
I am very upset about this phone. I was exited to get it activated with Straight Talk, and when I was trying to activate it, the lady said that the Samsung Precedent could not be activated in the West Coast. I was not aware of that problem or I would have not ordered it. So, everyone...please be careful.Lisa Camarena

Remember when owner's manuals actually told you how things work?  This has two.  Both start you out in something and then "follow the directions" except you can't access the damn keyboard to put in requests.  Took me ages to figure out how to pull the number pad up.  Asked Samsung to point me at a step by step owner's manual.  They didn't.  They referred me to the phone company - which doesn't have one either.  Yes, I'm new to this.  No this is not "intuitive" like my Iphone friends rave about.Two other big downsides - the touch screen is nice and sharp for me but it doesn't respond by touch but rather by how  electric you are at the moment.  So, there are times, it just doesn't want to accept my touch and I don't like the oily fingerprints all over the screen.  And if you are learning like I am, it locks all the time.  Keep tapping it and press the on/off button and swipe the phone on - over and over and over and over...It's slow and operates on Sprint networks.  I'm in the middle of San Francisco, on top of Buena Vista park and I've got fluctuating one bar to three bars.  Tried to Google and spent a minute waiting for the first entry.I don't know about the bar code app not working.  That is one of the major reasons I bought the thing; so I could price compare in the store.However, as a phone, it has better reception that the Motorola Metro PCS that I had before. It's compatible with hearing aids.  And it apparently can do some great things and by pass much of my constant search for the damn keyboard screen by using the talk feature.  Youtube videos make me think more highly of it.  Especially the talk feature.  Google around and look.  The plan at 45 a month is good.A 4G LG phone will be offered soon.  I'm not that big of fan of LG - their televisions look good but don't seem to last that long.  So, hmm.  If' Iphones were offered on other networks I'd buy one.  I just refuse to do the contact anymore.  So, this may be it for a while.

this phone SUCKS  if i could give it less than a star i would I HAVE HAD NOTHING BUT TROUBLE WITH IT FROM DAY 1 THE SERVICE (STRAIGHT TALK) IS GOOD NO PROBLEMS WITH THE SERVICE BUT THE PHONE SUCKS it looks nice but is not the main problem is the memory it has NEXT TO NO MEMORY IT HAS  MB'S OF MEM YES I SAID MB'S NOT GB'S you can buy a SD card for it to mad move apps  to the SD card but you need mem on the phone to download the apps because the apps download to the phone you cant downloads apps straight to the SD card and some apps cant go on a SD card they have to stay on the phone so if u want a smart phone chances are you are going to want apps THIS IS NOT THE PHONE FOR YOU it also turns on and off randomly and keeps telling me low on space and it also will say that a text was rejected due to low space when no1 sent me a text and the battery last about maybe 3-4 hrs if that I HATE THIS PHONE AND DO NOT RECOMMEND IT AT ALL IT IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY AND I BOUGHT IT WHEN IT WAS $100 SOMETHING YOU SHOULD  SAVE UP AND GET A BETTER PHONE I CANT WAIT UNTIL I CAN GET THE MONEY TO BUY A DIFFERENT PHONE AND GET RID OF IT BUT STRAIGHT TALK IS A GOOD SERVICE SO FAR THE PHONE JUST SUCKS

Ok lets get past the fact that there's no signal in smaller towns. Mines population 250,000 and still get no bars. Huge headache!But the phone itself is so buggy! I have to take the battery out at least once a day to reset it because it freezes on me. Apps force close and the storage on this thing is a joke. You can download about 10 small apps, thats it! The phone overheats on a regular basis just by running an app. I end up driving down the road holding it up to the air-conditioning. Or use it with the back off cuz its so hot. Also have problems keeping it connected to the charger. And it thinks its charging when its not. Battery life sucks. Sometimes I get only 3 hours before it dies.My advice, get any phone but this one!!!

I don't leave reviews but had some time while I was sitting on hold waiting for a straight talk representative to pick up the f...ng phone.  I terminated service in June and have asked for them to stop the monthly "refill" service three times.  Buyer beware.

This is awesome phone to have. 45 dollars a month plus it's. A Samsung galaxy  android. You can't be that deal.love it

ive had this phone for over a year still chuggin along just fine very happy with my purchase would buy again

I had problems with the phone and service from the beginning. The phone does not work at my house, which I realize is a service problem and not the phone. I called "customer service," but they are outsourced to India and read from a script. They do not have answers and cannot help. When I told them my phone doesn't work at my house, he said "then at this time you need to leave your house to use the phone." Since it had nothing to do with the phone, I could not receive a reimbursement. Ok, fine, I'll use my phone only when I'm mobile.I've had this phone for less than a year and several things go wrong all the time. Currently I can't charge the phone - I get a message reading that it is an "unsupported battery," but it is the battery charger that came with the phone!  Of course now I HAVE to get a new phone, but before that, it cut off all the time on its own, I got messages about "unexpectedly removing the SD card," which I never did, navigation dropped me all the time....problem after problem.I can't believe I left Verizon to save some money! Very bad move - DON"T DO IT!!!!

I love this phone i havent had a smart phone in a year and i saw my fave android on the front so i bought it and my second day i am in love with it. The keyboard i dont like but i fiured out how to switch it to android keyboard i am in love with it yay..

Phone didn't work right..i think it was more due to straight talk company though.cant even use phone and was told at store phone wasnt phone advertised..so i paid for an older straight talk phone...

This phone actually runs off the Sprint Network.  I am in a rural area and had a regular StraightTalk (on Verizon n/w) and Sprint phone, both receptions were lousy, but I got this phone to replace my contract phone, and as it's Sprint I pretty much know what to expect with it.The phone itself is great for a $45 unlimited plan a month, sure beats contract phones.

I purchased this phone about 4 months ago from WalMart. This phone is part of the StraightTalk line from Tracfone. It runs on the Sprint network, and I've had pretty good reception since I live in the LA area. The phone is a great phone, though the $45 a month cost is a bit pricey, since this phone cannot compare to many other Android phones out there. The phone is easy to use, the touch screen is very responsive, and it is convenient to use. It is a great introductory Android smartphone.HOWEVER, I would not purchase this phone again because:Customer service is ok, but their unlimited plan is NOT unlimited. I have only used this phone to download 3 game apps and used gmail and Youtube, and they canceled my acess to the internet because they though I was going on Youtube too much. What. The. Heck. Do not put unlimited on your card if you cut people off for using Youtube. That is absolute bull! If you want this phone, I would recommend getting a plan from Virgin Mobile and getting a different phone that is around the same quality. Do not buy a plan from StraightTalk, they LIE. They buy service from Sprint and re-sell it at a higher price. SO buy a plan from Virgin mobile, since they are a direct company under Sprint. Or tmobile and Kajeet both offer much cheaper pay as you go plans.4 Stars for the phone, 0 Stars for the companyDo not buy into their ploy.

I have this phone through Straighttalk and I have nothing good to say about it. The battery life is too short, the phone has poor reception, the internet and texting are slow. Most of the time I try to send a message, I just get the "Message not Sent" error. The phone freezes up a lot, email works sporadically and I am always having to turn it off and then back on to get it to work half way decent.

I just got this phone directly from straight talk for $70. I really like it but also keep in mind that I am upgrading from a samsung candy bar sliding phone with slow a$$ internet. The only problem I have so far with this phone is this....Apparently, you cannot use the camera without first inserting an sd card. I have had alot of phones and never had that be an issue.I am also not quite sure how to get everything set up but that will come in time. It works for me. I have watched videos on youtube, I have checked and set up email accounts. The best part about it is that I paid $70 and got it from straighttalk.com. Its refurbished but hey it looks and works like brand new out of the box and I have a 1 year warranty on the phone just as if it was new. So I feel as though I got a bargain. Otherwise I would honestly never have paid $200 for this phone because I don't think its worth that much but it is a solid little phone. Also so far battery life doesn't seem to be an issue for me but i plan to get the app that will save the battery life. I will update as I learn more about the phone. But overall I think if you want something nice without having to spend alot of money its a good phone. Only 3 out of 5 stars because of the camera issues.****UPDATE****After playing around with the phone and some trial and error, I am happy to report that I have worked out some of the kinks I was having. First thing I did was to install a 16gig sd card. Now I have access to the camera and video recorder. However, the camera doesn't take great pics. In fact my old phone takes better pics than this.In addition, I read alot about people rooting their phones in order to be able to use them as wifi hotspots. Well I was able to figuire out how to do that and I didn't have to root my phone to do it. Not only does it work on my tablet but also on my pc. Of course this is not something that I would do often but its good to have access to in case of an emergency.Having said that I am just amazed at all the things this little phone can do. If you are looking for a solid android phone but don't want to spend an arm and a leg to get it. I highly recommend you pick up one of these babies.

I have had this phone for and have had enough! MY REVIEW:Cons-Very low internal memory! Which means I can only have 3-4 apps on my phone. It comes with a memory sd card but it only holds photos and music-not apps!-Unreliable! the screen freezes up/ the touchscreen becomes unresponsive. It overheats. Consistent Crashes on the phone even after restoring it!Pros-The Android OS is really awesome and has it's perks.I believe it is the phone itself and not the software. It is cheap so expect cheap quality. What a waste of money... I paid around $150 for it and have regrets.

I just bought this phone 3 days ago and before I even decided to buy it I searched the web for every negative review there was about this phone. I must admit I was almost convinced not to buy it considering most of the reiviews I read had alot of things in common such as the limited data service for ST and the short battery life and bad service coverage. Well having this phone so far has been a wonderful experience its only been 3 days since I had it and I havent had any problems as far as the coverage it has a very good signal in my area. To increase the life-span of my battery I make sure to go to settings and manage any running apps by force stop, disconnect my 3G and wi-fi connections, and also downloaded a battery-life saver app which all have helped my phone hold a full and steady charge. I also downloaded a data manager app to ensure that i am staying under the 2GB limit, after doing some research about the ST plan and TOS I have learned that their is no such thing as unlimited data if you go over the 2GB limit your service will be subject for termination with NO REFUND, so please invest in this app if you are a heavy data user or subscribe to another carrier because its not worth losing a whole $45 just to stream a few videos and making your phone a wi-fi hotspot. I mean people always complain about having to do all of these extra tasks just to maintain the phone and the plan, but really its worth saving the money. I bought this phone refurbished on Amazon.com and I really feel like I got what I paid for which was a great phone with good service. If there was one thing about this phone I could change it would be the camera because it doesnt take very clear pictures, it doesnt have flash, and it doesnt scan barcodes AT ALL. Besides that I would refer this phone to a friend.

Thought I found what I was searching for. It was a Samsung Galaxy but an earlier model that I already have and it does not work very well. Therefore, I returned the cell phone and I am now waiting and hoping that my refund arrives soon.

I pretty much have tried just about all prepaid phones at one time or another in an attempt to upgrade with the times.  I recently decided to try the Samsung Galaxy Precedent through Straight Talk as a possible replacement for my home phone.  I gotta say, while researching this product here @ Amazon, I saw mostly mixed or negative reviews for this phone.  It appears that the most common problem involved this model of phone using the Sprint network(which made the coverage non existant for some people).  And another big issue apparently was the battery life being somewhat horrible.  Against what the reviews here gave for this phone, I decided to try it anyway and see for myself if this phone was capable of what the positive reviews said about it.  I'm really glad I did so, because this is in my opinion the best and definately most high tech prepaid phone I've ever owned.First and foremost in the positive aspects of this phone for me is having a 3G capable phone.  Most other prepaid phones I've had in the past were nowhere near as great as this phone.  Then again, this is the first android phone I've had, so there really is no fair comparison in that department.  The internet capability is unbelievable for a prepaid carrier.  I can check my email, watch YouTube and logon to Facebook remotely from my cell phone(and this phone is actually faster and doesn't lag as much as my desktop computer).  The only real downside here is that supposedly you're limited access to the internet(which other users here have pointed out in their reviews).  Disappointing really, since using internet on a phone this fast is addictive.  Something Straight Talk might wanna fix in the future and specify more.  Their plan for this phone is misleading, because their $45 Unlimited Plan to me implies unlimited internet access and not limited to 1 or 2 GB's.The next area is call quality and clarity.  So far, this phone has had excellent call quality and second to none clarity.  For all intents and purposes, I use this phone more often than my landline home phone and it's more consistent.  Initially, I was hesistant to purchase this phone with all the negative reviews on it using Sprint's network.  Thankfully, it's not an issue for me, because the area in FL I live must be a hotspot for Sprint.  I have used this phone for long distance and local calls, and not once have I had a dropped call or bad clarity issues.Finally is the battery life, which does drain quickly.  However, most newer phones I've used(like Blackberries, touchscreens phones or now Androids)all don't have long battery lives.  But, considering what all you do with this phone, it's nothing charging it up once a day can't solve.  It's been my experience that as long as you are religious with monitoring your battery, you'll never end up with a dead cell phone.  Of course, I don't use my phone every day for calls, but I do occasionally surf the web and pretty much use my mp3 player everyday.  I can see this being a problem for some people, but for me it's a non-existent issue.All in all, I've enjoyed this phone and haven't regretted buying it, as I've had no dropped calls, freezing up problems(which was a major issue for some here) or any other problems.  One main thing I noticed here @ Amazon is the ridiculously high price label for this product.  I purchased the exact sane phone and unlimited airtime card for about $170 at Wal Mart.  I can't believe the same phone here is $100 more without an airtime card, as I usually find better deals here.One final thing I wanna point out for the casual prepaid users here is that with this phone you cannot use the $30 airtime card with this(or any other Android phone with Straight Talk).  You have to purchase the $45 Unlimited card monthly, which makes sense with this being an Android phone.  Definately the best prepaid deal I found, as Verizon, Go Phone and Net 10 all had more expensive monthly deals on their Androids.

I got this phone when it frist came out in Sept, not knowing it was run by sprint, it is not on the box, walmart is not going to tell you. In fact it wasn't untill a month later I started checking reveiws and then saw why it was so bad. I had been waiting for my mins to run out before I truned it on. My old Straight Talk is a dream, and I love it. Sprint says I have coverage, but no such luck. I have to go 3 blocks down to even get one bar. so I used it for one day, and had to switch back over to my old phone. Straight Talk was no help at all, they kept fighting with me, saying I have coverage in my area, even thought I knew I didn't have anything. I don't blame Straight Talk they are just going by what sprits says they cover, even if it is a HUGE lie... so I guess I will sell this Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy Precedent, to someone who lives in town, or a big city where sprint dose cover. but I'm sure I will lose money.

If you are looking for a basic phone buy it.Its not worth calling smart phone.You can only install 10-15 apps.Freezes frequently..Cant do multitasking.Average battery life with data is half day.Internal memory is very low....And coverage is very poor indoors,data speed is very slow...

This is seriously the most horrible phone that I have ever owned. Do not buy this unless that's what your looking for. At first, the phone seems fantastic but the longer you have it, the worse it gets. It freezes constantly, even when you have absolutely no applications on it, sometimes it won't let you end calls or use the dial pad while in a call. Worst of all, it force closes all apps, including ones that come built in (such as your Contacts) 75% of the time. Please do not buy this stupid phone. It will, no doubt, be the worst spend you've had in a long time, if not ever. This phone is a waist of money, space and time.

You can get one at any local Walmart or Walmart.com for $149.00  - Why would anyone what to pay more for the phone than necessary, especially when it is $200 for a used one.....OMG that is just insane.....For get it peeps.....Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy Precedent Android Prepaid Cell Phone

I bought an Android Galaxy Precedent about a month ago and can not activate it or return it to the store.Are there going to be any towers set up in my area so tha I can use it?I am a Strsight talk customer and have been for quite a while and really like it and would like to use my Android phone if not I just wasted my money on the phone.

We didn't realize when we bought it the phone was on the Sprint network.  Totally useless inside buildings, only works outside, and we live where there are towers.  We bought it at Walmart and are returning it (Walmart gives 15 days for returns on phones). Sprint sometimes gives Airave to fix the problem with their own customers, but Straight Talk has no fix.  It's been a big pain in the neck.

it is a nice phone had a few scatches on it, and can see why had two batteries with it, it doesnt keep a charge overnight. other wise, nice phone. I wish I had got one that held the battery time loner, but owner did state problem keeping charge, my bad

this phone was a total disappointment,phone was not new had old pictures stilled stored,bad reception,phone make noises bought three sims card still would not work correctly,cuts off all the time always searching sims card didnt matter would't have purchase if known this would like a refund very disappointed.

Norma , I'm not writing about the product because you know all about it . I am writing to let other people know how amazing it was to work with you . You are such a sweet heart and i'm so happy the first time i bought something online was from you . You are so understanding and you seem to really care about problems that your customers may come across . You made this experience pleasant to deal with , and i just wanted to thank you so much again ! Hope to do business with you soon :)Thank you !Jill :)

Straight Talk comes out good to start with. They promise you the moon "cheap". But do not be fooled by their claims. Their service is absolutely terrible, you keep getting not registered on network messages, call do not go through, you miss calls, you don't get text until the following day etc etc. I could go on and on. Don't even think about calling their customer service because the call quality is terrible, you cannot understand them unless you speak another language other than English and you wait forever. And GOD forbid you try to make a payment over the phone because they will screw that up also and sit there and tell you that they did not. We got billed 3 times for one renewal and it took several hours on the phone to finally get it corrected. I am going elsewhere for my cell provider.

This phone constantly locks up while trying to answer calls, navigating through the menus, and texting. Battery life is about one day. I had to charge everyday I used it.

I've been with Straight Talk for 4 years now, and while the service isn't top notch... well... you get what you pay for.  In that regard, I have been very happy, but the Precedent does not preform in such a manner.  Even leaving aside the short battery life (I can't even play music for 3 hours without it threatening to die), easy overheating, frozen screen during calls, and late texts (all of this is more than enough to keep any sane consumer far away), take into account the horrible memory, the fact that it cannot hold up to most apps on the Google Play Market, and that it is... all in all... a piece of crap; I wouldn't wish this phone on my worst enemy.  If you want a smartphone I have a few suggestions for you:1- Before even thinking of purchasing this, keep your old flip phone... it's not worth it.2- Spend the money and get something better... it's not worth it.3- Go with a contract and get something great... it's not worth it.You may be saving a whole crap-ton of money by going with ST and getting a precedent, but very soon after you do you'll be cursing yourself, them, and the people who didn't stop you from spending your hard-earned money on something that may as well be spitting in your face.All in all... stay away from the Precedent.

After carefully reviewing MANY cell phones I could get without a contract, this was my choice. And as luck would have it, there was a sale going on. Actually bought it for $79 and some change at WalMart. Having only ever had a Nokia, no nothing Tracfone, I was really wanting something I could use to text my adult kids while we traveled. This is great!! No problems and easy to "teach myself" to use. My first ever texting and facebooking.  :)I might note that I did study the networks and inquire of others about Sprint in the areas I would be using. I have had no trouble or dropped calls anywhere I have gone, from the mid-west to the West coast. It just takes doing your homework and learning. I hate to read reviews where people are complaining about Sprint. Read people. ST boxes have the code right on them for the network.This has become our only phone for long distance calling and it works wonderfully. I don't need anything more. I have already become much more "techie" than I ever dreamed at the ripe old age of 64.

Phone sucks, memory sucks, battery sucks, don't buy this phone. It take 3-4 hours to charge for 1 hour uses. You can't download too many apparently even if you buy a bigger memory card.

wow, where to start.  First this is a Sprint phone so if you live where Sprint coverage is poor, then it is a glorified paperweight.  I have one on NET10, my nephew and his wife have 2 of these on straight talk.  all are less than 2 months old.  Mine was new, theirs refurbs.  All 3 phones exhibit the same issues.  Touch screen does not respond, phone freezes up and you have to remoe the battery to reset.  Overall this phone is GARBAGE.

Before you purchase a straight talk phone BEWARE you get very little service outside of your activation zip code.  I purchased a LG Optimus from Walmart  and cancelled my Verizon contract.  The phone I purchased runs off of Verizon Towers, however when I went out of town, I had no service.  When I returned home, I called Straight Talk and was told the phone will only work in the activation zip code.  I asked if it would have service at all when I traveled and he stated no.  I called back and talked with another rep and she tried to explain how the cell towers work, but bottom line is: you can get  a small amount of service when you travel, but very little.  If I had known this, I would not have purchased this phone.  A lot of money spent and I'm going to have to switch service to someone else!  Not happy!

Great basic android phone for the price. Wish it had more internal memory. Working well in the St. Louis area.

This phone is horrible. As for exterior, it's a decent looking phone and I have dropped it multiple times without noticeable cosmetic wear. A week after purchase my vibrate quit working. I ran all diagnostics and did multiple resets without it being fixed. The phone is slow and constantly freezes. I have to pull the battery every day. The battery life is horrible. I have to charge at least once a day even after pulling it off the charger in the am. The only positive is that the phone is inexpensive. It lacks multiple features ie hotspot (there is a tether app that you can pay for), Samsung computer app for updates won't read the precedent, gingerbread (runs on slow out of date froyo), etc...I would recommend spending the extra money at virgin mobile and getting the lg marquee or Motorola triumph. 2 out of 5 for the precedent.

This phone sucks! I just bought it last month and regret doing so! I can never access the internet, and customer service as well as the android department is giving me the run around! Its almost worth getting on a contract plan because they would resolve this problem ASAP. I hate this phone! The only reason it deserved the 2 stars was because its a smartphone and you can download apps! Be smart, do not buy this phone!

Received the Samsung Galaxy Precedent for Christmas last year. Three months now and I love it. I don't know why there is negative reviews perhaps they expected more out of the phone. To tell the truth all the negative reviews that this phone got I almost didn't want the phone, but decided to put it on the Christmas list instead, just incase.I give it 4 out of 5 because when I received the phone the charger didn't work, I couldn't just get another charger. I was told I would have to exchange everything or just buy a new charger. So I bought a new charger. Another reason for the 4 stars is the apps that come with the phone you can't delete either. There are some apps that I know that I will never use like books, I rather read the real thing than electronically.I haven't had a drop call in all of the 3 months of usage, but friends that have cell phones had their calls drop while talking to me. I will come back in another 3 months and give another review.

The battery will not hold a charge overnight, How do I get a replacement battery? Who do I contact? Is there a Phone number?

I bought this phone because I needed a new phone and I thought going the route of a smartphone would  be the way to go.  While I don't completely regret it, this was definitely a piss-poor choice for my foray into the world of smartphones.Battery life is dismal.  I literally have to charge this thing every single night and even then I worry about it dying on me with what would otherwise be moderate to light use on my previous phone.  That's with everything turned off (no wifi, no sync, no bluetooth and no gps) and the display brightness set to medium while running maybe the application to support texting.  That's it.  Battery life is still beyond awful.You can't transfer any apps fully over to the sd card.  While you would think this would be one of those totally obvious things that would essentially cripple a smartphone to not have available, they chose to prevent the phone from being able to have more than say 3 decent apps ever loaded onto it no matter what.  Asinine?  Absolutely.  Chance is the phone can't run the apps/games you want to load onto it anyway so I guess the point is moot.I've had the phone for 2 months and already after some kind of glitched out update, google maps and my bank of america app don't work anymore.  GREAT!  The only real reasons I bought a smartphone are now totally quashed.  I guess I should feel fortunate that the browser app still functions.  I thought I told the phone to not auto-update in the first place but expecting this sad contraption to actually do what I tell it to is probably a bit of a stretch.Sometimes, the screen randomly just stops responding - which is ultra-helpful when you're on a call with roadside assistance and you have to put your policy number in so someone doesn't crash into your car on the side of the freeway.  Thanks Samsung!The box I looked at advertised a 800 mhz processor, which it turns out is light-years behind what is required to play scramble and watch netflix.  If this is a smartphone it's missing a chromosome or two.On the plus side I have successfully used it to navigate pages on the internet.  And now I can tell people I have a smartphone so they don't look at me like I'm homeless anymore.  Oh, and the screen is really quite pretty to look at.  Those are the only redeeming things I can think of for this plastic sack of mess so I guess I'll give it 2 stars on that merit.But seriously, buy an iphone.  Buy a used one.  Buy a new one.  Just don't buy this.

I've had this phone for about a year now. For the first month everything was fine. After that, it all went downhill. First of all, the phone itself has very limited internal memory. I have a very large memory card in my phone and I'm still unable to download some of the apps I want because it first has to download to the internal before I can transfer it to my card. Frustrating to say the least. A lot of the apps available don't even work anyway though. They aren't compatible and they will constantly "force close". The phone itself also freezes a lot. I work with 2 other women who have the same phone and the same exact problem. I'll be in the middle of a call that I have to pull my keypad for and it won't do anything. It won't hang up, turn off or anything so I eventually just have to take the battery out. This phone may be ok for someone just using it for everyday calls and texts but I certainly don't recommend it for someone like myself who uses their phone for everything. It certainly doesn't work great for everything it's advertised to do or for the price I paid for it.

this phone is a great entry level phone for first time smartphone users like myself...me personally this phone does everything i want..as far as coverage goes i live in south central connecticut and the coverage is pretty good for the most part.. I get three bars in my basement and my tmobile phone could not get service down there...for 45 dollars a month unlimifted everything is such a great value...texting is easy..keyboard is good although took me a while to get used to because my fingers are big.landscape mode for typing works much better for me not a big fan of swype typing although probably works well...i also love the voice to dial,text,and e-mail options on the phone it really comes in handy when your driving or multi tasking...battery life is about six hours of moderate use and if you use the gps get a car charger because it will drain the battery down in like an hour...phone for the most part is pretty fast...its no galaxy s2,but overall solid phone and if sprint works in your area then i would say go for it its a real good bargain if your on a budget..

First i would like to say that the price on here is horrible $139.99 you can go to Walmart and get this phone for $79.88 and can buy the phone and the $45 card for 124.99 so i think someone needs to evaluate the prices on here or something!!

I purchased this phone about a month ago and it has been nothing but a giant pain.  The battery life is short, the keyboard sucks no matter how you hold it.  There isn't a text reminder and the phone is definitely not user friendly.  I strongly suggest that you pick a different phone.  I most certainly do not recommend this one.

First: I have used Straight Talk phones before and had no problems with coverage until I bought this Samsung Precedent.The ad gave no indication that this phone works only on the Sprint network. I found out later that Straight Talk has confirmed that the Precedent will run on the Sprint network.Because Straight Talk chose to use the Sprint network for this phone, the coverage on this phone will likely be similar to the coverage of Virgin Mobile or Boost Mobile who are also Sprint resellers; it will likely only work in major metropolitan areas + on most freeways. This is generally inferior to what I and current Straight Talk customers experience on the Verizon or AT&T; networks that all current Straight Talk phones use.Second: After one day with this phone, the battery will not charge as it states "not a valid battery - check your manual." There is nothing in the manual about this phone battery error. Will be sending phone back for a refund.

It's a shame to see so many bad reviews on this phone. Most of these reviews involve people who didn't check coverage before they made their purchase and don't understand why the phone doesn't perform as well as a $300 android. This is an entry level affordable phone!Do yourself a favor and decide for yourself instead of listening to people who don't bother to educate themselves.

I love my new phone it is so easy to use and it takes great pictures as well,i would recommend it to anyone

Do not buy this phone. Seriously, it is absolute shit. I've had it for about 6 months and it has been nothing but a hassle since the day i got it. Its very slow and the touch screen is extremely unresponsive. It is not worth your money.

I have used Straight talk phones from the beginning and the Galaxy Precedent is a big step up.  I don't know why everyone is saying the Precedent is using Sprint?  Sprint is very weak in my town.  Walmart here say's and I have verified that my Galaxy Precedent is using the Verizon network, which has great reception almost everywhere around here.  If you want to control cost.  Get a reliable smart phone.  I recommend  Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy Precedent Android cell phone.  Just get used to plugging your cell phone in every night.

You can buy these at Walmart for $129 so you might want to look in to that and i thought you might want to know about that

Not a problem in the world with this phone so far. I do strongly feel the photos are misleading as you will not be receiving anything put the phone and the charger new in the box. No case and No monthly card. PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE BUYING ITEM.

This phone worked for a few hours and then I could barley even get it to unlock... I'm very disapointed.

Come to find out this phone did not work in my area. Even though I was told over the phone with talkntree it would. After speaking with Straight talk for the forth time it was apparent talkntree was giving me the run around on the phone. During email exchange they were very short and unpleasant to deal with same way on the phone. Different story when buying than trying to return. Once again my worse experience on Amazon!!

I've been using Tracfone and Straight Talk for a number of years. I like what you get for the price and the service is nice with no hidden fees. So when I found out Straight Talk was going to offer the Samsung Galaxy Precedent back in September of 2011, I was excited. I had never had a smart phone and was eager to try it out. I ordered the phone in October 2011 from Straight Talk for about $200 with the month card.When I first got it I loved it! The touch screen worked well and I loved the swipe feature when texting. Calls were so-so but that's what you get when using the Sprint network. I also liked that I didn't have to buy the small jacked headphones like my other phone had. One big thing I learned to love was the e-mail, I never miss anything now (bills online, work business, family things) However, as I used the phone I've learned to hate it.The phone itself has an extremely limited internal memory and some Apps cannot be put on the SD card so downloading Apps is at a minimum. Some Apps don't even work on the phone anyway so that was also frustrating (barcode scanning Apps, most games)I hit dead zones all the time and don't get service for 5-10 minutes and calls have dropped from time to time.When listening to music, the music skips when signal strength changes.The phone has turned itself off a few times and freezes often.I've had to set the phone back to factory settings 3 times in the past year because of the lack of memory. If you ever do have to re-set your phone, don't worry, it keeps your contacts (after re-set act like you're adding a contact and cancel, all numbers should come back)The camera is not the best thing in the world and sucks in low lighting (no flash)Overall, it's not the best thing in the world, but it is a smart phone and there are tricks on getting extra storage on the phone (yet to try) and it's a great phone when it does what you want it to but I'll be looking for a new phone soon!

I bought a new Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy S2. After less than 2 months of use, it would not load the data package. Sent it back and received REFURBISHED replacement phone 2 weeks later. It WOULD NOT power on! Waiting on a third phone which will also be REFURBISHED!!! Will probably sell on eBay (at a loss) and ditch Straight Talk once and for all!

After owning this phone, it has convinced me that I will never buy another Samsung phone. I will never buy another phone without knowing exactly how much internal memory is in the phone. Samsung keeps this hidden about this phone. Absolutely nowhere on the box that it came in, in the documentation, on the phone itself, nowhere are you told anything about how much memory is in the phone.Oh the problems that this phone has because of such a tiny amount of internal memory that this phone has. I am guessing there is not even as much as a single gigabyte of internal memory in this phone. The phone's memory is occupied by the operating system and filled up with just a few installed apps.The problem with a small amount of internal memory is that it is very unpredictable when the text message memory fills up and won't allow anymore new text messages unless you free up some memory.The phone has an SD memory card slot. There is absolutely no option in the operating system to select that all incoming text message must be saved directly to the memory card. The operating system only save incoming text messages to the internal memory. There is such a tiny amount of allocated text message memory space available. It fills up so fast and when it does, any more incoming text messages are ignored and rejected, you will never see them.It is absolutely technically possible that the operating system could save incoming text messages to the memory card. It is only because of corporate politics that Google did not write an operating system that can save text messages to the memory card.There is less than a single gigabyte of internal memory inside of this phone.Don't ever buy a phone unless you know exactly how much internal memory is inside of the phone. A phone should have at least 8gb of internal memory. 16gb is even better.

I bought this phone at walmart for about 160 w/tax i see it on here for 200 bucks just go to walmart! If you're not a swype person lucky there's a option to turn it off and trust me it makes texting bearable. If you're on a budget and need a nice phone to do the basics this phone is for you.

I bought his phone, it gets no signal what so ever, even though our other straight talk phone gets service. I had to buy another phone. Biggest waste of money ever!!!

Highly recommend this company..great service. ..great phones...it would be in your best interest to choose ny sales for your cell phone purchase. High quality phones and they ship your phone right away.just awesome!!!!

this phone is great when first bought in my opinion but after a while and i mean a few months the battery doesnt hold a charge, the reception is terrible i got dropped calls often, and this happened to both me and my sister as soon as we put our minutes on the phone shuts off and doesnt want to come on for days it acts like it is charging when there is nothing in it. honestly save urself the trouble and DONT GET THIS PHONE.

Well I bought this phone last month from the Straight talk site which I paid a little over $80.00 for & its a great phone for the apps, games, wifi, surfing the web & so on but unfortunately I am stuck with a phone I cant use as a phone because of my location. They sold me a phone they knew I wouldn't be able to use due to my zip code which was entered in when I bought it. I am rather upset with straight talk now because of this but otherwise its a great phone! Thinking of selling mine now since I cant really use it for what I wanted/needed it for & naturally they wont take it back now because its been 30 days so I am out of the money I spent on it.

ugh where do i start...this phone seems amazing at first b/c its a smart phone and i was so excited to be getting it b/c it can do all those "smart" things like go on the internet, games, etc and its all the rage but actually after having this phone for only 5 months or less i would rather just have my old phone which was one of the ones that slide up and you can type on the front or the side (also str. talk) dont remember what that particular one was called (im not a tech savvy person) anyway i still have the phone and this (precedent) phone sucks sooo bad im strongly considering shutting this one off and going back to my old one.first of all the memory and battery life on it is not good at all. not that im on it alot, but the thing is you dont have to be. you can download 2-3 apps and with those and all the crappy ones that they make u have on there (that u cant remove btw)you will have no storage room (memory space) left on your phone bc you have to constantly keep updating to the latest version of these apps .2nd the phone freezes up alot. i know its modern technology and technology will do that , but ive had it freeze up in the middle of a text message and ive had to restart it, sometimes the back gets hot and i'd have to turn it off and let it cool down, take the battery out, sometimes it even restarts itself. which is a bitch when u are in the middle of a conversation with someone.3rd this may just be my particular phone but it just recently started doing this thing where the screen constantly stays on. which drains the battery. the 1st time that happened i turned it off and turned it back on and it was fine. now it's doing it again. my screen has been on for a long time now and will not go off(turn dark). so basically my battery's just being drained and theres nothing i can do about it. it won't turn off no matter what i do.4th the customer service for this company SUCKS. just like a majority of customer service phone representatives they sound like they're from india(no offense to indian people but this is america and we speak (mostly) english here.) and speak in complete gibberish straight from a script like a robot. they can be helpful, the couple of times ive had to call them but like i said, they speak shitty english which is silly to me.long story short, this is only my opinion but dont waste your money on this phone, it is NOT i repeat NOT worth the money. maybe it's straight talk's quality of phones maybe its just my particular phone maybe its smart phones in general. anyway i'll be switching to my old phone as soon as my current phone card runs out .

I had to return it. But the return process was very easy and I was refunded promptly. Someone gave me a Samsung with a slide down keyboard that works for me much better (until I have the money to do a more expensive phone).

I bought this phone at Walmart several months ago. At first I was excited. It has a nice screen, isn't too heavy or bulky, and I haven't had a problem with dropped calls. However, as many people have mentioned this phone has issues locking on calls; it doesn't do it all the time, it seems to only be when it's LIKE, REALLY, REALLY IMPORTANT. But my biggest problem with this phone is its (in 2012) laughable amount of storage (which is mitigated somewhat by the fact that they include a 2gb micro sd card, however it doesn't work worth *insert expletive here*, it won't let you save the things you want on it, and half of the time the phone can't even find it. And while it has the Android name on it, the truth is it's only running android 2.2 and a customized (read: LIMITED) version at that. On top of all this, while I wouldn't expect a prepaid carrier to be as good as one of the major carriers, Straight-Talk 3G SUCKS. It's like dial-up all over again. You won't use it  because you'll get tired of pulling your hair out and chewing your fingernails till they bleed. On Wi-fi it's a completely different experience, great if you happen to work at home and never go out. So in closing, this is basically a smartphone that can't do anything a smart phone is supposed to do. I give it 3 stars because it when it does work correctly it's decent, as a voice phone it works fine and at least you get a free sd card for all the handwringing.

.... The phone itself is great. Others will hopefully tell you more about the phone and all that it does. I'm not very techy. If it makes calls and texts, thats good with me. This phone does a whole lot more than make calls and texts, and I had a lot of fun getting to know the phone.The bad thing, unfortunatly, is that in the area that I am in most of the time, there is no signal. I live and work in a rural area, and this phone evidently runs off of different towers than the other straight talk phones. The service on this phone is non-existent for much of the roads I travel. Service was in and out throughout the day inside the building that I work in. When I *was* able to make a call from inside the building, the person I was talking to had trouble hearing me. Some texts went through, some did not.I'm pretty dissapointed, I really wanted this phone! But if it can't make a call the majority of the time, its just not going to work for me. So if you're in a rural area, think twice!I will say, Straight talk would get 5 stars from me for switching my phone back to an older one when I called them to tell them this one wasn't going to work for me. They were freindly and efficient.

I am not happy with this phone at all. It took me 12 hrs to get it activated due to the fact it runs off sprint towers. Somehoe I ended up with 2 phones instead of 1 by a mix up in ordering. I couldn't get to post office to return it,so I gave the other one to my son. He called to transfer his service to his & straight talk told him he couldn't cuz the phone he was using(same as my old on) ran off verizon towers & he couldn't go to sprint towers with the new one. His phone wasn't activated. The phone stays hot when using or talking. Doesn't hold charge & runs hot while charging. I wish I could get my money back for both phones,but its been 30 days. I even got new battery,but same problems.

did not receive what was ordered....got a different phone instead...phone was way too small...and was not the same one that my daughter had.

I cant believe how fast the phone got here! I ordered on friday and it was here monday! With expidited shipping! The phone is great! Just aa described by seller brand new! In the box! Its a great birthday gift for my sister in law!

Ok, I am not sure why ppl are being so hard on this phone. Well I have an idea, Ill explain more below. This is my first "smart" phone, and I have to say, this surprised me to no end. It is sleek, light, and a very good overall phone if you are first getting started.Pros:* Straight talk's 45 bucks a month unlimited. Every time I pay my bill I cant believe how great it is that I have unlimited everything.* GPS..I have always despised the garmin type GPS receivers that made you pay for updates-those days are over. With GPS tracking on google maps, type in where you wanna go, and watch the little arrow (which is you) go! Unbelievable...* No buttons (on the face). This thing was WAY sleeker than any phone Ive ever had. Just touch face buttons which light up when you hit em... extremely elegant.* Speed... for the price, I still cant believe what you get. Every once in a while it lags, but when Im clicking on my apps, I have very few issues, even for FB (unless you are in a slow 3G area)..* NETFLIX-yes, the real deal, very nice...but you might need to connect your WIFI.* Swype...my fingers are a little big, so if you swipe a word over the letters in the proper order, then it guesses the word. Does it quite well actually-awesome!Cons:* Battery life... not as good as it can be definitely. --BUT--- If you go into task manager and stop the apps you dont use, you will increase battery life by 25-40%... Most ppl never mess with this stuff.I think alot of your experience with this phone depends on your app usage, location, and what you believe you are getting for the dollar. Before this phone, I had a Samsung T528 which was awful. Almost didnt buy samsung anymore...but I went for it, and its almost like its from another company...Highly recommended if you want a good value for your buck AND if you tinker with the app usage...

My husband recently switched to Straight Talk and bought this phone. It's just so-so. The battery doesn't last very long and my husband has to charge it once or twice a day. Mind you, my husband is on his phone a lot for business, so the battery may last a casual user a lot longer. We're pretty disappointed with Sprint's coverage, as well. It's just really spotty if you're not near a big city and there is no roaming. That can be really concerning if you need to get a hold of someone in an emergency and you're stuck without service.My husband likes the phone itself, though. This is his first smartphone. He likes being able to listen to music on his phone and he recently became a Words With Friends addict. He's really happy with all the features it offers and is looking into having this phone put on a contract plan that offers better coverage.

Instead of an opinion, this is a question.I am about to buy a Straight talk Galaxy Procedure, I am wanting a flip cover for it. I have seen many used on Asian drama and think it is a great idea. Problem is that the straight talk phones don't sell them. only hard backs.Does anyone know which Samsung Galaxy contract phone would be comparable with the SGH 720C? If it is comparable then it should fit.thanks

The reason i bought this phone was for International unlimited calls. The phone is very good for basic Android phone.  We get all the basic functionality. Galaxy quality is good.But if your planning to make international calls. The quality of international calls bad.

I bought this phone from Wal Mart in October for $161.00... What a freaking joke! The phone is such a piece of garbage and is totally unreliable. It freezes up and I have to remove the battery and restart it anywhere between 5 - 20 times a day. When I tried to exchange it at Wal Mart it was already past their "15 day return policy" They pretty much told me I was screwed.

first... i did pay for this phone $90 ...expecting received a new boxed straight talk phone.. and .. i did received a used phone ;without SD memory card and with the wrong charger ; and also with no battery ..(so with the money i did pay for it plus all the accessories.. the price is about $200 dollars!!!  .i did call to straight talk and the same  brand new phone... it cost no more than $60 dollars  ....it was a robbery!!!  ... but the problem was resolve thanks to the always excellent amazon customer service

I wish I wouldn't have bought this phone. It was supposed to be brand new and never activated. When I received it I called Straight Talk to activate it and they told me the phone had previously been used by someone else and after hours and days of staying on the phone I had to ship my phone to them. They sent me another one that still does not work, so now I am stuck without a new phone! I would have been better off buying the phone from somewhere else!!!

I got this for only $30 on Straighttalk.com.  All I need is to be able to tether, use Grindr, calculator, calendar, have a notepad for a shopping list, take screenshots, text, and make calls.  This does all those without a problem.  I love how lightweight it is.  This takes decent pics if the lighting is great.  I'm giving it 5 stars because of the price, but I'd of course like it to have a better quality cam & more memory/processor/rom.

I bought this at Walmart for $150 a few weeks ago to replace the cheap-o flip phone I've had for years.  If you're like me and are upgrading from a standard cell phone, I think you'll really love it.  If you're switching from an iphone or Galaxy S, you'll definitely notice the lack of bells and whistles.  Although, it might be worth loosing a few features to save money.  I've heard some reviewers mention the phone has froze on them to the point they had to take out the battery.  This has not happened to me and I use it quite a bit.PROS:- 3G and wi-fi are fast and work great.  I'm able to watch youtube videos and listen to music through Pandora on 3G with no problem.  I haven't tried Netflix on 3G, but it worked well on wi-fi.- Full access to the Android app market.- Only $45 a month for unlimited everything.  Through Verizon, AT&T;, or Sprint that would cost you over $100- Decent battery life.  It will make it through the day with normal use.  And by normal I mean an hour on the phone and an hour or two on the internet.  If you only make calls it will last you 3-4 days.- GPS worked fine the one time I used it.  Although it did make the battery drain a lot quicker...which is normal.CONS:- This phone uses Sprint's network and the reception is hit or miss.  I sometimes have to walk outside to get a good signal depending on where I am.  Check Sprint's coverage map to make sure it will work in your area.- No flash support.  It doesn't even worth with the flash app.  Apparently there's not enough ram or something.- Barcode scanner app doesn't work.  It doesn't have the right type of camera.Hope my review was helpful.  If you're wanting an affordable smart phone that works well without having to fork out a hundred dollars a month to use it, look no further.

The battery dies before the day has ended.  StraightTalk's customer service has been outsourced. I have switched back to my dumb phone.

The phone is okay, but the memory sucks on this, you download one app and your memory is full. That was the first problem, then also, I still cannot change the number from the seller because there are no android phones in my area. Then to top that the seller never contacted me back after I emailed her about the PIN that I have no clue what it is. So I do not recommend this phone to anyone. Sorry.

I've had this phone for a year.I've returned it to get it fixed at least 4 times. (The battery wouldn't charge, there was something wrong with the charging area itself, the screen wouldn't work, and I forgot the other times)ONE time they changed my number WITHOUT me knowing while waiting for this phone... wasn't too happy about that.I do love the $45 a month plan, can't complain about that.The apps keep freezing and the internet doesn't work, I  have a ipod that I use if I get wifi anywhere... otherwise I don't bother trying because it takes too long for it to load (Even with FULL bars of service)Otherwise service is generally good for me and I live in the country. I DID have an issue about half a year ago with this phone where I wouldn't either receive or 'send' texts until 3 or 4 hours later. It was very odd because I would make plans, but they would never receive those plans.PROS:Good service where I am.Battery is decent.... For a droid.It's a $45 monthly plan, I can't really complain for what I pay.Can be useful for getting a hold of the weather, or any other social networks.CONS:Apps crash all the time.Internet doesn't load. (Even with full 3G service)GPS (usually) doesn't work.Occasionally my touchscreen won't be a 'touchscreen' (Won't recognize my touch, even with a screen protector) and I will have to restart my whole phone up.It's a tiny phone, that weights a lot.I'm hoping to upgrade this Christmas to the Samsung Galaxy II. :D

***EDIT 6/8/2013 This review was written when CDMA versions were sold (i.e. using Verizon towers instead of Sprint), if you are still looking for a Verizon prepay phone MAKE SURE IT SUPPORTS CDMA AND NOT GSM etc***I've had Straight Talk for about five or six months now, and have had the Samsung Galaxy Precedent for that much time as well. From what I understand, ST phones go on a phone-by-phone basis of what kind of service will work for it. A majority of ST phones run Verizon, and the Samsung (as well as some other smart phones) runs off of Sprint. That's the first thing I'm addressing here: If you are located in an area where Sprint is used and supported, this phone should connect just fine. Otherwise, be careful.I live in a rural city, and Straight Talk told me that my phone does not work in my area. That's basically to cover their butts, because if you check the Sprint coverage map this town is covered and I can attest to it. Not great signal like all the other Verizon users around here, but I haven't dropped a call yet.Moving on to the actual phone itself: This has been my first smart phone, and by all accounts I am very impressed. It's a very "everyday" phone and it shows. It sure as heck won't run anything fancy like Dead Space (heck, sometimes Angry Birds will stutter a bit), but I can very quickly hop onto Facebook, forums I frequent, my email, Twitter, and even use an app called TuneIn Radio to listen to the radio here and there. You can have it run off of the 3G network or use it's Wifi capabilities, especially in my area 3G isn't super fast but I can still stream music from it.I've been using my phone as much more than a phone. It's been my MP3 player (16GB micro SD card), it's been my Internet source for my laptop with tethering to 3G (Airports with Boingo!, you are terrible and I'm SO GLAD to have this phone to bypass that service), it's been my GPS for when I've been lost in the past, it's been my go-to quick Google search, etc etc.I have also managed to root the phone and get rid of a lot of the pre-installed software. Which brings me to another point: The battery could be much better. I've had to go through with a root uninstaller app and get rid of some software that would otherwise take up resources. I've bought an app called JuiceDefender Ultimate that I switch on when I'm trying to stretch out my battery life. I've had to go through the phone settings and ensure that profiles/accounts aren't being updated every minute, either off or every hour, etc. With all that said and done, a full charge will usually last me at least two to three days, but when the phone is on it's factory settings this could be significantly shortened to five to seven hours. (If anyone knows where to buy a good replacement battery for this phone to make it last longer, I and other Amazon users would really appreciate it! :) )Overall, the phone itself is a very good "everyday" phone. Now, about Straight Talk: there are multiple methods of payment, thankfully, such as going through their website, using Walmart.com, going to Walmart and picking up a card, or calling customer service. I recommend NOT calling customer service. In fact, as much as I LOVE my phone, Straight Talk needs to overhaul it's customer service. I didn't have an old number to transfer to this phone, so I didn't have to put up with that - however, there are been multiple accounts of users having bad experiences doing this (while a minority say that switching to their old number went through in about ten or so minutes and was painless). I've had to call in on a bank statement problem with ST once (turned out to be the bank all along), as a genuinely confused customer I wasn't too satisfied when I was being accused to trying to get another month of service when the reality was it was my banks fault. Maybe if, instead of blaming me, just telling to check with my bank first we wouldn't have had a bad experience and worse misunderstanding.I am a guy that doesn't like having their hand held when dealing with electronics and I want to know what I'm paying for exactly. I know I'm paying $50 a month for a phone with unlimited everything, and I try to figure out what I can and can't do with my phone on my own. If you usually end up calling customer service and technical support for a lot of your electronics, I wouldn't recommend Straight Talk. That doesn't mean I haven't had to call technical support before, but I don't do it on a frequent basis.Overall, I've been pretty satisfied with the Samsung Galaxy Precedent and would recommend it to anyone who needs a general phone (with it being more than a phone).PROS:- Great audio quality on the phone, including the speaker on the back of the unit and earpiece for calls.- Multiple methods of communication, such as GPS, WiFi, 3G, and Bluetooth. I use my Rocketfish RF-MAB2 bluetooth headphones with the phone, which is great as a pair of headphones for music and to quickly switch to a phone call when needed.- Phone can be rooted giving you more control. Tethering is great when you can't get to a hot spot, or the hot spot wants you to pay for their service.- Easily connect with Facebook, Twitter, email, texting, and more.- Multiple methods of payment to Straight Talk. I've even used the phone's web browser to make a payment once.- With the Droid OS, you get a lot of customization out of your phone to make it *yours*.- Tons of apps work with the phone.CONS:- Straight Talk customer service and technical support is not great and needs a face lift / overhaul.- Battery life is not great, will need to go through your phone settings thoroughly to make sure that anything taking up resources you don't care for isn't doing so anymore.- If you are looking for a gaming phone, move along, nothing to see here.NOTES:- Uses the Sprint network.- No physical QWERTY keyboard, everything is touch screen.EDIT: As of tomorrow, 7/16/2012, I will be ordering the HTC Evo V 4G from Virgin Mobile. This phone has had a very nice run, in fact it won't be going anywhere and will probably stick around the house somewhere as a backup just in case. But for now, I crave a new phone, bigger, better, etc, but I still stand by this review.

Beware of what you pay for. This is a wonderful cheap, quality product when everything works. However, please expect no customer service. The poorest quality reception for abnormally extended time periods for which you pay for your minutes customer service does/does not resolve your problem. I was a former TracFone customer who left the company years ago for lack of customer service. Due to poor economic times and trying to save money, i recently was persuaded by a co worker to get a straight talk phone. I've been happily satisfied AT&T customer 12+ years. However due to costs only, i decided to switch. WORST decision ever made in my life. I spent over 30 minutes on phone with no resolution and informed by customer service they couldn't email me either. I was able to understand only 4th syllable of every word. I inquired where this customer service was and she explained Southeast Asia. I asked if this poor quality reception was any indication of the quality of service to be expected. Worst customer service ever. I was calling their customer service from a straight talk cell phone to the customer support trying to convert a home phone to $15 per month plan... Well needless to say i'm evaluating this entire experience and plan to return the home phone router to the company for full refund.  Customer service is an added benefit that is required in the technology world we live in today.  Remember, you get what you pay for. Nothing in life is free... Sad to think this could be an exceptional value if the customer service was improved. Please read other reviews online of other straight talk experiences with customer service.

Ok. First off my phone gives me a message very often saying sd card not found. So i have to take the sd card out and put it in again. Plus, sometimes when I have an incoming call it freezes up to where I cant even answer the phone. It also does that when im calling someone and say they dont answer, it will not let me hang up. So im forced to leave a voice message obviously saying nothing because im trying to get the phone to hang up. Very awkward. I always get service in my house but sometimes all my bars will be gone and I will get no service at all. It doesnt even help if i move to another spot in the house. I usualy always have to take my battery out and put it back in again just for it to restore the bars and get service. Which it had no reason to lose any bars in the first place. Then, just recently I am not able to hear good and people arent able to hear me well, I always have to put my phone on speaker phone just to have a conversation. Which makes it pretty embarassing walking around having a full convo with someone and everyone else to hear. In addition, sometimes it will not charge, i plug it up and nothing happens. When i am sure my charger isnt damaged. But after about 20 minutes it starts charging like nothing ever happened. This is after trying two of the same charges. I have been dealing with straight talk phones for almost 3 years now. The only reason why I have been with them for so long is because right now I cant afford to go with at&t and sprint and pay a high monthly bill. I have gone through so many phones, i beleive that there phones are very low quality. Something "technical" always happens to them. Plus, the customer service reps are from India, which is not a problem but they can rarely fix a problem. And misunderstand you .

This phone is an Android model, which requires you to have $45 Unlimited plan from Straight Talk. The phone works of a Sprint network. I have had decent coverage even though we live in a country, but the data speeds are slow unless you live in a bid city. Have had no issues with a signal to make or receive calls. Biggest problem I got with the phone is the lack of internal memory which runs out quick after you install a FEW apps. The whole point of the android phone is to customize it with the apps that you need/like/want. The second problem is the battery life, which on a low tech phone should not be an issue, since the internals should not draw that much power. Moving on to better phones on AT&T; and Verizon networks through Straight Talk.Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy Precedent Android Prepaid Cell Phone

Even though I really like the phone I'm only giving it 3 out of 5 stars. For one small reason being that it comes with preloaded apps that I don't use or want, like Youtube and some others, but won't allow me to delete them. The biggest reason is that I've only had the phone for 4 days now, and the battery literally "Sucks". I don't use WiFi or Bluetooth, I "End All Tasks" when done using them, I send only a few texts, and maybe browse Facebook for about 10 minutes; my battery is at about 40% within 4-5 hours (95% of that is just sitting on stand-by). So, where as they claim battery life up to 9 days on stand-by and 6 hours of talk time is not a realistic estimate whatsoever.If any one has any helpful hints on how to maximize battery life, other than the obvious pointers stated above, that would be really helpful... and might raise the ratings for this item.

Yeah you can get this same phone at Walmart for $129.99 I would just go there gas isn't that much holy crab neither is postage this person is a con

This phone is perfect for those wanting a smartphone and are on a restrictive income. reception is iffy in the country, but here in the city it works very well for me. The issue here is the price people are asking for on amazon. Walmart offers this phone for $149 +tax, on this website the asking price is around $200. you're better off buying it from Walmart. (If the prices change mind the date of this review)

I've had this phone for 5 months and i got to say i haven't had any major problems.But don't purchase from this site , you can get it from walmart's website or even straight talk's website brand new for 129.00.

The Samsung Precedent is the same phone as the Samsung Prevail.  Both use the Sprint network, which provides good service in large cities, and on major highways connecting large cities.  I drove from Texas to Georgia and had a signal the entire trip, but I was always on a major highway.  Sprint does not have good coverage in small towns and rural areas.  If you are unsure about the Sprint signal in your area, talk to the folks at the Radio Shack store closest to your home, as their staff are usually well informed about signal issues in their own neighborhood.The phone works great IF you learn to delete apps that you don't use, move as many apps as possible to the memory card, learn to use the included task manager to clear memory after closing an app, and use the included power widget to turn off Bluetooth, GPS, and wireless when they are not actually needed.I also downloaded a data switch widget that makes it easy to turn off 3g when I am not on the internet.  I now can go 24 hours on a single charge, if I avoid watching videos...that will drain the battery rather fast.Check prices on the Prevail and Precedent carefully at Amazon.com, Radio Shack, and Wal-Mart.  They sometimes sell for as little as $75 and are easy to find for $150 or less.

Straight Talk is the worst wireless provider on Earth!!! They cap their data at very low usage.. After a week of data use (I don't use it much .. about 500mb) the speed drops down to 0.13mbps and it keeps cutting off. I had to reset my phone's internet 100 times a day to keep it working. The biggest hustle is when I tried to port my number, after several attempts to get in hold of there customer service (every time you call, they have high call volume and they cannot take the call!!) The account number needed for porting is the serial number of the first phone I activated the SIM card with. I have had several phones since I got ST. The customer service REFUSES to give out the account number because quote "The account number is confidential" even if you verify who you are. They kept transferring me from one India to an other who barely speak English!! I have had a horrible experience and almost lost the phone number that I had for more than 10 years!!! Stay away from this company.. It's a RIPOFF!!!!
