
This phone is a phone.  Nothing special.I decided to give this phone a shot because Verizon is lacking in quality txt focused phones.  I guess they do that as a way to funnel people into getting a pricier phone with a pricier plan.After about 2 months with this phone, I much rather have something with a physical keyboard.The virtual keyboard on this is tiny, and I don't have the most dainty of fingers.  Constantly having to rewrite my txt.The call quality is fine, but battery life seems pretty short for a dumb phone.Ultimately, if you are a person who sends a lot of txt messages, I'd stay away.I personally don't txt that much so i can live with it, for now.

When I First got it it was okay. Then it would have random things pop up that I didn't even push. I would have it on the table and it would bring up pictures. It almost seems like it's haunted.

This is a great phone that could. But that's the problem--it could do so many things--if only it had a beefier processor and/or better software, I would happily suggest it. But that's the problem. Great graphics with horrendous software--complete and utter zero when it comes to usability. It looks great, but functions as badly as it looks great.(a) Very slow response to touch(b) Badly designed wallpaper feature (does not show the picture up on the full screen if selected from the card)(c) I still cannot figure out how to customize the ringtone to my mp3, not the crap that is sent with the phone.(d) I still cannot figure out a one-click method to silence this phone.(e) Everytime I receive a call, and go through the poorly designed interface, before i can get the "answer" button to work on the gui, the call stops.

The Phones typing keys are too small and many of them take 4 or 5 times using a stylus to register. Dialing key pad keys are OK. Pantech forgot to install full upgrade of the Mobile Email so when the trial period is up you have no Mobile Email. Many free applications are not accepted by the phone for download.  Skype being on of many.  The battery has a very short life and has to be recharged.

This phone didn't work, tried to return in the 14 day grace period, phone was lot in shipping, they could see that and I still had to pay for this pice of crap for months till I finally got Verizon to make it right months later. I will never make this mistake again. Amazon is great for other things but avoid buying phones

I Have had no problems with this phone what-so-ever. If you are looking for a phone for the basic stuff( Calls and texting mostly) Then look no further. Have had this phone for 6 months or so and have had absolutely no problems. My Sister in-law has this phone also, and doesn't like it. Turns Out, if you have internet and like apps and whatnot, then this phone is a pain in the lower back area. However, If you want a basic, no-data phone that you will use primarily for the basic stuff. Then it has My recommendation.

bad phone!1. Shut down with no reason.2. calls are lost.I wish I didn't sign the 2 year contract.I will not use any phone from Pantech andVerizon.

This is the best phone i have ever owned and iv had alot. Its has a very good batterylife. It is very userfriendly but not so simple its boring. The ony back side is the tiny touch qwerty keys.but it is a amazing phone and thats saying alot beacause i normaly hate pantech

I wanted a touch screen phone without a data plan and this is the only one that Verizon offers.  I've had it about a month now and am VERY happy with it so far.  It is one of the lightest and thinnest phones I've seen.  People with Iphones are jealous of it in fact.  I've had no issues whatsoever and love the touch for texting, although I have to use a stylus because my fingernails seem to get in the way but that's okay.  Still easy to text.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone that doesn't want a data plan.

Be warned. This phone is EXTREMELY laggy when it comes to doing anything. Texting is crap on this even if you try to type slow. If you try to type slow, sometimes it still wont pick up the letter you put. If you want to press anything, the phone takes its sweet time to do it. Music is crap because anytime you move your phone while the music is playing, the music will stop then start again. The only thing the phones got going for it is the battery life which is about 3 to 4 days on full charge. This phone should be less than free, as a matter of fact, verizon should pay YOU for getting this phone. I think i forgot to mention this abomination of a phone is laggy as hell...... Steer away from this...this...turd....this steaming pile of crap that is the Pantech Hotshot.

I got the Hotshot because I wanted an upgrade from my LG Chocolate. At first, it was pretty amazing: the touch screen was responsive, it's very light, and the battery life was pretty good. But in about a month, the phone notified me that there was an available update. Thinking it would only make me phone better, I let it update. This may be a sheer coincidence, but after the update, my phone seemed to slow down. There would be a a 5 second lag from when I press a button and when it would run on the screen. The phone would randomly turn off and back on by itself, usually during a call, receiving a call, or listening to music. At times, the touch screen would stop working, so I would have to remove the battery, put it back in, and turn it on. But despite that, everything else seems to work fine. If you think you can deal with these minor problems, then I wish the best of luck to you. (:

I usually do my homework before purchasing any new "big" item and I consider my phone a big one. So I read the reviews on this phone and thought, "I can deal with that." BUT I CAN'T! There is no way to calibrate the screen to your touch, so you have to adjust to the calibration already set on the phone. Also, there is no way to turn off the beeping sound when you press a button. So when you are texting, there is constant beeping. Also, when I am checking my voicemail and I need to enter my PIN or when I am making a call and there are options, the phone acts up and won't let me access the keypad and most of the time I get logged out from no response. It is very aggravating. There isn't any way to set your text format to T9 or anything like that. It is regular Abc texting and you have to change it every time you text if you want something else. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this phone. It looks nice, feels nice and seems like a great phone. But it isn't. I'm switching back to my LG Chocolate Touch.Update: After a comment was made on my review, I searched Google and found a way to turn off the beeping while texting (even though it wasn't clear upon first look that that was the option for turning off the sound). However, after extensive searching, I am still not able to find where to change the T9 input setting on the text. Also, as I have kept using it, I have learned to adjust to the touch setting. I'm still not a fan, but it's not as bad as I initially thought. Still, not as good as my LG Chocolate Touch.

Well i tried this phone and it was the worst phone ever,I hate to text with this phone the key pad do not respond to touch at all and its to small, but it dose have good sound quality and the speaker phone works well so if you are just getting this phone for talk and nothing else then OK its good but if you want to text  and talk then you should look for another phone i am getting another phone because this phone is the worst Verizon what were you thinking about when you made this phone.

I purchased this phone as a replacement for my beloved Dare phone which after 4 years the speaker gave out. This hotshot would lock up several times a day. It would ring and I would have to pop out the battery, turn it back on, wait for it to come back up...then call the person back..Ridiculas....it also would not stay synced to my car phone system..probably because of the previously mentioned problem...very disappointing.

My brother and I both have a Pantech Hotshot phone. My parents purchased it for us about 8 to 9 months ago. Me being 14 and him being 16, we do text almost non-stop. This phone freezes, shuts off randomly, and barlely holds a charge. My brother's phone has been sent to the factory over three times and the problem is fixed for about a week then it goes back to the way it was. Mine wasn't too bad at first, it froze and all that, but nothing serious. A few months later, my neighbor (who's in his late 30's) got the phone and he is dissatisfied. He's not a big into texting as much as my brother and I are, but the freezing happened to him often. To be honest, if I was asked about this phone; I wouldn't reccomend it to anyone. You're better off buying an LG Octane, or something simple and it will cost you less money in the longrun than using this phone.

My Samsung Sway was dying after many years of abuse, and my ideal replacement phone was as thin as the sway, not a smart phone, and on Verizon's network.  The hotshot was the only phone meeting these criteria offered at the time of purchase (early 2012), so I reluctantly ordered one despite fairly poor reviews.  My phone works much better than reviews led me to expect, and I am satisfied.Positives:+ Amazing battery life, even for a non-smart phone.  4-5 days easily.+ Good call quality+ Decent camera+ Loud and clear speaker -- you can even listen to music from the phone's speaker in the car driving at highway speeds.Real 3.5 mm headphones port makes it easy to use the phone to listen to music.+ Easy to interface with computer.  The mini SD card is buried under the battery, but you can transfer to/from it by connecting the computer and phone via USB cable.+ Of course, it is super thin!Negatives- Sluggish UI.  The phone is a little slow to react sometimes, and can skip when playing music.- Slightly creaky case.  Since there are no moving parts other than the buttons, I still expect the phone will physically outlast all the flip/slide style phones.- Minor UI design issues.  Most screens allow vertical or horizontal viewing, and rotate to adapt.  They forgot this feature on a few screens, and hitting a vertical screen when you have been doing things horizontally is a little annoying.- The touch screen keyboard is slightly smaller and more challenging to text with than the iphone.I don't use data, so I can't comment on those features.All in all, I am happy with my purchase.  Don't expect an iphone, and you wont be disappointed either.

At first I thought this phone was nice. It was new and sleek and had a touchscreen.Then I started using it for a while. It went from exciting to dull very quickly.Texting is a nightmare. It constantly misreads the letter I hit and generates odd words that nobody would use on a regular basis causing me to search through a list for the word I was  trying to use. Sometimes I don't realize it changes a word to something else and I end up sending someone a message that makes no sense. Which means I have to send it again after I fix it. (Not the worst thing in the world but it gets annoying after awhile.) When using the qwerty keypad, it is slow and registers that I hit letters I didn't, regularly requiring edits.I've gotten the hang of the texting issues after having the phone for several years but every once in a while it likes to freeze completely while texting and not register that I hit anything for a while. When it finally catches up it just inputs the last key I hit. So I type several words until I realize it's stuck, when it finally does it's thing, only one letter shows up. That is unless I hit the backspace last. Then it decides to erase the whole message.Using the phone for calls is okay. The sound is clear for the most part and it's a comfortable phone to use. Occasionally I get a text message in the middle of the call which causes the screen to light up. Sometimes this is no big deal but sometimes it decides to register that I am hitting buttons and before I know it I'm talking to no one.The camera on in this phone is basic. It works well in high sunlight but that's about it. Dim lighting is blurry and if I move the phone from the subject before a few seconds after hitting the button it turns out a really blurry mess. Most of the time an image is blurry.When I finally put music on my phone I thought it was the coolest thing ever, until I started listening to it. It skips every time the phone does anything. Every time I push a button the music skips. Or when the display turns on and off it skips. It even skips when the screen is off and it's just sitting there. The music volume options could be better as well. It is either really loud or, when I turn it down to the lowest setting,  a little less loud. Especially when I'm trying to use headphones.The battery has been pretty good. It stays charged for several days if I'm not constantly using it. It charges quickly and I'm pleased with the battery life.Another good thing about this phone is it's surprising durability. It's thin design means it's hard to hang on to and I've dropped it quite a few times. In the sink, on the sidewalk, skidding across the floor, and often down the stairs. It's held up for a year or two but recently I dropped it flat on its face and the screen cracked. Where it cracked was especially over the proximity sensor for making phone calls.  As a result the screen no longer turns on during calls making it impossible to enter numbers or hit the end button. This means I can no longer make phone calls or check my voicemail. It still works for texting and receiving calls but it's a hassle not being able to check voicemail.Overall this phone has served its purpose but I will not be getting another one.

Just a word of warning. The Mobile Email does not work on this phone. Apparently they were only installed with a trial version and cannot be updated to the full version. You will be able to use email until the trial is over, then it will be locked. Hope a fix comes out soon or I may have to warranty the phone.

This cell phone has too many problems.1. No ring when calls come in.2. Get frozen suddenly.3. Calls were cut off several times.4. Finally, black screen.

Never buy shuts of can't hang up after a call, you have to wait for the other person to hang up the screen kept freezing while i was typing plus on screen keys are to small

Not very touch sensitive, lags, hard to use and text. Would not recommend AT ALL. Also, very cheaply made. All this after one day of use. Wish I wasn't on a two year contract with this phone.

This is my second phone, my first being a Samsung Intensity. Now, I could talk good about that phone all day. It was a good no frills device, that did its job right.This phone (Hotshot) isn't one of those phones.I got an update to the firmware that was supposed to bring enhancements and upgrades to the phone, as far as I'm concerned, its still a bad phone.Minuses- Poor touch screen, locks up during texting. Occasionally deletes text from a message I'm trying to write due to the lockup.-Battery life's average at best-Phone is generally slow. Tends to run on the slow side for a lot of things. Lag = bad-Poor camera. Sure, it takes video, something my Intensity couldn't. But its poor quality.Slow processing and a bad screen are the two main complaints.Pluses+ Free 2 GB SD preloaded into phone. Unfortunately, you have to take the battery out to replace the card...+ Music function is alright. Better then expected.If I could, I'd give it 1.5/5 stars, but Amazon won't let me do that; Either way, avoid this phone. You could do better, far better, by putting up a little more money for anything else. Try a decent flip phone. They still make those, somewhere. XD

I renewed my contract with Verizon last year, and wanted a basic phone that didn't require a data plan. So this one looked nice. It had a big touchscreen, cost me a penny and was RED. wow! I had to get it. I initially had no problems with this phone, but maybe my standards were just ridiculously low. Fast forward a year and a half: battery barely holds a charge, phone turns on and off without warrant, touchscreen freezes up so that one backspace erases the whole text or it only records the 1 out of 10 keystrokes. If I don't password lock the phone, I'll butt dial two or three people. Last night I butt dialed 911. 10 minutes ago, I had this P.O.S. sitting out next to me. I WASNT EVEN TOUCHING IT. suddenly we're 30 seconds deep into a ghost call to the vet, and they probably heard the entire sex scene of the movie I was blasting. Nice going, scumbag phone.So needless to say, this phone has been a marathon of patience testing. I just ordered a new phone and I can't wait to pound a dozen nails into this one.

Well firstly, the phone has a very cool look and looks nice, but it freezes up a lot, is very slow when texting, it will randomly restart.  Especially when you're paying one-hundred dollars for this phone you would think that it would work a little better, if this phone would be faster and more reliable I would definitely recommend it, but as of now stick with a LG or something else.

This product deserves ZERO stars!I bought two Pantech Hotshot phones to replace my old Motorola Razrs. When verizon tried to activate them they weren't able to acquire a signal. That's right. Lousy antenna design means that there isn't a place in my house, in metropolitan Las Vegas Nv, that I can call out or receive a call on these cheap, junk, toys. Verizon offered me a solution, $150 out of my pocket for a network extender. What a deal, and no guarantee the phones will work anywhere else. I think not. These phones are junk, and that's being polite!

i absoultely hate this phone, this is the worst phone i have ever had ! the screen stalls, and powers off all the time !

My wife wanted a touch screen phone and this seemed to fit that requirement.  Sound is good.  Reception is fine.  No dropped calls yet.  She does not really text that much.  Apps are few for this phone and they are too expensive. (Who pays $1.99 a month for solitaire?  I wish there was a android phone with wi-fi and no data plan that did not cost an arm and a leg. Price was great here on AmazonWireless.  If you really read the specs for this phone and know what you are getting I think you should enjoy this handset.  I'll try to update in a month or two.

This is absolutely the worse phone I have ever had. It turns off randomly, drops calls, and they keyboard is crap, texting is almost impossible to do. Not only was the phone awful but Verizon did not stand behind their product at all and want over $100 for an upgrade. Do not buy this phone.

I activated the pantech hotshot a few days before Christmas. It was an easy to use touchscreen cell phone. I started taking pictures, and customizing the phone the way that I wanted it. The camera takes good pictures in well-lit areas. The keyboard for texting was a good size but it was a slow experience. The touchscreen is not multi-touch, so it doesn't recognize two fingers touching the screen. Calling was good on this phone. When I put music on the phone, the speakers were loud and clear. After playing around with the phone, I decided to go on the mobile web, since I do have a data package. The Opera Mini Web Browser was well organized and easy to use. When it came to typing in a website or typing in general, it was horrible. The keyboard on the mobile web is too small! When it is in portrait mode, the keys were bigger than in landscape mode. I would press the wrong keys on accident and typing in the mobile web just made it very frustrating. When I would watch videos on YouTube, the video was very small and I just didn't use the web at all! The phone is good when you don't use any web related things on it. Overall, it is good for pics/videos, calling, texting, and other basic functions. The phone would shut down about 3 times out of the day. The battery life became shorter and drained very quickly. After a while, I decided to purchase the LG enV touch. I wanted the touchscreen and a physical QWERTY keyboard and flash in the camera. Happy with the decision I made!

this is by far the worst phone i have ever owned. the touch screen randomly locks up and you are literally locked out of your phone unless you take the battery out and restart the phone. also when i am making phone calls the phone will randomly turn off. very annoying, very frustrating. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.

This phone looks nice but it not!!!!! Verizon has replaced this phone for both my self and my husband 4 times in 18 months. We go it because we only need a basic phone with text messaging, we don't use a bunch of stuff that other phone offer. However, it freeze up all the time, it will all of the sudden decide to shut down and it can take a long time to get it back up and running again. I do not recommend getting this phone ever.

This phone is horrible. I hate it. The predictive text gives you words that aren't even words. You can turn the phone  sideways and type your text but if you have fat fingers don't even attempt. You have to press the screen really hard and it still doesn't work right. When you try to unlock the phone to answer you hang up on the caller. It is cheap and crap and I want my old phone back. You can't send a picture text with a message. Don't waste your time! $0.01 is way too much to pay for it.

I have been stuck with this piece of junk for a year and a half now. I bought it online through verizon and it worked perfectly fine until a few months into my contract. Verizon wouldn't take the phone back and get me something new for the same price, so I was stuck with it. The texting on it sucks, when I text someone the touch screen will randomly stop working and it will lag or miss letters that I had pressed. When I make phone calls to places that use a touch tone menu, the phone will blink off and on and I will often have to re-call the number. The sound on my phone went out almost a year ago, so I haven't had any type of sound/ringtone at all. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. It is a big pile of junk. I wish that I could be reimbursed.

This phone is pretty cheap quality. It lets you listen to music while you do other things like text, but the catch is every time you hit a button or change screens the music skips. Its slow when texting, even without playing music in the background. Its very slow to send picture messages. I know no phone can send a pic message as fast as a regular text, but my old LG Octane was much faster. I like the design and features and just how the phone is set up in general, but its slow and glitchy which pretty much ruins it. I wish I hadnt broke my Octane, I dont think I can handle this phone for 2 years.

My LG Dare tragically stopped working this week, and I was seriously devastated. I LOVE my Dare, and I'm still getting over it. I got the Pantech Hotshot in the hopes that it would be similar. It looks sleek, but...The screen is so unresponsive and slow, and it doesn't respond at all if I use just my fingernail to tap the screen, which is what I'm used to doing. The vibration when I touch the screen feels cheap and texing is a nightmare.It's difficult trying to text because the screen is so slow at picking up my touch. I have to slow way down and continually go back and correct myself. The way texting is set up is way different from LG phones as well. Instead of being able to hit "next" you have to scroll through a list of words the phone thinks you want. I haven't found a quick way to make a smiley face (on the LG Dare, you just press 1 two times), and I'm forced to navigate through the symbols to find a colon and parenthesis. To top it all off, the phone defaults to "g" instead of "i" when using the 12-number keypad (rather than the qwerty keyboard) for texting. "g love you"?? No. I want my Dare back!

I was really anxious to upgrade to a touch screen phone, but I didn't want to renew my contract with Verizon. When I saw this phone for a penny with a two-year contract, I  thought I'd just go for it. I can't say enough bad things about this phone. Maybe I just got stuck with a lemon, but I feel compelled to warn others about the defects I've encountered.First of all, if you do a lot of texting, this isn't the right phone. The virtual keypad is difficult to impossible to use. You really need to buy a stylus or you'll be hitting all the wrong keys. And really, if you're going to type with what amounts to one finger, texting gets old real fast.Next, the send key is at the bottom of the screen so that it's easy to hit it while typing in any letters on the bottom row of the keyboard. I can't even count how many incomplete texts I've sent because of this.Then there's that little screen with the drop-down menu that gives you a list of words to choose from, once you type the first couple of letters. What's with that? When texting, you don't type in whole words. At least I don't, because I have a limited number of texts every month. But texting is also my main means of communicating with my sister, so I need to have something reliable. And you can't turn off the drop-down feature, so it's there interfering with your view of your message. I read the entire instruction booklet, and I can't find anything indicating how to turn off this feature.Then there's the little problem of answering calls. How many calls are you willing to miss because, when you go to drag up the screen to unlock the phone, it doesn't work? I've gotten to the point where I almost threw the phone against the wall because of this. And I have all the patience in the world. But this phone has me so upset, I turn into a raving lunatic when this happens. And it happens often.The only other feature I can speak about is the camera, which is not even worth using.Since I don't use any other features on this phone, I can't trash them.Please save yourselves the frustration of ending up with this truly awful phone. When I finish this review I'm heading out to the Verizon store to have my old phone reactivated.

this phone is okayi bought it as a replacement for my other phone.pros: thinlighttouch screendigital qwertybattery life longcons: freezes a lotmusic always skipswhen you use the digital qwerty, the phone freezes a lotgood starter phonewouldnt reccomend it for heavy texters

This is an elegant (and low cost) alternative to push button flip phones for those of us who don't see going to a data plan and therefore do not need an i-Phone of equivalent.  Nice software QERTY keyboard for texting and entering contact info.  Pretty good camera. Good battery life and good audio quality.  Probably does poorly if you try web browsing and other real smart phone features.  But as a high end basic phone, it is excellent.

I bought this for my daughter and she loves the phone. We have not had any problems with it since we bought it.

No, I am not a spokesman for Pantech....lol.  This phone is really a great device. If you are looking for a phone that is touch screen and thin and doesn't need a data plan than look no further. I own an ITouch and a Creative Labs 10" tablet. I like both of them very much. The touch screen quality on this phone is somewhere between the Itouch and the tablet. It does stick on occasion but just be patient and it will come. You can get alot of features that are almost as good as a smart phone but at half the price. It was between the new IPhone and the pantech. I chose the pantech because I dont need data. Its not an IPhone but it come very close.Pros:- Touch screen is good- no data plan- very thin- good features- camera is nice too.Cons:- Can't update firmware- Touch screen can freeze once in a while but not for more than about 10 seconds- still need to use data to get some cool features

Absolutely the worst phone I've ever had to use. It makes daily life much more frustrating and takes up valuable time. I wouldn't let Verizon pay ME to use this phone.Where to start? Let's look at the touch screen. It is dumbly unresponsive, slow, and lags. This causes you to miss calls when trying to unlock. Also, the touch screen at times becomes completely unresponsive- requiring you to pull the battery out to reset the phone because you can't even unlock it.Let's talk about texting. Near impossible to do it in a timely manner on this phone. The touch screen can't keep with what you're typing, so often it will lag- when the lag ends, the phone will miss certain letters you've typed and ultimately the entire sentence you just typed is ruined and comes out incorrectly. Along with this, the t9 word function SUCKS. Type a word such as "hello" and it will write hfkko - WTF?This is also the only phone I've had that will DISPLAY ADS at any given time- could be texting, could be taking a picture- and ad banners run across the bottom of the screen. Seriously?The camera is horrible, the memory space sucks, the phone randomly drops calls, and the navigation is slow and delayed. Oh, and the phone has randomly turned off at any given point since I've had it; even during important phone calls.The second I buy an Iphone I am throwing this thing against the wall and never looking back.

I have had this phone for about 6 months now.pros : Good Battery, decent camera, pretty solid in designCons: Very slow to respondTexting issues. Characters don't send to screen.Freezes on Verizon Splash screen randomlyRandom calls to contacts and/or recent callsAlarm Clock bugs. Setting multiple alarms for different days causes issues.No software updates for quite sometime and phone is still available in stores.I am about to go back to my samsung rogue or Alias II. I like basic phones because it saves a lot of money, but they really have been putting out some lame ones out because of they want to move everyone to smart phones.

I love this phone. I replaced my broken chocolate touch with this phone.  For someone who doesn't want to spend the money on a data plan, this phone is a perfect fit.  This isn't a smart phone, but it is great for someone who wants a touch phone.  Good reception, easy to use and very thin and light. It does take a little getting used to if you have never used a touch screen.  I wouldn't recommend it for heavy texters. I love that I can use the internet and chck my email with ease. All in all I am very pleased.

Please read my 7/9/12 update.My fiance and I both have LG Chocolate Touch phones. After nearly 2 years of use, my phone works perfectly, but her internal speaker started to fail, probably the result of too many drops in the driveway, so I replaced her Chocolate with a Pantech Hotshot, primarily due to the lack of basic phone choices (those that don't require a data plan).  Out of the box, my first impression was that the candy apple red color looks nice.  The touch screen on the Hotshot is the same size as the Chocolate (3.2 inches), but the Hotshot is a bit longer (by about 1/2 inch) and 1/2 the thickness of the Chocolate.  It's so thin, in fact, that it's somewhat difficult to hold flat in your hand.  I'm hoping a silicon case will add some thickness and make the phone easier to hold.  The touch menu of the Hotshot is similar to the Chocolate, but I find myself continually pressing the camera button on front to activate the phone, which it doesn't do.  The On/Off button is oddly situated on top of the phone.  On receipt, I fully charged the Hotshot and the next day my fiance and I took it into a Verizon store to transfer contact data from the Chocolate to the Hotshot, and for activation. The Hotshot died 1/2 way through the transfer process. Verizon gave it enough of a charge in-store to complete the transfer and activate.  We got the phone home and left it on the wall charger overnight. By the next evening, and without any use whatsoever, the phone was showing no bars on the battery indicator.  Assuming a defective battery, I contacted Pantech and Amazon for a replacement. Pantech requires return of the old battery before they'll issue a replacement, which is fine if you don't mind being without a phone for 3 weeks.  Amazon, a company with the best returns policy of any e-tailer I've dealt with, sells the phone only and doesn't have a surplus of batteries and spare parts to give, so they arranged for a replacement phone to be shipped to me, along with a return label for the defective phone. At the time I purchased the Hotshot it was newly released and so there weren't many reviews.  In hind sight, I wish there'd been more reviews or that I'd done more research on Pantech products prior to purchasing the Hotshot because a common complaint among owners of this brand of cell phone is that they suffer from shorter than average battery life.  According to the specs, a full battery charge is supposed to provide 5 hours of talk time and 14 days standby, but based on other reviews I read and my own experience with this phone, those claims are grossly overstated. The replacement phone is scheduled for delivery tomorrow. I'll post a follow-up to this review to report the length of battery life I'm experiencing with the replacement phone.UPDATE 2/6/12: The replacement phone is working well and doesn't suffer from the same short battery life as the first phone.  My fiance (there's a ring but no date) reports that after some period of prolonged use, she really likes the phone and says the speaker quality is better than the LG Chocolate it replaced. Also, after I wrote my original review, I purchased an inexpensive silicon case, which adds the bit of thickness this phone needed to make it easier to hold and use.  I, on the other hand, am not entirely sold on this phone (especially its length, which is longer than the LG Chocolate) so I'm holding out replacing my LG Chocolate until, in my opinion, a suitable (basic phone not requiring a data plan) replacement comes along.UPDATE: 7/9/12: For the past few months, the phone has been acting up with the touch screen failing to respond. Generally removing the battery and replacing it will correct the problem, so I replaced the battery thinking it was at issue, given the problem I had with the original battery, but the touch screen problem persists.  I never experienced these sort of problems any of the LG or Motorola phones I've owned, not even after 2 years of ownership. Based on my experience with this phone, I'll never buy another Pantech product or recommend Pantech to anyone.  FYI, my 3 year old LG Chocolate Touch continues to work flawlessly.

Ok I had the Cocoate touch from verizon before I got this phone and now I got this phone during e summer time and I got it from bestbuy for $0.00 and decide to buy it cus it looks just like the iPhone so I brought It and took it home and not even 24 hours it started freezing and being e camera doesn't even work anymore. Went back to bestbuy and they said to call verizon so I decide to go across the shopping center to verizon instead and told them and they said you need to call tech support so I did after I left and they said to me we going todo a hard restore and see if it still froze and which it did and they said we will send you a new one and I told them no I want another free upgrade and which they did for me and now I have the iPhone 5. BEWARE THIS PHONE FREEZES AND CAMERA BUTTON WILL NOT WORK HAFT THE TIME.

I got this phone because it was free on my plan and all the other phones cost at least 50 dollars.  I very quickly found it annoying, but decided to keep using it in the hopes that these minor annoyances would pass. They did not. They only got worse. Much much worse.Cons:- Touchscreen often fails to respond, or responds with significant delay. This causes you to be unable to answer calls even when you press the "pick up" 3 times and wait 20 seconds for it to work. Many times I have typed ENTIRE SENTENCES on the touch screen, the phone does nothing, and then 10 seconds later like 3 letters appear. When I tap the "backspace" button, it freezes, and then deletes the entire text message.- User Interface is flawed, several graphical bugs occur during phone use. Not all of them interfere with use of the phone, but still show how carelessly it was designed. Some of them very much do interfere with phone usage.- Comes pre-installed with junkware (Ads for crap you don't want)- The following is the procedure I need to go through to send a text message to my friend Steve:Turn On -> Slide Unlock -> Contacts -> S -> Steve -> Text -> Add Text -> (Actually Typing Message) -> Done -> Send. Seriously WHO THE F*K designed this.- Camera app is very poorly designed.- Calender app is very poorly designed- Lots of messages/titles are worded poorly or wrong (Outgoing Calls is labeled as "Dialed Call From:", even tough it is a call dialed TO that person)- No really... it's like the entire interface was designed by first year computer science students who just took a single course in intro programming/app development (and failed it).- half the time you press something, it just does nothing. Then you wait 5 seconds and press it again, and it presses it twice and opens something you don't wantPros:- Light- Thin- Durable enough that it has not yet broken from the many times i threw it against a wall or floor in infuriating frustration. Before you ask, these problems led to my throwing the phone... not vice-versa.TL;DR:The entire development team for the user interface and processor on this phone should be immediately fired. Your phone is bad and you should feel bad.

I got this phone about a month ago and I am not very impressed. The calibration on this phone is horrible. I have to touch the screen like four times for anything to happen.

Iam seeing a comon problem with the phones that have blue tooth. those phones eat the bateries even if you don't use blue tooth check to make sure its off they use blue tooth to transfer your information and they don't always turn that off, so any phones that have blue tooth make sure blue tooth is off.

I had great hopes for the Hotshot as a replacement for my LG Dare. I liked the thin form factor and for my use the touchscreen and battery life were fine. Within the first few days it began to lockup just sitting in my pocket with the screen locked requiring a battery pull to make it operational again. This became more and more frequent over the first 2 months to the point it became a daily occurrence. Half the time I received a call, I would have to pull the battery to reset the phone and call back. Any phone first and foremost has to be able to reliably answer and make calls anytime the phone is on. This phone simply can't, making it worthless in spite of anything else it may do well. I got this phone when the lcd on my Dare cracked and the Hotshot looked like the closest thing that Verizon offered in feature phones. Luckily I fixed my Dare with a used lcd and reactivated it in place of the Hotshot. When it works it is a nice phone but the reoccurring wonky touchscreen issue makes it impossible to recommend the Hotshot.

I have been a Verizon customer for MANY years and have had wonderful phones. This one however, is horrible!!!!!!! The touch screen is a joke. It is so slow that it is frustrating. When you are on a call and have to put in pin #, passwords, etc. it is a pain.Would NEVER recommend this phone. It is junk. Pure junk!

This phone is without a doubt the worst wireless phone our family has had over several years.  With 5 phone lines and two careless teenagers, we've had a lot of phones over time.  This one was my selection for just a basic phone.  I don't use it for anything else and would barely consider what I do as WORKING with the phone.  The phone is S L O W even trying to answer an incoming call. The answer button is too close to the disconnect button. I wait thinking I've answered a call and nothing happens.  I "answer" again and it disconnects because I haven't given it long enough.  I am almost to the point of paying full price for a different phone as I so am so unhappy with this one.  Don't waste your time or money, even one cent is a waste.

After having this phone for about a half a year, I have to admit, It is an ok phone. It is very basic and should be mainly a first phone. The touch screen can become a little unresponsive if you have a lot of memory build up, (Messages and photos etc.) but builds your patients. Now if you really enjoy listening to music, defiantly get this phone! It comes with a 2 gigabyte memory card and I have over 100 songs. Video is also pretty good. I would recommend getting an 8 gig memory card so you don't have to worry at all about how much space you have left for a very long time.Hope this helps your decision!

I'd love to have an iPhone, but refuse to pay for a data plan.  I've had the Pantech Hotshot for a couple of months and have been satisfied with it in most respects.Things I like:- It's thin but solid construction- The touch screen is reasonably good (don't expect iPhone performance it's more like your car's GPS touch sensitivity)- Decent reception and battery life.  I live in a town of 50,000 that has good tower coverage.- Durable - I put mine through the washing machine and after a day in front of a fan, it came back like new.Things that annoy:- The display turns off when the phone is held vertically (how you typically hold it when you're talking on it).  Sometimes this happens when I'm texting though.  It requires a couple button pushes to bring it back.- It takes about 30 seconds for the phone to go to sleep and I haven't found the short cut to disengage the touch screen.  As a result, sometimes when I drop it in my pocket, i can hear it beeping and have to pull it out to make sure it's not calling someone.- Battery life is okay, not great.

Worst phone ever. Has the worst text. Also the scream suck. Save your money and don't buy it trust me

I've had this phone for 3 months now and it worked well for the first month. However, after just a few weeks I began having several problems. The touch screen is very frustrating for a few reasons. One, it freezes when you text on it. Another issue I have is it doesn't always sense that you've touch the screen at all. For example, when I try to hit the end call button, it often times doesn't react. Every once in a while I can get the phone to recognize I am hitting the end call button but more times than not I have to wait for the other person to hang up. Just as I have issues ending a call, I also have experienced problems with answering calls because the phone doesn't recognize I have touched the answer call button. My last reason for not liking the touch screen is that the individual number/letter buttons are too small. This makes it very difficult to text efficiently. I have now gotten to the point where it is easier to just simply call someone rather than text them, which can be very inconvenient. I have become so tired of this phone that I have actually decided to get an iPhone because I am tired of purchasing poorly made basic phones that only last a few months at best. While I do not like this phone at all, there are a few good things about it. I like that the sound is easy to hear so that even though I have difficulties with the phone before and after the conversation, during them my phone is fine. The camera is what you would expect with a basic phone, not grand but it works. One thing I did really like about this phone is that it is very stylish and a good weight. As far as web browsing goes, I do not have a data plan so I can not speak for that, but I have heard many negatives about it. All in all, I'd rather have a phone that doesn't make me want to slam it into the ground after every use than one that is stylish, has a sub-par camera and decent sound.

I thought the Pantech Hotshot would be a cool touch-screen experience without having to pay for a data plan. It is NOT anywhere near a smart phone. Myself and 3 others in my family all replaced our aging phone with this unit.Being that I use an iPod Touch and an Acer Iconia Tab tablet daily, I may be biased towards text input that simply works.The processing speed of the Hotshot is unbearable. It may take several seconds for a button press to be registered.The biggest concern I have with my $0.01 purchase is texting. This is likely very important to many people these days and it does not work well. A word may be lost with slow processor speed and you only type 3 letters out of 15. Then you backspace ONCE, and it erases everything.Additionally, the phone has CRASHED (ie shutoff and takes a long time to reboot) when making or receiving calls. I consider this a threat to safety in an emergency and I'm looking for other options. My LG env2 that I used in 2008 is still working better, and I may just switch back or get a SMART phone, not a mere touch screen.

We bought this for our daughter who isn't quite ready for a smartphone. It's perfect for all her. She loves it!!

I've had this phone for 2 months. I cannot believe the problems I've had.1. I've had calls go to voicemail because I cannot get the phone to unlock.2. Touchscreen is horrible, either does not recognize or says something different than entered.3. Incoming and outgoing calls are lost due to NO sound at earpiece.4. Makes calls on it's own without ANY input from you. Yes, you read that right, makes calls by itself!5. Cycles on and off by itself. (concerned about battery life?) It does this over and over and over.6. Says that call is working, (timer is working) but cuts off both ends of call.7. Constant popup apps that it wants you to buy or use. Navigator, voice recognition and others.8. I ended a call and when I hit "end call" it popped up a map of the middle east. Are you kidding?9. In the middle of a call I was going to hit end call and somehow was leaving a memo on the phone?10. Does not play nice with bluetooth earpiece. Tells earpiece "battery low" even when fully charged.11. I spent an hour in V having the person doing a complete restore to the phone, it did nothing.12. I've made numerous calls and had the timer showing over 1:00 and not connecting. That's good for minutes used.How does a phone with so MANY flaws make it into production? I have a new phone in transit (same one because V will not let me change it and I'm locked into a 2 yr contract with this freaking phone). As I am writing this, this phone is sitting on my desk cycling the screen on and off by itself. This phone is a joke.Update with phone #2I returned the second phone they sent me for these reasons.1. It was shutting off phone calls while IN THE MIDDLE of a conversation to PROMOTE AN APP!2. The touch screen will not work at times. BTW there are NO adjustments to the touchscreen like other phones.3. The phone was not ringing until it told me there was a message. I thought I was just not receiving a good signal which was sending callers to voicemail. Nope. While sitting on my desk, the screen lit up saying I was getting a call. No ringing and no vibrate even though both were turned on.This phone is a POC.Update with phone #3This phone is getting returned also.1. While in the middle of a conversation with a client, the phone shuts off and restarts. That's great for customer relations.2. Keeps disconnecting my bluetooth earpiece. I have to completly remove the battery to get it to reset.3. Pop up apps that it wants you to buy is rude, rude, RUDE! I'm not buying your apps because this freaking phone would screw them up too!4. Touch screen is just as bad as the previous two phones. How many times should I have to hit "end" to get it to end the call?5. If you have read this far, you will like this. I have the phone on my desk. I have my bluetooth on and walk out of the room. My bluetooth says "phone disconnected". Then it says "phone connected" and I hear the phone making a call, turns out to be the last person that called me. "Hello this is so and so" and I say, "I'm so sorry my phone just called you by itself". I hang up and walk out of the room again. "Phone disconnected". I think, no way it would call someone twice by itself. "Phone connected".....ring....."Hello this is so and so". Yea, I have to APOLIGIZE AGAIN FOR THIS FREAKING PHONE MAKING CALLS ON IT'S OWN!!6. THIS PHONE IS POSSESSED!!! IT IS THE PLAGUE OF PHONES!! THIS PHONE IN THE HANDS OF SOMEONE VIOLENT WILL CAUSE MURDER SPREES! IF YOU EVER LISTEN TO A STRANGER, LISTEN TO ME, DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!!!Final update.I have received a Samsung phone to replace this piece of crap, but not before it did this.1. While walking around with phone in my pocket, my bluetooth says "outgoing call". The phone randomly picked out someone and made it's own call to them. I scrambled to turn it off. Put it back in my pocket and "outgoing call". It called a different number randomly on it's own.2. Something this phone has always done but I had no way of knowing if it was the phone or my bluetooth. When connected the bluetooth is always saying "phone one, battery is low". It did this EVERY TWO MINUTES. It would cut off converstions and I would have to keep asking, what did you just say? If I was not on a call it would still say this EVERY TWO MINUTES. It would even do this with the phone still hooked up to the charger and fully charged. Now that I have a new phone, it does not do this at all.

I dropped this phone in salt water, pulled it out and wiped in on my jeans.  When I got back to the car, I took the battery out, feeling it was probably useless and dead.  When I got home about an hour later, I put the battery back in and it worked! Haven't had one problem with it.  This is, however, a replacement for a new one that had speaker problems.  The guy on the line at Verizon suggested that I get a refurbished replacement since they are quality checked, whereas most of the new ones are not.  Good tip!

I have had this phone for three months now and can honestly say this is the worst touchscreen interface of any product I have ever used.  It's been mentioned quite a bit in other reviews about how unresponsive, slow, and uncooperative the touch screen has been, but I cannot stress enough to some of you who think they can live with this that it is a deal breaker.  It usually takes quite a few taps before it makes a selection, whether it be answer call or choosing a contact or trying to select a song to play.  Half the time you'll end up choosing the wrong action because it did not understand your swipe and you'll have to start all over.  Even after a few software updates it still is slow and fails to recognize taps.  The screen displays pictures nicely, but it refuses to load any pictures I import via bluetooth or memory card, even if I resize them to the phones dimensions.  The music player takes forever to load for just one gigabyte of songs and has a terrible interface and again poor touch controls to really do anything with.  The BREW OS is awful since it makes it impossible to customize or add homebrew games and apps.  The only reason it gets two stars is the good battery life, it's incredibly lightweight and thin, and does have a nice camera and displays pictures taken on the phone very well.  Verizon really should let customers use smartphones without having to purchase an expensive data plan.  That way we wouldn't get suckered into purchasing cheap knockoffs like this Pantech Hotshot.

DO NOT BUY! I got this phone as an upgrade and it is UNUSABLE so i am looking for a different one. It is unusable because of the touch screen. It lacks sensitivity. When i text it always lags and skips letters that i text. The menu layout is nice, but the damn voice command button is in a horrible place that it keeps on being pressed. I had an emergency and the phone continued to lag in between button presses that it skrewed up my phone calls since i was in a rush. This is NOT a good phone.

I got this phone for 1 penny, worth all of that, but not much more.The phone shuts off whenever it feels like it, while texing or talking.If you have any kind of temper stay away from this phone, mine wound up in pieces after throwing it against the wall.I gave it one star because you can't give 0STAY AWAY.

This is only good for use as an emergency phone for leaving in the car in case something bad happens. As a phone, sound quality is poor. Texting is terrible on this touch screen. I've used other touch screens, so I have a basis for comparison. This cost me a penny, and I got what I paid for. I've since linked an old phone to my account so I don't have to use this one. Don't waste your money.
