
I purchased this phone about a week ago in spite of the negative reviews. Having using it intensively - at home and on the road, I'm really impressed for what what it cost ($129 at WalMart). I've experienced none of the problems stated in these reviews except that I wish the screen was slightly bigger for easier keyboard use. But, I resolved this by using the "speak" app. Wow! As for the battery life - the first couple days were disappointing since I was constantly using wifi, GPS, maps, etc. After settling down and selecting 2g instead of 3g, the battery life increase big-time - almost 2 full days even with notifications on and checking e-mail a few times a day with light internet and call use. Picks up wifi easily at public hotspots such as at the airport. As routine, I put the phone on the charger every night. I did shut off the gps but the wifi stays on. I use Task Manager to stop apps that are not needed. I do not have a data plan - just bare bones voice and text extra ($.20 per message) with T-Mobile. The phone is fast, responsive, well built and has a small footprint. I inserted the micro sd card right out of my old BB Bold - picture, music worked perfectly. The sim card worked flawlessly transfered from the Blackberry. I'd say this phone over the five year old BB is a lightyear ahead. The camera is basic but I'd rather use a stand-alone if I need great pictures. Otherwise, this will do in a pinch. I recommend this phone if all you're looking for is a reliable, basic small, smart phone at a very affordable price.

phn is great works and does more than i thouth it would.the touchscreen keyboard is a lil too small for me but the talk to text works great so its not a problem.wud recommend to other

I have to preface this with the comment that I have stupid thumbs. They just do not like to hit the right key on the tiny keyboard and I misspell things a lot when I text. I have to text slowly when I really want to type at speed. But I attribute that to human error.The only thing I don't like about this phone is the lack of memory. I have to constantly go though my pictures and delete them or email them to myself to store on my computer. I have the SD card, but nothing saves to it, so I may as well not have one. I'm pretty device-savvy and can figure out most devices, but I haven't figured out how to transfer anything to the SD card. In an effort to save my pictures, I've deleted all non-essential apps and use my phone for talking, texting, and very basic web surfing.On the positive side, it does link into wi-fi really easily. It also has a nicely sensitive screen. Not too sensitive, but not too tough, either. It's a good, basic beginner Adnroid phone, but I'm ready for an upgrade in less than a year.

Ive had this phone awhile. I still like it for it's size. I dont care for the tablet phones and T Mobile has the least drop calls in my neighborhood. The only problem now it's Android version is really old so I hope samsung makes a Dart 2 with at the least a Jelly Bean android base since Kit Kat is to be releases and more internal memory. But the battery seems good seems to hold a charge and you can't ask for much more than that

The speed on this phone is incredible... Incredibly slow. The internet, slow. Texting, slow. Moving from one screen to the next, slow. Typing, pictures, loading, calling, slow slow slow. God speed to anyone in a rush.

I've read many reviews prior to my decision to buy the Dart.  I was skeptical to say the least, as many reviews pooh-poohed the Dart.  As a pay-as you-go T-Mobile customer and owning a simple cell phone, I felt the need to step up and purchase a more versatile phone.  I didn't want to be so outdated.  The Dart being an "entry level" android smart phone at a very reasonable price seemed like a no-brainer.As a newbie in the world of smart phones, I was pleasantly surprised.  I'm sure most of the reviewers I've read own a far more superior smart phone than the Dart.  This may be the reason they were downplaying the Dart.  For $149, the screen resolution is better than expected.  The feel of the phone is nice.  The touch screen is wonderful.  The volume is very good.  The day pass to the web is $1.49 for 40MB of download at 3G speed.  After that it's 2G.  I don't need the web for business or any function other than occasional use, so the $1.49/3G/2G is fine with me.  The call quality is very good.  The QWERTY keyboard is very functionable, and  I haven't tried the Swype function yet.I upped the 2GB microSD card to 8GB so I can upload my MP3s, and photos, + other files from my computer.I can see why people get hooked on smart phones.  They are almost addictive.  I can't seem to put mine down.After I use the web, and other applications, and I think I have them closed, I see that my battery drains very fast.  One of the many useful shortcuts I added to my home page is "Task Manager".  I open this shortcut often and close all active applications.  My battery lasts much longer.Pros - Just about everything for the $149 in a "pay as you go" plan.Cons - The camera is somewhat adequate and video camera leaves much to be desired.  You need a steady and slow panning hand.  Quality - Eh!I recommend this phone.

great price new fast shipping

I bought a Samsung Dart with prepaid T-mobile yesterday. Interface dessign in cool, light weight phone. But the problem is battery life! They exchanged 1 with another Dart but it had the same problem. Both phone's battery gets drained out in few mins from 70 to 30%! And surprising, it charged from 25% to 75% later in no time. If it's defect in 1 phone, I can understand but 2 phones having same issue in 2 days!!? Not good.

This little thing I have had for a year now. The battery life surprises me. It warns you when you get down there but then it seems to limp along for a long time. It takes about 60 seconds to boot up, So when your battery runs out you can turn it off for an hour turn it on and then it goes on for the rest of the day. The sound is bright and clear...loud! the Bluetooth works with my headphones. I saw people talking about swype. Swype is a weird technology it's like skating around the polished floor in your socks...but the best feature of this phone is voice recognition. Add Google voice search to it and all of a sudden you can dictate all of your SMSes with pretty much top-of-the-line voice recognition. I added a police scanner app and it works like a scanner I know anything that's going on, right in my pocket.T-Mobile has improved their network coverage over the last nine months significantly too. I get blazing data speeds from them but it uses up pretty fast. This phone has a microSD slot so you can add tons of your own music to it. I have a couple of emulators and a bunch of vintage ROMs, older games play best.It's not a galaxy note... as long as you remember that you will love it. I'm starting to hate it because I don't need to upgrade. So you can spend $600 more on something which will work marginally better...if you want.It's funny the week after I published this review the phone started acting really weird turning itself on and off calling random people I have to take the battery out twice a day. It's like someone just needed the model number.

I usually buy household items from amazon rather than ebay just because I choose the items based on customer's reviews and I have been very happy with my (customer's) decisions.Sure enough, I am not the actual end-user of this item, but according to my 3rd grade daughter, she is VERY  happy with it.Thanks Amazon~~

Unfortunately (at least in my town) it seems like getting a cell phone is a rite of passing when entering 7th grade.  I refuse to pay for an expensive plan that includes data, text, voice at 50+ dollars a month.  This phone is perfect because with Tmobile you can have unlimited txt'ing for only 15 a month.  Basically we tell my daughter NOT to call us unless, of course, it's an emergency.  Since it's Android it can also play games and when connected to wifi mode she can use Netflix and other internet services.The only crappy thing Tmobile does is disable wifi calling with the 15 plan a month plan.  Regardless, it's a good choice for us and has smartphone capabilities.

From day one this phone has never worked. It will not stay on. Constantly having to take the battery out to see if we can get it working again.  Sometimes the power will come back on most times no. I went and purchased a OEM battery to see if that was the problem and no help. (The battery was more than the phone was worth.)  I Purchased this for emergency reasons and its useless. My fault for never thinking to return it.  I've only had it since June of 2013.

The charge is not good, for starters. Add to that the fact that the phone does not allow you to access the web, you can see clearly this unit has to get a one star rating for poor quality and a buyer beware heads-up.

I hate thia phone more than any I've ever owned, and ownes a  bunch of mfg. and models and will do all in my power to let it be known far and wide!!!

My first so called smart phone has made my life pure misery. Phone frequently turns itself on while in my pocket and dials someone. Today my doctor's office was on the phone when I pulled it out.  It changes settings on its own. Dropped calls & poor reception are the norm- how much that's the phone & how much the network is hard to tell. First second or two of a call is garbled making it difficult to discern who I'm speaking with. Phone contacts are extremely difficult to update. Touch screen is either over or under responsive to touch. Battery life is really, I mean really bad- even with every non essential settings/apps turned off. There's only one initial missed call or missed text alert- after that - nothing.I'm suprised that the sides of roads and highways across America are not littered with Samsung Darts thrown out by frustrated users.

A smart phone without paying an arm and a leg!  Has all smart phone features.  I have a Tmobile prepay account for voice and text.  I connect to the internet for free via WiFi at work and home, or anyplace there is a hot spot.

It's a shame that my first Amazon customer review has to be a negative one, but the defective product I received and the poor service I've received following must be reported.I ordered this product based on the fairly good ratings it had on both Amazon and T-Mobile's website. I ordered it specifically because it is supposed to access WiFi.After I had activated my SIM card at a T-Mobile retail store, the first thing I did was check the WiFi; it said "disconnected," even though it recognized the WiFi that's available in my house. I searched online and found that this seems to be a common problem among Samsung phones in the U.S. I tried all the solutions that other people had suggested in forums: "forgetting" the wireless network and re-inputting it, rebooting the phone, performing a factory reset. Nothing.So, I contacted a Samsung technician via livechat. He 1) spoke very poor English and 2) seemed less familiar with wireless products than I am. That was of little help.I then contacted a T-Mobile customer service representative. We went through the steps to check and see if it was an issue with the phone's APN settings, or my wireless internet; the APN settings seem to be functioning correctly, and my router also has no problems. She said this must be an issue with my internet service, but after speaking with two IT technicians, temporarily disabling the security settings and changing the encryption key on my wireless network, we've verified that my wireless internet is not the source of the problem.Finally, I spoke with an Amazon customer representative to see about returning the product but keeping the SIM card. I've activated my account already, and T-Mobile has a policy where if you use their "No contract" prepaid plans, you must use the plan for 6 continuous months or face a cancellation fee; so in fact, it is not a "no-contract phone," it's a 6-month contract phone. This is why I wanted to keep my SIM card. The Amazon customer representative said he could not help me, and a wireless specialist would email me within 24-48 hours. Amazon customers are not allowed to chat or phone with wireless specialists.So, basically, Amazon sent me a defective product that neither its manufacturer, Samsung, or the phone company it's connected to, T-Mobile, can fix. And they're making me wait 2 days to see if I can even return the phone.If one of your prerequisites is to get a phone that needs to access WiFi, other than the GalaxyS, I can't recommend Samsung products. And I don't know if I can trust buying any wireless products from Amazon anymore, after the poor customer service I've received.=========An update. I added a star for the exemplary service I got from Amazon WIRELESS; NOT Amazon.com. To explain:As I said, the Amazon live chat representative told me to wait 24-48 hours to hear from Amazon wireless. After waiting the first 24 hours, I decided to try to call Amazon.com customer service myself, thinking that my question (that I wanted to return the phone, and if I could keep the SIM card or not) was simple enough that an Amazon.com customer rep could call the Wireless team and get back to me with an answer.The customer rep I spoke to said she didn't know the answer to my question, but she DID give me the phone number to Amazon wireless, saying they would be more qualified to help me. When I explained my problem to the customer rep there, he said that because I had ordered my phone through Amazon.com, NOT Amazon Wireless, that I needed to direct my question to Amazon.com."But two different Amazon.com people said that I needed to talk to Amazon wireless to resolve my issue."The guy put me on hold for about 5 minutes, and then he was gracious enough to answer my question about the SIM card (you can keep it, by the way), AND he sent me a return package label, all when I wasn't an Amazon Wireless customer, but an Amazon.com customer.So, a sort-of-thumbs down for Amazon.com: it took two customer service reps for them to send me to someone who would help me, when they were supposed to be helping me from the start. And a big resounding thumbs-up to Amazon Wireless for helping me even when I wasn't an Amazon Wireless customer.Lesson learned? If I ever order from Amazon again, I'll make sure I'll be ordering specifically from Amazon Wireless, and Not the main Amazon.com website.

yeah the samsung dark and t mobile sucks I dropped calls have no signal get no help from customer service. and all they can say is it's the tower s

I purchased the Samsung Intercept prepaid phone for Virgin Mobile in March 2012 off of ebay. The phone looked awesome and had some great features but during the first month of having it I had sooooo many problems with it dialing ppl, freezing, running out of memory, rebooting, etc. I couldn't see having it for another month and paying the bill while being soooo unsatisfied with the problems I kept having. After the month of service I ran out, I purchased the T-Mobile Samsung Dart Prepaid phone from my father who had purchased it in January 2012 and only used it once. My mother of course had purchased the Samsung Galaxy ii T989 off of ebay for her TMobile Service. My Dart looks like a mini version of her phone. It doesn't do as much as the Galaxy2 but it does a lot for such a tiny phone. I &lt;3 it, and I don't have any problems that I mentioned above regarding the other phone. Of course there are some cons to this phone but not enough to take a star away from its ratings. Overall for the price and all that the phone comes with, its worth it! I wish it had more internal memory, and the swype was perfect but I still wouldn't complain because it does what it needs to do. You won't be disappointed with this phone for sure.

Bought this for my wife as her first smart phone. She has a Nexus 7 which she loves. I figured &#34;this is Android, she should pick it up easy&#34;. The phone interface is different, which is fine, but the interface is very touchy and randomly changes to search mode for no apparent reason. Battery life is horrific. I did install the Android app killer which kills all running apps and that helps, but she is lucky to get a single day out the battery. The volume controls are in a terrible place and they are always being inadvertently turned up or down. On a lighter note, the GPS works great and on T-Mobile, the wireless hotspot feature is awesome and easy to use.Would never buy this phone again and I just wish I would have gotten her an iPhone.

While the T-Mobile $30 pre-pay plan fit my needs for my 2nd line, the Dart falls into the garbage category in my opinion. I was informed when I purchased the phone that people have experienced issues with it. After a month and a half, the phone reboots on its own, when messages are sent,when texts are sent, and sometimes just navigating.BE AWARE...while t-mobile will warranty a phone under an individual plan, they have no responsibility for a phone under the pre-pay plan. You are forced to go through Samsung!

i just wanted a touch screen phone for calls and texting, that i could also take pictures with, so it suits my needs. it is capable of more, if i choose, but for now i'm happy with just a simple plan and phone.

I finally decided to join the smartphone bandwagon, but I refused to pay $70, $80 or even more for a data plan--like a lot of people I know do. I did a little research and found that T-Mobile had some very affordable plans (as do some other carriers), as long as you buy your own phone. Now, ever since I first owned a cell phone (around 1999), I have ALWAYS gotten the "free" phone that comes with a 1- or 2-year contract. But after comparing the cost of buying the phone from a 3rd party retailer (like Amazon) I realized I would be saving literally hundreds of dollars if I opted to forgoe the "free" phone route. This is of course because the identical plans that accompany "free" phones are basically $20/month more. Simple math: 24 months x $20 = $480!This review is supposed to be about the phone of course, but the point of why this phone is so great is tied into the fact that it is cheap, and allowed me a super-affordable entry into the world of smartphones. I'm not going to go into a ton of details about the phone, because I can't compare it side-by-side with other smartphones. But here are the things I really like about this phone:Design: It's really small and light, and yet very sturdy. The touch screen is amazingly precise, and the design of the operating system/software (whatever you want to call it) is fantastic. It's easy to use, and very intuitive. And it does a TON of things.Features: Again, I can't provide a detailed comparison with other phones, but I do know I love the features the Dart has. Some of them are basic, like quick checking of weather and news, the camera/camcorder, and access to the internet (ESPN, email, or anything else you want). But I was amazed by the voice-command function (which I didn't even realize it had until I bought it). This allows you to say basically anything into the phone (an address, a restaurant/store, or a website), and it very accurately displays what you say (I would estimate it gets 95% of what you say correctly, which I think is very impressive), and then displays links to maps or websites. I walked out of work the 2nd day I had the phone, spoke the name of a local deli, clicked the displayed phone number, and ordered my food. I thought that was pretty freaking cool! Other great features are the "swype" text feature, which makes texting super fast, the walking/driving navigation (which some people had told me costs extra money to activate for their phones--but this is free), and of course the android app store is great since there are so many free apps to download.I bought this phone for $143 from Amazon (I think I've seen it even cheaper since then), and I pay $50 a month for unlimited voice, text and data. It's true that I get only 100MB of data before the 3G speeds (which I find to be really fast) slow down to 2G. But I LOVE having no contract, and for my purposes even the 2G speeds are fine. The only substantial difference is that at 3G you can download videos and broadcasts quickly, and with 2G you are looking at several minutes for a 3-4 minute video). But everything else functions pretty well at even the 2G speed. And of couse I could upgrade my data plan by either: 1) going for the 2-year contract at the same $50/month, or 2) staying on the monthly plan and paying $60/month. For now, however, I am perfectly happy with my current plan, and I really love the phone.I finally entered the 21st century, and I'm doing it for $50/month!Quick Update 2/13/2012The phone also has Wi-Fi capability, so I'm able to connect with my wireless network at home and anywhere else there is an open Wi-Fi connection. When your Wi-Fi is enabled and connected the data usage does NOT count against your monthly allotment. This makes it very easy to stay under 100 MB/month.I've had the phone about 4 months now, and I still love it!

This phone is junk. It is unusable as a phone because any person I called could not hear me because the echo was so bad. This was not because of a defective phone as the same problem existed on another device. The screen is so small it is also barely usable for typing. Phone also locks up every once and awhile. There is limited internal memory so you will run out of space even with an external micro Ed card. Most apps will only install to the internal memory. Google maps or navigation is also unusable because the GPS frequently looses the location and then navigation will be frozen until GPS locates you again. By then you have driven several miles or more. I know it's an entry level android phone but none of its feature seem to work well if at all. Thank god it's a pre paid phone. T mobile and Samsung should refund everyone's purchase price and any pre paid charges that were incurred.

I had bought this phone beginning in the month of February 2013. I was looking to get away from being under a contract. I purchased this phone due to many dealers selling this phone twice as much. I purchased two phones for the price of one phone through amazon. It was an introduction well received as this was my first &#34;smart phone&#34;. I really enjoy the phone as to the capabilities and this is an Android phone running Froyo 2.2.2. I can't wait to save enough for a REAL smart phone!Not enough internal memory to run multiple apps such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouVersion Holy Bible, and Bible Gateway.Good phone all together.

It's an ok phone, but I upgraded to a Samsung galaxy 2, and like it better.  the dart is a 3g if I remember correctly.  it does just fine if you want a smaller screen smart phone. I'd recommend getting the bigger extended power battery on ebay, that comes with the bigger back plate.  no real complaints except it's an older style smartphone.

The only big problem with this phone is how little internal memory it has. i thought the sd card that can go up to 32 g would make up for that but most apps don't allow sd card storage. i keep running into low memory warnings whenever there's an update. i also get incompatible with this device when i check out some apps. if you want a smartphone for alot of apps get one that's at least 8 g in internal memory. i wish i had.

Is the screen resolution so low?!?!?! - this would be a deal breaker for an adult - the screen is only 240-by-320.  For those of you that aren't sure if this is a big deal or not - yes it is! - text is just not sharp on this phone at all.  Surely it couldn't cost that much more to put a higher resolution screen?  I have the LG Optimus T and for only a few bucks more, it has better screen resolution and a better camera with autofocus.  However, I bought this for my son, and for a kids first smartphone, I would say this is just fine.  For adults, no way, keep on looking for a better phone on sale.What I do like is that this phone is responsive enough and feels peppy, the processor and memory are both adequate for a budget smartphone. Colors are also nice and bright.  And the price can't be beat for an android smartphone.What I don't like, is the screen - the non clear text really gets to me - if i had bought it for myself, it would be a dealbreaker and I'd send it back and spend the extra to get a better phone.  Also the resolution is so low that it can't play a lot of games out of the marketplace - forget Need for Speed, for sure.  Also, the camera has no auto-focus so forget using a barcode scanner.Bottom line, you get what you pay for.

Programs on the phone automatically update via the internet and you get charged for everyday that this happens. I used this phone once and checked back to see all my prepaid minutes had been eaten away by this. The shiesters at T-Mobile won't explain it to you; you have to figure it out on Google. Even when you turn off "background data" and "auto-synch" functions it still charges you for every day that the phone is turned on, even when you don't use it. T-Mobile prepaid plans claim you are only billed when you use the phone -- but this is false, you get billed everyday the phone is turned on. I would avoid this scam product.

The phone has a standard headphone jack compatible with standard Aux mp3/cd player headphones, A 32gig micro sd card works fine. Google play store has so many fun apps. I Rooted mine. But I don't recommend that for many reasons, except for programs like; titanium back up. Use great caution when rooting, you may be Voiding any Warranty your phone might have, or living with an irremovable adjustment. But if you want to back up your phone and everything on it that's one way you do it. A strip of packing tape works well for a screen protector. (just be sure not to cover any speakers or Mic's.) also I like that you can set any song as your ringtone, and it will be the actual song, not some annoying chime that makes noise to the beat of a song. It is my first android phone. I had to call T-Mobile to get the wi-fi feature turned on, and that seemed odd, but after I did it worked. For some reason they wanted me to verify my 911 calling Address before turning on that feature. also I had to unplug my router and wait a few seconds and plug it back in. (Don't know why but that's what they wanted me to do.(Almost every phone of 3g or 4g can do free wi-fi calling with programs such as Talkatone from the android play store)Talkatone(switches between wi-fi and data automatically. However while in use I am not sure if it will do that)(Talkatone) is not compatible with dart.T-Mobile WI-FI CALLING USES MINUTES UNLESS YOU ARE A CONTRACT USER; NOT PREPAID. I like t-mobile for the ability to use this phone with the 100 dollar for 1 year and 1000 minute service, its great. no other phone company lets you have such a great deal if you dont use a phone that much, and the phones other pre-paid services have are not that great.

pleased with the phone very much, sticking with the manual pretty close learing as I use it. I think it will be very good when we get where we can use it better.Happy so far LJR

PROS: Touchscreen, low price.CONS: Battery life.Bought this phone to replace my old Blackberry, which was about the same size. I was looking for an inexpensive introduction to the Android experience, and the Dart seemed to fit the bill. The phone has worked well, except for occasionally giving error messages saying the SD card is missing when it's not.My only real complaint is battery life, which has been dismal.  I feel like I am constantly charging it.

I had purchased the phone to keep in contact with family.  It came in good condition and works well for me.Thank you.

I have a Iphone 4S 64GB and wanted an extra smart phone as a second number without contract or high price.I tried the Dart and am using it with Tmobile monthly prepaid.The phone is great....Smaller than an Iphone and so far no bugs or problems at all with the android OS or the phone itself. Its fast, has good apps available and is great for a basic smartphone.It has additional memory available if you need extra space too. Screen is clear, touch works good and I can honestly say its a steal at this price!I use sprint with my iphone on the cheapest contract available and pay with taxes/fees 89$ a month.....With this phone running on Tmobiles(1500 messeges and minutes plus internet) its 30$ total a month, or if you want to use LOADS of internet 50$ a month......not bad at all!!So my take, is if you want a good phone without paying several hundreds, or if you want a smaller compact smart phone, this is a great choice!

I can only run few apps on this phone because it all ways running out of memory so do not waste your money.!!why will some this phone for a 149.00 when you can buy a Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G for 179.95?

I recently bought this phone and initially had decent battery life. About a week later, my battery was draining faster than I have ever seen a cell phone battery drain. I had the settings set to maximize the battery life. I racked my brain and the Web as annoyance built up. Finally I tried uninstalling Facebook (the only change I had made) and just like that, my battery went back to normal. I don't think it's just my phone. I could not make sense of the varying reports on the battery life and suspect it has to do with what apps you have installed. Also confirmed my suspicions when I read at the T-Mobile support site that third party apps can drain the battery. Try this solution if you can live without the apps and don't want to worry about your phone dying all the time. This is why I give it four stars. Ideally you could install apps without this limitation.  Otherwise I think the touchscreen seems slightly more "intelligent" than even the iPad, Swype took away my concerns over not having a physical QWERTY and the other "intelligent" features eases the "hurt" from my previous phone (Nokia E71) getting destroyed by my dog at the beach.

This was a very inexpensive gift and the person I bought this for really likes it.  Everyone needs a protective cover for their phone.

This phone was purchased from a TV channel that rhymes with QVC. Their website reviews and billing were good so we bought our first "Smartphone". Actually Smartphone is a misnomer for this POS. I find myself cursing this phone out often because its failures.  Half the time I try to answer a call it the won't accept a swipe to unlock it. The screen all too often becomes unresponsive or goes black as well. I have to pull the battery to get it to work again.This phone lacks quality and reliability and I would not buy it again.

the 3g network drops calls and doesnt send texts OFTEN. that's annoying. i doubt it has something to do with where i live (i live in the middle of chicago). this problem can be solved by switching it to 2g, but that kinda defeats the purpose of it right?the screen cannot be read in the sunlight. the battery lasts a little less than a day. youll need to buy a larger capacity sd card if you plan on seriously using this cell.

Everything is fine, good value, but terrible battery. Is it possible to substitute another battery, does anyone know? I'd be glad to pay extra for an OEM battery that lasts more than a ridiculous half a day.Just about every morning when I turn the phone on, a yellow triangle is displayed with the word DOWNLOADING. Turning the phone off without WiFi operating, I don't understand what this is, but what makes it much worse is that whatever the process is, it doesn't end - I have to take the battery out, and then I can turn the phone on. Using T-Mobile prepaid, and this does not happen with other phones.

The phone looks nice, but it drops the call all the times. The battery is only good for about 5 calls and then drains out. Charge it everyday.

This is a POS. The download manager starts on its own with out asking permission and sucks down the battery pretty quick. This is the first and last Samsung product I will buy.

The Samsung Dart is an amazing Android phone period! I just order it and I cant seem to get off of it! If the Samsung Dart is going to be your first android phone then go with it because this phone can do everything plus more! Simply love it!!

Bought this phone at full price thinking it would be a descent phone. That was not the case at all. Worked fine for about two weeks then I started getting calls that would ring twice then shut off. My husband tried to call me and could never get a ring tone or any kind of noise to let him know that he was calling me. I have gotten a ton of dropped and missed calls. Very aggravating not being able to get in touch with anyone. I am not sure if it's the carrier or just the phone but I would never recommend this phone to anyone!

it's working fine.  The battery runs out fast if you frequently go online.  3G is quick, and touch screen is responsive.

We have had a new Dart since April. To date, in August, we have about 2 hours total usage.  Nothing to do with the phone, but our experience with T-Mobile, from the original setting up to solving problems, mostly accounting, is nothing short of horrible. They took $50+ dollars out of our account because the number they assigned us was previously assigned to a deadbeat, so every time we added $$$, Whoosh, it was gone again. Their CS people are rude and uniformed.  They will contradict each other and when you complain they aren't helping with your question or problem, they just hang up, or they put you on hold for a supervisor who never comes on the line.  No, they are not in Bangladesh, but they are worse if that is conceivable.  I finally went to my local store and the counter rep tried to talk with the CS people and she was hung up on twice!  When calling in you go thru the punch 1, punch 2 over and over and then after finally getting a live person and explaining your problem, the say "Oh gee, that's not my area and switch you to another rep with whom you must explain your problem once again from the beginning, only to have that rep say Oh gee, that's not my area and immediately switch you to another line on hold, etc. etc. This happens every time I called.  One rep said his phone was bad and would call me right back at home...never did.I will sell the phone and leave T-mobile for this reason alone.

Worked fine when I first got it.  Now, roaming problems and when I try to send text, they "fail".  If I turn off and on or take out battery for 10 seconds, & resinsert, the texts send.  Tech support only wants to walk me through this when I call.  What a hassle!  The microphone is broken all of a sudden.  My callers can't hear me unless I'm on speaker phone.  Contract isn't up for 6 more months.  I want out of T-Mobil contract.  Looking for a replacement phone to hold me until I can't get new iPhone 5G and new provider.

I purchased two of the Tmobile (Samsung) Dart because I was considering switching from Sprint to T-mobile.  After I noticed several issues (which I'll discuss shortly), I returned them and purchased one more from Amazon.com a few weeks later, just to be make sure that I didn't get two from a bad batch.The phone has a nice form factor.  It is very small and thin, and takes up almost the same amount of space in my pocket as my very old Motorola RAZR.Unfortunately, the screen resolution is very poor, making it difficult to read text that appears in the default font.The battery tended to drain very quickly, which is surprising for a GSM phone.I also noticed that the Wifi data access was hit and miss.  Even though I had a strong Wifi connection, the phone would sometimes report having no data connection and then work again just as suddenly.I tested the two phones that I purchased and both experienced the same problem.  And then I purchased one more from Amazon.com, just to be sure.  The intermittent data connnectivity problems, low screen resolution, and poor battery life persisted.As bad as the phone is, however, the Tmobile customer service is even worse.  One of the features that really interested me was Tmobile's Wifi Calling feature, which lets you make and receive calls using your Wifi Access Point.  This is important to me because my house has very poor reception with all carriers.Although this phone is listed on Tmobile's web-site as supporting that feature (and the box specifically says that it is supported), I was never able to get it working.  Each time that I tried activating it, I received an error message (often a different one from the time before).I went online and found a number of complaints of similar problems in Tmobile's support forums.  Most had no solution posted, and the one that had a solution posted didn't work for me.I called T-mobile's technical support at least seven times in an effort to get the feature working.  In total, I spent over five hours, mostly on hold.  Most of them repeatedly asked questions that suggested that they didn't understand how the feature worked.  Each time that I called, I waited on hold for between 15 and 20 minutes before I was able to speak with a representative.  Most of the calls were answered by agents with heavy accents.During two of the seven calls, I was told that this phone doesn't support the Wifi Calling feature at all (even though the Tmobile's web-site says that it does and the phone has the app necessary to activate and configure the feature).One of the seven times that I called, I was actually transferred to five different representatives, with each one telling me that they couldn't help me, but that the next one could.  Ultimately, I ended up talking to a representative in the U.S. who said he could not help me either, but that he could transfer me back to the prior department (that had sent me to him).On two of my seven calls, the representative hung-up on me.  During two of the other calls, I asked that my call be escalated, and I was told that Tmobile technical support has no escalation procedures.On one of my calls, I was able to reach a supervisor.  She advised that the SIM card that I was using did not support Wifi calling and had me switch to another SIM Card.  After I switched, the service still didn't work.  She said that it could take up to two hours to provision, and that she would call me back in 2 hours.  She never called, and the service still does not work.I also attempted to call the local Tmobile retail store, and they told me that they could offer no assistance at all, other than referring me back to technical support.I also called Tmobile's corporate HQ in Bellevue, Washington, and was transferred to a Executive Customer Service Team voicemail, where I left a message that was not returned for several days.  Ultimately, a man called back.  He promised to investigate the matter and get back to me within a week.  Although I've called him back twice and left messages on his voicemail, I haven't heard from him since.

I received the phone and it came with a battery charger, USB, etc. I do recommend this for anyone. This is a prepaid phone so, you would have to put your working Sim Card into it and and the phone will start working. You will love the Samsung Dart.

Simple, quick review.Good phone for a PHONE!Older Android will run a few apps.Video, no forget it.Pictures? ok not great in full light.Fast? no ok though.Root it and it will be better.I have an iPad and don't need / want an iPhone.This is more a feature phone that works great as a phone.

I purchased this phone and could not be happier.Please keep in mind that this is my first smartphone.All of the touch screens work smoothly. I didn'treally notice the screen resolution problem that someonementioned... sure it's not an iphone.It is a nice entry-level android phonethat looks and feels well built. Simple to usewith many features and decent battery life.

Overall it's a decent phone, sell these all the time at walmart..Got to say i like it, only downside is the screen resolution isn't all that great..but of course it's only 100 bucks compared to the 400-600 contract phone's you get for the same price...but i would recomend it

I had no complaints with this phone. I am not a big "tech" person. I actually received this phone from my hubby as a Christmas gift. He thought I was long overdue for an upgrade. My previous phone was a slider with a qwerty pad. It was a "no-frills" kinda phone.  I liked the touch screen and it was easy to use. I didn't like texting on it, just because it seemed small and I made frequent typos. Well I decided to connect the Bluetooth to my car (2012 Toyota Camry) and all seemed fine. I disconnected from the Bluetooth when I got out of the car and ended my conversation shortly thereafter. A little while later I noticed that my phone would not unlock, as if we're frozen. I was swiping and pressing the buttons on the side and nothing. Then as if it were a processing delay, all the buttons and swiping finally registered and the phone proceeded to go through the actions. It was still frozen and the screen turned black with a message 'RAMDUP'. I took out the battery and replaced it. For a while it seemed fine and then started freezing again. I liked this phone, but I feel it's far too soon to start having these problems. It's only been a month! And I may make 1-2 calls/day. I am reinserting my SIM card into my old phone!

I've had my Dart for about 3 weeks now as a replacement for the Defy (because of its repeated known defects).  I haven't been receiving my calls, which have been going straight to voicemail, no ringing at all even when I'm not using it. Then the voicemail notification isn't appearing either.  I went to T-mobile and was told I have to take the battery out every day and put it  back in. Never had to do that before, even for the (3) Defy phones I had, and for a replacement phone, I'm feeling really irritated, and would not recommend this phone ever.

Great price, but graphics are not that good. The over all for value for the price is wonderful though. You ask for a better price for a low budget andriod phone.

My son loves this phone. This is the 3rd one I bought for him and is probably the best price I have paid so far.

If you want a good start phone to learn the world of android this is it... It really worked for me

I got the Samsung Dart as a back-up in case my Nokia Nuron breaks again. This way I can just drop my insurance on the Nuron. As you may have guessed, the Nuron is now in a box as my back-up phone.1. Text Messages--no more typing--just say it, and the dart writes it for you--I love it; love it! You can also SWIPE the keyboard, which also works great--Swipe is 10 times faster than typing and talking is 100 times faster!2. Internet--again, you can talk to the phone and it types your search for you. I find it amazing how well the Dart recognizes what I'm saying--over 90% accurate.3. Very clear audio.4. Photos: Just fine for 2 mega pix--lots of bells and whistles for both camera and video options.5. Contact management is easy and fast--You can also speak your contacts into the phone.6. Some cool Aps pre-loaded--GPS Directions, You-tube, News and Weather--Not much extra junk is included--just order your own.7. Most of the screens scroll left to right instead of just up and down---I like that.8. Battery charges with standard USB--I like that; don't you just hate proprietary plugs!!9. Screen is a hard plastic--looks and feels like glass; I'm guessing it does not shatter as easy as glass--I like it.10. The phone is inexpensive, yet it works better than some of the $500 Samsung models from last year. Frankly, I get burned out on a phone by the end of  one  year; I hate two year contracts. I would much rather buy one of these non-contact phones each year and stay a little more inline with the tech. curve.So that's 10 points I made, giving each point a point = 10. 10 times 10 is 100. The sqaure of 100 is 10,000. If you take 10,000 and multipy it by .0005 than you get [5]. So, really, I give the Dart a 5.

What a Piece of S!@#. Can't stand it the phone is an adventure new things open up that I didn't even know was a feature on the phone. After I close it I can never find it again. Things that make you go HMM. The battery is the worst unplug it from the charger 20 min 80% battery life left Pandora will kill it quick. never again will I go with a  Samsung Phone again. Going back to a flip phone

It's my first smart phone, and I love it!  It's fast, plenty of apps from Android.  Easy to figure out.  And you can use with a monthly data plan or like I wanted to buy prepay phone minute cards and use wifi for net.  Does everything I need and probably things I'll figure out a year from now.  I read a review that there's an echo during calls, but I only experienced that on one call, and it cleared when I went on speaker.  Otherwise fine phone reception and call reception.  Maybe look for a deal, cuz I got it before Xmas for $120.  Do NOT buy at Walmart in store where it's $200 for some reason.  If you get the icon for the droid pushing a broom take out the battery and put it  back in if the icon never clears.  Great phone for the price if like me you don't want to be locked into even a monthly plan.  I bought a  Samsung Comet for someone last year, also a great phone, but $170.

Great price for replacing a broken phone and not having to pay a high price of a new phone or renew a contract.

Concerns/issues (Imp@top less concerned@ bottom)* Phone call quality: low to poor to worst some times none/drops.* Battery: even if wi-fi off, screen brightness low, battery drains very fast, half a day to 1 day to drain fully(may be its working hard as I've a low bars in my area?)* WiFi: Many times it remembers a previously worked access point and when you move to different access point, On-off wifi don't work properly and gives 'Error' may be it catches the old. I've to restart to fix this.* Screen resolution: its low but I don't have complaint, i didn't expect much for low end.* Screen brightness: even at its brightest when we are outside (bright sun day) it very hard to view and when u go down the brightness even little bit low, its just like a blank/dark screen don't know where to hit on screen buttons.Positive points:like nice form factor, low $, captive touch screen but still if its failing the basic purpose..so.. whats the use? a POC?

This works fined for young users.  I bought for my 12 year old, it is a tough little phone that have the touch screen features good enough for a young user.

At the time I ordered it from T-mobile (summer 2012) it turned out to be an outdated product. The screen resolution is low, processor speed is low, battery capacity is low, etc. The phone's storage is so low that they even through in a free 2GB microSD card, otherwise you would not be able to do anything with the phone in today's market with lot's of Adroid Apps. For example: you can hardly play a simple game such as Angry Birds on this phone: it would freeze for seconds during the game. I returned it and got, for 30 bucks extra an Samsung Exhibit, and after that for again for 40 (in total 70 bucks) extra the Samsung Galaxy S 4G (the model before Galaxy S2). Now THAT is a great deal. But for me it's working great with 0.5GB internal storage, a free miniSD card of 8GB, processor speed 271/323MB. If you want top-notch even the Galaxy S 4G is a lower-end model today but the current top will cost multiple times the price of entry models such as the Samsung Dart, Exhibit, Galaxy S 4G. BTW: at T-mobile they ship them with a SIM card for prepaid use. I just stuck in my existing T-mobile card and it works excellent. To cut costs I do not allow packed data to be sent, and will only use internet when on local wifi.

Owned the phone for two years. Single core processor and the old android operating system limit this phone in 2013. It is still able to handle netflix, so I have not thrown it away just yet. Using wifi helps a lot, and not expecting an arcade out of it helps too. Reading, checking weather, emails, texts, google maps, swype... thats enough for me.

I order this phone because it was just the right size for me ,and not to heavy. I liked the voice search,and will let everyone know how nice it is to have this phone. I'm glad I bought this phone.

obviously wasn't expecting a high end android device but for the price i got it at, it worked very well. Wouldnt recomend getting it to play games(even angry birds) i mainly used it for calls, texting, and as a music player.

I TOTALLY LOVE THIS SMART PHONE THE BEST, I EVER PURCHASED ALL MY FRIENDS ASK ME ABOUT IT.THE FEATURES ARE GREAT AND U GET A GREAT RESPONSE FROM THE PHONE AS WELL.

This was my first smart phone.  I don't make a lot of calls or do much texting.  Mainly I wanted it to check emails and access the web or for emergency calls.  This phone's battery allows me to make about a 30-minute phone call before the battery is drained.  Checking a few emails also drains the battery.  Even not using the phone, the battery drains within a day.  I constantly have to have it plugged in to my home charger when I'm home.  I've had this phone for about a year and a half and I'm ready to junk it.  I would not recommend it - waste of money!!!!

I bought three for my kids and all have issues.  They're going back asap.Crashes, refuses to start, doesn't run many apps....even clean without apps installed if crashed.Very disappointed.

I did not buy this phone through Amazon. It was my upgrade through Tmobile. I got the phone June 2012. It was great at first....easy to use, good reception, easy to navigate. And then things went crazy March 2013 with no warning. Accessing the internet took forever. I would often lose my gtalk connection. I wasn't receiving many calls, texts, and IM's. Friends would send me a screen shot of their phone showing where they tried to call or message me. Yet, I never received those calls or messages. In order to send a text, I had to shut the phone off and restart it. The battery charge would not hold. Oh, and the best part of all was I could only talk using the speakerphone.I'm in my 30's so this isn't my first phone. And I followed all of the other instructions such as turning my phone off for at least an hour every day and not leaving it on the charger all night. I've been very careful about not dropping it and have kept the phone away from extreme conditions. This phone just didn't last. I've tolerated the junk since Mid-March and now I'm on Amazon looking for a replacement. Even though I had insurance on the phone, Tmobile would not replace it.

At $99 bucks, It is a great phone . I have LG Optimus T , comparing with that I have found this one is better.It has a better QWERTY keyboard and response is also better. Battery life, as with most Android phones, is average.But I will say better than LG Optimus T .The sound quality and speed is also vey good .With heavy  usage,I need to charge it daily. Wifi calling technology is brilliant and it is really helpful where getting good signal is a problem.On a downside, screen resolution is little weak and also the camera. I also didn't get a headphone with my purchase.But, I must say at $99 bucks, it is very good deal.

I have had the phone for a couple of months and at around a hundred bucks it is hard to say anything negative about this phone.  Of course it has battery issues it runs Android!!! Clear out apps with task manager, turn off automatic syncing and use the back key rather than the home key and you will be fine.  With wifi off it will go for a few days with out recharging.I use t-mobile pay as you go with no data plan and run wifi for data and email.  I had no issues with this it works for me, and I am not paying for that which I don't use.Update: the one thing that can be problematic with this phone is the main memory gets filled up rather quickly and apps like facebook/maps etc that do not write on the SD card take up the space quickly.  Other wise after well over year the phone has done everything I needed to do.  I have been pleasantly surprised with the camera and video quality.  The expandable memory is a big plus,  I have tons of music, pictures and use it transfer files from work and home when needed.

Good starter android phone and reliable. Good to introduce u to the android OS.Actual price of this phone however is $119.99 check Wallmart :-)

This is my first android phone, came off of a Blackberry Pearl,  and was blown away by the ease and functionality of this phone.  Love the wifi, gps, camera, access to app world and the price.  Hard to beat for the money, only wish it had an " adobe flash app"

confusing menus, poor call quality. always  a delay and echo, battery last 20 hours on standby .must be connected to a charger everywhere

I bought the phone for 99 $ on Amazon b/c it's GSM and a good price. I do the 50 $/month prepaid, plus 10 $/month to make international calls to landlines as part of the unlimited minutes. Calls to international cellphones are 35 c/min with the 10$/month addition. I used to have a Blackberry and an expensive contract, no more.Phone worked well. For the GPS I had to download an app to get the spoken directions. The sound quality of voices on incoming calls is not very good, it's a problem if people don't speak clearly. Overall, I am happy with the phone for the price.Mine died while still under warranty. I had to pay 10 $ at ups for shipping to send it in. Store rep told me to take out the SIM card before shipping (and I needed it for my backup flip phone). When I got a phone in the mail two weeks later, the battery, back cover, and memory card were missing. I called customer service and they blamed me, I should have taken these off before shipping. The store rep had not said so. Phone rep said I should not only have gone to the store but also have called T-Mobile. Huh? They don't trust their store reps? She said they'd place a 'missing part search' that would most likely yield nothing, and I would have to pay for the missing parts. I went back to the store, and they gave me the missing parts. Beware, you don't get your own phone back, but someone else's refurbished. Gut it before sending it even if their rep says differently.When I had the contract, the T-Mobile customer service phone support was stellar. Knowledgeable, polite, native speakers, 24/7. Not so much when you go with month by month prepaid. I had to call twice. The reps aren't exactly polite, don't know much, have a verrrrry strrrrong accccent, possibly Russian, and are very hard to understand. I don't know why that is efficient b/c I had to ask them to repeat their answers several times. No, I am not deaf at all, my hearing is actually still perfect. Hopefully I don't need to call them often. Most of the store reps are still knowledgeable and helpful.I've taken two stars off only b/c of the weak phone support customer service. You buy service quality with a phone...

Hard to use, fails often.  Why do you make it so difficult to review your products, I have to write a novel

If I could give this phone ZERO stars I would.  We purchased it at the T-Mobile store in March.  It's August now and the phone is already having issues.  When trying to access voicemail the phone locks up and the only way to access it is to remove the battery.  So you can't check more than one message and no ability to delete the message.  So the voicemail doesn't work.  I restored the phone to factory default.  I've contacted SAMSUNG and they told me since I've restored the phone, clearly it's a voicemail issue with T-Mobile and to call them.The phone also doesn't allow me to use square up or download many apps that are available on the android market.  For the cost, go buy a Samsung Exhibit II that's 4G, faster, better processor and works with more applications.  This DART is a DUD.

Great for Perpaid Phone first I was o.k. with until I learn more about,the functions it have still learning  but I Love it

I bought my first smart phone, the samsung dart. It's not as good as I thought it would be. Frequently my phone won't ring for incoming calls. My voicemail ringer will go off. I can't call out, I have to turn the phone off and turn it back on.

Just got my phone today and already moved in and getting settled into it. Love the features it has and had no trouble getting my key contacts moved over to my new phone. Well worth the price I paid to have it sent with one day shipping. The phone rocks.For this to be my first Android experience, I have to admit it is a good one. This is one phone where Samsung brought it all home.

The phone worked when I got it and it came with a case and plenty of SD cards, so I was happy. Until the lock/unlock button broke on it, so I cannot unlock the phone unless someone calls/texts me or if I plug in the charger. And the battery life seems pretty shot, but I'll live with it for now.

My mom loves the phone and it is easy to utilize. Great price on the phone, with a lot of features.

We bought this phone for the WiFi and it works great. My son is at college and he get's no signal inside his dorm because it's built like a bomb shelter. This phone allows him to text and call over WiFi which is fantastic. We have no data plan but the availability of WiFi is becoming so popular that it also allows him to surf the internet and access him email via the web during his travels. The screen is a little small, but the size and light weight of the phone makes it very nice to carry around in your pocket. The picture quality and touch screen seem fine to me. We purchased this as a prepaid phone but use it on our contract plan to avoid the 2 year extension and data plan requirements. Can't expect much more for the $100 we paid for it.

This is the first Android phone on t-mobile for $100 without contract. It's cheap and it's full featured, which makes it an amazing deal. It does just about everything you want in a smart phone. The only problem is that the screen resolution is 320x240, which gives you a smaller space than normal smart phones -- but you can't get everything you want for $100, YET. It also doesn't come with a hands free headset like a lot of phones do.  What makes this phone 10x better is if you install the free GO LAUNCHER EX and it's widgets in the Android market. Go Launcher kicks this phone into hyperspace with customization. Love it! In 2 years, you'll see today's mid-level Android phones with higher resolution screens go for about $100.Some cons:- Resolution very limited- The web browser is really too difficult to use at this small resolution, so using the web browser is a must you should skip this phone. However there are apps like yahoo mail and gmail that will render just fine in this screen resolution.- Battery can drain fairly fast if you are using this a lot during the day- lack of free headset- Camera is pretty bad

I've had this phone for over a year now, and it was my first smartphone. At first, I was very excited to be able to finally download apps, etc. Overtime, I began to notice different pros and cons.PROS:-Very sturdy (I've dropped it multiple times on concrete and have managed to escape with a very small crack)-Is able to connect to Wi-Fi fairly well, may be a little slow.-Connects to your gmail very quickly.-Small (Can fit in the smallest pockets easily)-Battery Life is fairly long, could be longer.CONS:-The calculator it comes with, isn't very good (nothing more than the average + - / *)-Camera isn't the best if you want to take detailed pictures (and no front-facing camera)-Can't hold too many apps (I can only download about 3 average sized apps. Any more, and the entire storage will be filled up, and will no longer let you receive texts)-Is, at times, very slow and will take a while to load.-The phone comes with a YouTube app, but force closes every time you want to watch a video. If you want to use YouTube, I'd suggest going through the internet.Overall, it was a very good beginner smartphone. Obviously nothing like the iPhone 5s or the Samsung Galaxy 5, but a good place to start if you just want a taste of having a smartphone.I wouldn't recommend using this phone for more than a year, though.

This phone is one of the worst phones ever. I have only had it for a few months and it already freezes up and dies in 2 hours after a full night's charge.

I bought this phone from Walmart. Still I want to share few things with you all. This is one of the best entry level smart phones that Samsung has introduced. Forget about the camera quality as you are just paying 120 bucks and for good quality pics one should always use digicam rather than mobile phones. As it is a android phone gmail and facebook just works perfectly. Web browser is also good. The entire android market is open for you so you can download and install the applications that you want. This wi fi featured phone has got one smart feature that is mobile hotsopt. You can share the mobile data i.e. 3G data to your laptop and other wi fi enabled devices.Go to Settings -> Tethering and portable hotspot -> Mobile AP setting and enable Mobile AP option.Do no forget to configure the key so that it is secured wireless connection. Isn't this feature is cool ?The another great feature is GPS. GPS is as good as any other GPS that you get for 70 to 80 bucks. do not forget to buy the car charger and car mounting kit as this mobile consumes lot of power for GPS.Considering all these things, I would say this is the phone which is value for money...!!!

I bought this phone and I love it. Wifi is awesome. When making calls, you can choose to call using Skype. For $2.99, you can get unlimited minutes to USA and Canada. I pay $30 for Monthly 4g, 100 minutes, unlimited txt and data. Adding Skype gives me unlimited calling, total of $33/month.Can't beat that. This phone is great but stutters during some games. I've only owned it for a few days. I'm super satisfied with the plan and the phone.con: no front facing camera nor Skype video support.

works well but is very limited, only 256mb on board which makes it non compatible with a lot of the apps out here..dont worry your angry birds works on it but stil if it had 512mb would have been a better deal.it does host killer audio tho for the music lovers out there..

I was looking for a Android phone, but I didn't want to spend $300 more for one.  I paid $116 for this phone and for all the features this phone has that was a great price.  The description of this phone says the screen size is 3.1" that is not true, but I knew that before I purchased it by reading the reviews.  The total screen size is 2 1/2 x 2" and the size of the phone is 4 1/4 x 2 1/4.  Of course the screen size on this phone is not as large as the HTC Evo or I phone, but it suits me very well.  I wasn't expecting everything that you can do with this phone, so I was pleasantly surprised.  You can set up you email accounts and the phone will alert you to when you have new messages.  There is a gps that works pretty well even though the screen is small.  You can download apps for the android market.  I haven't downloaded but a few and so far I have had no problems.  I saw one review that said Angry Birds did not work for this phone because of the screen size, but I have no desire to play it on a screen this small.  I have downloaded UNO and it works pretty well.  The graphic of the screen are descent and the colors are bright.  The camera is not the best but it is not bad.  Pictures look best when you take them in bright light and are still. You can view pdf documents and make them larger.  Of course you have to move them around on the screen to see the whole document.  Calls are clear and the ringers are very loud.  The speaker phone is descent also.  You can hear the person you are talking to really well and they could hear me... so that was a plus.  One of my favorite things about this phone is I can say "call Jackie" and it dials the number for me!  You can also say something like "directions to Nashville, TN" and it pulls up the directions!  The keys are really small, but surprisingly input is pretty accurate.  This phone has the 'Swype' input system so that makes it really easy to type a text message.  Swype is an entry method where you place your finger on the first letter of the word you are typing and just slide it from letter to letter.  It works pretty well.  All in all I highly recommend this phone to anyone who does not want to dish out over $200.  It is well worth the price at $116, and I received overnight shipping for $3.99 with my Amazon Prime.

This was my first smart phone and I did and still do like it and use it alot for things other than just calling. Lots of available apps and relevant features. However, you are very limited on how many certain apps you can install before the phone memory is full and you have to delete something else to make room. Even limiting the stored apps to the ones I use most often, I still operate at near full storage capacity on the phone. I do have an SD card but only some of the apps can be installed or transferred to the SD card. Overall it's still a very nice phone especially for the price!!! Still a great value. Just needs more phone storage.

The phone arrived in three days!!  I am new to smartphones and really liked the features the Dart provided for the price. The majority of my cell phone use is texting.  Unfortunately, I found texting on the Dart frustrating. The 3.1 inch screen greatly limits the size of the touchscreen keyboard. I don't have tiny fingers so I purchased a stylus and still had trouble.  You can voice text but it doesn't allow for much privacy if that is the only way to text effectively.This is a very nice phone. If you talk more than text this a great entry level android.

well i dnt hav dis phone yet buh am planing on gettin it buh jus wanna know it it uses SMS CARD

i give them a 2 because it came on time and package was good,but i did not recieve everything in my box,it was sopose to be new and with SB card and manual,which didnt come with only the phone and charger,nothing to show how the phone work,no SB card,still waiting on the sellers responce,not happy,now,its a 1,because you have to pay to send the phone back,why should i have to pay for there mistake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I bought this at walmart for $100 and it was not even worth that much, If it was lets say $50 I would say that is a fair price. The phone feels more like a childs toy than and adult's (toy) phone. It is slow and prone to freeze. The worst part though is the screen resolution, I have seen better black and white flip phones with better resolution. Do not buy for any thing more than $50. Honestly even at $50 this would only be about a 2 1/2 stars... yes it's that bad

I purchased the Dart on sale for $100 directly from T-Mobile and have had this phone for over a month.Battery life, as with most Android phones, is average.  With regular usage, I need to charge daily (I keep the charging USB cable in the office and the AC charger at home).  The camera isn't particularly good, but I don't mind since I have a dedicated point-and-shoot for doing serious photography.  If you are looking for 4G support, also note that this supports 3G only.  That said, I am using the Dart without a data plan, relying solely on wi-fi, which works great.The screen size on the Dart is smaller than most, but keep in mind that this phone has a very small footprint (see photo).  Having carried an LG Env2 previously, I opted for the Dart specifically because of its small size (see picture) as I wanted something that would fit comfortably in my pocket.  The downside of this, however, is that some applications (e.g. Words with Friends, AnyStop) are not supported by the Dart.I thought I would miss having a physical keyboard, but Swype works great for texting, and speech-to-text works reasonably well, too.PROS: small sizeCONS: average battery life, not-so-great camera[UPDATE 03/27/2012]I am still mostly satisfied with this phone (small size is its best feature IMO) but thought I'd add a few more observations.1. Internal app storage is somewhat lacking.  Naturally, I tried moving whatever apps I could to the microSD, but this is a limited solution.  I have not rooted the phone (and have no desire to do so) but am running the stock Android distribution.Running the DiskUsage app shows 177 Mb of internal memory, and I usually have about 20 Mb free, which is close to the threshold of triggering the low memory error.  I don't install an inordinately large amount of applications (Touchdown, Maps, Facebook, and ThinkFree Office are the biggest space users) so encountering the warning from time to time can be an annoyance.  I typically deal with this by clearing cache for various apps.2. I flip between using 3G and WiFi, disabling one or the other in an attempt to maximize battery life.  Sometimes this results in the phone entering a state where enabling WiFi returns an error repeatedly.  Usually, this can only be resolved by rebooting the phone.  I don't know if this is specific to Froyo or the Dart.3. I've dropped the phone on hard surfaces a few times (bare, no protective sleeve), and it works fine.

there was a damage when i got it.a crack was on the right of the screen.it seemd somebody used it before

This phone is way overpriced for it's poor performance. For starters the screen resolution is terrible. Absolutely nothing on this phone appears sharp and clear especially texts. There are also a lot of apps that are incompatible with this phone. It freezes and restarts frequently and the battery life sucks too. Save your money and don't waste it on this phone. You just end up very disappointed.

The Dart is smaller than a lot of its competitors, and I think it suffers unnecessarily for that. There are several apps that I can't use simply because they don't allow for the smaller screen size. Overall, it's a nice, light phone but one that doesn't get a lot of attention or help from Samsung.Pros: Price-mine is in a monthly plan which saves a huge amount of money, size-smaller than some of its competitorsCons: My phone frequently refuses to send text messages despite perfect cell service. At least once a day, I have to put it in "Airplane" mode to reset it and only then can I send something. I've had Tmobile stores try and take a look at it but they've been pretty worthless.I wouldn't buy this phone again.

I have this phone for five months. I bought it for $119. I preferred to pay for a sophisticated camera and a good navigator and have an entry-level phone.Cons: limited internal memory storage(&lt;200 MB) which limits the number of apps you can install, a bad camera (cannot scan one-dimensional Bar codes although I am not sure how well other phones are on this matter), battery dies soon. T-mobile removed its radio.Pros: light, pocket-size, affordable, does the essential work of a smartphone( checking email, navigation, web browsing). Works as repaid (I do not need to pay $50/month, which is very good).I needed to root the phone to be able to transfer apps from internal storage to SD card which voids the guarantee, yet I still cannot update android apps (such as Google Map) because of the limited internal storage.Conclusion: If you are on a budget and you want to have a smartphone to do the essential work, buy this phone. There are good apps in Google Play, like skyvi, which makes this phone fun to work as well.

Good product for the price.  I am a limited user and did not need anything full of bells and whistles.  This was a good purchase.

Phone is old and outdated. If you are looming for a smartphone with reasonable function I would recommend any other phone. Android os is very old and slow. Touch screen not reactive, cheaply made phone. Bought this as an Xmas present for my girlfriend and had to immediately but another phone for her. I would prefer a blackberry curve or iPhone 2g! Do not buy!!!

My kids upgraded to this Samsung Dart, their first touchscreen smart-style phone. We are on a family plan, and this phone allows them to have smartphone features on a cheap plan.The phone allows them touchscreen capabilities, swype, voice texting & a lot of features found in smartphones priced five time the price of this phone. The phone makes it easy to connect to the internet; however, you can just use the phone as a phone or connect via WiFi when WiFi is available.  My kids use the phone in WiFi mode only; however, make sure they know what they are doing because it is very easy to hit a button and, viola, you are on the T-Mobile network & getting charged by the MB.This is a good choice for a smart-style phone for those who want a smart-style phone, but do not need to be continuously connected to the internet on T-Mobile's network. For a kid's phone, it is a great choice.If you want a little fancier phone that has more capability but is still budget friendly, look atNokia Lumia 710 4G Windows Phone (T-Mobile).  We use to recommend theSamsung Exhibit II 4G Prepaid Android Phone (T-Mobile)but had considerable problems with the phone.

I decided to take the plunge and purchase a smartphone. After a lot of research I decided to go with T-Mobile's Samsung Dart and I must say, it is worth the price. Not only does this phone work as a contract phone, it works with prepaid plans. Since it runs on Droid software you have access to all the Droid apps. The wifi ability is simply amazing. Anywhere I go that has a wifi connection the phone will automatically use my wifi connection so that I don't use the data from my data plan, not to mention it's faster. I can also make calls through my wifi! The resolution is excellent, the sound quality is very clear, although I must admit that the iPod/iPhone does have a slightly better sound. The camera is a 3.1 megapixel camera which takes very clear and crisp photos. The GPS is just as good as my Garmin that I purchased last year. The phone comes with software to open pdf's and the Microsoft suite file types. The Swype keyboard software makes typing and texting FAST on a little digital keyboard, simply drag your finger from letter to letter and it will automatically figure out the words and throw in spaces for you.It's about time a good phone came out for us prepaid folk.Regardless weather your prepaid or contract, I highly recommend buying this phone if your looking for a smartphone to check email, Facebook, carry documents, listen to music, access the internet etc....UPDATE - 11/6/2011 (subtracting 1 star from rating)After owning this phone for almost 5 months I thought I would throw in an update that I felt people should know about. I love this phone, however, after owning it for awhile I did come across 1 issue that bugs me. The screen size is just a hair different than most smartphones. This makes a number of apps in the Android Market incompatible with this phone. Although there are not many apps that are incompatible, it is frustrating if you come across one.I would actually steer you towards the LG Optimus T if you want a prepaid/contract smartphone, as it does everything this phone does but is compatible with all the apps this phone can't handle. Other than that the phones are almost identical.

I got this phone used like new for $75 and it was worth every penny. Capacitive screen with pinch to zoom and gps and all the other bells and whistles. Rooted the phone as soon as i got it with Superoneclick and everything went smoothly, very few crashes since then if any, I really like the size and the touch buttons. Overall great phone if you can find it for under a $100 (which i'm sure you can)

Coming in from the stone age of a regular cell phone, my husband and I purchased the Samsung Dart. I have to say, we are still learning. The first week was the most difficult. It doesn't have some of the fun things that our last phones had, such as a different ring for each caller. And even though we have an ipad, and are only in our mid 30's it has seemed hard to get used to. Our younger friends laugh and show us new things on it every day. We are really starting to love it. Con- I have experienced fast battery drainage if using the internet on there, and download time is very long. Pro- the prepaid plans are much cheaper than a contract, can have apps which are nice, checking email is nice...hehehe, said I came out of the stone with the cell phone.

This phone is unbreakable. I bought it a year ago, maybe longer, used. I have, since then, dropped it in a jaccuzi for about 30 seconds and it still works fine as well as many, many drops. Not a crack. Only thing being I occasionally have to restart it to recognize the sim, but I'm surprised it still works at all.

Battery will last about 8 hours at mininium usage and have not found a bigger battery like you can for other phones.

This was a Christmas gift for my son.  I was totally overwhelmed as to what phone to get since the choices are far and wide and my knowledge limited.  I chose this product because the price was right and it appeared to have what I thought he would like.  He absolutely loves this phone and has way more options that I even thought possible.

well i got this phone for christmas from walmart out of the box i was impressed... then i saw it wouldnt make a call or text. Then i went to call walmart costumer help and they were closed so i got outta the car and as i went to pocket it it fell 2 feet into the grass and the screen broke. i do not reccomend this for people under 15.

This phone is amazing I haven't had it for long but I love it! The battery life could be better but I'm not complaining... this is my first android product and I am completely and 100% satisfied with it! I would recommend this to anyone, I LOVE IT and it's definitely worth the buy!

This starter smart phone really is a piece of junk! I bought this for my husband who barely has standards if any when it comes to phones. He says its terrible. He doesn't get all of his calls and the phone freezes up a lot! Not only does is freeze up it turns off by itself. Would not recommend this headache.

This is my first smart phone so naturally I'm impressed. It does everything it says it does, it plays music, MP4 videos etc etc - all totally fine, great phone.It does run quite a bit more slowly than my friend's phones (they use iPhones) BUT, the Dart costs quite a bit less.I had mentioned that the screen was not as large as it was advertised as - but I was wrong so I'm changing my review. The screen is the correct size. Get this phone if you want a smartphone that won't break the bank.

IM BEGGING ANYONE PLANNING ON BUYING THIS PHONE PLEASE DONT. I DONT EVEN NEED TO EXPLAIN JUST DONT DO IT. IF YOU DO YOULL BE FEELING LIKE I DO AFTER THE PHONES HONEYMOON STAGE

I have had a Blackberry for almost 5 years, thought I would upgrade to a Android Touch Screen phone, it's beautiful & sleek.  I find that it does have some slow response time after you touch a button.  Still reading the manual and trying to learn the new phone.  Which is the main reason I took forever to upgrade, I like to know where everything is.  Still can't figure how to transfer my memory card things over.  Having a tough time at it.  Not very user friendly in my book.  Once I get the hang of it better.  I might change from a 3 star rating. Does not have a long battery life, if not charged  at night it will too low to use during the for the day.

I purchased two of these phones for work related tasks (field data collection) - the price and features make them hard to beat.  I rooted and installed a new recovery partition and ROM - amazing that the development community generated ClockWorkMod (recovery) and CyanogenMod (ROM) for such an inexpensive phone.  With these two items this phone operates nearly at the same level (Android 2.3.7 at last release) as the $400-$500 phones (which I also use for work).The only downside is the screen resolution (although this is adjustable via root if you have good finger aim).  Considering the capital and monthly investment this phone is a winner in my book.

good so far. It is easy to use. When texting it seems that the keyboard is too small; but it could be that the user is not used to texting. this was an entry level smartphone for someone that had a flip phone and texting was so hard. everything is good. Only thing; I experienced a long charging time and don't use it with internet yet.

Firstly, the Samsung Dart has served me well over the last almost three years...that is a lot of millage on cell phone.  It could probably serve me for a few more years just fine.  The phone was frustrating to me because it was &#34;just good enough&#34; for so long that I could not justify upgrading it.  During my three years of using it my only gripe was the 800 mhz processor.  With a 1 Gig processor I probably would have kept this phone longer.  Actually the true reason I'm leaving the Dart behind is T-mobile.  T-moble's service is decent, but I've had more problems over the years with their web site.  Stupid stuff like having a different requirement for password makeup than 90% of the websites out there so I was never able to use my standard passwords with it.  Often times their web site would not take my ATM card.  I never got auto-pay to work, and before you cry techno lamo I write sophisticated enterprise web applications for a living.  I think their web site has gotten a lot better, but logging on last night to make a payment and it not accepting my password was the last draw.  But I will miss my Dart, which is still a competent entry level smart phone so long as you aren't using it as your full time web browser (the slow processor and the smaller screen makes it kind of suck there).  Everything else, 4G, small size (except for web browsing), long batter life, durability all made me keep my Dart phone for a lot longer than my normally gadget oriented self would allow.  A great little phone.  Dated now...for the price you can get something with more features.  But if you can get one cheap and cheap is all you can afford the Dart might be worth it.  Also if you like a phone to be phone sized rather than quasi tablet size, this phone might be for you.  It will run apps but forget it for 3D gaming.  The small size and reliability make me sad to put my Dart aside, but T-mobile your website sucked for too long, you lost me.

picked this thing up as a small back up pay-as-you-go phone, and was think "Cool a cheap Android, i can keep all my stuff synced"well that is about all it can do, if you have normal size hands and you palms get any where near the bottom buttons it detects a "Push", so that means; Typing a SMS well no the phone has deiced it time to search, trying to make a call, nope search time, turn the phone on, to bad it time to searchand this wouldn't be that bad, except the Screen is so insensitive that you cant "Touch type" more slowly peck at the letters and hope it detected you touching the screenand on top of all this the phone is prone to random "Freak outs" when trying to exit apps, where it will pop up the menu a half dozen time before it gives you back control.Note: before i get a bunch of of "have you done this" comments, you name it i have tried it. i have done everything short of trying to code my own Copy of honeycomb and flashing it

My daughter loves it best prepaid android phone she coulndt be happier with the apps and other features that come with it

While I think this is a good phone, the battery life is just too SHORT. After fully charge, it won't even last 8 hours for a normal usage (2 hours active, other times on standby).

I got this from Amazon for my teen daughter' birthday gift after T-mobile constanly declined my credit card purchase from its website and calling in. The reason seemed crazy: I have already had two phones. It is a fine Androin phone for this price. The screen relatively is small, and big fingers may not like it.

Unit shuts down without any help from the user.  The only way to wake it up is to remove the battery and reinsert it.  Not a very dependable phone.  I bought one like this a year ago and had the same problem.

I bought this phone on Feb 1, and have had a few issues with it, most of which have either been resolved, or I have learned to accept.The first thing I noticed when turning the phone on (and off) is T-Mobile's "Stick Together" animation that appears and has the audio level set so loud that it distorts the speaker on the phone.  In order to save my eardrums I called tech support and was told that there was nothing that could be done about it, which angered me until I discovered that the volume for this could be adjusted in the "system audio" settings.  I found it strange that their support people didn't know how to do this.The second problem was when I tried to pair the phone to the bluetooth in my car's audio system.  I got the message that the phone was paired to my car, however the voice control in the car didn't work.  I later discovered that you need to drag down the notifications bar during the pairing process to download the phonebook.  The only other issue, is if you use your google contacts and type them in Firstname, Lastname in your contact list, in my car, a 2011 Elantra, I have to say the Lastname first in order for the voice recognition to work.  Not sure if this is true for all cars, but I didn't have to do that with my previous phone from Straight Talk.This morning when I turned on the phone there was a big yellow triangle on the screen and a message that said "downloading", which never went away.  I called tech support and they helped me reboot the phone which cleared out all my data.  He said I must have hit the volume and power buttons at the same time, which is easy to do because they are on opposite sides of the phone right where it is natural to hold it.The biggest problem I am having is that when the phone is shut off, voicemail picks up after 1 or 2 MINUTES!!...Or just goes to a busy signal after 1 or 2 minutes, which pretty much makes the voicemail unusable.  It does seem to work regularly when the phone is left on.I am undecided as to whether or not I will keep this phone or T-Mobile or not, but there are some pluses.  The Dart is like a poor man's Iphone in that it does much of what an Iphone does but the resolution isn't even close and the smaller screen size is noticable.  But, having true internet access on my phone is convenient...being able to sync my contact list off my gmail account is very cool...and being able to use wifi, especially for voice...is a huge advantage since my cell service sucks at home because of the terrain around us.I will play with the voicemail and consider leaving the phone on all day until bedtime so I can receive voicemail most of the time, which I think might be practical.  But, I would be curious to know if anyone else is having the same problem with their voicemail on T-Mobile.Except for the voicemail issue, I would recommend this phone for someone wanting a decent entry level smart phone. As for T-Mobile, they seem about as good as most other carriers...in other words they suck too.  Their customer service was totally useless with the problems I had, except for the rebooting problem where I actually did get some help.

A very versatile phone that I can't do without.I've only had it for like a month now.I love it.....Glad I puchased the dart.

I had high hopes from samsung dart , no doubt it has good features but whats the use if every other hour you have to plug in your phone to get the battery charged, in most of the tech specs battery life was given almost 8 hours , i dont know how that figure came out , the battery life is approx 6-7 hours in idle state or 2-3 hours of talk , Its not that applications are running in background , i make sure that no app is running in background , now i always keep cable to keep it charged.Anyone listening ?

I would rate the overall experience a 5.  It was great!  I really like the phone....it is very easy to operate.

I had a problem with one of my phones.I had ordered 2 .One for me and one for my husband.I explained my problem VIA e-mail to this seller and was sent another new one promptly with a pre=paid postagelabel.I would highly recommend this seller.Seller went out his way to fix the problem.We were very satisfied withthe service that was rendered.

The Samsung dart is very poor quality. Since purchasing this phone, I've experienced regular call drops, spontaneous reboots,and calls where I can hear the caller, but I can barely be heard, or can't be heard at all. The screen resolution also is poor,and no matter  what the setting, it is difficult to see the screen outside in the daylight. i called TMobile for assistance. T Mobile has the worst customer service I've experienced to date, with long hold times, multiple transfers , and representatives who say they will call back with a solution, but do not. They seem to specialize in transferring you to the next person, who also is unable to offer any assistance. Twice I was transferred multiple times, only to end up with the first person I had talked to.

This is a basic smart phone that works as promised. The main functions that I use, texting and calling, both work great. It also offers wi-fi calling, which is great when I am somewhere with poor cell service but with wi-fi. I don't use it much, but the internet works fine on the phone as well, allowing me to check my email on the go and stay connected. The camera is pretty useless for anything except the most basic of photos.

Buyer beware!!! this is a horrible product, I owned this phone a few days longer than I could return it for a refund.  Never having owned a smart phone before, I thought I could figure out and fix all this phone's many problems but the phone itself is the problem.  Crashed every single day right out of the box. had to take it apart and re-insert the sim card every time it crashed.  wouldn't accept the larger capacity micro SD card I bought for it. (although it worked just fine in other products)I could go on and on but I just want to warn potential buyers to stay away from this piece of junk.

as soon as i got the phone i plugged in my sim and memory card and for being my first smart phone. it's down right great. I may never have a basic phone again.

Overall I purchased this phone from walmart...i love it..i use to own a my touch 3g slide and thought this would be a down grade, but it's awesome and fast..It is slow when running too many applications, but over all pretty fast...Sound quality for playing music and videos is good...i have to say I don't like that the speakers on bottom in back instead if on the top...Love that it can play videos on the web...never loses connection...Over all I'd recommend this phone if you like a touch screen ;)I love it!!!

It's not this phone's fault, or even Samsung's fault that I gave this phone two stars. It is T-Mobile's fault. many people have said that t-mobile gets great reception in their area, well, their coverage map is inacurate, and I bought this phone thinking i would be able to use my phone at my house in the woods, because their map said i could, but no... nothing. even in my town, which is supposed to have 3g coverage, i get nothing. The phone itself is not to blame for how much it sucks. I mean, it is slow (data speeds take forever to load my facebook app, sometimes it takes over three minutes) but again, that is all t-mobile, the camera sucks, but in order to make this a cost effective phone (which it is) samsung needed to give up somethings. I personally like that its all plastic and does not have a glass screen... i cant break the screen as easily when i drop it.But I would not buy this phone if you live outside of a city, or a busier area, because the signal strength for t-mobile is so horrid, it does not work anywhere outside of city life.
