
It was all I expected and more.  I love the features and the quality. The touch screen is ideal and access quick and easy.

I like this phone it is similar to my work phone. The only set back I have with this phone is 'y&#34; and &#34;z&#34; on the key pad are in different locations then on other BB's which sometimes can be frustrating when you are trying to hammer out a quick message. And the screen would be great if it were a little bit larger.

the key pad stop functioning in a week after recieving it and the cost to relace the key pad was rediculous.

They damage the software with little airtime. on one side broke down the casing. not grab the mobile network. I sent it to repair many times, the pin does not work

the phone i bought from less4 sale is broken....its not working....the prblem is that its not staying on it keeps restarting. i am so upset and i tried calling them and they say they would call back and they have done nothing they didnt call back.

I love the phone but it keeps going back to the oldest unread message it also has the tendency to,on it's own,to dial the same phone number. Can I get guidance asto what i cando to fix these issues?Thanks,Keith

The phone is good but it was not unlocked as advertized! I had to pay someone to unlock it! That is why I gave one star

Friends, it is designed with a blackberry bold size 9000 and with current technology. 7 operating system upgradeable to 7.1, is fast, but still appeared to me a couple of times the little watch, for those who are accustomed to the 9700, 9780 and phone numbers of that size quisas feel that this phone takes a little more in your hand , but as far as I can assess is a good phone, this version works well for the operator Digitel in Vzla.

the product was great. I am not a big fan of the brand so bought it for my sister she loved it. phone was delivered on time and was everything she expected. two thumbs up. I would certainly recommend this seller.

I am long time blackberry user. I use blackberry for business purposes. I used the earlier BB bold, curve and touch also. I have also used Iphone. Out of all I see that this phone is the best for business purposes. If you are looking for a media phone or phone with lot of apps for kids this is not the one.ProsWhat a keyboard! it is very easy to type.Touch screen is great for media.Faster then iPhone 4 and 4SGreat speakersDescent Camera and videoBigger screen.Slimmer designGreat bluetooth and wifi connectivityConsNone so far. I am loving everything about this phone!This is a great come back story for RIM. Great job RIM!

I bought the phone for my husband but there's an issue with the phone to work properly in China. So we decided to return it. Adam made it really easy for us to return. And then, something happened to USPS that he didn't receive the package. But he's so nice to refund me fully.I really appreciate the kind of service they provide and if we will need another phone, I will still go to him without any hesitation! This is the kind of service that will keep one's business going better and better, which I have no doubt about.

Package got lost in the mail and vendor replaced the phone within 1 week of notification.Happy with the phone and glad was finally able to receive it.

I use Iphone 4s and I bought this for a person in Venezuela, I don't know how people there use this kind of phone when are much better phones cheaper that this.

Love it! Glad I bought it! I wish I could remove the activation required from the screen, but otherwise all is good...

Thanks, got my phones today and the phones look very good and I will try them tomorrow morning when I get my new SIM card :) thanks guys

This is indeed a Verizon Branded phone and it is unlocked. It works perfectly in Afghanistan. There were a couple hurdles I had to clear to get it to work. When I inserted the sim card I couldn't make calls right away. On the top of the screen it read "activation required" and had no signal. Tapping the top of the screen will bring you to a drop down menu, check the mobile signal box. Now you have a signal. To get rid of the "activation required" I dialed pound,pound,000000, typed in my phone number at the top, pressed the centre menu button and saved the number. The last issue I encountered was dialing my saved contact numbers. For some reason the phone was putting 1 in front of all the numbers. Removing the 1 I was able to make calls without issue.This is a great looking phone and I am very proud to be a Blackberry owner. Can't wait for the BB10.....

love it it bad i get everything they say i would no bull i would recommend this phone to anyone.

I love blackberry phones! All my phones are bb and I really don't like any other phone though I have owned all types from iphone to whatever.  I knew that I needed to be careful about this purchase with no warranty and a BB bold touch for just under $200. No! But I bought it and now it has bricked out on me and I need to get it fixed. For how much? I don't know but I am hoping that fixing it will work out less than what they really go for. Point quality products going for low prices on-line should draw some caution. I really will spend the money next time and not go cheap for quality. Oh hear that they were being sold for such low prices because this is the worst of blackberry.

It was excellent fast effecient just the way they explain the product on the web i would shop with u agaib

I apologize for the remarks that was posted... there was some miscommunication, but everything is working quite fine. The product that was purchased is excellent and I love it. Thank you once again for your service. I am very pleased!!!!!!

Phone arrived and I placed my sim into it, just had to place it on 2g and I was good to go. Phone was unlock and ready to work. It works fine, it still says activation required but it's working. Will get by to removeThat activation required from my screen. Thanks

I chose this rating because the device doesnt meet user requirements compared to other leading cellphone brands.too many all round complications to name, like battery life, phone shell, user friendliness etc.i would never recommend this product to anyone who's a smart phone expert or armature. Stock condition is fine but once you add a few bb recommended app, device begins to malfunction.

I ordered a new BB 9930 GSM unlocked phone from seller.  When it arrived I bought a temp AT&T; sim card to test it before leaving for Africa.  Glad I did, since the BB had many problems like the keys sticking, international apps did not work, and very poor connections with the GSM.  I emailed the seller for a return and refund.  Seller said OK.  Seller received the phone on a Monday and signed for it at the post office.  Then on Wednesday the seller says I need to send him the tracking number since he had not received it yet.  I filed an insurance claim with the PO and later that day the PO where seller lives called me up to say seller indeed signed for the package on that Monday.Since it was a week now without a refund I filed a complaint claim with Amazon.  Seller was now forced to refund my money...he did minus 15% restocking fee of $54.45.  I said to him and Amazon that is not fair since the phone he sold me was defective.  Apparently Amazon A to Z Garantee Program really works...in the end I got back my $54.45 along with the $45.00 I paid for overnight shipping.Thank you Amazon for helping an old and satisfied customer out. Next time I buy I will first look at all the 1 Star ratings a seller has...1Star reviews hold a wealth of information about the product and the seller.  Forget those glowing 5 Star reviews and concentrate on the 1 Star...you'll be glad you did.

I have had this BB now for about a month since purchase and I am disappointed. It was shipped with a &#34;dented&#34; battery and there appears to be something wrong with the phone itself - hardware or software, I am not sure. I will be buying a new battery from a legit BB store when I return to Canada in a few weeks. The phone runs out of charge within 10 mins after a full charge. On battery power, the phone cycles through random re-boots. The documentation with this phone is in English and Arabic. The cords and plugs are primarily for non-American plugs. The accessories are white not the black (which is the colour of the phone and really should match) I was used to when I procured a &#34;real&#34; BB from the BB website directly.After all is said an done, I paid just over $100 for a device that should have cost over $700, so I guess, I got what I paid for. Anyway, for the cost and a new battery versus $700+ for a legit BB from a real store, You all have to decide if the price is worth it.

I bought this phone for my husband and he kept on bragging about how great the quality of the pics.

Do not buy anything from &#34;JACOBE&#34;, I bought a blackberry 9930 from them and it quoted NEW, when I finally got it it was all scratched on bezel the back, the screen doesnt seem to be the original, I turned it on and I found 190 pictures of women from India and ther documents. I contacted the seller and they say it should be ready to go. NOT HAPPY AT ALL!

His package arrived way earlier than expected. everything is in it just as he described it. He is an honest person and I am so thrilled. I will recommend him to anybody. I hope he keep it up

I am an iphone user that was forced into a prepaid plan with the crappy economy. This phone gives me the power of a smartphone without restrictions! It arrived in perfect condition, and was fully functioning in about an hour on my network! The keyboard is wonderful to have because I text/email A LOT! The touch screen has a great response, but my favorite part is how loud it can play my music! LOVE LOVE LOVE!

Apparently I am one of the very few who still loves the BlackBerry smart phone.  I had my Curve for 7 years with no intention to replace it in the near future.  However, it got soaked in a rain storm, and after drying off the power button (which includes other functions also) would no longer work.  Since I do not like touch screen phones (I write numerous e-mails, many of them quite long, and I find the &#34;hard keys&#34; are much easier for me to work with), I decided to get another BlackBerry.  While the newest BlackBerry model with the hard key board (the Q10) is 4G and better in other respects, I chose to go with the Bold because of its similarity of functions with my previous Curve (e.g., the menu button and the trackpad).  Also, the Bold, like the Curve, has the option to either delete e-mails on the handset only OR on the server and handset (which no other smart phone has; i.e., all other smart phones delete on both the server and handset only).  It is a very handsome and stylish smart phone which appears to be quite sturdy.

Good Night!I'm try to comunicate you because I had a problem with my order, the cellphone (BlackBerry 9930 Blackberry Bold Touch 9930 Verizon CDMA GSM Unlocked...) Doesn't start, it doesn't do something and I want to know What can I do about that ? This is my e-mail oscarantonioolivar@hotmail.com  I would appreciate a prompt response.ATT: Oscar Olivar

I will update this every few weeks for about 3 months. Hopefully it withstands my Military life. Five Stars so far.1. The phone is unlocked in the sense that it will work on both CDMA and GSM. I use Verizon..... IT WORKS ON VERIZON!!!!!2. Mine was not generic, nor used. Mine is an official Blackberry 99303. The phone I received does not have a carrier brand on the front or back4. When you get the phone, FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS ON THE BOX FIRST; then call the carrier of your choice for further service5. I called PUTGroupUSA at about 1900 (7 O Clock PM) Central Time, and they answered. Good customer service.6. If you try to activate it straight through your carrier, they might tell you that it is Pre Paid; it's not Pre Paid (my experience. Again, follow the instructions on the box first)7. My phone is fully functional. No sticky buttons of missing pieces. Not scratches either. Brand new.Any more questions?

I've used older Blackberry models and the experience was much better. With this model, I'm having issues with receiving calls, connecting to my desktop, and battery life. I've tried to connect two units to my Windows laptop and new MacBook Pro and can't get them to connect to either one using USB or Bluetooth. The Desktop Manager Software will not recognize the device not matter what I do. The Blackberry web-site is useless and they don't offer support for their products. You must call your provider. When I called Sprint, they didn't sound like they knew anything about this model. They sent me another one and the problems are the same. The battery life is shorter compared to older models. Now they have bigger touch screens which isn't much of an improvement in my opinion. If I didn't get this for free through my employer, I would definitely return it in a heartbeat. I wouldn't pay $50 for this thing let alone $400. It's no wonder the Iphone is dominating the smartphone market and Blackberry has gone down the tubes.

I haven't had this phone for a full year yet and it's already having issues. Granted it's older, I feel that the rolling track ball was much better than this touchpad on the bb 9930. The trackpad works when it wants but luckily the touchscreen is showing no problems.

I was deceived by the description that the phone was unlocked. I had tried to use the phone on other network, but it had not worked out. For the past two and half months, it could not work, it was ONLY yesterday before it could be detected that ONLY VERIZON WIRELESS that can use the phone. Sellers should not fraudulently decsribed products in order to attract customers and when purchased will be USELESS to the customer. This phone is useless to me and worst of it, I had wasted my money again to set plan with T-MOBILE which had been lost since the fault is NOT theirs, I can't get refund.I am so unhappy and sad by this development. Worst still the return policy of the phone expired on the 1st of September. The loss to me is monumental. Loosing the money used to buy the phone including cost of delivery, the cost to service providers and lack of communciation including the time spent on trouble shooting and leaving my business, just because the product was fraudulently described. I deserve nd demand apology. Olaniyi Owoyomi

Excellent product, works perfectly, ok operating system, product status ok, ok accessories, blackberry with touch screen works great, the size is appropriate. thanks

Muy buen equipo, sus funciones, pantalla, lo recomiendo si les gusta disfrutar de las ventajas de un equipo BB a un precio razonable.

Picture of this product is misleading. You will get a used sprint or Verizon 9930 without headphones. Don Not waste your money.

Combines an absolutely sublime keyboard for email, texting etc with touch screen for easy navigation of web pages and phone menues. Combines the best of both worlds into a fast responsive phone. Sharp exterior styling cues utilizing brushed aluminum and carbon fiber accents that feel like a high quality phone. Screen resolution and touch screen response is excellent. Call quality and reception is above average with a Pretty good speaker phone. It will only become slightly distorted at the highest volume setting. However was very pleased to discover the mic will still pick up your voice with the aux plugged into a car stereo and the call playing through the car's speakers. Battery life is measured in days, not hours with moderate to frequent use and the expandable/removable micro-sd card is a great bonus allowing for up to an additional 32 gb of memory. On the downside the camera is just OK, perhaps the only area where the 9650 is superior. Limited app and developer support is a drawback, however core app such as news app, traffic/navigation, banking, music and sports apps are both plentiful and powerful. Worthy for consideration over an iphone or android if you place a premium on a phone with a keyboard and value security. Blackberry protect allows the user to locate the phone on a map using the built in gps, lock or wipe data as well as force the phone to ring aiding in locating the phone regardless if the phone is set to silent. In closing, a great upgrade to previous bolds with the addition of mobile hotshot capabilities, near field communication, expanded blackberry bridge features and a larger screen. I was on the fence for a few months on whether or not to upgrade (and whether to cave and join the iphone ranks) but in the end I am very pleased with the phone and its capabilities And speed compared to my previous 9650. Applications run and open without any lag and the experience for the user is very crisp. Revised coding on the browser has resulted in noticeably quicker load times for web pages. It does everything I need it to do and more. I prefer it to my gf's iphone largely due to keyboard which makes "doing email" almost an enjoyable experience.  If I had to do it again, I would purchase it again.

No puedo puntuar con 5 estrellas debido a que el celular no me lleg&oacute; a Venezuela, desapareci&oacute; en el avi&oacute;n donde lo transportaban, por consiguiente no puedo puntuar el producto que ustedes me vendieron :(

first of all this phone is unlocked an can be used with Caribbean companies such as DIGICEL and LIme ..... BUTTTTT!! i received it and a broken piece of memory card was in it and now my memory card isn't working in the slot i am very upset for receiving a defective product! after having to go through all the trouble to get it from the US to the Caribbean and i will not take this lightly..... WHATS THE POINT OF THE PHONE IF NO MEMORY CHIP IS IN IT!

Purchased this new unlocked phone to be sent to Jamaica. But phone was not unlocked fully and was not new. Phone is re-manufactured. So buyers beware don't get stiffed like i did..

The model is nice and it is compatable with a Verizon acocunt. It worked fairly well until I let the battery drain while I was in Europe and could not use a cell phone. I had no idea that you CANNOT let the battery run out or it will ruin a mechanism in the phone. When I returned home, the home I notice that the phone was not charging. I just took it to a celluar phone repair shop and they said that the phone is ruined. This is not what was expected for a $400 phone.

I was sent the wrong branded phone making it unable to active on my carrier with rather poor button sensitivity.

It's a locked GSM + CDMA phone & I can not change the language to Arabic . Every single time I turn it on , the phone asks me to do activation

I was so afraid to get a new bb online,  I was reading about others review and I got pretty scared to purchase annew phone and get an old or refurbished.  I recommend this seller Cell Lounge to trust in new phones. ;)

Good nigth.I am writting to ask for a solution or warranty for my Blackberry 9930 bougth on september, 2011. This phone does not start his operating system.BlackBerry 9930 Blackberry Bold Touch 9930 Verizon CDMA GSM Unlocked Phone with Touch Screen, 5MP Camera and Blackberry OS 7 - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Blackwaiting for your answer as soon as possible.Eleazar Calderon

I bought 2 of this phone and one of it stop working few weeks after,shuts down by it self and sometimes the screen goes blank even though it's on...I blame the seller on this on..so guy make sure you remember who you buy your stuff from. I guess it was a refurbished phone I was sold.

I ordered this Blackberry 9930, which technically, was a downgrade from my Samsung Android phone.  I am a busy professional who really wanted to go back to a qwerty keyboard rather then dealing with all the errors on the virtual keyboards. As some one who doesn't run a lot of apps. but really relies on my phone for texting and e-mails to stay in touch with clients, this phone hands down, is the best option. Nobody has come up with another phone that matches or beats Blackberry for my needs. The only downside I had, is that given this is an older model, I had to special order the sim card thru Verizon which took a few days to get.  Otherwise, great phone!

i bought the phone because I was taking it to South America and neede an unblocked phone.  I have used BB my whole life, and I thought it was ineteresting the fact that you could get a touch screen with the benefits of a great keyboard.  As soon as I installed the chip from Telefonica (carrier in Peru) I had all kind of issues.  My emails did not load properly, the phone only picks up 2G signal, even that we have mostly 3G or 4G, i could not send text messages, etc.  I finally took it to a Blackberry specialist and told me that because is a USA phone, the Blackberry software installed is different so it will not be 100% functional.  I can make calls and receieve my email, but because is only on 2G is really slow.  I like the phone style, but I hate the fact that I spent over 200$ and cannot fully use all the functions and speed.  Some people told me to installed a software for Latin America, but I am not sure about it.

The screen broke on less than 2 months of use! I mean I'm really upset about this, I wanted to last at least a year and the worst part is that the item doesn't apply anymore for refund policy, won't buy another blackberry in my entire life. It's funny because when it broke it wasn't because It fell, it broke INSIDE my bag come on!

The phone was what I wanted could not have ask for a better one the screen work perfectly fine have no problem access the Internet I like it

It is difficult to review a product that I have barely used. The features advertised on Blackberry bold 9930 are quite appealing plus, the phone looks good with its liquid graphic display and instant navigation response on its optical trackpad sit. However my brief experience has been its inability to access the internet or activate other web based services like twitter, email, facebook etc despite having 3G or EDGE signals. Does this experience look familiar to anyone?

the phone does not work seems reconstructed is not working at all, the USB cable and adapter is dirty looks used, tel keys are loose in general terms not meet expectations doing, I hope amazon take appropriate action

I have nothing against the phone at all. it is generally a decent phone, but because of the seller i am truly disappointed. I bought a new phone only to receive the package and realise id was used, it had no user manual and there was a number attached to the phone and the network sprint. Because of where i live in the caribbean i had to settle for a 10% refund because it will cost me much more to send it back...I am sorry but that is just totally poor, really disgusted by this seller.

The phone I s working so good and really it so nice phone compared with my old one bold 9780,,, you can say it is the double of everything&iexcl;Kdouble speed double screen brightness double processor &iexcl;K etcThe problem with it is the seller, he told me it is unlocked, but it was hanged to the network &iexcl;sprint&iexcl;&iexcl;Kand it took them 3 weeks to give me a code to release the network name and replace it with my carrier at my country, very late response of them.The phone still have the logo of the American company &iexcl;sprint&iexcl;, and the software cannot be replaced with other version to remove this logo&iexcl;K it will stacked to it for every &iexcl;Kand no one was able to help&iexcl;Kafter a while&iexcl;Kthe seller stopped to reply to meThe phone box was opened&iexcl;Kthere was no manuals for the phone&iexcl;Kthe CD software was empty having no data on it.I do not recommend this seller actually&iexcl;K

No problem was discovered.It was realy an unlocked phone as i was able to use it with other carriers.am impressed.

Dear Sirs,I have bought the blackberry attached and it is blocked. I kindly request you to send me the password.Awaiting for your response.Best Regards

He is a scammer. I have to go through Amazon to get my money back from this scammer. He said he mailed the product to a wrong ZIP code. After they made him refund my money, he resorts to daily insulting emails to me.The good news is he paid me back on 12/14/14 but money was taken 11/26/13!

I just love my Blackberry 9930.  The entire time at the cellular store I felt like the staff was poo pooing me for getting a Blackberry but I know I did the right thing.  The virtual "touch" keypads turn me into a cursing demon.  I HATE touch screens!  This keyboard is FANTASTIC!  It is so responsive and it the keys are large and comfortable.  They are easy to push.  The track pad is awesome.  For someone who hates touch screens, even the touch screen on this thing is okay.  It works well if you like that kind of thing.Personally, I have never had a problem with any of my Blackberries.  I love this new one and I can't believe how fast it is!  Internet is fast, send/receive, etc.  I just love this thing.  No regrets!!!

I COULD NOT BELIEVE MY EYES  WHEN I OPENED THE BOX. THE PHONE THAT WAS ADVERTISED AS BRAND NEW, WAS USED, YES USED.  I WAS VERY HESITANT TO ORDER IT FROM AMAZON BECAUSE OF THE REVIEWS THAT I READ, BUT WANTING THIS BB 9930 SO MUCH I DECIDED TO GIVE IT A TRY. WHAT A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE I HAD, THE PHONE CAME IN SOME OLD BOX, PHONE WAS NOT IN A PLASCTIC BAG, USB WIRE WAS MISSING, GHARGER WAS FROM SOME OLD BLACKBERRY,  ACCESSORIES WERE NOT IN ORIGINAL SEALED PLASTIC BAGS WITH THE BAR CODE, THEY WERE WRAPPED IN SOME OLD PLASTIC BAGS, INSTRUCTIONS WERE NOT EVEN FOR THIS BLACKBERRY.  WHEN I PUT THE BATTERY IN, THE PHONE DID NOT TURN ON FOR 10 MINUTES, BUT WHEN IT DID , IT HAD  DISPLAYED SOME NUMBER WITH NJ ARE CODE.  I CONTACTED AMAZON  IMMEDIATELY, THEY WERE VERY HELPFUL, SENT ME A FREE RETURN LABEL AND PROMISED A REFUND.  IT IS SAD THAT NOW I CAN NOT EVEN TRUST AMAZON AND ITEMS THEY SELL, HOWEVER IT IS NOT THE AMAZON,IT IS THE SELLERS  WHO FALSELY ADVERTISED THEIR PRODUCTS. THE SELLER THAT I USED WAS BLUETEKUSA

all its perfect thank you. i love it i hope purchase other products yours thank you again bye th th

it is a very good phone, I love it. wide screen, easy to use. connect to friend and family anywhere.

After receiving the phone, inserting the sim card and turning it on, the keys did not function so I returned the phone because as i was unable to use the item. I am also unable to rate this item as i was not able to use it.

excellent dealings. reliable, trustworthy. trust is the only thing that will make you different from the world. a lot of crime around the world. continue to be real and valid. God will bless you. i will continue to buy from you guys. thanks!! i love your style. see you at the top

The product arrived on time, provider recommended, very responsible,  el producto llego a tiempo, buen proveedor, esta gente es muy responsable

Well, I thought I was getting a new phone, but it was a used one.  That was fine as it looked to be in very good condition.The phone said it was unlocked, and it was to a degree.  When I put my SIM in it did not work, and I finally found out I had to "reset the phone number" which took about an hour of digging around on the internet (eventually leading to the last six steps on this page [...]).If you are on AT&T;, and you have a data plan, do not buy this phone.  That is what I have, and the best this phone will do is connect via 'edge' - 3G does *not* work with this model on the AT&T; network.  Even with edge, I can not browse the internet or get email - that only works when the phone is connected via WiFi.Speaking of which, the default email application doesn't work because it requires some kind of "Enterprise Activation" key.  Knowing your IMAP settings doesn't matter, as you can not even access the email application without this mystery key.  There are a number of features of the phone that will not work without doing some kind of setup with your service provider and none of them work on AT&T; (visual voice mail, email, maps, etc).Pros...So, aside from all that, I am actually somewhat happy with the phone.  I've been trying to minimize my life, and using this as just a phone (and SMS device) is very nice.  I found a 3rd party application called "logic mail" that allows me to send and receive mail, and the browser works pretty well (again, this only works on WiFi, but for me this is kind of a feature).The battery life on it is *fantastic*.  It's been years since I only had to charge my phone once or twice a week.I am hoping to take some trips overseas soon, and hopefully it will work on overseas networks - one of the main reasons I bought it.The keyboard is nice, and getting around the OS (I was specifically looking for something that wasn't Android) is intuitive enough.All in all, I wouldn't buy it again, but I don't hate it enough to return it.After that, the phone worked as a phone, but none of the other features worked as I needed some sort of blackberry "Enterprise Application" email and password

Although we had some issues the company was very quick to contact me and offfer many solutions. Sometimes you run into a bump especially with electronics however customer service is what keeps you coming back. This company offered many options to fix the problem which will have me try them again.

excelente producto no tengo ninguna observacion al respecto con relacion al vendedor  fue muy atento ofreciendo respuesta rapida muy recomendado

seeing that it supports cdma and gsm does this for support a sim card slot ? ? ? ? ? ? ?

YOU SAID THIS IS AN UNLOCKED PHONE  BUT IT STILL NEED UNLOCKED CODE!!!!!!!!! PLEASE TELL MEI NEED TO USE CHINESE SIM CARD

at least i got my.moneys worth i bought it refurbished but it looked spankin new love it love.it loooooove it

Bought this phone in the States to use in Europe.  Nice phone, but it is locked to Verizon.  Let the buyer beware!

I bought this bb 9930 to replace my prevoius bb. The touch screen adds what my old bb missed. Justglad to have this latest model. The scroll sistem is also easy to use. I enjoy the easy way for archiving pictures, voice notesand videos.

The product it's the best, like the sealer present it. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

the phone works and i love the fact that the screen is bigger and it is touch screen too. The seller so far has been helpful to get it to work properly this is still work in progress. The rating is for the Black berry phone.

I'm a Blackberry lover yes I know I could have got Android, iphone etc but I'm a woman that march to the beat of her own drum so I purchased another Blackberry but a Touch 9930 and I'm loving it so far, lots of features and much get use to it. Overall I please and I hope it keeps working.

Good little blackberry.  The touch screen is convenient, but not up to par with iPhone.  Everything seems to be working great so far.

i thought this phone was unlocked, only to put my sim card from my home country in there and it keeps saying 'activation required'. The title for the phone should atleast have a 'not unlocked' sign attached to it.

When you buy this bb9930 said unlocked, for use on any network. I've wanted to use in Ecuador and the internet works only with the operator Movistar, I use the operator CLARO and can not use my internet data package that I have contracted the phone does not. I say in all mobile operator Sprint bb9930 come with that fault. Have known before.Besides the battery cover came with failure so that you have fallen eyelashes that fit and now I can not secure the lid. It is the first time something like this happens to me.

The phone arrived on time and in good shape. Its my constant companion, just love the neat size and most of all the ease of use.

I was so excited to receive this phone to realize that it does not work with my network in my country. I am so disappointed.

Everything was perfect at first glance until I tried to place a call. When I send/ receive calls, I can hear who is on the other line but they cant hear me. At first i thought it had something to do with the microphone but than I recorded a video and the sound playback from the video was perfect. Go figure! :s Also, I know  Blackberry battery life is never a selling point in their products! but for this phone in particular, its just ridiculous! I absolutely have to charge this thing 2-3 times a day. Other than those two points I would say everything else is to my liking.

hi this product only has banda 1,8 but doesnt work 3G in my country Peru, because I need banda 5, my phone movil provider is Claro Peru, please let me know how can i set this or return those product, because i bougth two.thanksSandra

este articulo llego a mis manos el d&iacute;a exacto a la fecha d llegada y si es recomendable a cualquier persona

Because you bought me locked BLACKBERRY . I will never buy any technology stuff from here.Now I am stuck with this blackberry , and I am trying to sale it.

I received the cell phone completely defective, COMPLETELY! Asked for a return, and they said they would not ship me a new one over night. So I kept it ( without using it ) so I can ship it next week.The touch pad stopped working as I kept trying to fix this Defective Issue, and then they were like " Sorry we can not accept your return request ".UTTER BS!One advice to all customers. NEVER EVER deal with this company.

excelente equipo muy practico y ligero navega en venezuela en 3g en digitel que es banda 8, vino nuevo como indica el vendedor. es ultra plano y es tactil asi como tiene sus teclas normales.

bueno excelente producto lo recomiendo supero mis expectativas podria volver a comprarlo sin problemas nuevo sin uso total satisfaccion perfecto

If you are an historic fan of blackberrys, perhaps this will seem like a viable option. I, however, am an iphoner. For me it is a no-brainer. I'm not an app addict or a chronic downloader or an obnoxious over texter/sharer narcissistic social media exhibitionist. I just like the intuitive design. Everything on the iphone for me is logical. The buttons are easy to push, typing is easy, thinks are where your brain things they belong.And now I find that in switching jobs I had to turn in my iphone for this, um, thing. I haven't found the plus sides, maybe the battery is super long or it lasts 12 years (God help me if I still have this thing in 12 years) or it's really clear to talk on.This is what sucks:1) No logic. The icons have no real meaning so when you pick up the phone you are scratching your head as to what does what. I don't mind reading instruction manuals eventually or when I'm trying to learn how to program my DVR. But I want to pick up a cell phone and USE it right away before I study the damn manual. Forget it here, you will need to spend an hour reading unless you've had a BB before.2) Buttons are tiny. I literally have to cock my arm to the side to dial numbers. The keys are obviously designed for thumbs not digits. But unless you have an abnormally large hand, you cannot hold the phone and reach all the way across with one hand so you are huddling over it with two thumbs. Truly all thumbs. I hate dialing any numbers, and forget about texting.3) As if tiny buttons were not enough, buttons share numbers and letters. The default is set to letters so you can't just start typing ina number to place a call. You have to pick up the phone button, then start punching things in.4) MAKE UP YOUR MIND BE A TOUCH SCREEN OR BE A QWERTY.I have not found all of the sucky aspects but I am sure there will be more.

When i ordered this phone, I specifically made sure it was not connected to any network Like Verizon and had no Writing on it like Verizon at the bottom. Now its requesting me to activate it? Here in Africa, Zambia how am i going to activate a verizon network. And now my friends are laughing at me because of the Verizon written at the bottom. I am very disappointing, Sell what is displayed nothing more. the phone displayed has no Verizon written on it, and the displayed spec's don't have any verizon to it. I hate it!!! I trashed it the second i saw it.

WELL IN THE BEGINNING I WAS I OPEN THE BOX I WAS WOW SUPER COOL PHONE THE THING IS I NEED TO SEP UP VERY WELL PUT THE NEW SIM CARD BUT IS WORKING VERY WELLL IS VERY FAST ALSO I BUY THE MEMORY CARD 32GB I LOVE MY BB 9930 IF I HAVE ANY PROBLEM TO SEP UP MY PHONE I COMUNICATE BY EMAIL THOES GUYS FROM BLUTEKUSA ARE THE BEST VERY PROFESIONAL IN CUSTOMER SERVICE TO BE HONEST IS THE BEST DEAL FOR THE PRICE THANK YOU GUYS ALSO THANK TO AMAZON I JUST TO BUYING IN EBAY BUT THEY DONT HAVE BETTER DEAL LIKE AMAZON I LOVE IT ALSO I LOVE MY NEW PHONE THANK YOU SO MUCH &#60;3 I ALWAYS BUYING ANYTHING I NEED IN THIS WEBSIDE THIS IS MY SINCERELLY OPINION FROM CALIFORNIA  THANK YOU SO MUCH !!!!!!!!

I've always had a blackberry since my first cell phone purchase. This phone is by far the best BB I've ever had. I love that i still have the ease of the real keyboard but I can thouch the screen just like any other smart phone out there. Worth the money.

Device was indeed unlocked, I was able to use it outside of the country, however it freexes up a lot for a new phone. I am not pleased.

The delivery time was good, however, the instrument had a defect as some of the keys do not work properly and you have to press hard on the keys for the letters to come up

June 6, I bought a few things in the Amazon. These have already paid the items of the paragraph:- Creative Sound Blaster Recon3D THX PCIE Sound Card SB1350, I did not receive until today !Amazon's reply: "It seems that the shipment was lost in transit. We certainly didn't expect this to happen."- BlackBerry Bold Touch 9930 Venrizon CDMA GSM Unlock Phone, it's received on July 10, but it's very old, and it has no battery cover. Even more funny is that Verizon's Unlock Phone has been replaced Sprint's Call phone.I think Amazon is making fun of the customer! I am helpless and also bad luck!!Sanofi11/07/2012

I like it very much but the issue was it was failing to connect to BIS here in Zambia.All in all I like it n I'm enjoying it.

I ordered two blackberry 9930 from Amazon within the past 6 weeks. These orders were filled and shipped to me. They were orders placed as gift items for persons.  Unfortunately, currently, the blackberry 9930 sold and shipped to me by Amazon has been installed and being tested and confirimed to have bad battery.The battery, though in its package could not hold any charges on full charge as instructed. This is the first time i am getting this type of filled order.I am therefore requesting that you dispatch to me a replacement  battery for this product and please do not allow such to happen again. It mars your record of service since it is embarrasing to unpack the product only to find a bad accessory included in the product.I pray and hope other poducts i purchased recently will not have complains as they are being opened and tested.  I have rated this product adversely till i get my replacement authentic battery.RegardsPROF J. O. Ebeniro

phone works great I was nervous about order because the cdma and gsm unlocked but I put my sim card and it worked I recommend anyone to make this purchase.

I feel for you Verizon customers who have been waiting to upgrade your Blackberries - especially if you wanted a touchscreen BB.  Since RIM never released the Torch 9800 for CDMA users, you guys never got to experience that goodness.  Surprising since the Torch is (was now, with the release of the Torch 2 and the new 9850 for Verizon) one of the few decent releases from RIM in the past couple of years.  Anywho - with the 9930 Bold, those who were left out finally have a reason to upgrade their phones.For those of you who are wondering - this is NOT the Monaco phone that RIM plans on releasing soon.  That phone is fully touchscreen - designed to replace the much hated Storm and not too much better Storm 2.Ok, so some list of changes that RIM brought about:- With the release of this Bold, RIM decided to nicely go back to the old style Bold 9000 keyboard.  The keys are a bit bigger, so for those of you whose fingers might have been too big for the Bold 2 that was released for Verizon, I urge you to give this phone's keyboard a try - you'll be pleased.  Some of you may notice the dimensions of the 9930 and the 9700 are very close, so you might wonder how they got the keyboard bigger.  Well, they did it by getting rid of the plastic lining around the sides of the phone.  Yes - both the keyboard and screen are now flush with the edge of the phone.  I'm not sure I'm a fan of this, as it makes it a whole lot easier to crack/break something important, but it seems to be a direction most phone manufacturers are moving in, so we'll see....- This phone is the first to have the new 7 OS - which is nice, but I think I'd rather have the QNX OS, thank you very much...  Haha - but it is a good OS - for those who are interested, it takes up less space than 6.  If my calculations are correct - about 15% less.  This OS also supports NFC (near-field communication), so it'll be interesting to see what kind of apps developers create to take advantage of it. (For those who remember it - NFC is how Google Wallet works) Voice search also works particularly well with this OS, and two new business apps are included, called BlackBerry Protect and Balance. Protect allows your business to remotely monitor, configure and wipe, if necessary, a remote smartphone so when the phone disappears, your whole business life doesn't disappear along with it. And Balance separates business tasks from personal stuff on a BlackBerry, which helps avoid the possibility of confidential data accidentally being sent to all those shady contacts.....- Yes, the screen is touch capable.  It's actually pretty slick - especially considering how small the screen is, comparatively speaking, so it is usable in day to day operations.  It especially works well with the browser - for all those times you need to move the page around, or zoom in on something, or zoom out to get a better view of the entire page.  Are you going to play games with it??  Most likely not.  But it is a start.- "Liquid Graphics Technology": there's been alot of talk about this, and what exactly does RIM mean by it.  Here's what I can tell you, from my research and usage of the phone:  RIM basically put a separate graphics processor into the phone, which means that any of the graphics stuff should be a whole lot smoother and cleaner, since there's a distinct chip handling all of it.  From what I've seen, it is pretty fluid, but it still does get hung up at times - especially when it comes to certain web pages.  But overall, definitely an improvement.  I heard it's also designed to support 3D animations and games...Alright - enough of that.  Time for the good stuff - is it worth it??Short answer - absolutely.Pros:1) Battery life rocks.  I feel for all of you iPhone and Android users whose phones die in like a day.  This phone still keeps kicking after 2 days - without plugging it in once.  Add to that the ability to actually change your battery, and that I tend to carry a spare just in case, and I can go practically a week without having to charge my phone.  Incredible....2) Faster processor.  Thank you RIM, for finally adopting a processor that breaks the 1 GHz marker in a phone!  Actually RIM upgraded a bunch of hardware - like the memory, along with the ability to do NFC communications.  Thank you for reaching the 21st century RIM - we're happy to have you!3) Global phone - this phone supports both the GSM and CDMA networks, so it can be used internationally - a big plus for our corporate employees.  If you happen to travel internationally alot - don't worry, this phone's got you covered.4) Hotspot capable - this phone I believe is the first BB to natively support hotspots.  Yes, there are apps you can download for the other phones, but you usually have to pay a decent amount (the cheapest I can remember is around 35 - 40 bucks)  This supports personal hotspot right out the box, and it does support N-type speeds.Cons:1) Apps.  Actually - it's not what you think.  It's not about the amount of apps - it's that quite a few don't work with OS 7 right now.  Though this will be corrected as the OS matures and becomes more available.2) Screen resolution - which still comes in at 640x480 pixels and 287 dpi.  It's not bad - but I was hoping to get a qHD screen on a BB soon....3) No 4G - this does annoy me greatly.  4G, especially on Verizon, is starting to get decent, and to not have that ability on this phone??  I get the fact that it's a battery hog, but with BB battery life's so good as it is, I can't imagine it detracting from it that much.Honestly - what's been holding RIM back is their lack of upgrading the hardware.  They always seem to be a year behind the phones of the present.  They finally do some catching up with the 9930.I'll update this review as I use the phone more - feel free to ask questions or correct me, since I'm sure I forgot something!!

is this phone only for verizon users? im an att user but i want a bold 9900....im wondering if i can use it or not with an att carrier ...

Trying it for first time yester can't find any complaints my mum loves her new phone easy to set up and use

Definitely wont compare this phone with a iPhone.  But I am staying with BB for what it is well known for in the business world, security and reliability in an enterprise server environment. Plus I don't care much for a touch screen phone. I love a physical keyboard on a phone and this BB has the best one ever. The new blackberry has an awesome touch screen and a fast processor. No longer you have to wait to switch from app to app. One thing I don't care is the old auto re-start feature when you delete or add certain (or most) of the software apps. I hope they fix this old with the upcoming updates. As of now, app world sucks. Apple beats BB hands down when it comes to iTunes, videos and an App store. None of what iPhone is made for is of use for me. Apple makes great products and I have many apple products at home (i.e. ipod, ipad, macbook etc). But I prefer a BB for a secure and reliable comm device. I am sure iPhone users wont agree with that statement. But hey, thats what review is all about, expressing your personal viewpoint and experience with a certain product. My wife uses a iPhone and she loves it and uses it for what it is made for. I wish I had LinkedIn and few other apps that I use on a regular basis available. I am sure it will come in the near future.

I currently have this phone and I HATE it. I am waiting for the day that I can upgrade to the new iPhone or android. If you are young, and you don't have a job, or lifestyle that requires you to be constantly sending and or receiving emails, and that only, this is not the phone for you.  On the other hand, if you do need a phone solely for business, and it is more high tech than the old blackberries, than this is the phone for you!What I hate about this phone is that, compared to the androids and iPhone's, there are not many social media outlets, and when I get bored there are no games that I can play. Yes, I am young, and I would like to play a game or two in the middle of a lecture.Games and social Medias are not the only horrible thing about the apps; all of the apps that are compatible with blackberries do not work very well. I once bought a map app, and it was horrible. The connection was slow, and unreliable, and I got lost in a neighborhood. After getting that app I just got the two social media's that I wanted, Twitter and Facebook, which are still very slow, and never returned to the blackberry app store. I can never trust any app to come out of there.Another Con of the phone would be that when you take video's, you cannot send them in any type of message, such as email and text, only straight onto YouTube, which is a horrible setting because you may not have a YouTube account, or may not want your videos to be on the internet.The keyboard. Yes, sure, there is a touch screen, but there is not a keyboard on that touchscreen, and the keyboard that is built onto the phone is tiny. But when trying to type on this; it took me months to learn how to hold the phone correctly. The buttons were made for babies, they are too small, and the only way to get a message to another person is to use the very tip of your thumb nail. If you want a phone that is easier to type, and not have to twist your mind and body to try and send a simple message out, do not get this phone.Another con of this horrible phone is that the internet connection also is horrible. You may have the best connection in the world, and it still won't upload the page, or information you need from the internet because it takes 5 minutes for everything to load. And once everything is loaded and the phone knows what it is doing, the checkers pop up on the screen, which means that the phone is still trying to upload more information from the website. The Wi-Fi connection is horrible. It may speed up some of the internet searching, but ultimately it still take a few minutes, instead of moments for the website to fully upload.Sure, the phone can be great if you are a business person, who only needs a smart phone to send emails quickly and efficiently, but other than that this phone is a piece of crap, and I do not recommend any person to get this phone.

Excellent phone have several frequency technology available that you can shoose.I like the CDMA technology because is really stable.I use the phone with CDMA technology and the phone working very good.

It was contract renewal time, so visions of new phones for myself and my family danced through my head. I'd been pouring over every detail of the droid phones and the iPhone. My 14 year old son asked..."Aren't they running out of things for phones to do?" I laughed, but then I thought about his question.It's a loaded question and I knew what he was getting at. The silliness of the phone 'pissing contest' with all the youtube videos comparing one to another. The giant screens. Useless gimmicks like `Siri'I decided to stop, take a breath, and decide what I truly needed in a PHONE. I had 160 apps on my Droid and I literally used about 10-15 of those. The rest were part of the 'pissing contest' ("Hey, do you see what my phone can do!? Bro-stache! Voice warping software! 3D games!")I needed 100% accuracy in texts and emails. Clear phone calls. At least a workdays worth of battery life (10 hours of heavy usage). Contacts and calendar sync with gmail. `To do' list. The ability to handle multiple email accounts, including Exchange. A simple, decent camera. Medical apps like Epocrates. Music apps like Pandora, Shazaam, Slacker radio. Utilities like Evernote, Dropbox. You get the idea. Mostly as a functioning phone, a real phone with organizing tools, but with a few entertainment things.First let me say that it is truly a beautiful phone. Slim, sleek, stunning design. One of the best LOOKING phones ever. The touch screen is vivid, crisp, and clear.Now, about my `needs' from my PHONE.Accuracy. I am a physican at a busy hospital and we communicate with each other EXTENSIVELY via text throughout the day. The main problem I'd had with my Droid Incredible was the virtual keyboard. If I spent an hour a day texting, literally 15 minutes of that time would be erasing incorrect 'auto corrections'. My thumbs will never get smaller, I will always hit the wrong keys on a virtual keyboard. I had several keyboards on the Droid with very sophisticated prediction software, learning the words I used most, etc. It will never be good enough. iPhone keyboard is far worse, with absolutely horrid options for customization. Blackberry 9930 keyboard is the best thing I've ever typed on. I've never used a BB before but I took to it instantly.Instead of BB's stupid Bold commercial showing bicyclists with glow-in-the-dark wheels driving around, they need to show me at the hospital smashing my virtual keyboard phone against the wall....then cut away to me smiling as I discover what typing on a phone can be like. Stunning. If texting, emailing, and accuracy are important to you, don't underestimate this keyboard as it truly separates this phone from anything else available.Clear, loud phone calls. EXCELLENT noise reduction. People hear me and I hear them. Perfect.Battery is decent. BB users are not thrilled because they are spoiled with 2 days of use in their old, slow, no feature phones. This thing is fast, with a brilliant screen, and it needs juice. I am thrilled with it because I come from the land of Droid where you have to charge the phone multiple times per day. It gets me through long days. I bought the extra battery with dual charger from Amazon, but I have not had to use the second battery yet. There's a HUGE extended battery available, but it makes it look nuts. Some people don't mind, but I love the sleek look, so I will never get that.Syncs with gmail, contacts, calendar. Not as smoothly/thoroughly as Droid devices, of course, but it works very well.Multiple email accounts no problem. POP, IMAP, Exchange.LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the camera! It doesn't have `auto focus' it has some sort of way to focus on everything at the same time. Forget what they call it? IT DOES NOT TAKE CLOSE-UP PICTURES WELL! So, if you are buying your phone with a need for close-up photos, this phone will not suit you. The dedicated camera key is soooo convenient. Why is this not on every phone? Fast, clear, fun to take pictures.BB app world has an atrocious set up. It's confusing, some apps are not represented in BB app world, you have to go to the developer web site to get many programs, app world constantly signs you out when you are browsing on the computer, etc. But most of the major apps are available, and they work fine. Everything I need is available. You too will be fine with apps, it will just take a little digging. App world needs some work.OH, one of the things I love the absolute most about this phone is the INSTANT UNIVERSAL SEARCH! Start typing and the phone starts searching your apps, your texts/emails, contacts, etc for matches. You can set it up so it searches just the things you want it to search. It's amazing and it's INSTANT. It's better than iPhone's swipe (that's already an extra step), and type (on the virtual keyboard that sucks), and it includes INSTANT WEB SEARCHES AS YOU TYPE VIA BING!! Amazing. (As an aside, I love google search and I think you can set it to that, but I'm finding Bing's TV commercials are pretty accurate. I'm getting too much irrelevant information on google. Bing is pretty impressive.)I suggest you sit down and write out what you need from your phone. This BB will NEVER beat iPhone and the latest Droids for speed, apps, screen size, gaming. But, it doesn't need to because it's a better PHONE.Love this phone. My wife got the Galaxy Nexus as did one of my sons. My other boy got an iPhone 4S. I feel that my choice is a better actual functioning phone. I LOVE IT. However, I won't win the `pissing contest' as they are downloading the latest 3D Magic 8-ball app.

I love BB.

I've had this phone for almost a month now and it's fantastic. I live in Barbados and it is unlocked and works perfectly. I bought it from H & P Electronics and the service was top notch. Very satisfied

Wow! This phone is amazing! First the Samsung galaxy kills the ipad. Now this. The incredible:1. HiDef Video2. 5 Megapixel Camera3. No excessive battery usage (a major weakness of the iphone)4. No dropped calls, A phone that is a great phone for business.5. Qwerty keyboard: the greatest feature for BUSINESS PEOPLE! HOORAY! Larger keys than it's predecessor. Accurate copy, paste and keying for interacting with forms and corporate databases. NOTHING as frustrating as praying to god for an android or iphone to please copy and past the damn workorder ID into a form. I will pay up to a thousand dollars for a cell phone with a qwerty keyboard for business purposes.6. Touch screen. EXCELLENT! FAST! Scrolls through songs and icons across 5 virtual desktops like the samsung galaxy tab 10.1. Awesome! Shortcuts on screen to internet sites! No more scrolling for decades on a pearl to move up and down. BRAVO!7.Massive storage capacity. I have 65 albums stored so far. More to come!8. Bluetooth capable. Installed bluetooth capable stereos in the fleet of company vehicles. Get in and the blackberry recognizes the car. All music can be played through the car stereo via bluetooth. The blackberry is controlled with volume and track selection of the car stereo. Pandora can be piped to the car stereo via the blackberry bluetooth.9. Facebook works great with the device. ALL messages come into one Screen and sorted by type, in order, by time, and date. Email, Sms text, Calendar, Phone, facebook. Each separated neatly, efficiently, cleanly.10. A larger screen for viewing of websites.11. The task list, calender features are phenomenal compared to android/google. The sync features do not drop from outlook to the device. Gmail calender drops. The task list tracks by date in a column for powersales followup. My software I wrote loads the blackberry dynamically via code drop to outlook and sync.In conclusion. For Gaming, Buy a toy like a playstatio, Iphone or Android. For a movie, Buy a tv. For an extremely profitable piece of business equipment with hidef video, camera and browser. Only one answer. The blackberry bold 9930. They need to raise the price for all of these fantastic features. I bought a second one for my son.

Beautiful phone and loving it! I don't think some people are aware that BB9930 is exactly the 9900 only difference is that 9930 was launched for CDMA tech companies like Verizon & Sprint.. hence the Verizon logo on the bottom of the phone.. It doesn't bother me, after all I got it online for such a great price.

Like it very much thus far. It arrived on time and was in great condition. It was like new. and is functioning quite well. it came with the battery and a charger. I wished it came with a usb cable as well as a case. But those are easy stuff to get.

I love the BB 9930! I use it as a back up phone and is a very reliable device. The Seller was great and very helpful. However, the one beef I have is that I've been using this phone for about two months now, and I've noticed that the battery doesn't hold a charge. May get a new battery, so be expecting an update on this matter. Also, when I purchased this phone from the seller, I received it with a 3rd party charger, so I'm hoping that it didn't ruing the phone. Again, will update on this matter once battery and charger are replaced.

Phone is unlocked but not fully, had to pay extra $20 to get it fully unlocked, that is nothing for the price I paid for the phone. Phone comes with all the necessary accessories  except for  microsd card. You need to switch the network to GSM for the phone to work on a GSM NETWORK!!!. Overall I  am happy with my purchase.

phone looks great and it works just fine i just placed my sim card in and worked right away the condition of the phone in general is really good

The phone comes on, when it does come on it shows 'ACTIVATIon required " in the area where the service provider should be, Untop of all that the camera doesnt work.. i asked for a refund, the "claim' they sent a phone and i never got a cent

Todo bien; el producto completamente nuevo, sin novedad, el telefono lleg&oacute; sin problemas al sitio, despacho fue r&aacute;pido, los componentes del telefono era todos nuevos

Excelente servicio muchas, solo que aqu&iacute; en Venezuela este tel&eacute;fono levanta 3G con Digitel solamente y no con otras operadoras

This is the greatest phone. It does it all and I love the keyboard!! It said new and it was. Thank you Amazon.

THE PHONE:The trackpads on both of the 9930's I bought from Amazon third party sellers featured slightly crooked trackpads in the counter-clockwise direction.On one of them, the sensitivity of the trackpad itself was way too low - I wouldn't have realized this if not for the other 9930 I tried, on which the trackpad, while crooked, was quick and fluid.But on the phone with the good (but crooked) trackpad, the Back button was squeaky when you press it - very, VERY annoying.Blackberry's Quality Control actually let these things ship like that? Unacceptable.Then there's the atrociously designed (search doesn't even really work) and underwhelming Blackberry App-World - clearly developers have forsaken the entire platform, including Google (an ancient version of google maps).I am pretty sure I'm within my rights to expect squared up geometry and non-flimsy, rock solid buttons, but apparently RIM can't compete in the build-quality area anymore, and these things cost too much for anything less than perfect.The camera lacks auto-focus, another critical error, although it still beats Motorola cameras (which ain't sayin' much).THE SELLERS:Try #1:  bought from PhoneEtc. Phone was on Verizon's lost/stolen list and they wouldn't activate it. Hey wait but this was supposed to be NEW. Missing the SIM also.Try #2: bought from BlueTekUSA: generic non-original box, missing THE HOLSTER (they really must think I'm an idiot), missing the SIM, and they actually had the nerve to try and put in a charger that doesn't come with this phone and didn't even have the USB/data cable functionality.Stay away from these scammers. They are selling refurbs while claiming the phones are new and not even bothering to give you all the included parts.

The phone does not work in 3G so don't buy it. The phone is amazing but it does not work as i wanted to. Please, do not buy it if you live out side the USA, IT WON'T WORK!!

I grab the phone not 3G and can not be used but still thank you for your products until then

No problems it came brand new and my boyfriend finally got rid of his old black berry curve that was sooo beat up and didnt receive messages completely but he loved that old phone until this new one thank u soooo much my baby is with the times now lol Happy new year's Eve Amazon I love u&#9825;&#9829;&#9825;

got what i ordered, phone works well, only thing that i didnt like was that i didnt receive a memory card with it, but other than that it works well

The phone when dead as soon as I got to Africa for the intended use, sad and disappointed.

I've always had Blackberries but when I was getting a new phone, I thought I'd get an Android or an iPhone. I had the Android for two weeks before I couldn't stand it anymore and returned it for this Blackberry. People bash Blackberries all the time but almost none of those people have actually owned a Blackberry. No, Blackberries are not great for web browsing or apps, this is true. BUT they are great for email, which is 90% of what I do on my phone. I can't imagine a better keyboard than the BB. Features like holding down a letter to capitalize, shortcut keys to find a particular email, sound profiles so only one or two email boxes vibrate/ring while the others stay silent.... these are so fantastic and not to be found on any other device.I'm giving this phone 4 stars instead of 5 because it's become a battery suck (unlike previous versions so I imagine it has something to do with the ridiculous touch screen) and it's physically bigger than previous models. I think the trend is towards bigger, more tablet-y phones so maybe RIM just wanted to join in on that but personally, I would have preferred something smaller.

I love this phone. It is much better quality than other blackberry's i've had.Great product and would recommend to anyone who wants a quality phone with touchscreen capabilities.

I bought the phone as it said it is unlocked but it is not.  I am in Tanzania and I can not use the BIS, I can only make and receive calls - and text.  Please help!

There are no bells and whistles - this is (or was in my case) a Verizon branded BB 9930, it came in a plastic case that initially made me think that it was a refurbished unit but it was not. There was a refurbished cleaning cloth in the package but everything else including most importantly the telephone itself was new. So far I couldn't be happier and I am glad that I removed myself from the cycle of iPhones and endless Androids that were neither good phones, nor were they particularly good at doing email, sms, etc.. The phone quality is as I remember on my old BB's and being able to type an email without having to hit backspace a million times per sentence is a god send. If you are a professional or someone that does not need 400 different applications that tell you how to make cocktails, or a few hundred games that you play once if that and you just want a phone that gets the job done you are looking at it. It is just an all around good device, the app store is no iTunes, don't kid yourself but you can get your hands on most of the apps that you need.In any case the seller of this phone delivered as promised, it replaces a series of iPhones, an HTC Thunderbolt, a 4G Samsung (I forgot the model), and even though it is 3G I have not looked back. It is definitely Verizon branded and I would hesitate if you want a truly unlocked phone - I can not speak to that. It did however have a Vodaphone/Verizon sim in it and when I powered it up identified itself as an AT&T; network phone.

This latest feature of the RIM BB Bold series is fully loaded with the features provided both through upgraded hardware and from the BB OS 7. It is lighter, faster, packed with upgrades (like better keyboard, touch-screen, faster processor, etc.), better battery life and it will make you enjoy the BB better than its predecessors in the line and also stands out against other models in comparison.You would definitely enjoy this unlocked version as it will also be fully compatible to your communication needs when travelling (for those corporate-kind) and being in contact with your BBM-list. It has some flaws but with most of the upgrades provided these seem minor as the pros stand out and brings more to the user who would be more than pleased.

The producto had been used, it never worked, i am so disapoint about this purchase.I do not recomend it.

I really enjoy the blackberry it fits my needs and the phone is very easy to use. I can get all my e- mails

I don't recommend anyone to buy from this seller. My phone has stopped working after 3 week of getting it. Also I got it late, not on the time that it had to bedelivered.After I wrote an older review about the delay of the shipping, the seller directly called me and asked me to remove the shipment's feedback which I wrote, in order toget a satisfaction which is phone case. Until now, I didn't get the case and the phone doesn't work at all. I found out that it cannot be fixed because it is a commonmanufacturer defect which cause the power IC to be burned. My phone is useless and my money was gone. I highly recommend everyone to get a phone with awarranty to get it changed or to be refunded at least.Lost confidence Lost confidence  Lost confidence Lost confidence  Lost confidence Lost confidence  Lost confidence Lost confidence  Lost confidence Lost confidence  Lost confidence Lost confidence  Lost confidence Lost confidence  Lost confidence Lost confidence  Lost confidence Lost confidence  Lost confidence Lost confidence

The phone, even though I have not really received it yet because a cousin is bringing the phone to me, I am in Venezuela, she says, and I trust her that it seems all to be ok, I also received an extra, It was a car charger, which I am grateful. The phone arrived very fast. In good conditions. Seems new. Until now I am confident that I wont have any problem with it in my country Venezuela. So far and in this conditions I would say the seller got an A plus.

Got this to replace an older model of BB.  So far the CPU seems faster and the software is a bit slicker.  Touch screen helps in some ways, but causes problems in other ways.  For example, it is easy to select the wrong item.  On/Off button sometimes get hit accidentally when cradled.  I can hear others fine, but they have a hard time hearing me sometimes.  The camera is much higher MP than my previous BB, but is FAR WORSE in terms of clarity.  I don't really know a better model to buy, but this average rated 9930 is about all your can hope for from RIM.  But it, but expect to upgrade as soon as something better comes along.

great phone and was in good condition...it even look better when i got it than how they showed it to b

I was trickedm I bought this product because it was shown with all of the accessories, case, data cable, battery charger, battery, back, manual  and phone. But I only received in packaged, phone, back, wall charger, manual and back. I am disappointed.

The product was a great buy, I got it exactly as they said, it was new  and unlocked and reached during the specified time to its destination... awesome service.

After making the rounds and ending up with the iPhone 4, I'm back full circle to the good old BlackBerry.  FInally - it's like going back to your old girlfriend after playing the rest of the field.  It's wonderful to be able to type, ie communicate, once again, after struggling with the virtual keyboards.  It's faster than the iPhone by far, great screen, and feels like a professional device rather than a quasi-video game machine.  This is the real deal for folks who want to get some work done.What brought me back was the realistic size of it: the BBs had been getting smaller and smaller, and commensurately untype-able.  The 9930 is back to a good size that you can do some real business on!!!  Thanks - the iPhone is dead; long live the BB!!

The phone was listed as a new device, however on arrival I quickly realised it was used. I identified the phone as used because the last number issued to the device was still  in the phone programming. I returned the item.

While I did encounter a little bit of difficulty when I first got my phone, the company did contact me and resolved all issues. The phone works like blackberry and I'm glad I got such a great phone at a convenient cost.

Pretty good, looks good and all but everytime I listen to my voicemail I have to take out the batteries of the phone and restart it or else I wouldn't be able to hear anything when someone else calls me if that makes any sense

anyone can tell me if they sell the phone unlocked and free to use with any carrier?I'm from Lima Peru

Doesn't recognise some memory cards, I'v tried several cards! The only one working now comes up at times then goes off and tells me format failed, tried formatting but to no avail then I just let be, don't know howelse to solve the issue.

excellent product. I am happy, satisfied and pleasantly happy with the purchasethis phone is being used in Venezuela with digitel telephony. runs excellent 3g

i am just not a blackberry fan. Bought this as a gift for a family member. Was it a refurbished phone?

We ordered a Blackberry Bold 9930.My wife had intermittent problems with the phone. We attempted to exchange it but seller deferred, stating it was needed to be done within 30 days.Our philosophy has been - You sold us a defective phone,your company take it back.I purchased the identical phone  (Blackberry Bold 9930) from  CatchIT Groupe here on Amazon. It worked perfectly from day 1. I'd suggest to others to purchase there phones from them instead. Regrettably, I thought we were purchasing it from  CatchIT Groupe here on Amazon. I should have been more diligent.

i didnt get the things that were promised with the phone.  It was a used phone, which should have been new

I was looking forward to this phone very much but only got to use it for 3 weeks as the trackpad stopped working and also the lights on the key board only worked for some letters and when i asked for a replacement it had no warranty i am very disappointed and will never buy from here again

If you are a Blackberry pre-OS10 fan, this phone is it. It strikes a great balance between touch screen capabilities and physical keyboard. The 9930 is absolutely beautiful, I don't know how else to describe it. It looks like it was designed to the ultimate executive. The keyboard is awesome to use. I've had a Galaxy S4, Galaxy S3, Iphone 5 and Iphone 4S this year. While the 9930 does not have the specs of those phones, the Blackberry OS7  integrates so well with the phone hardware that you won't notice any lags in performance. You're not going to be able to play Infinity Gauntlet or any of the higher-powered games, but chances are you don't really care about that if you're looking at a Blackberry 9930. The 9930 is amazing at what it's supposed to do, which is a communication device. It's not pretentious.If the iPhone is the Lexus of smartphones, and the Galaxy S series is the Mercedes, then I would say Blackberry is the Audi of Smartphones. I would recommend this phone to any professional looking for a streamlined device aimed at productivity.

We have had two of these brick within the last month.  Flashing red-light of death, not able to be revived for love or money.  What a pile of crap.  Such a shame, I've had a long successful run with many generations of Blackberry devices, but the 9930 should be a total embarrassment to RIM.  Many, many dead devices, with no support or solution available from RIM.  I've wasted 8 hours today alone trying to revive a dead 9930, and just gave up.  The second failure in 2 months.  Verizon is just as bad, not standing behind the devices and/or forcing RIM to resolve the issues with the 9930.  "too bad" is the answer from Verizon.

Lo recomiendo, elegante dice&ntilde;o, es veloz y recibe los datos y pines full rapido, facil de  manejar y muy practico.

The phone disappointed me very much. For started it had a crack on the front. Other than that the appearance wasn't bad. The phone turned on the 1st day and Never again needless to say it was a complete waste of my money.

This phone is not unlocked at all you must have a contract for at least 60 days with verizon. Had to pay an extra 20 dollars for an unlocking service over the internet

Got this one because I had been doing a lot of emailing and texting on my iPhone 4 in recent days and wanted to have an actual keyboard on my phone again. So I've been playing with it the last couple of days, updating my Facebook account, taking notes, etc., and while it is great to have actual keys again instead of tapping on glass, this isn't the &#34;best keyboard on a Blackberry yet&#34; (which seems to be something they declare each year on whatever the newest Blackberry is).The honor of &#34;best keyboard on a Blackberry&#34; would have to go to the 8300 series Blackberry Curve. Distinct, rounded individual buttons and a backlit keyboard combine to make very fast touch-typing possible on a mobile phone. Based on personal experience, the results from the 8300 were fast and accurate. (Auto-correct? What's that?)The 9930 keyboard, on the other hand, has a subtle angled bevel and is somewhat flush with the surface, which makes the keys a little less distinct from each other. Better than the iPhone, but it isn't quite up to 8300 standards. If only the 8300 had 3G/4G, Wi-Fi and a faster processor.

NO LO COMPREN ESTE TELEFONO OBVIAMENTE ES USADO O RECONSTRUIDO, ADEMAS TUVE QUE DESBLOQUEARLO Y VENIA CON EL SISTEMA OPERATIVO 7.1, APARTE QUE EL CARGADOR Y EL CABLE DE DATOS ES DE UN BLACKBERRY 9000 Y LOS TERMINALES DEL CARGADOR ESTABAN OXIDADOS, TUVE QUE COMPRAR EL CARGADOR AQUI EN VENEZUELA

The reason for my low rating was that the phone itself was good but, it did not charge. No matter what charger I used it would just run out and die

So here's the thing about blackberries.  You either love them or you hate them.  Those IPhone users that give me a hard time for still having a blackberry would never like ANY blackberry no matter how great it was.  And those of us who have a blackberry know its limitations compared to an IPhone. So I'm assuming that if you are considering the 9930, you already know that you prefer the Blackberry over and IPhone or any other device, and this review is geared toward you.To summarize for those of you who may not have ever had a blackberry and are considering one ~Pros of a Blackberry:BBM - Instant text messaging over the network to other blackberry users that is fast (instant), reliable, and FREE.. even internationally.  I love this because I have a lot of friends overseas that have blackberries and it enables me to communicate with them easily and free. You can create groups, and share photos... it is by far my favorite part of a blackberry.KEYBOARD - I love love love the real keyboard and cannot stand a touch screen keyboard.WORKING - Great for corporate email, stuff comes in fast/instantaneous and you can actually look at work documents on it in a functional way.Cons:WEB BROWSING - Pretty much sucks. It will never compare to an IPhone. But, on the 9930, it is so much immproved over an other blackberry that I've had that you can definitely web browse on it when you need to, I just don't think you sit there and browse the web on it just for fun.TOUCH SCREEN - If you are into that. This blackberry does have a touch screen but it's not great.APPS - Not as many apps as on an IPhone, and they aren't updated for bugs as frequently.Bottom Line - If you are a blackberry person and use it for things like I do, this is the best one out there and the best one that I've ever had. It does come closer than any other Berry to matching the competencies of an IPhone, but it will never be quite there... but having its own competencies that an IPhone lacks.

Ok at first the battery of this phone was old and that was the only issue apart from having to properly unlock it on mh own... now the stupid phone in total is just crap... amazon is &#34;trying&#34; to fix this issue but there are limitations, my apologies but I do not recomend this phone u should only b desperate to buy it... sorry but thats the truth

Been using it for a year not bad, but sometimes gets stuck and then I have to remove the battery to get it done. But not a bad phone it is great and its a touch for a very low price!

FIRST OF ALL...Let me start by saying I received it and it was in good condition, HOWEVER IT WAS STICKING FROM DAY 1 I RECEIVED IT.THE TRACKPAD STOPPED WORKING SOON THEREAFTER ABOUT 2 MONTHS LATERTHE PHONE WAS CONSTANTLY BLANKING OUT AND RESTARTING ON ITS OWN, ATLEAST 3 TIMES A WEEK FROM DAY 1 AS WELLAND AFTER 4 MONTHS, THE PHONE HAS STOPPED WORKING ALTOGETHER. NOT EVEN THE LED LIGHT COMES ON. TOOK IT TO 2 OR 3 TECHS AND THEY SAID IT IS BEYOND REPAIR.THIS PHONE IS REASONABLE AND ALL BUT IT IS NOT HOWEVER A GOOD BUY.THIS IS SAID TO BE ONE OF THE BEST BLACKBERRY BECAUSE OF ITS DURABILITY AND PERFORMANCE BUT THIS IS NOT THE CASE!!!!!!THOUGH IT MAY FUNCTION FAIR TO GOOD IN THE BEGINNING IT GENERALLY DETERIORATES IN A VERY SHORT SPACE OF TIME.ALTHOUGH 5 STAR REVIEWS WERE GIVEN YOU SHOULD STILL CHECK THE 1 STAR ONES AS WELL BECAUSE THE PPL WHO RATED 5 STARS WILL PROBABLY BE BACK TO DETEST THEIR PREMATURE RATING!

Had trouble with the unlocked version; had to change operators in order for it to work here in Brazil.  In this sense, the experience was a little frustrating because it doesn't work with all Cellphone Companies.  My tip would be for anyone to make sure to get a quadband cellphone always; perhaps it was my ignorance, nonetheless, had this kind of trouble.

Watch out! Not unlocked! If the phone is not unlocked, just do not write it in the description. This phone was shipped to a place where there is no Verizon connection. So I had to pay for an unlock code online. If it was unlocked it would be all fine for me.

Excellent condition.

After using blackberry for 5 years, I decided to switch it up by getting a Samsung Fascinate. The functionality of the phone was great, but there were two primary problems. The e-mail was not great nor was the screen based typing. This phone solves both of those problems. I have been waiting for a blackberry with the right combination of solid construction and touch screen functionality, and we've finally gotten it. The only downside with the blackberrys in general is the lack of apps. However, I have all of the essential apps. that I need.

I bought it from a friend overseas, he told me that he had problem getting the signal. I feel bad having purchased a phone that does not work properly.

So I bought the phone unlocked to use with other service provider, within and outside the US. However all the tools of the phone can't be utilized. The Email Setup  does not work after being unlocked and it seems there's no way of getting around that.  The built in navigation also tends to not work as well.. I consider these things to  be minor, being that the phone is my secondary phone but for someone might have a need for the faulty features mentioned above, I'd say reconsider.My opinion: if you really want a phone like these with similar features, get the phone from either a previously t=mobile or at&t; owned blackberry.

The Phone is ok i am plesed but the battery dies so fast. I wish they had longer battery life

I came to write my opinion of this phone, but the review from E. Byer says it all for me. Like that reviewer I have run the gamut of phones, none of which compares in any way to this BB. This phone is superb and RIM - if this keyboard is ever altered in anyway on future phones I will be next in the long line of BB lovers to whack the CEOs across the head. No other phone keyboard compares to it. I saw somewhere complaining that the Bold's size is 'too big'. Puzzling as I am a small woman with proportionately sized hands and the phone is very comfortable.Love it. Period.

It is a locked phone. I cannot use it for AT&T.;I returned it to seller.Recommended for Verizon only.

Bought this phone as a Christmas gift for someone .. They love it and have absolutely no problems with it  as stated it was brand new .

it's amazing phone if you love keyboards. The touchscreen is a nice bonus, it's smooth and fast. But it doesn't have all those fancy features of the higher up smartphones but i don't care abt that I like to keep things simple.

I shipped this phone to my partner. The phone does not load internet even using gsm system. She charged as per book, but when she turns on phone immediately shuts off. Not good!  I am not exactly happy!  This phone is supposed to be totally unlocked and compatible with the GSM of other countries. So my opinion is disappointment, as this gift has backfired. My fiancee is not pleased.

At first i would encounter problems hearing the caller.  I would have to take out the battery and restart the phone so it works well again every so often.  Now i am having problems with the keypad.  If possible i would like to return this phone because it is really not being effective.

on page says it is a unlocked phone, which is a lie comes from the sprint company which does not work in my country Colombia and also the phone does not work it seems that is damaged, I just lost 310 dollars, no answers for this product buy this phone do not recommend it to anyoneen la pagina dice que es un telefono desbloqueado, lo cual es mentira viene de la empresa sprint el cual no sirve en mi pais colombia y ademas el telefono no funciona parece que esta da&ntilde;ado, acabo de perder 310 dolares, nadie responde por este producto no compren este telefono no lo recomiendo a nadie

I bought three unlocked smartphones (on Amazon) to use and evaluate: Samsung Galaxy 4, Nokia 920, and Blackberry 9930. After six months experience, here are my thoughts.I have relied heavily on my PC and a dumb cell phone for more than 20 years, but I finally decided to get a smartphone.As a user I like the Samsung least in terms of its user interface and focus on advertising stuff. The Nokia 920 has a brilliant screen and the best graphics for games and movies.  But as a communicator, the BB 9930 is the best!To quote a line from the movie Star Wars regarding the Millennium Falcon, "it's got it where it counts". If your focus for a phone is (1) phone calls, (2), SMS, and (3) email, then Blackberry 9930 (also 9900) is the best. Virtually no advertising fluff is imposed on the user.As I said, I wanted a phone, first and foremost. However, you might be interested to know that it is also a brilliant MP3 player.Here is some other information which I hope some readers find helpful.P. S. My service provider is Telna, which I have used for years. Their pay-as-you-go, no-subscription-contract (for voice, SMS, and data) is brilliantly cost-effective! Their GSM sim card interfaces perfectly in the Blackberry 9900/9930.P. P. S. I read the reviews of some users who have encountered SETUP PROBLEMS. As I said above, I have an unlocked Blackberry 9930, an unlocked Nokia 920 and an unlocked Samsung Galaxy 4, all purchased from Amazon. Please be aware that all unlocked phones have setup challenges that will be "learning curve" for the new buyer. Here is some help for the BB 9930/9900.I believe most of my comments below would apply to 9900, but please be aware that the 9900 does not support CDMA; the 9930 is both GSM and CDMA capable.If you are getting the "ACTIVATION REQUIRED" message at the top of a Verizon BB 9930 that is supposed to unlocked, the message is misleading. I eliminated this message as follows.There is a CDMA screen for the 9930. You can access it by dialing ##000000 from your Blackberry 9930, which will take you to the "CDMA Service Edit Screen", where you can edit some settings.Edit the "Mobile Directory Number" there (it may be blank or the some vestigial Verizon phone number) and enter your phone number that you are using with your SIM card. This eliminates the "Activation Required" heading at the top. Be careful not to change anything else on this screen.INTERNET BROWSING is accomplished as follows.First, you must specify your APN for your service provider. My service provider is Telna, and their service is very cost competitive and works very well with the BB 9930.Goto to 'Options' on the Home screen.Goto to 'Device'.Goto to 'Advanced System Settings'.Goto to 'TCP IP'.Enable "APN Settings".Specify "APN: " with the URL from your service provider.In my case I did not check "APN Authentication Enabled:".You probably should leave blank "Username for APN:" and "password for APN:"Browsing the internet works quite well as follows:(1) Use the native BB browser for web access via wifi; the BB browser will refuse to connect over GSM.(2) Use Opera Mini for web access over GSM; Opera Mini will refuse to connect over wifi. Install app "Opera Mini" as a browser using "Blackberry World". Note, you must be connected by wifi to use "Blackberry World". Search for and install "Opera Mini".(3) To minimize data charges, I keep "Data Services" turned off. I turn it on only when I want Opera Mini to use GSM, and incur data charges. From the Home screen, goto "Manage Connections", "Network and Connections", "Mobile Network", and adjust the setting for "Data Services".BLACKBERRY 9930 MANUALThe online manual is excellent. Search forBlackberry 9930 "User Guide" .If you read this far, I hope it was helpful.

I decided to get the BB 9930 because its the best QWERTY BB ever according to many BB fans. I have been using iPhone for 2 years and dislike the virtual qwerty board especially for mobile email use. There were quite a few poor reviews and I hesitated before finally going for it. The phone arrived quickly and was easily activated. Voice, txt, and browsing all worked well (and I find the browsing faster than my iPhone service). I did have a lot of difficulty with email setup and had decided to return it before I realized that I needed to go to [...]integrate rather than the setup app on the phone. For those of you considering this phone, remember it is a true smartphone and not as plug and play as many others. You have to know what you're doing or get appropriate help from Blackberry websites including the amazing forums online.

I received this phone in a week after placing the order. It was just as promised unlocked and brand new. Worth every penny if you are a frequent traveler. Also the camera on it is awesome and its super fast. Many thanks to the seller!

First was the audio problem after 1 week of using this Blackberry 9930 so I resorted to using ear phone to receive my calls since my callers could hear me but I couldnt hear them. Few days after, the audio was back only for me to wake up in the morning and the phone was frozen with only the red light flashing. I have done a couple of hard reset all to no avail. I'm really really sad.

I bought it as a gift and the person is so happy with it. I had to purchase and unlock code. The reception of phone is good.

the more bad phone I've had since I regret to buy it for its short memory Friza this is a total bummer fast download

Got it 2wks and Im just in heaven...... Only thing wrong with blackberry is that Skype isn't downloadable.... But value for your money.... Touch screen plus QWERT keyboard... best phone ever.

Works all over the Caribbean and SA.  It even works in USA.  No complications.  If you are looking for a truly international phone that Rocks, this is it!

Of course it's a great phone - read the technical reviews.  I'm writing this so buyers will closely inspect the phone they receive to be sure it's actually &#34;new&#34;.  My purchase came from Ross Cellular.  Good thing for me that my son has better eyes than me and immediately saw the wear marks on the bottom of the phone and the scratches all around the charger port. If you're on the downside of 50 years old (or even 40), get out a magnifier as soon as you get the phone and make sure it's actually new. Myself, I don't have time to take a risk on a used phone that's purported to be new.

I won't be purchasing anything ever again from Inventory Planet, they sell defective and used items. Please take caution before you encounter the same problem i did.

Lo compro mi hermano y sirvio perfectmanete en digitel de Venezuela. Recomiendo al vendedor bluetech y el courier un2x3. com

Packaging and delivery of the product was good. However had a bit of issue using the product as sometimes it was difficult to hear a conversation of teh phone during a call. I had to get a local it to resolve the problem. So far it had working very well.

me llego a tiempo como se dec&iacute;a, en caja sus accesorios, funciona bien levanta 3G con digitel, verifiquen bien que el vendedor tenga buena reputaci&oacute;n y compren seguro

One completes swindle these gentlemen sold a cell phone brought by the company verizon. they are a few swindlers Cell Lounge.Never do algun type of business with these swindlers.nunca hagan negocio con estos estafadores el celular no sirve para nada yo tuve que venderlo como partes o repuestos.

I'm so happy for getting this. Trust me you won't regret it. And the store I shipped from (Devices Now) was so quick with my order. Anyone getting this phone, I'm telling you-you will not regret it!

all I know they say its unlocked I put a T-Mobile sim card in. a hold bunch of Verizon stuff kept popping up

this product was as described.lts used but like new.l would recommend a friend to buy it for future use.love it

I have been through almost all BB smartphones and to date this is the best. The look and feel of it is amazing. It has 6GB of memory on the device itself, the camera is superb n not mention the video which is recorded in HD. Have a few music videos on mine and it is crystal clear can hardly tell the difference between it n tv. However at times I have to do a battery pull as I cannot hear nething whenever I answer the call. Finally, the shipping was super fast. I got my BB before the estimated date. Buy this device and you will never be sorry. Thanks Amazon.

I purchased this phone a couple of weeks ago and a friend of mine just brought it from the US to Argentina 5 days ago when i started to use it. The phone is good, the size and functionality is good, BUT the battery either it came faulty or it has a problem.I charge it to full all night long, and after a regular use of 6 hours the battery goes dead... I'm really dissapointed!I'd like to get some type of help on this matter. This is my 5th Blackberry over the last 5 years and this is the worst performing one. I believe it came with a problem and i need to solve it...Rodrigo

this phone is a good buythe phone is brand new, works well and i will recommend this phone to anyone who is seeking interest in buying

Gave me Problems did not read my sim & was not unlock Not cool after I paid $118+ extra to get it quick.Plus phone was not in great conditions!

I must admit that I was a little bit worried reading many low stars ratings, but I bought it the same.The package is arrived after two days and, unlike many other said, the phone was brand new, with still the plastic wrap outside from verizon and on the label stated &#34;Verizon / GSM Unlocked&#34;. As I slit in the sim card it connected to tmobile and now I'm using it.This is my first blackberry so I'm having some problems to understand how it works, but I will learn soon.

Ok, just got this phone a couple weeks ago and frankly it's disappointing.  I miss my Tour.  The touchscreen is useless.  Why they even wasted the time with touchscreen is beyond understanding as the screen is just too small.  MOST IMPORTANTLY, battery life sucks.  I've had two occasions where I haven't even been using the phone and the battery life has drained for no apparent reason.  Bluetooth is shut off, wi-fi disabled and still battery drains quickly.  Fortunately this phone is provided by my company's plan so hopefully I can get this rectified.  Perhaps a faulty battery is the excuse, but I'd steer away from this one if I were you.

i didnt have the band open. had to pay 50 dollars in south america to unlock it. then they. they said they were going to give me back the 50 dollars and they didnt.

the way it looks whats perfect the only thing i did not like it i can not have tango becaause blackberry sistem

Avoid This Phone, read the one star reviews (I unfortunately didn't)  These phones are NOT NEW at all! maybe refurbished at best. I ordered one and came with a small chunk of rubber missing from the bezel and all in all the phone did not feel like a new device. Be warned

So disappointed bought this gift for my father at first he was so happy bec he loves the phone and its features but after a week the battery was draining fast to think that he seldom uses the phone. He also said it takes up to 5 hrs for the battery to be full. Too sad that we cant return the item because was delivered through courier since my father lives in another country and will cost us too much just to return it....

Loved this phone but was missing the sim card which I think made the call reception a little weak, the other blackberry's that I had did not have this problem.

A very good phone. When received  looks exactly like new. I have been using it since and it has no problem at all. A very good value for the price.

I reached out to K&K; directly but received no response. They did not deliver a Verizon Phone but a T Mobile. As some of you may know, Verizon won't allow other coded phones on their network.  I sent them a note to inform me of how they would like to rectify but received no response.I would steer clear due to lack of responsiveness

There are four keys that doesn't work, so i can't make phone calls and the battery only lasts till midday with full charge,

the phone is no good the key pad sticking  and the back lights does go off  all the time this seller Ross cellar aint good  they sell me a  defective phone

The purchase of equipment and transfer to the proper destination in total agreement with no problem at all, besides the computer works great. The only thing I would advise is that the characteristics of the equipment he placed the bands which is team is open, because depending on that, for example here in Venezuela some phone work for that company for telecommunications and other banking work for another company and depending on that would lift the 3G phone or not, for other well. pleased

Miserable Mac compatibility.  How come I can transfer photos from my camera to my computer with ease, but Blackberry requires me to jump through hoops.  First I have to upgrade my OS, then I have to download their software, then when I sync it to my Mac, I can't simply transfer my files from the Blackberry memory to the Mac.  The files have to be on an SD card to transfer.  I'm wondering when I buy and install the SD card, transfer all the pictures from the phone memory to the card, then try to transfer, what b.s. Blackberry will throw at me next.  I'd have been better off with a disposable camera than this frustrating "smart" phone.  Wasted my whole night trying to transfer pictures.  What's the point of a great camera if you can't transfer the photos.  And no, e-mailing them one by one is not an acceptable solution.

THE PHONE WAS USED AND REPAIR. I BOUGHT IT LIKE NEW. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE? THEY SELL LIKE A NEW ITEM AND IT IS NOT!!!!I WILL NEVER USED AMAZON AGAIN.

they told me that it was new when i opend the phone and it said my number is 323 are code clearly they didnt do a good job erasing all the info  there was also a nick on the chrom part , now i understand why

After a few weeks of purchase, this phone has shut down with a blinking red light only. It would never come on regardless of several attempts to change the battery or charge it. I am totally unhappy with this as I thought I was paying for quality and a stress-free phone.

One of the things that I like this phone because it is fast! It has good camera quality; good graphics; has a great storage capacity. I would definately recommend!

the phone keeps rebooting on its own...  i think i'm going to return it if it doesnt work by this evening

all in all, it was a great device, hardware wise at least, im absolutely in love with the keyboard. but compared to today's other smartphones, it feels very with its os.

Its capabilities are good, even for a blackberry and I mean that with respect to how bb's freeze on you but this is a good integration of keypads and touch screen. I would recommend this for any bb lover.

My buddy is very thankful and happy for this blackberry, its brand new and comes in its original box, the touch screen is just really great..

Very good price for very nice and good product. Same blackberry problem: the battery.  That smartphone is really and strongly recommended for managers and professionals.

For all the skeptical people out there who wanna order this phone, but keep on reading the negative comments.... &#34;Just order the phone!!&#34; . I was one of them who took a chance and did. The phone came new, with everything  and its UNLOCKED. Its a great phone, feels sweet in yr hand and the keyboard is SMOOTH. Jus order it!!

I fell totally in love with phone!! I couldn't picked a better phoneto upgrade to! Blackberry rocks! Can't wait for the Q10!

i have absolutely no issues at all this item is really sweet i hav also recomment other friend to shop here

I LOVE DT ITS BOTH TOUCH N KEY PAD BT READING THE REVIEWS I DNT KNO WAT TO BELIEVE. CAN SUM1 PLEASE LET ME KNO IF ITS UNLOCKED N IF THERE'S BATTERY OR OTHER PROBS WITH IT? I WANT IT TO BUY 1 TO USE IN JAMAICA...

i never got my phone , i contacted them and they just didnt do anything about it , i called my postal service and they never got the package . they never sent me a new phone and they never refunded me the money .. i just wasted almost 200$ for nothing , the worst costumer service , i am still disappointed to this day and im warning you dont do the same mistake i did , its just a scam they take ur money and u dont get anything .. !

They sent the phone, at day 1 it worked normally, then started to reboot itself, and now it simply doenst turn on, totally dead, and the battery has a very big impact like it has been dropped or something, total waste of money

The blackberry is a very nice phone if you looking for a simple phone to get your business done , this phone I bought bran new but I think it was refurbish and market as new but I like it ..

This phone is not as described.it is supposed to be a new phone but obviously it's a refurbished phone.I wish I could return it but the phone is already in Africa. Too many problems with the phone.

Great phone truly amazing enjoying to the fullest....one issue in the beginning with freezing and hour glass updated the phones software and works like a baby

Could somebody please tell me if this phone is unlocked or not? It says Unlocked and at the same time Verizon, which is confusing. I have no intention to use this phone in the USA, so want to be sure that I will be able to use it back at home. Thanks!

I did not return this item because I did have a phone to use in the meanwhile. this seller hides or removes carriers' logos and sells them. I received a pre-owned or pre-activated Verizon wireless cellphone slated as &#34;new unlocked.&#34; This is the first time that happens to me on Amazon and I would ask those who choose items based on the sellers'descriptions for their purchase to stay away for this guy.

THis is hands down the best smart phone I have had, I have been an Android user since they started , and I like Android, but for sheer user friendly function,combined with a sleek elegant design, the Bold takes it!  The design is sleek and solid, quality  you can feel the moment you pick up the phone, I find BB apps quite adequate, I dont play games and watch You Tube on my phone, I text, email , call, map , find restaurants and shop, and I can do all of those , with the combination touch screen and track pad the function is smooth and easy, clarity is great, camera good,  I was more than pleased when I pulled it out of the box, and have grown to love it more every day, the battery life is a full two days on one charge for me,I would and do , reccommend this phone to any one who values function and design over flash and cheap features , and you get the case with the phone, which puts the phone in silent mode in the case and helps save the battery, I use it , and it works perfect, plus keeps your phone is mint shape.

I purchased the 9930 and it was cheap! I also received a phone that was like new! I great deal for me, and I am happy to do business with this group again. Bravo.

I am very hard to please so believe me when I say great does begin to describe the customer service offered by these guys. There customer service queries are answered immediately almost like being in a real outlet. Wherever I was not satisfied I was advised on return policy and the Representative did everything to ensure I was satisfied. I am thoroughly impressed. When I need cell/accessories, I'll honestly check Levana's first.

I am not a heavy user so I thought that buying a blackberry would be OK. This time i did not care about losing access to many helpfull application o having a slow access to internet, (comparing with android o apple phones). I wanted to use my phone to call, text, and listen to music o taking a picture sometimes. Some day i realized that it was almost impossible to take a picture to a document because any time I tried it was hard to read from the picture, the camera it is very bad in short distances!!. Other day while in a low signal area the phone stop responding and i had to take the battery out, then, other day I had to take the battery out while listening to music, and even once while the phone was in airplane mode (I was in a flight) and I was listening to music I had to take the battery out because the phone stop reading from the SD. I have to say that I love blackberry keyboard and the way I can synchronize my data, but all those issues are not fear. In my case, the phone even had a a bit loose key.

Arrived on time, good method of shipement. Take note that for some countries you can't used it for the comunications. In Venezuela if you use it with Movistar you never get EDGE o 3G

The people of Anarchy made very sure to make it up for me after the wrong equipment was sent. They behaved like a truly caring and professional team. Thumbs up to AM!!

be very careful as this smartphone gets blocked even though the supplier offering the unlocked me pay more money to unlock the terminal please keep in mind. hopefully that other suppliers do not send blocked ..

everything works fine, but expecting a really new product, because maybe had some scratches due to handling in transport but acceptable ...

Its been 10 since i have had the phone in my possession and it has already stopped working... I'm sure the phone had issues that the seller did not mention. that was a wast of my time and a waste of my money.

My first Blackberry was a 9650 back in 2010 on Verizon. While even at the time it wasn't the 'in' thing it was definitely a solid phone that did what it was made for really well. This one is no exception and it does it all even better.Caution. Phone carrier rant ahead: Anyone with half a brain knows that the large phone companies are completely screwing us over with the price of using a phone. You know how much it costs them for you to send a text? ZERO. You know how much it costs  them for you to send 5000 texts? ZERO. I promise you it doesn't require $30 a month for them to keep your 2GB or less of data running either. I bought this phone partially because I wanted to switch to Straight Talk but I still had a couple months left on my Verizon contract that they rape you for if you cancel early. With this unlocked phone I was able to stay on Verizon's CDMA network until my contract was up then easily switch it over to Straight Talk (which is basically the AT&T; GSM network) by putting in the SIM card and just switching the system on the phone to GSM. For anyone interested, Straight Talk is a pay as you go plan that's $45 a month and it's unlimited everything. No contracts, etc. It worked without a hitch. End Rant.The phone itself I think is very underrated and under priced for such a high quality product. It's basically the same build quality as the iphone 4s or iphone 5. It's plenty fast and does what you like without any lag. For anyone having issues setting up email or accessing the web on the data connection, you have to activate the phone and wait for your carrier to basically tell the phone that it's okay for it to connect with them. This can take up to 24 hours after activating your phone. If it doesn't, call your carrier and they should be able to get you up and running. My only problem with the hardware of this phone is the battery. Compared to other basic phones and other blackberries it doesn't last as long due to the faster processor. I suggest buying a second battery just in case. They're only about $8 here on amazon. Overall you're getting a lot of phone that can keep up with a lot of the other smartphones out there for a MUCH lower price. I'm not disappointed in any way.

it ok but it keeps dropping signal and most time it doesn't even ring the phone has been giving trouble from I bought it .may I return it for another?

A perfect blend of the new touch screen technology and balance of the business model. The price was better than my service providers. I had to pay separate to get the unlock code otherwise it's  A great phone!

I like the phone. the OS was great and the phone came in good condition. Only problem I'm havin is that the phone randomly stopped getting notification and ringing sound and only vibrates and its not on the vibrate settings

I had many questions about this item because it's a gift. The company was very quick on getting. Ask to me with answers to my questions. I don't know how it works yet because, as I said, it's a gift.

the store was terrible, I made a purchase of a new product and I was sent a defective product used at the moment I am formulating the claim for returnwas my first online purchase and it was horrible

I have bought a lot of things through amazon before and I have always been very happy with my purchase but this phone sucks ! I payed extra money to receive the phone overnight and instead it came two weeks later, also nowhere in the product description it said that it will be an used phone whose battery heats up and you can't hold the phone while talking because its so hot ! And when it gets hot like that it drains the battery in a few minutes. I don't think blackberry products are bad, I just was unlucky to get it from a third party seller instead of amazon

IS THIS PHONE UNLOCKED? OR NOT? BECOUSE I SEE IN THE NAME OF THE PHONE THAT SAYS (VERIZON CDMA) Y THEN IT SAYS (GSM UNLOCKED PHONE)... CAN ANYBODY HELP ME PLEASE!!!ES ESTE TELEFONO DESBLOQUEADO O NO?, PORQUE VEO EN EL NOMBRE QUE DICE (VERIZON CDMA) Y DESPUES DICE (GSM UNLOCKED PHONE)... ALGUIEN PUEDE AYUDARME POR FAVOR!!!

The phone didn't come with the box. The charger is from another  brand. No USB cable. I paid for a new item. This was remanufactured as I read on the back.

This blackberry is excellent but the battery life is weak so exchanged for a 9780. Need the battery life for an entire day.

looks brand new works well i loved it thanks for this product it was worth the money everything work well i love that it is touch screen very very great..

I bought and received this phone. The first week it worked just fine and after that it started to malfunction. I've researched on the internet only to find out that RIM is calling all the released BB Bold 9930 back to the factory because this phone has technical issues which must be fixed by RIM. Now the only logical thing that remains is to send it back to the seller and hope to get back a full refund.

Best phone ever. Switched back from z10 to the bold. New blackberry is terrible but this is the best phone ever made for emails and business.

The Cell Phone came with default, the screen did not work, you buy low back condition and is observed to be rebuilt, send it back to the buyer to New York from Venezuela, q promised me they were going to replace with a new one which was I sent another fake you rebuild without battery.

This review is regarding a &#34;new&#34; blackberry 9930 from TECH COMMUNICATIONS / TABLET DISTRIBUTORS(the company name switched shortly after ordering for some reason)The good..shipped fast, prompt response from customer service.Now the bad news.. I ordered a NEW phone, the item i received was clearly used. The box it came in was fake and not sealed, It had &#34;blackberry mobile device&#34; printed on it but it wasn't the correct font and it didn't look anything like the verizon wireless/blackberry box i was expecting.The phone itself had markings where I could see there was repeated removal of the battery cover, four of the keys on the top of the keyboard would stick a little, on close examination of the water damage indicator sticker it looked as if someone attempted to scrape off the red pigment in order for it to look like there wasn't any water damage. last but not least it had the previous owners cell phone number still on the device.After contacting TECH COMMUNICATIONS / TABLET DISTRIBUTORS they informed me it must have been a mistake and that they can exchange it.. but I decided to just go through amazon and get a full refund.

good night .. I have a question .. telephony is that the phone and how many are available?Please respond as soon .. good night

ME ESTAFARON, JUEVES PAGUE UN ENVIO RAPIDO, ME COBRARON, PASARON 5 DIAS Y TODAVIA NO LLEGO, SE ME VA EL VUELO Y NO TENGO EL TELEFONO! MUY DESCONFORMETENGO QUE MOLESTAR VECINOS, DEVUELVANME EL DINERO DE MI ENVIO

i am not happy with the service Amazon offers. i bought the bold touch 9930 and from the day i got the phone it keep shutting off and freezing. currently it is not coming on. i cannot believe that people would really sell something like this with a bad circuit board. i will never ever shop on amazon again!!

no problem with the performance of the phone but some letters on the keyboard are hard to hit have press hard in orther for them to show

great product,everything is working perfectly for now.no visible defects and most features on the phone are accessible.overall it's a great product

i hate this phone bought it brand new on line and when it reach to me its was a refurbish phone....

This is a big step for rim. I loved the phone. It came fully unlocked and all of its features were available right at my finger tips directly out of the box. I would recommend this phone for any BB lovers out there, and highly suggest it for anyone looking for a nice and affordable phone. Its got a good sold build, and makes you feel as if your living life in the slow lane. The keypad is extremely nice and I like the back-light to it! Overall this phone is a go for all BB lovers, and you just want a phone with a sold build, touch screen, and back-light keypad this is definitely the way to go!

Buy this computer because it is &#34;the best&#34; that has gone on blackberry products but when you try to activate the internet to pin downloads and updates, the computer did not work, I've spent a lot of money on your repair.

the phone I purchased through Amazon could not be used by me and  was already assigned a phone number and after much running around to Verizon stores, I had to return the phone through the postoffice - a huge inconvenience.  .  It was a very upsetting experience and I do not understand how Amazon could sell me a blackberry that was already in use with another and had an assigned phone number in place.  The inconvenience and bad faith I experienced made me think Amazon is not selling products that customers can always use.  I am dealing with a serious bone fracture and this made everything worse.  Why would I use Amazon again for anything?  Suzanne Hebron

Great product - great company that sold it to me.  One of my keys on my blackberry was not working and I'm lost without my BB. I needed a new replacement at a reasonable price and I got it here at Amazon with this vendor.  Great packaging and it came with instructions on how to backup my device and restore it on my new BB.  Plus an 800 number to call if I had problems.  I would order from this vendor again !

This is a great phone. It combines both the touch screen and key pad which is a great advantage fort those who love the touch screen but hate that it is easily damaged. My one problem is that the battery life is HORRIBLE. The battery does not last a day I have had my phone for over a week now and I have had to charge it EVERY night because the battery is dead. And that is on minimal use. I can't imagine how much faster it will die when I really start putting it to use...

Item received in better condition than expected and works great...I bought this as a gift and the person loves it

Es uno de los tantos celulares que en venezuela se estan usando y tiene una gran demanda en la venta

I ordered this phone about 1 month ago and i was really excited because i was getting a good phone for a good price but then my surprise when i got the phone was that it had scratches in the back and front. Now it keeps reseting all the time, i changed the battery but nothing. im really dissapointed because for almost $400 i was expecting something good and durable but the only thing i got was an useless phone that does not work. I would not buy this phone again.

cumple con las expectativas b&aacute;sicas de cualquier aparato de comunicaci&oacute;n  buena c&aacute;mara, buena resoluci&oacute;n y en v&iacute;deo buenas im&aacute;genes  buena se&ntilde;al el pin lo mejor que se ha podido inventar

Got this phone on friday. Im so disappointed!! This phone is suppose to hook up to sprint service..it does not!!! This is false advertising! Im definitely returning this phone.

I have had the  Bold 9930 on the Sprint network for about 4 months now.With the touchscreen and full keyboard this is a smartphone that is a tool for everyday life.The keyboard rocks,the best I have ever used.Texting and emails are a breeze.The BB7 OS is smooth and much less glitchy than BB6 was.Web browsing is much improved and with the touchscreen zooming in and out is simple and quick but it also has the trackpad for finer work.The screen resolution is bright and the speakers are loud and clear.The camera is 5mp and works well with the flash.Good all around phone,probably the best I have had

This phone was unlock the one I got was from verizon wireless. While the phone was unlock it was still saying "Actation Required" but simple and easy to fix that $30 should cover that fee. All the phone parts came in the blackberry box with aye leather case, (really nice case) no head phones but idk if thats how Blackberry  sells them now. Overall great phone and deal on this phone. Hope this review was helpful.

What the hell is up with these reviews?I've noticed on this phone, and many like it across Amazon, the ratings are hit-or-miss.Also, there are random reviews in spanish, which to me, is pointless since less than 10% of the world's population speaks it fluently. English is the universal language of the internet.The product is great. It's my first "smartphone" ever. I have big fingers, yet no problems with the keypad. I really like the keypad vs. touchscreen. Sending over 3 sentences on a touch screen is a pain in the ass. The Blackberry 9930 is one of the best choices for communicating online via messaging.#1 thing I've noticed: call voice clarity. Wow. It sounds like a land-line. The voice on the other end sounds as if I'm in a radio broadcast station, using high end audio equipment in an acoustically paneled room. This is likely one of the clearest and warm sounding phones on the market.The screen is extremely responsive. No lag whatsoever. Holds a charge very well (even with WiFi "ON").Still exploring the many uses this phone offers. It's a great triumph in human civilization to build such great devices. I'm going to enjoy this Blackberry and take care of it for a long time.*Regular camera and video camera failed to start when clicked upon. This is normal with the outdated firmware that comes with this product. If your blackberry has any unresponsive issues with apps, just download the latest firmware update from the blackberry website and you're good to go*

It arrived on time .just as I expected  works every well and I am pleased .I have no regrets about this purchase so far

Sprint and Verizon phones doesn't work 3G in Latin America because they are 900 mhz and in Latin America only a few companies work 900 mhz, other work 850mhz, and you can use this phone only in 2G.

works fine and i have no problems as yet with it, and i hope it continues to work that way ;)

Received this phone totally branded and LOCKED by Verizon. (And I don't mean partially locked - FULLY locked) Extremely deceptive.

No kidding when it comes to accurate descriptions of their items, like new if not new phone was delivered prompt and in clean working condition.  No complaints

I have had it for a few days. Admittedly,it is not the best phone out there because it does not have 4G.  There is a limited set of apps you can chose from and as someone said,and I agree that  BB always seems to be a year behind cutting edge. I will not give it 5 starts just for the facts above.However, let me set the record straight here: if I need to do anything that required more processor power, I will use my computer, not my smart phone. It is supposed to be a phone first and foremost.I'm not into the bleeding cutting edge and there is wisdom on building on what had worked. Maybe BB has understood that Apple and HTC will be the game players when it comes to carving up the next big thing. Instead, maybe BB has elected to focus on the two things that a smartphone is suppose to do first.Call quality = 5 stars because this sucker just does not drop calls. The Iphone does and HTP thunderbold gets confused at timesEmail= This guy is above and beyond and sitting with comfort ahead of the pack. Issues have been reported with BBS and Exchange sync but the details of the issues still need to be ironed out.battery life = Again great.Everything else works well and the features that actually made me buy the phones are:1- My old Nokia N95 died after 3 years of faithful service. The bold 9930 kindly accepted the sim card from my old phone and allows me to take my personal call on the Tmobile GSM network.2-My work number is on the cdma network and allows me to communicate with clients and the office between 10AM and 7 PM 5 days well.The phone works everywhere on the planet and I'm a globe trotter by excellence.Therefore, I have 2 numbers on a phone which never drops calls, and never seems to run out of battery. I also tie it to my left hand when I head out to work out every day at 10PM.I get the best of all the possible worlds. For everything else, my 4 year old lenovo still handles the jobs admirably...

I didn't buy mine from Amazon but feel inclined to write a review anyway. The 9930 is an excellent upgrade if you already have a Blackberry...it's speedy, the touchscreen is very crisp and vivid and works great, and OS7 works more smoothly than previous OS's. The battery should last a good day or two with normal usage, and it has microSD for all your storage needs. The phone's design is classy and professional, build quality is very solid. Nothing squeaks or moves around. Touchscreen+trackpad+keyboard shortcuts make this one of the best phones out there if you text, email, and use the calendar extensively. Unfortunately, the 9930 (or any Blackberry) will probably not appeal to those who don't already use Blackberry...it's one of those love it or hate it things and people used to iOS, Android or Win-phone will probably hate it.Pros-Very fast performance-Best physical keyboard you can find-Crisp and vivid display-Touchscreen is actually useful in many cases-OS7 is a significant improvement over previous versions-Excellent design and build quality-Good battery life (relative to smartphones in general these days)-All the little features/functions like keyboard shortcutsCons-Crappy camera-Shortage of apps and "fun stuff" that is standard on other platformsSide note...if you get this Verizon version unlocked, everything will work fine on GSM networks except 3g/4g...data only works on EDGE if you're not with Verizon

The sent product is used when the request was realized by the new one. It is disagreeable well when you wait for a new product and villains come.Shop:Cell Lounge Inc. order #934292

Buying this was a big mistake.  Don't waste your money trying to save money -- get a new one with a warranty.

Please can anyone tell me is this unlocked or locked phone? I want to buy it but im not in the US right now. I want to use it here in Afghanistan. but i dont know if i can use it here. Please help me with this.Thanks!

I like it because is an excellent phone is fast and it has a lot of funtion that make my life easy to work

Excellent phone i have the iphone 4 and 5 there are in my draw really don't need it as long i have my Blackberry bold 9930 also unlocked i just came back from Portugal phone is my best Friend i'm in the market looking to get another one if you don't have one you really don't know what you MissingPlease can someone tell me what model sim card

this as been one of the most affordable product  with a high working standards I have tell all my friends n sheared this link on social network so people can get on board n porches same

I've been through hell and back with phones, so forgive me for being pessimistic when I'm standing in the Verizon store wondering what's wrong with each phone they had.  I was ADAMANT that my next phone was going to be the iPhone5 because everyone has jump ship to buy one of these, and quite frankly I love how smooth and responsive my iPod Touch 4g is.  Well to backtrack, I have suffered through the BB 8320, BB 8330, BB Tour....got fed up with how underpowered and outdated they were with TONS of lockups and LONG resets, went to G1, DroidX, Fascinate....got fed up with just soooo many glitches in Android phones I can't believe anybody actually believes they like them...and believe me....as hesitant as I was...I purchased the Blackberry Bold 9930.  Why?  Why not the iPhone5?  For the following reasons:1. IT HAS AN INDICATOR LIGHT!  This technology is so dated that it's CRIMINAL not to include one on every phone manufactured.  If you are like me who is always in quiet environments and can't have ringtones or chimes going off all the time, then this is extremely valuable to you.  With the samsung fascinate I felt I had ADHD constantly checking the damn thing and actually used more battery turning the phone screen on and off.  Also BB has the best notification lights on their products hands down!  DroidX had one but it wasn't very visible.  Love BB for this!2. The BEST...and I mean this....THE BEST BB Keyboard I have every used!  It's soft to the touch, easy to press, extremely responsive, keeps up with you, and is wide enough for my big fat fingers.  BB...if you ever touch this keyboard and change it I will personally come to your headquarters and slap the CEO.  This is the best one ever!  I am so SICK and TIRED of these virtual keyboards I can spit.  I have more errors than I or the device can count, and I spend MORE time correcting one word than typing a new word.3. The screen.  This is where I think people need to wake up and truly assess the screen size.  It's absolutely stunning.  It looks better than a retina display imho, it's 2.8" but not just that...it's touchscreen....something that I begged and pleaded from BB for as long as I can remember (I think the G1).  Now I can just tap on the icons and simply tap on whatever I choose without a mouse cursor.  Also I thank you BB from the bottom of my heart for keeping the touchpad because you are the ONLY company that I can actually scroll into the middle of a word and delete and replace letters.  I can't stand those stupid touchscreen-only devices when you are typing a text message or web address and you miss a letter and you keep pushing with your index finger trying to get the cursor wedged between two small letters on a small screen.  NEVER AGAIN.  Also people argue "well you can blow up pictures bigger and view web pages longer."  Very true.  But in portrait view, the BB now offers the SAME width as all the other phones...go ahead and compare.  Sure you get some more real estate in Landscape...but to me it's still a 3.5 - 4" screen and I wouldn't trade a BB keyboard for anything in the world!4. FAST.  I MEAN...FAST.  This thing keeps up with every button I press and every icon I tap.5. Battery life is good.  Honestly I'm not jumping out of my seat saying "I can't believe how long this lasts."  It does last a long time (I'd say about 6-10 hrs depending on real usage) but no better nor worse than the competitors.  Gotta power that gorgeous display somehow right ;).6. 5mp Camera is nice.  The flash is great to have, but the pictures aren't as natural as a real camera flash.  I'm being picky, but I tell it like it is.  I really don't know what the iPhone camera flash is like, but I do know the pictures are crisp and clear on that phone.  These pics seem great to me as well, but I have yet to send one to someone to see how it looks on their phone.7. Design: Quite frankly I don't know what everyone is bickering about on the blogs, but apparently this Bold "look" has been replayed for a couple of years now.  What I say to that is: If it ain't broke don't fix it.  It's the most popular selling BB phone RIM sells next to the AT&T; Torch, it looks gorgeous to me (I love the metal all around the sides and the carbon fiber look to the back cover), so they could sell me the same looking phone in 6 yrs and I'd still buy it.  How many times do you watch your favorite movie over and over again knowing it won't change when you watch it?  What about the iPhone?  Black front, shiny back every time...still looks gorgeous (can't fault them for that).8. Speaker, speaker, mic, and vibration: You have to hear it to believe it.  The speaker on this phone is very loud and clear up to 85% volume (I notice more distortion past that).  I dare you right now to go find a speaker that beats this...go ahead...I will wait.  I have had one too many phones in my day and this one is the loudest and "clearest" relatively speaking of the bunch.  The way I test a speaker volume is to try it out in the store in a noisy environment.  If I can still hear the music AND it sounds good, then that is a good speaker.  All the devices out there can't match it.  Sorry but it's true.  The next speaker is the earset.  Sounds crisp and clear.  Something my Samsung Fascinate apparently knew nothing about (muffled, crappy, distorted).  The mic picks up my voice very well and people have commented ever since I got the phone that I sound clearer.  The vibrator on this phone is adequate and noticeable on a desk, but I still have trouble with it in my pocket (like every other phone on the market....they were meant to be worn on belts).9. Comes with a leather case...and a high quality one.  I always loved buying a BB for one of these.  It has the swivel clip so you can orient it on your belt as you please.I could go on and on about this but I'll stop here.  I RARELY write reviews unless I am in love with a product and THIS is a product I love.  I highly recommend it and if you have any questions my name is Ed at optomechesst@aim.com.

I could say many great things about the new BlackBerry Bold 9930 !I just went from an iPhone to BlackBerry for some reasons.. Not because I think iPhone is a bad smartphone, because it's not.. But I choose BlackBerry because I love the Qwerty keyboard.. And Bold 9930 has the best Qwerty keyboard I've ever tried.. I once had a BlackBerry Curve 8900 (nice one), and the Qwerty keyboard is more than a hundred times better!I was also very excited about how the touch response will work on the Bold 9930, and I can tell you guys, that the touch on Bold 9930 feels just as good as iPhone's screen, and better than most Android smartphones.. Although I mostly use the trackpad, the touch screen is a brilliant feature to have!Last... it's a beauty to look at ! Seriously... the most beautiful smartphone I've ever seen and bought.. It's a pleasure to hold this phone.. Feels good in your hands, and is clear when you talk on the phone, text a message or even just admire the beautiful screen..I hope this review will help you decide witch phone you should buy?

Compre el tel&eacute;fono por nuevo, 3G mas accesorios.  Me enviaron de 2nd.hand, sin earphones, 2G, sin manual de instruccionesEl telefono lo tengo en Ecuador y trabaja con limitaciones 2G. Tengo problemas para hacer el reclamo para re-exportar el mismo.No recomendaria al Provehedor  BLUTEKUSA
