
I charged it to full at 8.30pm and at 12.30pm next day it had 36% charge... What I did at night - nothing! I got this phone like 1 month ago and the battery is already dead and it freezes shortly while I am trying to work with its apps.

Good (mostly):Compact full function smartphone with keyboard is nice.  Very light.WebOS automatically backs up most of your data to the cloud, (but not your MP3's) which is useful if yuo lose yourphone or it dies.  Of course, this also locks you into replacing your phone with another Palm WebOS phone.Bad:No microSD slot.  Phone is limited to 8GB internal.No way to easily install themes or customize the look and feel of the phone.Backup data is not available over the web.  No way to get it onto another non-WebOS phone.Worst:Incompatible charger/data cable interface.  Not the normal microUSB connector like all the other phones/Palms.ATT store does not even offer replacement cables anymore for sale.  You must hunt and order online for these.Good phone with plenty to piss you off.

After doing an online chat with HP, a 50 minute phone call with AT&T, and a visit to an AT&T store, we determined that the phone would never work properly. The good news is that the Amazon retailer we purchased it from was fairly prompt in sending us a return authorization.

This is pretty much the smallest smartphone ever.  Love it for that.  There are a few software bugs that they're not going to fix, and there aren't the millions of apps like Apple or Android, but if you want a small phone that does email, maps and foursquare, this isn't a bad option.But mostly get this because it is small and relatively inexpensive.

I bought this phone for my honey because he went through a phase where he was moaning and groaning about how damn big cell phones are these days. He wanted to go back in time to a small flip phone and I knew I would no longer be getting the quick "I love you's" in between classes because those things are just too hard to type on.Well I decided I had found him the genius device in the HP VEER. It was shorter than his flip phone about the same thickness and just a little wider yet it had a full keyboard and internet capabilities!At first we both marveled at this device! It has the same slick interface as the palm pixie and palm pre's an interface I love! (even if it is a bit slow sometimes, hey it looks great!)Well after the initial marvel ran out I began to realize just how much you sacrifice for the sake of its tiny size. Typing on the keyboard was cramped, viewing pictures impossible, and the touch screen very laggy with poor response!I loaned my honey my iPhone 4 for a road trip and when he came back he didn't want to give it up because it was just so much easier to use! I ended up giving him my phone because I had been eyeing the white iPhone 4 and he hasn't looked back since.The biggest problem I had with the veer was paying so much for the data plan. The phone never allowed him to fully utilize picture messaging, Facebook, web browsing, etc... so it felt like a huge waste of money.Anyways your money is better spent on something different in my mind - an iPhone, droid, or blackberry are all better picks. And without cases these phones don't take up that much more room in your pocket, a sacrifice easily made for the added ease of use!

Product is very nice. Small and compact ,able to place in small places.pictures are very clear.i really enjoy using this product .

part of my problem with this phone is my server, but it has been easy to use and its size has not been a detriment.  it has not worked a couple of times and has changed an icon placement without my permission, but overall it gets a B-.

(I returned this phone, but the following is observation from first use.)I wanted a phone to replace my non-smart Gophone. I was sure to read reviews on this before I bought it. I was completely in love with the Palm Pixi, but after going through two of them after issues with the side buttons, I reluctantly moved to a Pre and discovered I liked it more. After all, there were plenty more apps compatible with it than the Pixi.After moving from Sprint network and operating a non-smart phone with AT&T;, I decided I wanted a smart phone again. I miss the versatility and interface of Palm and thought the Veer would be a great move forward.Wow--I expected it to be small, but when it was in my hands, it seemed even tinier! I really like the size, though. I managed to get 93% of the patches I used on my Pre onto this one. Everything was basically the same, which I was really relieved by. There's a place to slip on a wrist strap, which is nice. I'd need something like that. I like the front light bar it has that's similar to the Pixi--I was never fond of that Pre ball.I like the way it charges, but I don't like that the battery isn't removable and the headphone jack is magnetized. What if my silent button lost functionality? I would be hardpressed to find another way to hard reset. And another reviewer made a good point that the headphone jack would come off if pulled. I'm a clumsy person, and often I pull on my headphones by accident. I would quickly become weary of having to reattach after it became dislodged. (It's also a very small piece I know I'd lose.) Also, I want to be able to reuse my micro-to-usb cables. I try to keep multiple charging cables, and it would suck to have to buy more just for this phone.This is great for someone who wants or needs a small phone and and doesn't mind that the cables are different.

I've been very pleased with the HP Veer. I have one of the discontinued Touchpads, so the UI is very familiar. I feel like it hits a sweet spot in terms of functionality -- I don't need to use the smart phone functions much. The phone is small enough to fit in the change pocket in my jeans. It picks up my voice well, which is a problem for some phones I've tried.It's been working well as a Go Phone on AT&T;'s network. I haven't yet tested tethering, or integrating it with the Touchpad.

Using this phone now for over two years now.  Love the size and function but, it's a crying shame HP closed the doors on one of the BEST OS's for a smartphone.

The product is really awesome and I really like it.They ship really fastI love webosand hp veer

Item was shipped promptly, and in good shape. Exactly as described. The phone itself is sadly a dying breed. WebOS was the best phone OS out there, and never got its fair shake.

This phone does not work with ATT prepaid accounts (e.g., gophone account).  Call ATT in advance of purchasing this phone.

This is such an awesome phone. It catches people's attention, browsing is fast and snappy. 8GB memory and GPS built in. wifi, 4G what more one can ask.HP still provide great support and has mechanics to update the firmware from their site palm.com/rom I doctored it and updated with the latest firmware from HP/Palm website. I also unlocked it paying a site $17, but now there are free unlocking site available which I used for my other Palm Pre devices. I also use it without SIM using developer mode, given below. Has plenty of space for music and volume is pretty good in the internal speaker. Touchstone capabilities are awesome.  Unfortunately HP fumbled and stopped these line of products, but they are great and part of a history.Steps to bypass activation and use with just wifi: At the first screen to put SIM Card, using the keyboard type: BZ (those are the buttons for #*). dialer will appear. When the phone dialer appears use the screen to type: 3386633# and press dial. The phone will restart and you don't need a SIM card to use the phone. Use wifi for using like an ipod touch.

I like to use Webos phone. The price of the phone is reasonable but the posting cost is more than half of the price of the phone.

This phone is good for the standard needs, but does not match up with an Android smartphone.The screen is way too small. If you were going to buy a touchscreen phone, buy one with a bigger screen. It is fine to read text on, but I will definitely not be watching videos on my Veer.The keyboard is also quite small, which is very annoying as I am a pianist with long fingers and large hands. The keys also have a gummy/squishy feel, unlike most phones with solid buttons, so after a few months nail marks cover up the letters on the keyboard.The phone itself is tiny. The camera has no flash. To insert earphones, you must have a sort of connector, instead of directly attaching them to the phone. I found this incredibly annoying after losing the connector multiple times; it is quite small and hard to find after it is lost.Not a bad phone, but it does not match up with modern technology. Why buy this when there are plenty of better phones made for AT&T;?

i cant activate this device, lol. its just lying there. cos i cant see the 3G H+ E nor any other sign. in fact ther is no carrier data connectivity, im just tried of asking questions and maybe the device was not well unlocked and may be the device i just sick. im tired, i want to forget about it.

I have already owned the black Veer for about a year.  Love it enough to get the panda Veer as backup in case something was to happen to the first.  One noticeable difference between the two versions is the panda Veer is quite slippery.

I want to thank the seller for providing the unlock code and coming to the veer it is pretty stylish and fits perfectly into my hand.The problems arising with the phone are it doesn't have a good battery back up and sometimes the phone gets stuck , no zoom is available when we take pictures.

Amazing product from HP.it has everything a modern smartphone has: bluetooth, wi-fi, 5MP camera, email access etc..it integrates seamlessly with several accounts such as Facebook, Linkedin, Corporate email (Exchange), etc... As long as you configure your user profiles, the user contacts start to show on address book like magic!the email app is great: it works very well integrated to phone features like address book, calendar and tasks. no need to synchronize with your PC since online synchronization work great.the only drawback is the bluetooth file transfer, it simply doesn't exist: in order to transfer files from PC to it, you need to send by email or connect USB cable.the phone size is perfect for me, fits great on pocket and caught people's attention offten.there are several websites with free unlock procedure, I've followed the steps and can use it with a Brazil GSM sim card without any issues.what a shame HP is no longer producing phones, on many aspects WebOS is superior of iPhone and Android. e.g. WebOS multitasking is much better.

I am so glad I bought this phone. It is the perfect step between simple and smart phone capabilities.. and that is what I wanted. I love the size and feel of it. Fits perfectly in my pocket without looking bulky or threatening to fall out. The battery is acceptable considering I dont play games on it for hours. The catalog of apps available for this phone are very limited and basic but it has the ones I needed. If you want the step above a simple phone this is a good one. Typing is easy on it even with my big fingers. Love it!

i wonder if it is for gsm operator or not (can i putt sim-card??)??and hov long battery lastss??? please answer mee :)

Great phone at it's price.Never send it to HP's service. They lock the phones and do not give you the unlock code back.

This has to be one of my favorite ones. I just recently got my hands on this phone and I feel I don't need any other ones. It's small, don't get me wrong, but I think that just adds to its compactness. I just recently said farewell to facebook. (It's the biggest waste of time and I honestly don't need to know, nor do I care what my friends are doing with their lives). Facebook came standard, but I automatically removed it. I used to own the Palm Pre 2 from AT&T; but I bought it unlocked. That phone wasn't as good as this one is. The camera is awesome, battery life is what it is (can't expect 1000 days standby...) and the operating system is not only beautiful but fast and easy to use. I love the Blackberry OS (5 actually) because of it's simplicity, and I gotta say webOS is right up there with how awesome it is. If you're looking for a small, compact smartphone (about the size of a credit card, no really, and the width of a deck of cards), then this is the right phone for you. The keys are small but they are something you can quickly get used to. I do have a problem with the X key for some reason, I have to press it harder than the other ones, but that's not a big deal for me, especially since it's a letter that I rarely use.It really is a shame that HP smartphones/webOS went under. I'd much rather see Blackberry or Windows Phone go under, but see webOS afloat. The operating system is amazing, the app store is what it is (I don't care much for apps anyway, plus get your hands on the Preware and you can get apps not found in app catalog), and it's comfortable to hold. Not to mention it does raise a lot of eyebrows follows by ooh's and aah's!Great phone, great OS, perfect for my needs. 5 stars, hands down.

The title says that it's locked to AT&T, which I almost missed because I explicitly selected the "unlocked phones" category.

This is a fantastic phone.Small but it has everything you need, full web with flash, web os great notification/messaging features, 4g, hot spot built in, etc.Reception, call clarity on both sides are excellent.It is small and it is a slider and camera is just ok but all this for 100 bucks is great.Also ATT will unlock it for you you just have to fax them receipt and make a request.

Please, excuse my English, I'm not native, I'm trying to learn.I bought this item with some doubt, because I'm from Peru and I live here... after 01 month of used it, I think this is a great smartphone.When I received this, it was locked for AT&T; and for use it in the US; after search at Internet, I found a very useful article [...]; based on the instructions given in this blog, I have unlocked this smartphone, and I'm using it in Peru, with Movistar provider.The experience is great, the cell is very useful, the multitask is amazing.The cons are the limited app catalog, and the battery's life (12 hours or less).But, I'm very happy with this purchase. You must buy it!

in my estimation, this little thing is by far the best electronic device money can buy regarding its performance/price ratio. high skilled and enthusiastic palm engineers' vision managed to put this superb OS called webOS together and some HP hardware guys did a really good job in fitting this functionality into this size of quality hardware. whereas, palm management team's lack of marketing capabilities led this platform to be bought by HP, the management team of which lacks the vision of letting this platform (possibly the only serious alternative in iOS & android dominated mobile sphere) flourish.. resulting in 100$ levels of price tags for this marvellous orphan.

This is a good webOs phone. If you need a lot of application this is not your phone. But the VEER is the best small smartphone. The keyboard is big enough. :)

can someone please tell me is it fully unlocked i am thinking about getting this can someone please help me

Great phone, really cute; What I love most is the portrait slide qwerty keyboard, (I have issues typing on touchscreens). I don't really use the internet function so I can't review that, but it has nice sound, great little screen, and messaging and phone calls work.The photographs and video aren't as bad as I expected after reading other reviews.Overall very happy.

Had no complaints about this phone. I wish it could run on android, but it is likely impossible. I had switch to a BIGGER android phone. I miss this little guy though

HP Palm Veer 4G GSM SmartPhone is so cool,nice,small and comfortable smartphoneFor me it's even better than IphoneI like it

I have been using this phone for the last 2 months. Feature wise it is a nice small phone packed with all you want in a latest 3G phone. But the battery is really horrible sometimes I don't understand why the battery goes out so quickly. The talk time is also really bad less than 2 hours and I am always charging to keep it alive...

I gifted this phone to my fiance though the review of the phone is bad. Many times while we were talking in phone suddenly the call get disconnected. And many times the phone got hanged. Because of these frequent problems we got irritated and commented out each other. Some time my fiance felt that hit the phone to the wall also. Some times calls will go without making a call and you mobile balance will vanish. At last exactly after 8 months the phone is totally died. It sucks the battery.My suggestion is don't go for this mobile. Otherwise your relations will disturbed.

I order a black phone and white came in. Phone froze. Will not sync. with address with Chapura. Rather keep my old Pixu plus, works all the time.

I have only had this phone for a day and I think it is unbelievable for such a small little device!!! That was the one of the main reasons that I bought it. The others being that I wanted to have a secondary phone (I currently also own an iPhone 4) And I wanted to snatch up something with a web os platform before it was too late! I would recommend it...so far..if anything changes ill come back with an update!

I had the phone for a about a week or so and happened to have it in hand when I had a "moment of clarity". I was looking down at the phone, getting a feel for it(admiring mostly) when it dawned on me; I have a Star Trek communicator in my hand. How cool is that? One, phones go in pockets. If your complaining that movies seem small on your phone you should be taken out back and "re-educated", of course they are small it's a fracking phone. Complaining about the menu opening in half a second you might as well be saying your "diamond shoes are too tight" or the air conditioning is too cold(which is a real problem the irony is not lost on me but that's why we have blankets and/or more clothes, it's not rocket science people). Sorry for digressing..I've always wanted to say that. The review that best speaks to this phone was posted by someone who's name started with an "L" (for the life of me I can't remember where I read it, could of been the bay or some phone forum somewhere, I read a lot of them before buying)they said this phone is for people who want to get *#*$ done. I couldn't agree more, that's the essence, reviews don't get any better than that, and for that reason the phone is perfect. Yes the battery life sucks....you get one day. From morning to evening that's it.  Sure you can squeeze the juice a little bit here and there but personally I don't like seeing numbers in the 30-40% range somehow I equate that with being unprepared.  Alas, I haven't run in to a smart phone yet that shouldn't be charged every night but maybe that's just me. Luckily built in wireless charging is AWESOME and it's a shame that no other consumer products have adopted it (well the toothbrush people...they seem to get it. Which if I worked in some ultra cool lab somewhere or was management of said lab would be saying "THE TOOTHBRUSH people get it for &$&# sake! WTF is wrong with you people? Then I would be told to go sit in the corner.........again while listening to how "we just can't afford the extra $1.20 for wireless charging, jet fuel doesn't pay for itself". In conclusion the HP Veer is for the people that "get it" of course it's not for everyone, nothing is...to all the engineers, developers, and people who worked on this and other Web Os products...thank you.  It is a sad day when your product has been regulated to the "Arrested Development" of tech; but then again we managed to bring that back..........end of rant/end of line.

Ordered the veer as what I thought would be an upgrade to my beloved Palm Centro.  But without an SD slot, I really couldnt keep it so back it went. And I had had such high hopes too :(

Great product. Phone came exactly as described and I enjoyed it for the time it lasted. I broke it within a week after a drop to the ground with the screen shattered. Suggest buying a cover for this bad boy. I'm actually ordering another one because I liked the phone alot. Only problem as with any other smartphone is the battery life. Other then that you should buy it.

Poor choice an made worst by Nokia I just bought from you guys two days ago wish I knew I could return both for a better phone

I owned all kind of phones Windows Phone 8, Symbian, BB, iOS, Android. But this phone out of all of them is the most user friendly and comfortable.It seems like keys are small - BUT they r not, i typed messages twice faster then on any other touchscreen phone.Phone is small phone and doesn't look like u caring a TV in your pocket. WebOS is already proved to be best developers platform, and i can say it's the most flexible and easy to use from all the other mobile OS i've used. Yes it doesn't have millions and millions of apps but you can find all apps you would NEED - and most of them are free.I also own TouchPad from HP and TTS functionality is just awesome! $5 touchstone makes it easy to recharge wirelessly.Some ppl say that this phone is slow - not true. Phone is fast. As i said - WebOS is very flexable so u can accelerate it / overclock. Any phone is going to be slow if u r running 20 apps without closing processes. Also some ppl left reviews saying that it's hard to close apps - actually thats a lie - process of closing an app is easiest from any other phone - u just swiping app-card/window up.So please people - before posting negative feedback about great products - READ MANUAL and fallow instructions!

Menu is easy and easy. Visually beautiful. White Spots on the phone screen. Screen is damaged. Think before you buy........

Broke within 3 months of me having it and just wouldn't turn on.  It happened just outside the warranty so I had to eat the cost.

I bought this for my son after 15 days of service the phones screen went black and wont come back on!!

Love the size this phone - fits in  pocket without the normal smartphone cinderblock feeling.  3G speeds are good in my market - 2MB up and 4MB down on avg.  Could not get it to connect to TMobile H+ after multiple attempts with TMobile customer service. (not a deal breaker).  Recommend getting another charger because the battery is only good for a 10-12 hours of use from the go - I expect it to get worse.  The palm OS is by far the easiest I've ever used -  to include andriod and iOS.  Not going to get any real apps with palm but I knew that going in.  Has everything I need for email, talk, text, and light web use.  for someone who still wants a phone with buttons - I like this choice. No issue hitting the keys.

The phone came just as I ordered, was in perfect condition. I was very pleased. Would do it again anyday

I love this phone a lot, but I cannot get 3G or 4G speeds with TMobile because it is an ATT phone(even though the phone is unlocked, it cannot access speeds over an E network) This tiny thing is very awesome, but I broke the screen about 2 weeks after buying it. No repair shops have the parts because the phone is so unique. Even before I broke the screen, the screen glitched often(sometimes from any moisture content),and it dims and brightens randomly. It hasn't been too much of a problem. I love the OS, and it is overall, a really good phone.

my particular model got bad reception where my mom was getting full bars with at&t. also, just got like 3 hrs of battery life.

The phone is perfect as a second phone when going out at night. I leave my expensive phone (Pre 3) at home then. I also unlocked it: [...]

This phone is so lovely and perfect, it breaks my heart.I really wish the Apples and Samsungs of the world would take note of all the people who love (loved) this phone.  I have an ipad (mini) when I want to go bigger, but I like my phones tiny, tiny, tiny, and I'm happy to see I'm not alone.  Now if only this market was supported by the makers.&#60;&#60;sigh&#62;&#62;
