
I bought this phone for my 96 year old father to replace his Motorola cell phone because it was becoming difficult to operate.  He just no longer has the dexterity to use small buttons and open and close the flip-style phone. The Snaphon looked like a good idea but it was actually more difficult to operate.  The main problem is that the volume control is on the left edge and this is exactly where you need to hold the phone to answer and place calls.  When he tried to use the phone, there was seldom any sound level because the volume was often turned down by accident.  Another problem is the complexity of the address book.  Several steps are needed to traverse the menus to the phone book application and place a call. It is overly complex and is not as easy to use as the old Motorola phone.I hope to get a refund, I sent it back to Amazon with a note stating it was not as described (not easy to use).

My dad loves this phone he needed it. I'm happy with it and so is he. Glad I got it.

This as a great phone! Wouldn't trade it for the world - great battery life, great dailing functions, great microphone!!! Cool!

I bought this cell phone for my mother and it is great. Because her macular degeneration, with this phone, she is able to see all the numbers and read her messages.

Snapfone product is good , but  just not found to be practical for our current needs for what we where looking for.

Phone is easy to use.  Great for seniors who need something easier with fewer BIGGER buttons.  Works great.  A little on the cheap side though.

I bought this phone for my elderly father who had never used a cell phone before.  I love the phone's large buttons and its ease of use; however, for my dad who was not familiar with cell phones there were a few things he had trouble with.  The first thing was the size of the phone and the position of the volume and lock buttons on the sides of the phone rather than on the front face of the phone.  It is a standard size bar phone, but for my dad it is a bit too small.  He can't handle the phone without either switching the phone to "lock" position or hitting the volume button (which adjusts both the volume of the ringtone and volume of the sound in the earpiece).  He's in a nursing home and he'd call in frustration saying he couldn't dial out (because he accidentally switched the lock button) or couldn't hear me well, or at all (because he had accidentally bumped the volume button).  Because my dad has moderate dementia and is unfamiliar with cell phones when I tried to explain what was wrong, he couldn't follow me and I'd have to make a trip to the nursing home or ask the staff there to mess around with his phone.  I have been able to use a heavy grade clear packing tape to cover the sliding "lock/unlock" button to keep him from accidentally sliding the button. I can't, however, figure out a way to keep the volume button in one position because it's a toggle switch rather than a slide like the lock button.  I would recommend that SnapFon find a way to enable users to lock the volume in place or move the button to a place less likely to be affected when picking up and using the phone.

I purchased this phone for my mother as a Christmas gift.  The numbers are large and back light is bright, so I have no doubt this will work for her.  But when calling out we noticed that the caller was unable to hear her, thus I had to return the phone.  I have ordered another, hopefully this one will work better. She and I both like the phone, just thought the one we purchased was defective.  I would purchase a replacement and still recommend it to others.

I loved this phone.  I got it for my 92 yo mom.  I had an at&t;  pay as you go sim card and itslipped right in and worked the first time.  No worries.  Even the numbers she had stored were still there.  My mom had stopped using her previous cell because she could not hear out of it, and had trouble with the buttons.  This one has big buttons, easy to push, easy to understand.  The sound quality was great.  She can hear even though she is a little hard of hearing.  We can hear her as well, so life is good.  I bought the lanyard and charging station to make things easier for her.  She loves the charging station....doesn't take time to try and find where to plug it in.

I bought this phone for my mother who is visually impaired and hard of hearing.  The appealing features include: backlit easy to see large numbers, voice-back numbers as keys are touched, a very loud ring, and easy to access voicemail once programmed. The phone is small - easy to transport, but maybe a little too small.There have been some "glitches:"- When my mother is on the phone and the phone rings her call has been interrupted and she hears the voice from another party;- The battery does not hold a charge.  If the phone is unplugged for even an hour there is no charge, and also of course no calls coming in.My mother wants to return the phone because of the battery problem, understandably.  It cost with tax and shipping about $90.00 and unfortunately is unusable.  The battery worked okay the first two weeks or so but is no longer functioning.Because of this last glitch I can't recommend it.  But it is not easy to find a phone that addresses all the needs of an elderly user, and expensive to keep trying one model after another

The phone has everything a technically challenged person could need, simplicity in making/receiving calls,loud ring that illuminates incoming number with large numerals that are easy to read, suited all his needs.  We are having problems with the battery, not sure if it's the battery itself, but the phone will not stay charged for more than a few minutes, and we charge it to what we feel is a full charge,  and the same thing happens.  We were hoping to get a little more out of this phone, as we have only had it a few weeks.  We are having someone trouble shoot the issue, and we do hope it can be resolved.

I purchased this phone for my father-in-law who has lost the majority of his eyesight.  This phone is wonderful, the buttons are large enough for him to navigate and use easily.  The only problem he had, because he can hardly see is finding the on and off button.  These buttons don't feel like the number buttons and to him felt like one surface across.  But, he has figured it out now & loves the phone.  It has several neat ringtones and is very loud if you want it to be. One other nice feature is that it announces the numbers as you dial and for someone who has a hard time seeing this is a great feature.

The function for setting the date was not working, so I just blew it off; don't need a phone to know the date.  But, after very little use, it could no longer be turned on.  I threw it away as it was out of warranty and got a go phone from AT&T

Very good telephone for a non tech savvy senior with failing eyesight.No frills but a great "basic" telephone. Try it!

Easy to program and use, just needed a couple of features like being able to secure the contact list for her. She does love it otherwise. The phone works great and like I indicated really great features for older eyes and ears. I would readily recomend to anyone with some years tagged on them.

The phone has worked our really well for my 82 year old mother.  I programmed the one touch dialing for all her important numbers (press + hold--- works great.)  The Panic button on the back is a very nice feature--it sends out a preprogrammed text messages to the whoever ( up to 4 respondents) that are programmed to receive them, it then calls the 1st number and then the next if the previous number does not answer.  The limitation is the phone can not distinquish between a voice mail or someone actually answering the call.  Hence, if a respondent has voice mail and does not personally answer, it does not continue dialing the next number.  This of course would not be a problem if it was programmed to dial 911 as the first respondent.  This doesn't work for my mother since she does not speak english well and I'm concerned with a false alarm.

This cell phone was bought and set up for me by my niece.  I am legally blind but I can see the keyboard especially since it lights up when the phone is on.  It's small and easily carried in a pocket.  I like it very much. The sound is excellent so hearing is no problem.For a senior, I think it's the caterpillar's boots.

This phone does not have great reception.  My mother has a hard time hearing on it.  If you do not hold the phone just right it is difficult to understand the person on the other end, even if your not a senior.

Bada Bing!  Four stars at this point.  I would rather wait 6 months to see how it really handles and lasts.  I was sceptical, even though the reviews were good.  Received the phone and was a bit disappointed on the small size and somewhat flimsy feel.  It feels as though it would not take many falls to break.  Folks dropping things?  Forget about it.  They need to beef up the shell for sure. Now the features....love the orange background on the screen and the way the numbers double their size momentarily when the number key is depressed.  Fantastic idea the way the numbers are announced while dialing.  This is a excellent feature the Snapfon has!  That really won me over.  The size of the phone, again is too small (which in my opinion makes it easy to miss place), but even so, each key is quite large and somewhat indented thus fitting the tips of your fingers beautifully.  Love that in an age where glass screens are so impersonal. It has a speaker phone built in as well.  Great feature.  Makes it safer in keeping the microwaves away from your head.  Everyone knows they're safe right? yeah, right.  I sent the phone to my friend in need and she loves it, I mean loves it! In fact she exclaimed it is "the best cell she has ever owned!".  But Mama is easily excited, capisce?  that is the real review right there.  Me, I look for ways to improve products, and happily impart my findings when asked or even compelled to do so.  Usually when they're really bad, or really good. In review of the Snapfon, the function of the phone is excellent.  Easy to use, see, and very comfortable in doing so.  Still, the case is to dollar store and removing the battery cover is NOT easy.  It really needs to be strengthened to make this the perfect phone for the visually impaired. I'd get one for me if they would improve the case strenght! The sound is very good and makes the Snaphone the best all around cellphone for it's intended demographic and purpose... and then some.  I will say the price is very good as well. I would HIGHLY recommend this phone to anyone needing features aforementioned.  Ciao.

I bought this for my 79 year old mother and it's perfect for her!  Easy to see, easy to dial and use and the clarity is really great.  I am extremely pleased with this purchase and recommend it highly!

I searched for a cell phone many times over the years. All failed me, mostly because I couldn't hear what was being said, at least not clearly. This phone works just as well as advertised. I am absolutely ecstatic! I can even hear without my hearing aid and I have severe loss in the ear I use. If you need a cell phone and have a hearing loss this is the one to get.All the other factors are as advertised and are terrific bonuses for me. I have no connection with the company. However I just had to write this review.Linda B

For the most part I'm impressed. I don't see how the over all functioning can be improved upon. The only obvious shortcoming is with the materials it's made of. As is it should retail for $50. or better yet use polycarbonate and gorilla glass, not low quality painted plastic.It would seem there is a huge untapped market for this kind of phone so maybe this is only the beginning. It might need to be simplified even further for the elderly but for those like myself who are just burned out on the endless complexity of technology this is sweet.

Really like the phone.  Nice display with large numbers.  As I am getting older I like print larger and this is the phone and easy to use.  Simple for the type of phone that I need.

Got this phone for my dad who is struggling with sight issues. It is a GSM unlocked model which we put in ATT prepaid sim and works fine. Also has a speech function so when you press the buttons it will tell them what button they pushed.

I bought this phone for my husband, he likes it but would like for it to display how many minutes used. Other than that it is easy to use, very straight forward.

Bought this product as a gift for an elderly person for christmas 2011. It worked well for one month, then the speaker just stopped working! The loudspeaker is working well and so is the earphone but the regular speaker just stopped. Tried everything the site suggested to troubleshoot but nothing!

My Mother has been having trouble with her sight so I bought this because of it's big number pad. The voice that pronounces each number as she dials a phone number was a nice surprise. I also liked the fact that it had a "panic" button on the back that I was able to program all four siblings's number's in.  if she needs to push it, the phone will dial each number until it reaches an answer. (I believe all numbers are alerted that the button has been pushed.) I bought a (cover and) lariat for her phone and told her to wear it around her neck every time she goes outside to get the mail or move the trash etc. so if she falls she can call for help.I programed all her family and close friend's numbers for her but I think she will have problems trying to pull the phonebook and/or caller ID up. Maybe it can not be made any simpler but for the difficulty in pulling them up I thought about giving this a four star instead of a five but I really doubt there is another phone out there that would make it any easier.I had no problem putting this phone on my ATT cell phone plan. No contracts, No data plan. One detail I totally did not think about was that Mom lives in another city then me and will now have to dial the area code when calling her family/friends who live close to her (but not when she calls me!) I would have looked into getting her a number that more local for her if I would have thought about it.Very easy to dial, hang up, charge, add to plan and a huge relief to know she has a panic button if needed.

Bought this phone for my mother in-law as she wanted one with large buttons.  However, it is hard for us to hear her after she started using this phone.

I ordered this phone for my 81 year old grandmother.  She has neuropathy in her hands, and thus, had a difficult time with the buttons, flip functions, etc, of a traditional cell phone - even those that were manufactured for the "senior" population.  What a wonderful surprise!  The phone is sleek, easy to use, and has fabulous details for emergency preparedness.The S.O.S button is unlike any other phone I have seen on the market.  It's "one-touch" functionality allows the user to alert pre-determined family and friends in the event of an emergency; even allowing for 911 contact if no other numbers can be reached.The snapfon's design is one that allows the customer to easlily hold  the phones and push the buttons even if only one hand is available.  Speakerphone option is clear and has the perfect sensitivity.We are so pleased with our Snapfon purchase.  They have truly reached a unique market segment with this phone that has been previously ignored or brushed over with little attention to the details.  Way to go, Snapfon for making us feel that our grandmother is safe and secure with this unique piece of technoloy!

I purchased this phone for my husband who is disabled.  Everything about his phone is wonderful, especially the emergency alert button on the back.  I took it to AT&T and had it set up in no time.  The lady there said she would look into getting one for her grandfather who is blind, because she loved the fact that the phone spoke the numbers you dialled. I would highly recommend this phone.

I got this for my dad due to the large numbers and thought the speaking the number option was good so he could hear what # he pressed.  But here are my gripes.1) The volume even at max volume was so low I had trouble hearing it unless I put the thing right up to my ear and it was very low then so my dad who's 89 and wears hearing aids would have trouble hearing that in any location that was not particularly quiet.2) The only way to put it on speaker phone is to wait till the call is connected (hopefully you hear them say hello) THEN you have to press the OK button twice in succession. ?  There is no menu option to leave it in speaker phone mode and you cannot go into speaker mode until the call is connected.  My dad isn't going to remember all of that.3) the back plate was very hard to remove to put the sim card and battery in.  If you have strong, sticky hands then maybe you'd fare better than I did4) The FM reception was crap.  Basically useless.5) Although not a huge gripe, w/o a flip top, you must press OK to answer and the power button ONCE QUICKLY to hang up and my 89 year old dad isn't going to remember the difference between pressing the power button ONCE QUICKLY and ONCE HOLDING IT.  He was 18 in 1945 so none of this stuff is easy and he is pretty much technology ignorant.So, I actually returned it and got the Jitterbug phone which is working much better.  Louder, flip top so he only has to open/close to use it (no worry about off/on or accidentally pressing buttons), dedicated speakerphone button that works even BEFORE the call is connected, and although I've had problems getting the ringer to stay on though it could be that it's resetting due to some software flaw or updates, it's working better for my dad than the Snapfon.Just my opinions after actually getting the phone and using it.  Your mileage may vary.

Thank you Snapfon for an easy to use phone.  You have given my 78 year old mother piece of mind!  :@)

So far she loves it. We upgraded to this phone from an older Tracfone. She loves the fact that the buttons are larger and easier for her to use. I immediately noticed that she has fewer mistakes in her text messages. Using the PureTalk service and so far so good. The phone comes with a PureTalk chip, so it is ready to go with their service but you can get chips from other providers if you wish. The big red button on the back is programmable, so you can choose whether or not it will call 911 or text relatives or sound an audible alarm.

Exactly as described. Very easy to operate and learn to use. do not have to reach for glasses any more to operate the phone.

I love my Snapfon ezONE-C Senior Cell Phone.  I fought getting a cell phone but my family insisted.  I needed one that I could see and hear with no frills. It has large numbers, I can hear it and it is simple.  It took this 85 year old a little time to figure it all out but once I got it working I was and am still pleased.

I like this pone very much for its friendly use, its very light to carry, number are big enough to read and its ease with hearing aids, plus the fact is open and I can use it in Venezuela.

This is a practical phone, the size of buttons and more important, the LED screen letters/numbers makes this eminently practical and easy to use. The big red button is the feature that helped me decide to get this--because when help is needed--one big button is the best feeling.

I bought this phone for my dad and he said he loves it! It's functional and easy for him to use. In fact, I just ordered another one just today for his friend.

This phone was purchased for my mother, who is legally blind. Its very simple to use and I would recommend it very much. The large numbers are a plus, especially for anyone with a poor eye sight to use.

Phone came promptly as promised and is great. My grandma loves it and feels better being left home alone! I recommend this for all seniors.

Mother received this phone as a gift for Christmas.  It is her first cell phone ever so it will take a little while toadjust but she loves it.  I am impressed with the emergency button (even though she wears life alert),the flashlight andradio.  Mom's hearing isn't good so the volume and loud ring is good, as are the large buttons.  Will she like it in 6 months?We'll see.

We purchased this phone for mom who wants basic service with numbers and buttons she can see.  She loves this phone, brags on it all the time.  She has tested the emergency button and feels secure it will help if she needs it.  She wears it on the lanyard around her neck at all times.  Her only complaint is the clip from the lanyard to the phone gets stuck on some clothing.  So we may look around for another lanyard.The phone was easy to set up.  We just put in her sim card and everything was there.  The menu list for all functions is easy to read.I am so glad we bought this phone for mom.

Love this phone - works great for my elderly parents.  My Dad has big hands and couldn't use my Mom's cell phone.  I bought this to replace Mom's phone and showed it to Dad - the buttons were big enough for him to use it - so bought him his own phone as well.  Only issue I had was that getting the back off and on took patience and determination when we first got the phones.  But I love the feature where the phone talks as you dial so you know you are dialing correctly.  I bought a third phone to replace my sister's cell as well.  These were great gift ideas - and now the entire family is all using the same brand and model of phone, so if anyone has problems with how to do something, I can answer them - or check it out myself without having to go to their house to get their phone.I fully intend to replace my own phone with this same model phone after Christmas.  We are not using the phone service that comes with the phones though - we all have AT&T; Go Phone accounts and this unlocked phone works perfectly with our existing AT&T; service.  All I had to do was charge the phones, and put our simm cards in the new phones and they worked.  No trips to the AT&T; Store - it was simple and easy.  Thank you for making something that men can use and elderly can use - without all the bells and whistles of the "smart phones", but with enough services that it meets the needs as an simple cell phone when you are on the go.

I bought the Snapfon for my 84 year old mother with Macular Degeneration.  Once I was able to program in the speed dial #s I was very excited that she could just press the # which is verbal, then it would dial me or other contacts she had memorized with her old cell phone.  Unfortunately, due to moderate dementia, she was unable to follow the direction of pressing the # and holding for just a second to dial.  Ending a call was even more confusing to her.  If this were a flip phone, it would have made all the difference.It's wonderful because it had a loud ringer, the buttons were easy to find, though the display is not all that easy with advanced macular.The directions are not that clear for speed dial.  I actually found it by accident.

I got this for mom, 81 years old.  She couldn't figure out how to use flip phones.  She didn't need a camera, internet, texting, or any other fancy stuff.  The jitterbug costs too much for monthly use and I wanted her to be comfortable talking for as long as she wanted.  Now she's happy, we're happy, and I could add her to my AT&T account.

The Phone broke the first month of used. The locked slide button doesn't work anymore. My Mom barely used the phone.I like the product and the concept but the quality is not that good.

very satisfied...easy to read...easy set up...good range...good battery life...delivered when indicated...price was reasonable...color was nice...construction is satisfactory and I would recommend to others

Mom has had very little trouble learning to use this phone.  She is calling me on it and answering it when I call.  With the holder we bought, she also carries it around with her.  Everything about it is made for the elderly in mind.  Thanks!

this phone was to hard for my mom to navigate. She would call me every week to help her with this phone. Ultimately i had to get her another phone.Sorry but I wasted my money on this phone.Linda

I'm 88 and am retired in Mexico. I had mu doubts about connectivity, but went ahead an ordered one anyway. Easy as pie, once ig I had it &#34;&#34;smuggled&#34; in by a US house guest.  All it took to hook into TelCel, our cell phone provider, was insertion of  the SIM from my little (too little to see!)  Nokia phone, a cell to TelCel Central by my neighborhood cel phone store, and I was in business.I like everything about my Snapton. Not too big, excellent visibility, good hear-ability battery life (1 week), and ease of operation.Five Stars.  Budd Blume

This phone should be marketed strictly for really elderly people, not "seniors" in general. It was a Christmas present for my husband, who is 70 and needs something easy to use. But this phone has two flaws that we consider major and are why we sent it back: 1) You cannot turn off the music that plays every time you turn it on or off! If your volume is set anywhere near "hear-able," everyone around you will hear when you turn it on or off. Do Snapfon users never go to the movies or travel on a plane? You could probably turn the volume all the way down before turning it off, but then you'd have to remember to turn it up again when turning it back on. Either involves repeated pressing of a toggle on the side. NOT!2) You cannot set this phone to Vibrate Only, just Vibrate & Ring (together) if you want it to vibrate. So, if you are expecting a call but don't want to disturb those around you, again you have to turn the volume all the way down. (And then later, after your meeting or movie, remember to turn the volume back up again). The nice young woman at Snapfon said these two features were not there for "simplicity" reasons, but my husband and I consider them basic, so it's going back. Too bad, we had wanted the Unlocked feature for a trip overseas in April.[LATER] Realized we can't return it because the box has been opened, we've used the phone trying to figure it out, and my husband already wrote the phone number (from the AT&T; sim card we bought separately) on the instruction booklet. So, we're stuck with it, but at least will have something to use in Europe in a few months, even if it is annoying.

I bought this phone for my wife with a vision impairment.  She doesn't need all the bells and whistles that are on the new smart phones.  She really likes it.  She can see all the numbers very clearly.

We bought the Snapfon ezOne-C for an elderly relative who recently moved from his own home into an assisted living facility. The "home" suggested that the local landline carrier would require 4-6 weeks to get a landline installed. We looked into the landline cost and decided that a cell option would be better, faster, cheaper. Turned out to be the right thing to do. After a bit of research we decided that the Snapfon would be the better choice among only a limited set of options for large-button, large-display, minimum-complexity we could find on the internet. Our family carrier (AT&T;) didn't have such a phone available. Amazon delivered the phone in three days - order to arrival! We had decided to add the phone to our AT&T; family plan, so we had to wait until we got the phone before we could register it with AT&T;, based on a conversation with the AT&T; help line - get the phone, call AT&T;, get the new chip in a couple of days, good to go!We received the phone and called AT&T.; The person this time said that to add a phone to our family plan we had to actually purchase a phone from AT&T;! He suggested we could order a smartphone for a dollar, wait for it to be delivered, transfer the line to the Snapfon for a $40 registration fee, and then throw the smartphone away or sell it on eBay. I didn't believe it either!So, the same afternoon I visited the local AT&T; wireless retail outlet. There I was able to get the Snapfon registered on the spot, with a $40 charge for the new registration and no smartphone - what a deal! Since then, the phone has been great. Our 95-year-old relative has been completely satisfied. The second day he had the phone, he needed to contact a staff member for assistance. His "lifeline" - a red cord connected to a switch on the wall - had fallen on the floor and he couldn't reach it. He called me on his Snapfon (my phone number is one of the few he has memorized), I called the home, and they were at his door in a couple of minutes. We now have the home's number programmed on the 3 key (1 is messages, 2 is 911).Numbers on both keys and display are large and bright enough that he has no trouble seeing them with his compromised vision, and the phone audibly repeats each number as it is pressed. His major remaining issue is that he almost always forgets to press the red hang-up button - with his old land-line phone it disconnected when he returned the handset to the cradle. This wastes a minute or so of talk time while the system detects hang-up at the other end of the connection - an issue common to any cell phone.

Despite this phone's marketing to our beloved and often forgotten senior citizens, as a twenty-something I was interested in buying this phone for its advertised simple functionality (it's not a camera, an iPod, or a Gameboy; it's a phone). Most of the phones sold with pay-as-you-go plans are often the trashiest models with poor craftsmanship and half-working so-called "features", making it hard to find a good simple phone that just makes calls, sends and receives texts, has a recent call list and address book. The Snapfon is that hard-to-find gem of simplicity. Although it's not perfect, it's been my favorite of all the "non-smart" phones I've owned (which have included several Nokia and Motorola models, and even the Razr).Here are my favorite aspects:+Unlocked phone worked instantly with my T-mobile pay-as-you-go chip. No stupid unlock codes.+Battery life is long.+Screen lights up even in locked mode to illuminate the time.+LED flashlight works well.+Big buttons are nice to use.+Much lighter than your average brick phone.Here's what was keeping it from being a 5-star review:-Menu flow is too linear, making some actions seemingly dead ends. Cancel and delete both share the PWR/NO button, making some parts of the navigation dead-ends.-There's no way to do actions like browsing through the menus or turning on the phone silently while still having it in vibrate mode for calls or texts. Switching the phone to "silent mode" turns off all types of alerts and noises, including vibrate.-There's no free preview of text messages. Most other phones I've used let you preview the text message from the inbox which made it possible to read short messages without actually opening them. For using Google Voice text messaging, knowing who sent a text message is only possible by opening the message to see the header, which is a drag.-I can't figure out how to delete an unread text message. The option to delete only seems to be accessible after opening a text message, but which fortunately allows you to clear the entire inbox while deleting the one being read. Feature needs tweaking.-It's nice that the buttons are nice and big, but they seem to get pressed easily in the pocket. Hopefully the SOS button won't accidentally get pressed.-You have to directly enter a contact in the address book rather than typing in a number on the front screen and saving it, adding a name later.-While less features isn't necessarily bad, it's a little too expensive for how little it does.-FM radio really necessary? Whatever.Features wished for::? An alarm feature.:? USB connection to transfer contacts from computer address book (and maybe custom ring tones, but low priority).:? Bluetooth hands-free set compatibility.Bottom line: Pretty satisfied so far, despite phone's short-comings. More how simple phones should be.edit: Apparently my point about the chirps and noises while in vibrate mode or silent mode wasn't very clear, because got a personal call from ezONE telling me how to set the phone to vibrate. To be clear, the phone has a vibrate mode, but the buttons still chirp when you press them.

I purchased this phone for my 87 year-old mother.The phone comes factory unlocked for GSM chips.  It worked off the bat.  The keyboard lock, flashlight, volume and FM radio switches on the left and right sides of the phone are easy to use and worked well.  Comes with wall charger.The phone does exactly what it says and was easy to "program" in the information we wanted.  In fact, it imported all the numbers that had been on the SIM chip.I think my mother prefers this phone to all other phones she has used.  Many older people have arthritis.  They find opening up flip phones to be very difficult and can't do it in a timely manner.  She was so happy with this phone.My only complaint is that the housing appears to be cheap plastic, and not very thick at that.  I know I can't expect much from a $60 device, but I am worried that if the phone is dropped, the case might shatter.

The phone was purchased for my 90 year old mother and is her first cell phone. She is pleased with the sound quality, the large keys and display, and the features. However, the written instructions are not very clear and if we did not have cell phone experience to help her as she learned to use the phone, it would have been very difficult for her.  All in all, we feel like this was a great choice, though.

My mother likes to use her cellphone to make long distance calls to her friends.  However, most phones are so small she was having problems seeing the buttons.  She doesn't want all the other functions like text or email, she can't figure out how to use them.  She just wanted a phone.  She is also hard of hearing and has a lot of problems hearing through most phones--she usually uses the speakerphone on her landline.  I bought her equipment that was supposed to amplify the sound in her old cell phone but it did not work.  I bought her this phone last Christmas and she has told me several times that she LOVES this phone.  It is LOUD enough for her to hear without the speakerphone on (although the speakerphone is REALLY loud too), and she can see the large numbers on it.  All in all, it has been really good for her.

I bought this for my dad. He wanted a phone that was easy to dial. Most phones have tiny buttons.  He loves this phone.

The Phone Sucks.in Every Way.very Old Technology phone Quality Poor Do Your self a favor Buy a Mota E for 129.00 The Best phone on the Market for this Price Kit Kat 4.4 Awsome

Phone is smaller than I had expected, & with the intention of attracting the visually impared, (Audio keys when dialing), the keys & screen are too small to see, & use. Redialing is also tedious for some unknown reason, taking 4 presses of the green call key to complete. Also found a problem with the address book, with same name, different number, isn't easy to pull up on the screen.If your elderly family needs a user friendly phone, this isn't it.

The Snapfon EZ TWO does work with Consumer Cellular's SIM card and it works great.  However, PLEASE NOTE that it does NOT work with Consumer Cellular's older SIM cards!My experience went like this: I had an old Nokia cell phone with one of Consumer Cellular's SIM cards in it (2 or 3 years old) and when I put that SIM card in the Snapfon EZ TWO, it didn't work.  (Note - Snapfon has excellent instructional video clips at their website that demonstrate every espect of how to use the features of the Snapfon EZ TWO...and they have one for how to install the SIM card)I called the Consumer Cellular Customer Service number (888-345-5508) and talked to the Tech Support people and I was told that the older Consumer Cellular SIM cards don't work with many of the newer cell phones and they have to send you a new SIM card.  I asked them to do so (programmed with my current cell phone number), which they do for free.  It takes about 2 or 3 days to get to you because they mail it to you from Portland, Oregon.  When you receive the new SIM card, put it into the Snapfon EZ TWO and then you have to call Consumer Cellular to have it activated.After the new SIM card is activated, your new Snapfon EZ TWO will be working with Consumer Cellular's service.  And that is how we do that!P.S. - You may not have to go through this when you are transferring a SIM card from a phone with one of Consumer Cellular's newer SIM cards...at least that's what they told me.  If, however, your cell phone provider is Consumer Cellular and your original SIM card doesn't work with your Snapfon EZ TWO, this is what you have to do to make it work.  I hope that this explanation helps.  I love the features.  They are the features that I want in a cell phone and will use.UPDATE: 12/26/2013: IMPORTANT NOTE ABOUT VOICEMAIL ACTIVATION: Because I was using a Consumer Cellular SIM card, I had to have initial assistance from Consumer Cellular's Customer Service Department to set up my voicemail.  The directions for setting up my voicemail didn't work until after Consumer Cellular programmed my SIM card.  After they program your SIM card (using their computer to do this over the phone), you just follow the Snapfon EZ TWO Instructions to set up your voicemail.  They will walk you through the process to get the IMEI number (serial number) from your SIM card so they can program it.  You have to call their Customer Service number (888-345-5508) to do this.  This call does NOT count against your monthly total of minutes.  It's a very easy process and their customer service is very good.  Voicemail was the only Snapfon EZ TWO feature that I needed Consumer Cellular's assistance to set up.Neither Snapfone's nor Consumer Cellular's instructions for setting up voicemail tell you this.

I suppose we should have looked at the dimensions when we bought this for Grandma, but we didn't, and it's a whole lot smaller than what we expected. She wanted a bigger phone like the size of her home phone. Oh well. The buttons are still bigger than other phones. And it works just fine.

My Mom is 79 years old and has struggled with cell phones for a while now. The models I have bought her were supposed to be the easy to use ones, but have been so complicated she can't use them. I searched the internet for the easiest phone for seniors, and this is the model that consistently appeared, so I ordered one! I was thrilled, and so was she! It is easy to use, easy to see, easy to dial without hitting the wrong button, easy for her to hear the conversations - everything about it was a win! And compatible with our AT&T service! Highly recommend this phone for anyone wanting the best phone possible for an elderly user!

Phones speaker was not working out the box! This was a replacement for the other snapfon which stopped charging after a year.

I bought this phone for my mother, who was really having trouble using a cell phone of any kind. I set this up for her in about 10 minutes, showed her how to use it and she was off and running. She has been using it for quite some time now and she just loves it. It is easy for seniors to use as it is not complicated. The buttons are large, which is a plus, both for sight and dexterity issues. I visited several cell phone stores in my area and looked at many different phones for my mother and this one is by far the best I could have found for her. One sales representative in a well known store even took me aside and recommended that I look for this phone on-line, he had purchased one for his parent too!

Bought this phone for my 88 year old mother. Very easy to use, number size, clarity is great. The battery life is excellent.  I definitely would recommend this phone for any senior.

I have purchased this phone (more than once) for someone who is sight impaired. This appears to be the only phone made that has numbers big enough for sight with limited sight,'The first phone I purchased, a slide came off the side, shortly after purchased, after the warantee had expiredA dog thought the second one was a squeeky toy......We're on our third.  He likes the phone tremendously (so did the dog)

Mother in law keeps accidently pressing the volume button while talking thus running the volume to a minimum and then can't hear.  She can't figure out how to remedy it so I have to drive to her house and put the volume back up.  At this time I have a piece of plastic taped over the button and it seems to be holding....  the ring is loud but she is 'deafer'. (embarassing in public)

1.  vol is too loud, and not ez to adjust,  2. doesn't show names of incoming texts or calls,  3. cant easily scroll back to correct spelling, ... I got it because I only text and didn't want a flip phone

We got this phone for my elderly mother to replace the Snapfon ezOne she has been using.  The contacts is much easier to navigate, there is more ability to customize with different ring tones, etc.  and the voicemail actually works.  I think this was a big improvement.  The cradle this comes with is also an awesome accessory that makes it so much easier to set the phone up to charge.  Overall this is a good phone for an elderly person as it doesn't have lots of bells and whistles but is easy to use.  An extra bonus is that you can use your own cell provider or choose one they recommend if you desire.

OK, so we bought this for my Mom so she could feel safe when walking around her apartment and to the store.  AND...by the way the providers, all of them that workedwith phone do not have good reception inside her apartment so part of her reason for getting a cell phone was lost...ie; falling down far from her land-line.  The instructions that came with the phone, while in large print (which was helpful for some folks I am sure) were poorly written in that they left out certain steps critical to the initial set up of the phone.Large buttons are great, but do not make up for the difficulty in certain functional screen menus.  Also, the emergency red button function was a joke.  Since it was easy to accidentally just hit #1 and then you got an auto dialing of 911...a felony for a false call.  The phone turned out to be too large to hang around her neck and too large for herpocket since it seemed to turn its face on, even in the "locked" position for the keypad.  This bugged my Mom...who declared she "didn't like it".  She is going to keep it anyway,but our monitoring of her use shows she isn't using it!  There is definitely room for improvement.  First:  I would add a cover, or flip up aspect to the phone, make it slightly smaller,  and even if this sacrifices minimally the size of the buttons.

It a good phone for my parent. It is easy to use, the display is big and very readable and the buttons are big and readable. Took one star off, because of the high price. A suggestion would be to lower the price and market it to seniors and children.

this phone is easy to use.  I sent it overseas ty my parents and they are very satisfy of how esay is to work it.

This is a wonderful easy function phone for people with limited hand control. the big buttons and the simplicity makes it very simple to operate.

I bought the phone for my mother of 80 years old.  I thought this would be good because she cannot speak English, and this phone's alert system, if working as says, would alert me and others by SMS and phone calls so I can contact emergency if required.  Yet in our tests, the phone only works about 10% of the time at best.  I have the phone months now but because my mother lives in another city, and she thought she did not know how to use the phone or phone lines were busy when she tried to call, I never knew that the phone does not work most of the time until I visited her.The phone seems OK with my T-mobile SIM card sometimes, but most of the time, despite full bars of signal, it keeps having dial failure, or it seemed to try to dial out but there was actually no dial tone.  Honestly, I have tried dialing many times, and I tried installing different SIM cards in the phone, and the problem is the same: it works about 10% or less of the time.I sent two messages to support@snapfon.com, and after a day or two, the messages bounced back.  The echo error in the bounced message did not say the email address was wrong.  The message is:Delivery to the following recipient has been delayed:support@snapfon.comMessage will be retried for 2 more day(s)Technical details of temporary failure:The recipient server did not accept our requests to connect. Learn more at[...]. [50.56.33.144]:25: Connection refused]-------------------------I called Snapfon technical support, and what I got was a greeting message telling me to leave contact info and a detailed description of the problem.  I have yet to hear from them.Yet, there website claims that technical support is always available !The phone is a good idea.  It is a piece of junk unless it works reliably.  I wished I could give them negative number of stars.

Bought  this  phone  for  my  Dad  who is  87  and  has  severe  arthritus and  is  confined  to anursing  facility .....the  volume  level is  good  and  easy  to  use  basically  ...just  wish  the  buttons  on  top  were not  so  easy  to push  it  has  caused  some  issues  with  Dad,  inadverently  changing settings  ...ie:  going  to  silent  mode  etc

The addition of the rear red "SOS" button made me decide to buy this Snapfon exONE-C for my mother, but the size of the (speed-dial) buttons is the feature she most appreciates. Although she's had a flip-phone for 3+ years, she had never spontaneously called me from it - I think it was too hard for her 80 year old eyes to see the numbers. During the holidays she called me 3 times from the new Snapfon and seemed quite pleased with herself and the device. Go mom!!I'm glad the phone has the lock slide button on the right hand side to safeguard her from speed dialing someone by accident. I doubt mom uses the fm radio feature, but I know I would if I owned the phone.Plan on having someone with nimble fingers and good eyes add entries in the phone book.I do wish the Snapfon itself was more durably constructed, but my mother's not too likely to abuse it the way a teenager might. I also wish it connected to the cradle (a separate purchase) a little more smoothly - I have to nudge it around a bit for the light not to flicker between red and green. Still, the battery holds the charge for about a week with minimal use, so I'm really quite happy overall.

I purchased this phone for my 81 Year old Dad. The screen is easy to see and the numbers are nice and Big. The language can be changed to Spanish. The inclusion of a Camera and LED Flashlight is a mixed blessing. I don't see my Dad using them and he gets confused as to what button does what. A more technically inclined Senior may find this two additions helpful. The volume is good and ringtones loud. I wish I could remove the buttons for the Camera and LED light to avoid this confusion. An option to install custom ringtones would be nice but overall I have no regrets.

Got this for my 83 yr. old mom and to say she is nontechnical is putting it mildly.But she likes it and keeps it with her all the time. It has big buttons and reads back the number as you dial which she loves. She had a cell phone before but never used it because she had trouble dialing.Now she makes all her calls on it.I like the emergancy call button that you preprogram with four numbers. Makes me feel safer. I highly recommend the MOM phone as we call it.

The Snapfon was purchased for an elderly family member who had difficulty using other mobile phones. So far, this phone has been easy to learn and to use all of the features by this relative. The only issue I have is the phone has a radio feature that will never be used by this relative. Snapfon should make it an option.

Purchased this phone for my 68 year old Mother.  She needed something simple to use with large numbers.  This phone fits the bill.  She can see the numbers and there are not a lot of options to confuse her.  The only thing I would change is the ability to remove 911 from the Browse contact feature.  Since it is the first one on the list, she has accidentally call 911 a couple of times.  Other than that, good phone.  Works well with Straight Talk phone plan also.

Mom really liked the larger numbers and &#34;the voice&#34; telling you the numbers being pressed. I highly recommend this phone as it's extremely simple with an SOS button-this IS a great feature!

This phone seems to be the end-all of my multi-year search for my mother's usable phone.  She has essential tremors which make it difficult to push buttons.  She also needs the security of the "Panic Button" while she is out walking at 88 years of age.Other phones I have given her just end up in the box.  They are too complicated and tiny for her needs.  She can pin down the Snapfon on her lap and push the pre-programmed single button to call me, my brothers, neighbors and friends with one touch.She also has the holster-type charger which enables her to recharge the phone.  She cannot possibly plug in the itty bitty pin.  But she can use the holster!She also enjoys her favorite FM radio station on her walks!  It is the best phone I have found for my shakey Mom.

Everything that it is advertised to be.  Purchased for my grandmother who recently had a stroke and eyesight is failing.  She is back in touch with her friends and I know that she can call me if she needs anything.

Had a few issues initially when using with AT&T; SIM card.  Customer service felt that it just wasn't going to work and suggested sending it back.  After pushing back a bit, they suggested I sign up for PureTalk just to see if the phone worked at all.  It didn't.  Sent it back - was repaired or replaced (not sure which) and now it accepts the existing AT&T; SIM card.Although the service calls were frustrating with lack of knowledge, now that the issue is resolved, we are very happy with the phone.  My 91 year old mother who uses hearing aids was having great difficulty hearing anyone on her old EZ-One model.  With the EZ-TWO, she hears clearly, the screen is larger and easy for her to see.  She is VERY happy now that she can connect with the world and when Momma is happy, we are ALL happy.

I have trouble with my eyesight, and this phone is wonderful. My partner bought it for me as a Valentine's Day gift. Big buttons and backlit so I can actually see the display. So easy to use!

I bought two of these phones:  one for my mother and one for a friend.  My mother's worked beautifully with her T-Mobile Sim Card.  Although my mother had prohibited us from giving her amy presents this Christmas, she gladly accepted the phone once she saw it.  She can read the numbers and buttons without using her reading glasses, which is what I want her to be able to do if she has an emergency!With the second phone, my friend told me she was not able to get her T-mobile SIM card to work in the phone.  My mother's T-mobile SIM card, however, worked great!The company accepted my return of the 2nd phone and promptly credited my account.  I appreciated this as there may be nothing wrong with the phone.I like this phone so much, and am so impressed with the customer service, I may get one myself.

Ill keep this short. I bought this phone for my senior mum that needed something simple and conventional. She doesnt really text. I wanted something as simple as turn on, dial, click ok. I wanted to stay away from complicated navigation or any touch screen features.  The buttons are large and clear, the phone display is bright orange  with clear and easy to read. When you dial a number, an internal  voice  repeats the number back. It does the job. The only con, this phone should not cost more than $40, it almost feels like a toy phone from a  Xmas cracker, but its perfect for ma, so we are keeping it. If you need something really simple this is a very good option. My Ma has early signs dementia and forgets things easily, but she got the hang of this phone on the first day. Oh, I really like the SOS feature. One of my biggest fears is Ma falling over or needing help when alone, I programmed my cell into SOS. One touch immediately alerts me.

I bought this phone for my 82 year old mom. It is probably one of the easiest phones to use but with her memory problems she just can't get the hang of it.  In order to look up family numbers she has to scroll down using the middle "button".  However, if the button is scrolled up, it goes to the menu and she needs to press the "end" button several times to get it back to the main screen.  She just can't remember this part. The menu screen is unimportant for basic use; make a call or answer.  I wish it was not on the same button. One plus is that you can attach a lanyard which enables carrying the phone around the neck. I like the bright orange color she doesn't lose it so easily in her purse.

I purchased this phone for my 89 Year old Mom. The screen is easy to see. She has a difficult time with the menu, which is simple for those that are used to electronic devices.  My Mom can't use the menu well and she gets confused as to what buttons do what. The volume is good and ringtones loud now that she called technical support and they appeared to fix it over the wire.  She kept having trouble with not being able to hear it ring or hear the party on the other end of the conversation. (We could not hear her either.) She is in her third week of using the phone, I hope it works out for her. If not, my wife would like one for herself.  We replaced her old flip phone which could not make or receive calls from her apartment. The Snapfon's reception works just fine.  Overall I have no regrets.

Good for what it is made for.  A basic phone that is not too complicated for a &#34;senior citizen&#34; to use.  It does tend to drop calls at times, in the same location where I have no such issues with my smartphone.

I bought this phone for my Mom who has macular degeneration and her hearing isn't the best. If the lighting isn't just right she can't see the numbers but can feel them and fast dial at least 9 people that are in her phone. I love the 911 button on the back of the phone, which now has 3 numbers programmed into it. When she hits the button, my brother, husband and I all receive a text saying that Mom has an emergency and needs our help. Her phone alarm is very loud, hopefully to attract attention. She has a good connection, as we are with T-Mobile whose tower is just down the road and up the hill:) I'm thrilled that this phone is  available for her and helps her stay more independent.

I like the Lanyard BUT I got myself a Phone Holster Very Pleased with it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Less chance of loosing my phone....

Easy to read numbers and great volume. The only drawback is that we can't use the SOS button because Snapfon is the required service provider for that. He hasn't needed the SOS button yet but may need it soon. I have T-Mobile and we have a family plan. I may need to pay a few dollars more for Snapfon.

The phone works well enough and my 83 year old father appreciates it.However, there are still confusing menus to navigate to speed dial, etc... Making a senior friendly phone is a lot more than just loud ringers and big buttons, although I appreciate that. Biggest problem was that after a week the fragile charging input jack broke off inside the charging receptical. Not sure what to do now with this $100 phone that can't be charged because the jack is broke off inside.

I bought this phone for my mom(88). Very easy for her to see and easy set-up. Nice and loud ring. So far I see no problems.

My mom has taken to this phone quite nicely.  It's wonderful to see how easy it is for her to dial and retrieve her messages.The At&T; salersperson, was shocked that it worked.  He kept doubting me but it was really easy.  Mom mom had lost her other phone and we simply went in for an SIM card.  Perfect!

All of the sales staff in the Apple Store looked like little kids. We were working with one who looked 14 &#8211; 14 tops. &#8220;So you&#8217;d like to buy a new iPhone 5?&#8221;&#8220;Yes, we&#8217;d like one for my wife, but I just want something simple. My fingers and hands don&#8217;t work very well anymore. I need big buttons, not a touchscreen.&#8221;He stroked the peach fuzz on his chin, deep in thought. &#8220;I&#8217;ve never heard of a phone with big buttons.&#8221;There was a picture on the wall behind him of a woman with the caption &#8220;Hi, I&#8217;m Klare, the Store Manager. Let me know if I can help you!&#8221; She looked confident, knowledgeable, experienced. She looked at least 22. &#8220;Can I talk to your manager? Maybe she&#8217;ll have an idea.&#8221;Thirty seconds later, Klare was there, ready to help. &#8220;I just need a cell phone,&#8221; I said. &#8220;I don&#8217;t care about a touchscreen or the internet or texting or talking to Siri or any of those extra things. And it has to have big buttons.&#8221;&#8220;I&#8217;ve never seen a phone like that, but I&#8217;ve read about them on Wikipedia.&#8221; It was reassuring that Klare had done so much research at such an authoritative source. I could see why she was the Store Manager. &#8220;You might be able to find one on Ebay. The only problem is that often the seller doesn&#8217;t have the cords anymore.&#8221;My wife and I looked at each other and smiled. Our kids make fun of us because we have two boxes in the basement containing every electrical cord we have ever owned. It would be sweet revenge if we actually got to use one of them!Once home, I got on the internet and started to go to Ebay when I had a better idea. I googled &#8220;Cell Phones Big Buttons&#8221;. Exactly .29 seconds later I had about 1,830,000 results and bought the first phone on the list.I&#8217;ve had the phone about a week now and really like it, but clearly, its target audience is much older than I. For example, the phone gets FM radio reception. Only people over the age of 80 would think that was cool. (Mabel: &#8220;George, the cell phone comes with FM radio!&#8221; George: &#8220;Mabel, what in tarnation is FM?&#8221;) The ring tones that come with the phone are a phone ring from the 1920s, the Andy Griffith theme song and &#8220;Chattanooga Choo Choo&#8221;. The cool great-grandpas can also choose &#8220;Dragnet&#8221;, &#8220;Hawaii Five-0&#8221; and &#8220;James Bond&#8221;. It also has a special &#8220;funeral mode&#8221; which automatically changes the ring tone to &#8220;Amazing Grace&#8221;. The ring tone volume is adjustable, but even the softest level is louder than an infomercial in the middle of the night.There is also a keen safety feature which only people of a certain age can appreciate. If you can&#8217;t wait  for help to arrive if you dialed 911, there is a big red button on the back of the phone you can use to call for more immediate help. When you push the button, a VERY loud voice yells for help. The three standard yells you can choose from are &#8220;Help! I&#8217;ve fallen and I can&#8217;t get up!&#8221;, &#8220;Help! I have no idea what I&#8217;m doing here!&#8221; and &#8221;Help! Someone stole my clothes!&#8221; You can also record a custom message. Mine says &#8220;Help! I can&#8217;t find my TV remote!&#8221;You may think my message is silly, but you would be wrong. Just the other day, I called Comcast to get some help with a technical issue we were having. The woman on the phone fixed my problem, then asked helpfully &#8220;Is there anything else I can do for you?&#8221;&#8220;Well, do you know where my TV remote is?&#8221;&#8220;The one upstairs or the one in the basement?&#8221;&#8220;The one upstairs.&#8221;&#8220;Did you look under the red pillow on the sofa?&#8221;Sure enough it was there! So you just never know.David LeSueur lives in Littleton, Colorado with his wife Mary. He was diagnosed with MS in 2000. He still has his TV remote, but is missing a brown sock. Could someone from Comcast please call him?

Phone was just as stated. I have had it a while now, and it works very well. I got it for my elderly mom. She can see what she is dialing, and it is simple enough for her to know what she is doing(most of the time). I got it for her to use T-Mobile pre-paid Gold plan. For those of you who don't know, you can buy 1000 minutes for $100,that will last a year, then add any size dollar amount card and it will roll over for another year! For people who don't use their phone much, this is a great plan!Robert

I bought this phone for my 90-ish parents. It is NOT the answer. Besides a very cheap "build" (lowest quality plastic, keys stick, battery cover is very balky), its operation is not intuitive. My parents would be coming off a Nokia, but Snapfone software is very primitive. The screen is so small that text messages for refills scroll one word at a time. Programming for the one-text is way beyond Senior capacity.  The ONLY thing this phone has going for it are large keys that sing out when you touch them.  A better bet is to program the one-touch keys on your Seniors' existing phone and tape the numbers to the back.

The phone is great. It was just what I need for my husband.He can see the number and hear the phone ring now. Thanksfor creating a phone like this for elder people. I likethat he got the car plug free. Thanks.

Bought this for senior. . . put sim card from AT&T; and works great.Just like describe. Easy to set up/operate.After trying so many non senior phones, Mom was extremely pleased with this. PERFECT, PERFECT, PERFECT.

It is an excellent cell phone for senoir people. It is very easy to use and to carry and is very cheap

We loved everything about this phone, the large easy to see numbers, the easy to use features, the SOS button and even the charging stand and lanyard we bought with it. Then we made some calls. Oh my! It was such poor quality audio, that many words were not understandable. I checked with our carrier, AT&T, and there were no problems and we were well in range. Our other AT&T cells worked fine. Too bad, we had to send it back.

I was extremely disappointed after buying this seemingly well featured phone for my Dad's 89th birthday. We went to AT&T to buy the SIM card and found the phone did not work! The number 9 would not work at all and when pressing number 5,it repeatedly entered multiple 5's. the phone was a disaster.  Great concept, poor quality control.

My dad has MS, hands don't work so hot + he's let's say &#34;cell phone challenged&#34;. Push numbers and send. That's about all he wants and this phone does it well! Simple, easy to read and navigate the contacts.

It does everything it claimed - easy to use very large numbers  The voice on phone is really easy to understand

Its numbers are big enough for feeble fingers.Its navigation can be learned without going to night school.At a reasonable price, and just the right size.It's the best cell Fon for the money I've seen.The Meritman

After struggling with a "smart" phone (Android) for over two years, I am thrilled with my decision to try the Snapfon.I make and receive calls easily--my prime objective for a telephone!The display is easy to read, and the buttons are easy to push.One of my favorite features is the locking keyboard . . . no more calling people with my a$$, then having to explain, and end up talking to people who make me wonder why I had their number in my phone to start with, LOL.Several people have commented that this phone doesn't have a camera.  I have a very good, and quite compact, digital camera.  I don't NEED a camera in my phone.  Furthermore, when I took pictures with my "smart" phone, I could never figure out where they went!  I know how to get to the photos in my digital camera.I am a very happy customer and highly recommend this phone!

From the moment I handed Mom this phone I knew it would be a hit.  All I had to do beforehand was pop in the AT&T; SIM from her old phone and throw the phone on the charger.  She's had it for a few weeks so far and hasn't had an issue.  It does exactly what she and I need it to do.  The call clarity surpasses that of the Samsung slider that it replaced.  Make sure to test the S.O.S. function before handing it over, as it isn't as fast as dialing 911.  I think that the delay is built in, to give the user the chance to cancel.  Makes sense to me...The phone arrived in perfect shape, packed well and on time.  Usual Amazon fare there.

I'm low vision (daylight driving only) and I'll be 70 in about a minute.I've struggled with a number of cell phones over the years squinting my way through menus, sub-menus and sub-sub menus. While my hearing is fair, I've never been able to use a cell phone as a confortable, viable alternative to a land-line.Well, finally, here it is. Simple, functional, uncomplicated and good voice quality. The perfect, light-weight cell phone.It has only one flaw - a somewhat serious one. It comes with 10 ringtones and they are all obnoxious. Sure, you'll hear them but you sure won't enjoy them. They really need to supply one softer, pleasant chime as an option.I've had it for 4 days and I'm planning on changing out all my senior friends phones with these. But first, I want that ringtone issue fixed by adding one decent ringtone.Otherwise, wow, it's great. Delivered overnight!(one more small complaint. The proprietary car charger is terribly overpriced at $13)

I bought this phone for a developmentaly disabled person.  Great, simple to use, phone.  When I brought it into T-Mobile to get a simcard for it, the staff passed it around commented on how easy it was to understand how to use. The numbers on this phone are really big.  The SOS button on the back is a great feature that can be programed to dial 911 and send Text to additional phone number.

The screen is big and the numerals large enough to see BUT my senior cannot use the thing without cutting it off due to the position of the buttons on the side.  He cannot hear on it and we cannot hear him.  When he presses it against his ear he blocks the mike.  I am frustrated with it and so is he.  If we had not already marked it I would send it back.

My wife is both visually and hearing impaired. We needed a phone that would help us feel safe when I was not around.  We found it with the Snapfon ezTwo.  Iet is easy to use, compact and it has the features that my wife can operate with confidence. The battery has a long life and it charges quickly and is compact in size.She likes it very much.

This was perfect for my Mother who has difficulty dialing on standard cellphones and who is confused by all of the other options standard cellphones have.  She was able to understand and master it's use immediately.Snapfon ezONE-C Senior Cell Phone with Big Buttons and Easy to Use: Cell Phones & Accessories

I recently purchased the Snapfon ezOone-C Senior Cell Phone for my mother. I was afraid that the phone would be "cheap" as most senior phones that I had seen were much more expensive. Since the first day that she got the phone, my mom has been delighted. The phone is very good quality. It is very easy to see, and it has a loud ringer. This was a great value and is a great little phone. My mom loves it! Thank you guys for providing a phone that is reasonably priced for seniors to use.

Phone worked for a couple years.  Tried to order the replacement battery.  Wrong battery sent.  My dad's phone is now dead and will probably just replace the whole phone.

Snapfon has a host of benefits: moderate size, easy to hold square shape, easy read numbers,  simple answer and hang-up icons, no flipping case,  and especially the "Panic Button".  Other phones call one number with the panic button.  This one calls and texts 4 numbers in a scrolling sequence until there is an answer.  My mother has  a relative, a neighbor, the police, and the fire department. I can't tell you what a relief it is to know she has this phone.  Thanks.

I purchased this phone for my 80 year old mother. She was previously using a flip phone but was having problems reading it and hearing it. After changing to the Snapfon, those problems were taken care of. The ring tones are loud enough that she can hear them and the display gives large, easily readable characters. She also can hear the conversation easily. She is on my AT&T Family Plan and all that I had to do was install her AT&T chip. The only problem she had was that she had to enter the "Menu" to find a phone number. The menu function is foreign to her. Eventually she got it and loves the phone now. I would suggest that the "Menu" button become the "phone book" button. Then access to the menu could be done by someone else (like me) with a combination of buttons (say * and # at the same time) to program the phone. Then the person using it does not have to enter the menu for every day tasks. She was having trouble when she entered the menu function because she would select the wrong item and get lost in the menu. It is more difficult for older people to learn because, when in the menu, it only displays one option and they don't understand that there are other options they can choose. While lost in the menu once, my mother accidentally deleted all of her phone numbers. I think this one change would make this the perfect phone for older people who are not used to cell phones or computers. Make that change and I'll rate this phone 5 stars.

Now you can buy better phone than this.. not worth the price.. my senior parents hate it and don't want to use it.

I bought this phone for my elderly husband of 89 years, whose hands / fingers lack strength.  The numbers / pads are good-sized, but, particularly for the "speed Dial" I found that they needed to be used with some force, ditto the emergency button,  i.e. not very sensitive, and therefore needed some practice.I found the instructions for setting up the phone adequate, but not particularly easy to follow, and far more complicated than the regular mobile phones, i.e. Nokia!Apart from the above, it seems to be a model with some very good features.I live in Barbados, and am happy to confirm that it works well here.

Purchased this product and its accessories for my father.  The phone is everything it was purported to be and we are very happy with it.  He had become too frustrated with the standard phones that are available due to small key sizes and too much technology.  He wanted a very simple-to-use phone with easily readable display and buttons with a mechanical feel when touched.  He was never sure he was hitting the correct button and was having trouble verifying that he had the correct number/contact.

I was disapointed when &iacute; see that the charter was missing, because this phone was for muy grandmother, i dont even know if It Works.

This is an easy to use cell phone for our senior parent. The numbers are easy to see and the voice prompt is an additional plus. The SOS button is an addition that allows for peace of mind for both our senior and us. The flash light and radio are also nice features. We entered important numbers and set up the plan with Snapfon. It was easy and very competitive. Thanks for a simple but effective product.

Very loud and clear ring. Can set up to 4 alarms, which we use as reminders to take medication, etc. The SOS button emits a nice loud tone and contacts your selections quickly. The buttons are a good size and have a small margin of space between them, which makes it easier to use. This was such a great purchase, our AT&T store said they wished they could sell them!

Got this for a person with Parkinson's who has trouble using smaller phones since none of the regular phone companies have something for disabled people.  IT works good.  The one button feature alerts me when he is calling.  Some of the buttons could be better.  The red button and green button can be confusing to him, but we are working on that.  The red button turns the phone on, and can confuse you when you are trying to get it to work.  (Red means stop and green means go...pressed the green button numerous times until I called and found out it was the red button that activates it).  But it is helpful and the only phone out there for disabled people that I could find.

I ordered a Snapfon for my mom over a year ago. One year and one month later that phone died and could not be revived--how convenient that it expired just barely past the one-year warranty.  :-/  I wanted her to try another brand, but she, being the optimist, said she would try the Snapfon one more time. At $80 per phone, it is too expensive for her to be replacing these phones on an annual basis. She is retired, on a fixed income, and like so many of the elderly, has ongoing medical expenses. So we shall see how long this second phone endures....

The Snapfon ezTwo Senior cell phone is easy to dial, see the display, lock/unlock keys.  It advertised a FM radio on to left side but came with a camera in that location which is fine.  Deleting old messaged and voice mail is a little too hard for my senior user but it work great overall.

I bought this for my mother. I expected that she would have to get use to this phone but the process has been extremely difficult. She is constantly accidentally deleting contacts or &#34;copying&#34; them so she has 3 or 4 of the same person. She accidentally turns the volume down and then can't hear me when I call.  She did have another cell phone before I got her this one so she does know the basics of how to use one. The buttons are big and easy to see and use but what seems perfectly intuitive to me just evades her as she tries to use it.

Bought the phone for y elderly parent they like the ease of using the phone  it was a  great buy for them

I purchased this phone for my mother who was in a nursing home and could not use a phone well due to recent illness.  Bottom line is that the phone worked for few months and then started having problems charging. I replaced the charger and then was about to replace the battery and decided to scrap it!  It's not worth the hassle and by the time she was starting to be able to work the phone better it had died.  Go with a decent low cost prepaid phone and pay as you go or get a low cost monthly plan.

This phone appears as though it would be very easy for a senior to see and use.  It was very unuser friendlyy and my mother (a college educated woman) had great difficulty with it.  We finally gave up and bought and iphone.  That was a MUCH better choice!!!

I bought this phone for my 89 year old father who has Parkinson's disease (limited tactile mobility) and some hearing loss. So far, so good. Although his vision isn't really good enough to use the menu screen, he hears voices more clearly on his cell phone than his land line. The key pad is responsive enough that he usually dials accurately.Assuming he remembers to carry it with him (a problem, since he won't wear the lanyard I bought), it improves our ability to speak with him regularly and improves the quality of his life.

On the whole, it's a great phone for seniors.At 93, anything new to learn is a challenge.  After 2 long lessons, I think my mother may get it, but she wants a cheat sheet to remind her, since she only uses it for emergencies.The one flaw is the way the speaker is engaged.  My mother is extremely hearing impaired and wears 2 hearing aids.  She can only hear voices with the speaker.  On snapfon, my she has to answer the phone in the regular way.  Since she can't hear on the phone, she has hope her caller can hear her tell them to hold on while she puts them on the speaker, then hold the ZERO button for a few seconds which emits a loud tone that the caller hears before the speaker is engaged. Once connected it is  tricky to get the caller's voice to be loud enough without getting reverb.It isn't perfect, but it will certainly work in an emergency and you can't beat the monthly fees.The good points are the numbers are large, it is relatively simple, has a flashlight which we have used and an SOS button.

Don't buy this,waste of money! their are better phones at a lower cost! Get something other than this one please!

Like the simple features of the Snapfon that I purchased for an eldery parent. The only complaint I have is the reception is iffy with AT&T service. We can hear callers fine but they complain of bad connection and occassionaly have trouble hearing us.Not sure if it may be the phone as other cell phones work without a problem.

Product is just as it presented and am pleased with what was received. Was able to switch AT&T; SIM card with no problem. Works well and is MUCH simpler than the "senior-friendly" phone sold by AT&T; (how clueless can these people be?!).  For the elderly, I have seen no better option on the market (at least, if you need to work with a recognized national carrier).For our needs (80-something elders), however, the ezOne is still too complex.  An "ezZERO" WITHOUT text messaging and FM radio would be even better.  Getting messages is confusing, but I'm not sure that is something that can be solved with the phone hardware/software design.  Too many button pushes to get to the stored phone number scroll.  A physical on/off switch might be less confusing to some seniors.  A physical switch for QUIET mode (no ring but buzz, not speaker phone, no speak-number dialing) vs. LOUD mode (ring, speaker phone, speak-number dialing) would be nice. For an ezZERO phone, assume a more technologically-savvy family member would set-up the device. Hide the set-up interaction away from day-to-day user... they should never see a "set-up" menu.All-in-all, the phone is a much better design for the elder user... best on the market that I have seen.  It addresses sight and mobility limitations quite well with big numbers and large simplified display.  Still problems for elders with memory/cognition/complexity difficulties.

My 81 year old mother has a significant hearing loss and suffers from macular degeneration which results in tremendous vision issues.  I searched far and wide to for a phone that was suitable for her use.  This phone is fantastic and an incredible value.  Although my mothers challenges are great, I would recommend this for any senior just because it is so simple to use.  I was able to very easily add it to my ATT&T contract.  The sales rep was excited to see the phone, because none of the big carriers has anything available for this large market.  I would suggest that Snapfon start talking to ATT and others and make these phones more readily available.

This phone is very easy to use and as you can see from the pictures, it has a big keyboard and large numbers and letters on the screen. It connected seamlessly to our ATT account. It has various ring tones over a wide spectrum of sounds so that the hearing impaired can find a tone that suits them. It is lightweight. The built in flash light is a plus. All in all, a good phone for seniors.

We bought this phone for our mom who has never used a cell phone. Although it is easy to use, it is cheaply made. You get what you pay for.

(review is for ezONE)My grandpa liked it, the buttons were big but the phone is flimsy.Screen stopped working after a few months.

Got this phone for my 90 year old aunt and it is wonderful..  Got the phone quickly and I was able to put the sim card in myself and it worked with her AT&T service.... The numbers are so big and she was able to see them just fine and it is simple to work and each # pressed speaks the number loud and clear.

Recently bought this phone for my Mom after a stroke left her with double vision.  Her current cell phone is a pay as you go T-mobile.  Be sure and save your contacts to your sim card before transfering it to the new phone.  Editing/searching names and numbers was extremely difficult with the Snapfon.  The emergency button on the back of the phone is a great idea.  However, the phone is so small, accidentally hitting this button was becoming a problem.  Had to turn that feature off.  The big buttons were a definite plus.  However, it was all the other buttons that were a problem.  I agree with other reviewers that the radio and flashlight were unnecessary.  She would turn these on by mistake, and thus drain the battery.  The solution was to tape those buttons down.  All in all, not a good product for my Mom.  I returned the phone and got my money back.  No complaints with this company, just not a good fit.

I purchased this phone for my grandmother.  It is quite easy for her to use.  Additionally, we don't live in the US, and there was no problem using our sim card.

My mother is almost blind, and this phone is great...nice big numbers, easy to ready and easy to use. The ring is nice and loud. It's perfect for her!

There is no signal often.  I bought this item for my father who has hearing Problem,but the incoming call volume is so low and he could not hear the conversation at all.  There is no way to adjust the incoming voice column. Will return it.

Purchased this for my mother.  She likes this basic cell phone.  So much so she will recommend it to her friends.

Great phone. Bought this for my memory impaired mother that I recently moved into assisted living. The numbers are big, operation fairly simple, only problem I found was sometimes she cut the call off and then turns off or the ringer somehow. I don't know what she does to turn the phone ringer off, but does happen frequently. It was a simple hooked up to the T mobile flat $30 for 1500 minutes to learn on.

This phone is a double edged situation as far as I'm concerned. My dad is 81 and somewhat computer savvy but on a very low level and he just loves this phone. He can see and hear perfectly and has even learned to text. This phone does not receive any multi media messages like pictures though. On the flip side, in less than one year we are on the THIRD phone purchased from this company. Phone number one conked out and had no display within the first month. Phone number two last longer but within 90 days the screen display went haywire. I could no longer return it through Amazon and had to send about 400 emails back and forth to the vendor who finally had me send it back and I received ZERO response or action from them. I ended buying yet ANOTHER phone for my dad and it has only been a few months now and the phone is going completely dead. He has had to take it to the ATT store and they pulled the battery out and put it back in and it worked again, but I told dad if this phone goes back that is IT! No more, not again. It's a great concept but in my opinion very poorly made and they really don't seem very enthusiastic about customer service either. I would proceed with caution. It's cheap enough but not when you have to buy three a year.

I helped my 85-year-old dad order this phone so he could eliminate his $77/mo. landline (which included no long distance). He is legally blind and severly hearing-impaired. This phone has been great for him -- he can actually see the buttons/numbers and read the text. He can hear it ring and it has really clear sound. I only have to forgive him for choosing the theme from "Dragnet" for his ringtone!

Bought this phone twice in august of last year. The first one was returned to amazon as just stopped working in the first couple weeks. The second took longer but was not eligible for amazon return so had to pay money to send it into snapfon. They fix it and returned it. Then one day my father was at the senior center and he used it to call the cab and put it in his pocket. After 10 mins took out phone again and the screen went white. After sending in it they told me that we dropped phone or squeezed it which was not done. Obviously just hold the front of the phone did not damage. They refused to reimburse or give me a replacement. Not a good support system or customer service. I WOULD NOT BUY THIS PHONE. The support if something goes wrong will not be there. This phone is too feeble for me and I do not think it suits any senior.

the reception isn't so great either. we're on AT&T. dad likes it on the whole. for the life of me can't get the speakerphone to work. maybe it's defective. i already called cust. support. i don't think dad will want to send it back and be phoneless in the meanwhile though :(

Bought this phone for my elderly dad. It's just perfect and does the job and he can still text and take pictures if he wants.

This is a great phone for an older person. My Mom is almost 97 and she loves it. Someone will probably have to set it up for the older person.... that is enter names and numbers in the phone book. The instructions for doing this are iffy.  You have to enter Alpha characters using the phone dial keypad. But once its set up finding names in the phone book is simple. The large keypad is there in case a name/number isn't in the phone book. There is also a Red Emergency button on the rear. Let me tell you it works. I had my number my wife's number and 911 in that order in the Emergency list. I thought it would dial first one then the next etc. So I tested it thinking I would stop it after it called me. Well that ain't the way it worked. It called all three at once. I had to call 911 and tell them the call was an accident. The phone also has Txt Msging and a camera but I haven't tried to teach Mom how to use those...... maybe some day when I have lots of time and patience.

This phone was for my 89 year old mother who does not like digital technology.  She likes the phone because of the big numbers and simple display.  She wanted a basic telephone, not the sophistication of an IPhone.  I programmed her favorite numbers into speed dial so it is hit one number and place the call.  She was comfortable with the phone after a couple of days use.  From my perspective, the reason for not being five stars, is the provided users manual is not adequate in its description of what the phone can do.  If you use the website version and especially the frequently asked questions then you can find out what ever you need in setting up the phone.  I added her to my Tmobile account for $10.00 instead of getting her a landline for $50.00.  Tmobile programmed the SIM card and the phone was working within an hour after the SIM card was installed.  I would buy this phone again for an elderly person.

Bought this for my senior mother who is having problems with her eyesight and her feelings in her hands.  The SOS on the back is for her to send us text messages when she is not feeling well.  She already has lifeline for 911 calls so it was not necessary to program the phone for that.  I would have liked it better if the speed dial numbers didn't have to be held down as much in order to dial but is working for her.

I purchased this device for my 60 year old mother, she does not want nor need nor know how to use a Smartphone, and even basic flip phones can be confusing to her.Pros1. Great Screen2. BIG Font for onscreen use3. Big Buttons for dialing.4. Loud speakerphone and when you "can" make a call the sound quality is good.5. Great Battery LifeCons1. Picks up T-Mobile signal terribly, my mothers old Nokia flip phonepicked up at-lest 3-5 bars at all times at her residence, but thisdevice even has NO signal, or 1 bar.2. Feels cheap.Of course being able to use the phone is the most important function, and the device just seemsto have a weak antenna.

I recently purchased this for an elderly parent in a nursing home who has right side paresis from a stroke 14 years ago. She had been unable to manage a regular land line as well as a flip phone. With minimal repetitive instruction she is able to make and receive calls, see and feel the buttons working. Now I just have to figure out how to assist her with charging  the phone.Set up w/ AT&T; chip was easy. Well worth the money, rapid delivery (less than predicted delivery time), easy to set up and use.

We purchased this phone last year for my wife's mother, who is now 101 YEARS OLD.  She recently moved into a "care" facility and this phone is her main link to the outside world, besides TV and personal visits.  She loves the phone.  Despite failing vision she can select and dial pre-programmed numbers with only the occasional error.  My sister-in-law placed some very small rubber bumpers on the phone to help her stay oriented on the keyboard.We live two hours away and this phone allows us to communicated with "mom" regularly.My wife liked the phone so much that I also bought her one.  Recently, we purchased an extra case and a car charger, which seem to be of good quality.Initially we had some problems programming the phone's features.  The included instructions were a little vague in places.  It is also suggested that a "large print" user manual be provided.  After all, this phone is designed and provided for "elderly" people, who often cannot read as clearly.

We use the phone mainly for emergencies, also to call the other when away from home.  Written Instructions were not clear enough but a phone request gave us the basics.

i bought this for my 90 year old mother and she loves it.  It's easy for her to read and use.  Perfect Senior phone!

This is a great mobile phone for seniors.  Large buttons & loud volume are appreciated. It is a definite hit.

This is a great phone, my mother is blind in one eye and the numbers are really big!! This phone was well worth the money!!  Great great phone.  Easy to program, she loves it!!

Bought this for an 85 year old senior. Phone has more features than necessary like radio, flashlight, keyboard lock, etc., which just drain the battery and make it more complicated to use.Biggest problem is the address book. My assumption was that you can scroll through the address book by using the arrow button -- not so. Have to navigate through a menu to get to the address book first. What the...?Buttons are nice and big, so is the display, but the phone is useless as too many menu options to navigate just to place a phone call (unless you just dial the number on the keypad).  No option to lock-out menu choices, so not a good product for an elderly person looking for the simplest phone possible.Reception is good, so is volume. Ability to block incoming SMS is a plus. SOS button does work, so that feature is worth keeping -- all others should be removed. Too complex for most seniors. Keep it simple.  Remove all features and menu choices besides the address book.

Its a great phone & as per description. My mom wanted a simple phone & this is the simplliest one that i could find. It has all these side keys for lock, flashlight, volume & radio so you dont have to keep on looking at the settings menu. The speaker is also very loud & clear. I would say its worth it for senior citizen but make sure you check out snapfon website & know their current rebates on the phone before ordering.

I bought this phone for my elderly father.  He is 81 and it has been a great benefit to him.  The key pad is large and easy to see as well as the screen font.  I really like that it has a cradle that it can be placed in to recharge, plus the ring is loud enough for him to hear it throughout the house.  That is a real plus.  I have programmed in the SOS numbers and that gives me a good comfort level.  This phone does not have all the typical gadgets you would see on a cell phone, but my father would never use those anyway.  It is perfect for an older adult.

I bought this phone for my mother. She had difficulty dialing and reading the display on her T-Mobile phone. We bought a lariat to go with the phone so it is easy for her to carry it when we go out to the store or park, and even around the house. We love the lock keypad feature on the side of the phone (helps when the two year old happens to grab hold of it). The emergency button on the back is also and excellent feature. It helps to know that if she falls in her bedroom we can hear the alarm, or if she is alone she can easily press the button to reach 911. The phone has been such a success we're considering buying one for my mother-in-law.

I found the search for a simple telephone extremely frustrating until I found this phone; I didn't want internet nor did I want or need the bells and whistles. This is a very simple and easy to understand telephone that satisfies my needs very well.

Big buttons and works great. Load speaker,my father is blind and death and this phone has really helped us stay in touch.Thanks Michael

We have tried several different phones for our elderly Mom and found that this version is the best we have tried; it is simple and easy to use, and she can see the numbers without her glasses, another plus.

The phone is a very good idea for seniors. my mom had a great experience with hers she loved the large numbers and was able to dial with it pretty good. However, less than a year it stop working, after replacing the battery the phone had shorted out. The draw back is there is no one in my area able to fix it and the warranty is out.Snapfon ezONE-C Senior Cell Phone with Big Buttons and Easy to Use: Cell Phones & Accessories

My mom had a stroke and she isn't able to figure out how to call me or use the phone book function on a cellphone anymore.  To make it even worse, she is almost deaf.  She also gets confused easily and tries to manually input my cell phone number, but often mis-dials and calls other people in my town, but can't hear them speaking when they answer and so she calls them over and over and over.She lives in my home but I often can't hear her when she hollers for me.  So I purchased this Snapfon ezONE-C.  The first one was defective, and I sent it back.  Also, don't bother purchasing the cradle accessory, you don't need it to charge the phone.  The one I got was flimsy and didn't even work to charge the phone at all and I sent it back.  I did get the lanyard and attach it so Mom had something extra to hang on to.Here is how the Snapfon has solved a few of our problems:  On the back side of the phone is a bright red candy-like SOS button.  Every day I ask my mother, how do you call me?  And I watch to see that she can point to the red button and count to five.  The SOS button can be programmed to text several numbers with an emergency message of your choosing, and I think it can also phone a list of emergency numbers from your contact list.  Every time she texts me it uses 10 cents of our ATT pay as you go time.  I have also programmed keypad #9 for 911 and another keypad # to quickdial me.When I am home, I use the sliding lock mechanism on the side of the phone to prevent her from trying to dial out on her own because she can't do it, but still wants to try.  This saves airtime and my neighbors from going nuts with the whole dial and ditch thing.  Even if the keypad is locked, the emergency button on the back still functions and she can answer when I call her back.  There is a nice super loud ring tone that she can actually hear.The things I don't like about the phone:  The fm radio switch on the side.  She accidentally turns it on, and it hisses loudly but she can't hear it.  The flashlight:  same thing.  I'd just rather have a basic phone with nothing she can accidentally turn on.  The phone feels a bit flimsy but so far it does the job.  The first one I bought was sent back because the lock button only worked intermittently and I had to remove the battery to unlock the phone.I'm using this in conjunction with a nursery monitor to try and keep better tabs on my Mom who has fallen a few times, and then not been able to figure out the cell phone she carried to call me for help.  She does seem to remember the red SOS button.

I am legally blind (65 years old) and I am happy with the phone. The screen is big and the buttons are easy to use. It has a camera, but you cannot do anything with them. There is a socket for a micro SD card to store the pictures, however you can't send them out in a MMS text message. There is no option for a data plan even though their on-line manual says so. SMS texts and fine and the rest of the options are great. I had a Snapfon ONE and this Snapfon TWO is a great improvement. You can import the pictures into your computer with the USB cable, but you probably not buy this phone for the camera.  It is the best phone out there; I have done a lot of research. My son just took the SIM card out of my old phone and it was operational. I also bought the charging cradle and the and the protective cover (it makes the phone easier to use). I am on the AT& T network so I do not know about the other plans. I hope this helps.

I had some problems with the power and menu buttons until I learned that the power button has to be held down for 4 seconds before it turns on the phone, and the menu button won't always respond if pressed in the middle.  You need to press it at the the bottom to get into the menu.

I got this phone for my almost 85-year old mother, and I like the big buttons, ease of use, and the simple menus.  The only problem I am having is how to delete unwanted sms messages from the inbox - the instructions don't tell you how to do this, and I haven't been able to figure it out!

I tried and tried to get this phone activated and could not get it going. I was supposed to get free activation and added minutes and the like, at least according to the activation kit that came with the phone. I got the $14.95 plan but I had to pay the activation fee and they charged me for a 2nd phone on top of that. Tomorrow I'm going to call the snapfon people and tell them to take the charge for the 2nd phone off my account. I should not have had to pay for the activation fee or the 2nd phone. But on the other hand there will be another phone if this one gets lost or misplaced. I'm not sure about this co. but that was ridiculous to have to pay for another phone when I just got this one today. I emailed customer service so we'll see what happens. I can't really give a review because I have not tried to call any one as yet so will do that tomorrow. Will see how things go but it is nice I can change providers if things don't work out. Thank you

This item bought for a 91 year old woman. She is finally able to make calls. I read the review about older people not grasping the hold to shut off the phone opposed to tapping once to end call. This proved to be correct. we have to enlist a neighbor to go by the house and turn her phone on when we cant reach her. But we are working on it and she is getting better.

I like the phone but still a lot of work to be done by the maker.1. If you're dialing a number (just entering the numbers before you make the actual call) and it happens to receive one incoming call at that particular instant you cannot answer the incoming call, the phones continues to ring but no button take any action. You have to keep the Red key pressed to turn off the phone, is the only way to make it stop ringing.2. The green key sometimes do the function of the menu key and sometimes takes you to the lists of calls, you never know what you will get when pressing that key.3. The lists of calls have no time stamp so you'll never know when a given call was lost, received, done, etc.Those 3 things are critical for me, I don't know if this is just a matter of firmware update or what.

This senior phone has been a big help to my elderly mother. The speaking keypad and large number read out make dialing less chancy. The menu is easy to navigate with options being fairly straightforward. It is easy to learn how to use this phone even for someone not used to a cell phone. The one problem with the phone is the location of the volume button on the side where your hand often rests and sometimes the volume gets turned down accidentally resulting in a silenced ringer or a muted call volume.

Bought it for old parent, the phone was not able to be turned on except the flashlight part, followed the customer service instruction to return it back under my own shipping expense. The same phone was shipped back, was able to turn on and made the calls ...........until battery had no power. Tried number of recharge, never able to turn on. Finally it works after put in a Nokia battery.Of course then found out this product has a common battery issue that not last long.Plus the phone is only very basic for call & text only, you have no way to check your acct. like a real carrier phone.

We bought this primarily for emergency use. Unfortunately reception is so unpredictable it can't be counted on in our home though ok in town most places. Reception varies constantly.Also there is no way of keeping track of minutes used. Should be right on the screen on start-up.

Great phone both easy to use and see set-up was a snap. Anyone who wants a simple phone this is for you  .

Bought this phone (Snapfon ezTwo, unlocked GSM) for my 92-year-old father.Works fine with an AT&T; SIM, reception is okay in our area, but seems to need a strong cell signal.Battery life is great so far ... up to 7 days between charging ... mainly because it's just a phone (no web, no data plan, etc.)Phone is relatively easy for a senior to learn to use - easy-to-press physical buttons and large clear display help a lot.Phone construction is adequate, but feels flimsy - I bought a hard-shell case (Snapfon ezTwo Tuff Case) which adds some protection without a lot of bulk.All in all, I am pleased with the purchase so far, my only concern is with the phone contstruction, otherwise it works as expected/advertised.

I bought this phone for my 85 year old parents who were having trouble using a more traditional cell phone. The large keypad and volume controls are perfect for seniors. They haven't used the SOS button yet but I'm glad it's there if they ever need it.

This phone is great for my uncle who is visually impaired! Tried many others and they don't come close to measuring up.

I purchased this phone for my mother-in-law. I also bought the desktop charger and lanyard. It is very easy to use and light enough to wear around the neck with the lanyard. The features with, FM radio and built-in flaslight with the recessed key for emergency dial and one button dialing are great. My mother-in-law has a vision problem, so the only shortcoming I feel is the lack of raised numbers. The 5 number has a raised dimple on it. I glued plastic jewels on the answer and end keys, this helped her to answer the phone without even looking at the keypad. The plastic jewels and the raised dimple on the 5 number also gave her the ability to dial without looking at the keyboard. I would recommend this phone for a senior.

WE LOVE THE PHONES MANY FEATURES AND THE FACT THAT THE DIAL BOTTONS ARE LARGE BUT WE DID FIND ONE MAYOR PROBLEM THE VIEWING SCREEN IS VERY SMALL AND WE CURRENTLY AND NOT USING THE PHONE BECAUSE OF THAT SO IT SITS ON THE CHARGER NOT BEING USED...

Great product!Very Light weight..User Friendly...Ill recommend it!More than enough.Grand Ma now is connected.Thank You!

The SnapFon ezONE-C Senior cell phone was supposed to be an easy to use phone replacement and this was so cumbersome and full of glitches that it needed to be pulled from the market.  I'm a techie who works with VoIP and all types of cell/ smart phones and this was junk.  The first one would lock up and not be a useable phone or it would dial the preset numbers on its own and send out the texts.  We used it on our AT&T; plan and had to return it for an exchange after they inspected it for a few weeks and then shipped one out.  The replacement unit was equally as bad, but it would drop off the network so you couldn't call it.  I picked up a $30 flip "go" phone and now we're much happier.  I preferred the button, but what's the point if it wouldn't work most of the time anyway.  I am still within warranty and was told that I would have to pay $79.99 to upgrade to Junk-fon #2 when I only paid $59 for Junk-fon #1 that is STILL supposed to be under warranty.  I'm just keeping the go phone and avoiding the extra hassles at this point since #2 could be more like a doodie #2 anyway.JD

Got this phone for my Grandma.She's 85 years old and just needed a phone for emergencies.This phone is unlocked, so you can use any gsm carrier in the US.Not too sure if it's quad band.She loves it because it's really easy to use.Big numbers and big screen for numbers.Simple to use.Looks like a house phone which she liked.We ended up using the service that comes with the phone.Affordable and just the right plan for her.

great phone older person hard of hearing loud ringtone good ringtone reveille .big numbers easy to hold ,best phone i have had since star stac a long time ago

This phone really fills a needed niche. We got one for my mother-in-law, who appreciates the simplicity and larger buttons. She's in her 90s and just doesn't have the dexterity to use a small or flip phone. The phone seems sturdy, is still pocket sized (for a large pocket) and reasonably priced.

Great phone for the price, also ordered one for my younger (mentally challenged) sister.  Easy for her to understand and use.

I was looking for a phone for my 85 year old mother who had problems with the average phone on the market (small buttons, tiny font, Ph.D required to navigate) and was pleased when I saw/read the reviews on the Snapfon. I received it quikly after purchasing and all that was advertized was in the box. Having set up the phone for my mother, I however have two (2) concerns, the first being that I have not found a way to delete contacts from the phone book on the sim card; secondly reading text messages is difficult as on scrolling the text does not aligne properly in the display.

I wouldn't give one star but had to in order to write a review. The phone was too difficult  to work, not only for my aging parent but myself. Then it broke 2 weeks later.

Bought this phone for my 87 year old Dad whom legally blind.  The buttons are easy to use but the best part is they speak to him!  Just popped in the sim card from his old phone and it was ready to go.

Purchased the phone, desktop charger and case for my father who had a stroke.  Tried it out for a day so I could see how it worked.  4 out of 6 calls were bad - could not hear callers, they could not understand me.  Garbled and full of static.  Tried in several different settings so a "bad cell area" was not the issue.  Also had an issue with the desktop charger.  It would not accept the charging plug.  Broken upon receipt.  Saw these issues in a few other customer reviews but not all so I thought I'd roll the dice.  Lastly, the case fit the phone but it it was hard to get the side button to work when it was on - especially the volume buttons.  All products would have done nothing but frustrate my elderly father so they were promptly returned.

The phone has great features but you cannot use with standard well served service providers like Verizon or ATT.  Snapfone offer service but their coverage is lousy and calls are dropped which is not what a senior is looking for.  Seniors want reliable service along with an easy phone.

I bought this phone for my 84 year old Mother. She needed something simple and easy to read.  She also is able to hear conversations clearly and the ring is loud enough for her to hear.  She feels much better now that she has a way to talk to family any time she needs to.  We checked several cell phone models before finding this one, she is able to see the numbers and to dial easily because of the big buttons.  It does not have a lot of fancy features but it had the necessary ones for her. It was a little smaller than I wanted but she hasn't had trouble keeping up with it.  She is happy and so are we.  I would recommend it to anyone who needs a simple way to keep in touch with family & friends.

Even though I'm not into the 'senior' things, this phone gives good service, ok photos, ample phone numbers and good volume at a fair price. One must get an optional cover for it since it, and all other phones I've seen, are simply impossible to hold and use without one. Ring tones are severely limited. Battery life is excellent so far...one charge lasts a full week. The display and keys are large and clear and instructions only mildly obscure, unlike the mostly foreign tainted tripe put out by most electronic gadgets these days.

The big buttons and simple design is why I got this phone for my 85 year old dad. He recently moved to a retirement facility and I could add this phone to my existing AT&T plan for $10 a month.  He learned to use it fairly quickly and the quality seems to be good.

Ordering was easy and received when they said it would be delived.  Snapfon will make it easier for a 78 year old to join the electronic age, large letters and ease use are a major facter in getting a Snapfon.

I bought this unit specifically for a person who is legally blind. Previously the person was using a Motorola phone, which was quite good and friendly to use, but the battery died, and I decided to search for another brand. Mistake made!! Even-tough the buttons are big, is not reliable to identify the top part of the phone. For example, if you need to look for NAMES: the way that it works is not friendly. For a person with visual limitations is a challenge to be able to touch the ( - ) at the right superior part of the phone, then the names are not displayed in a color that helps. I won't recommend this cell phone. I am not sure if may work for "seniors" but definitely not for a legally blind person.

Good things:1.  Really loud ring.2.  Really big letters on keys.3.  Just pop in your SIM and you're ready to gowith your previous GSM number.Bad things:1.  Voice volume is way too low for seniors.2.  No speakerphone.I would give it five stars IF:1.  They greatly boost the sound volume.2.  Add speakerphone feature.3.  Add alarm feature.Raja.

I wasn't there when my mother got her phone, but she seemed to have a very hard time learning to use it.  However I have talked to her, with her using the phone many times and the sound quality is very poor.  Also she still seems to be having trouble working with it.  That of course could just be her.UPDATE: I went to visit my mother.  I was shocked at the poor quality of this device.  it is cheaply made: very light, and very small.  that is why the keys look so big. My sister gave mother and old phone left over from a phone contract some years back.  She loves the old phone.  I tossed the Snapfon in the trash!

The phone is quite easy to use, and customer service is excellent. Numerals are large and easy to read. The manual is printed in large, easy-to-read type. Manual doesn't' tell know how to delete a SMS or a single contact.

We like the phone. The only improvement i would wish for is that a picture can be saved for every contact so the picture of the caller is displayed on the screen during incoming call. I think this could help people who are not so literate to identify the caller. Shouldn't be a big problem to program since the camera is already available.

It does look like it was made of cheap plastic. The build quality of the phone is not the highest, but it is really extremely senior-friendly. my 90-year old professor seemed to like it, found it easy to use and compact to carry in his suitcase. $60 is slightly over-priced, but it doesn't have a competitor that matches so you are stuck with that price!

We bought this phone for my wife's grandmother. It has selectively few, large buttons with a large display. The phone is not as big or bulky as you may fear.

Great phone!!Easy for seniors to use my mother in law loves it !I can't thank you enough for the product !

I bought this for my father and he really likes it.  It is perfect for the hard of hearing as it can ring VERY loudly.  The big buttons are good for the visually impaired but the small screen and no options leave a lot to be desired as far as being able to read any txt on it.  Also, the 911 button is  great idea but my dad has mistakenly pushed it while in his pocket because it is so big and right in the middle of the back of the phone.

I had a ZTE phone that would die after three hours of conversation. I was out of my contract. I had NO desire for a smartphone. I wanted a phone that would keep a charge for a long time, had large keys, good sound, and was GSM. I didn't want a web browser, email or anything else. I just wanted a phone that had good sound and would hold a charge for a long time.I have found it in the Snapfon. It's simple. It's got big keys. It's got a good sound. It has an FM radio and a flashlight. Now, the flashlight isn't a spotlight. It's not a 34,000 lumen Cree flashlight. It's not a tactical flashlight. Your local SWAT team would laugh itself collective self into a hernia over this flashlight. But if you're trying to get into your house at 10:30 at night and you don't want to dig through your purse for your Fenix or Polarion, this illuminates the lock on your door just fine.The user guide is simple and easy to follow.On top of all that, it's loaded with the Benny Hill, Andy Griffith, Hawaii Five-O, James Bond and Dragnet themes in addition to a couple of regular old phone rings and bell sounds for ringtones.For $58.00, I think it's a great deal.

I liked the big buttons and large readout.....Then you have the slide switches and various buttons on both sides of the phone; even a large button on the back side of the phone. It took me a while to figure it all out much less a senior. My 82 had no problems with her old flip phone but this was a DISASTER from the first day. Has a very weak built in flashlight or I would call it a small light, all of which is one of the slide switches on the side of the phone. Leave the light on and it kills the battery, slide the wrong switch to turn it off and you lock the keyboard.I can not recommend this as a phone and certainly not for a senior citizen.

I bought this phone for my husband who has difficulty using a small key pad. It is very easy to set up and use.  The instruction manual is in large print and simple to follow.  I did call Snapfon with a question and they gave me the information quickly and in an understandable manner. This phone would be good for anyone who does not need all the bells and whistles.  While it is designed for a "senior", I think it would also be good for a young child or a developmentally disabled person.

Bought for my 79 year old Mom who was having problems using regular cell phone models.  This is easy for her to use and the emergency button is a great feature we hope to never need.

Updated review on Nov 1, 2012:  Customer service at Snapfon is outstanding!  My Snapfon stopped working Saturday morning, Oct 27th.  I called and left a voice mail message.  I also emailed them.  On Monday, October 29th I received a call from Larry at customer service and he was very helpful.  He determined that the problem was most likely the battery, so he mailed me a free replacement Snapfon battery via first class mail from Tennessee to California.  Snapfon is great at honoring the year-long warranty.  He said that if that didn't work, to contact him again.  I received it Wednesday, October 31st.  Replaced the battery, gave it a good four hour charge to make sure it was fully charged and my Snapfon works just fine now.  Thank you, Larry at Snapfon!  Sincerely, Jean************************************I bought one for my 64 year old husband because he wanted a simple mobile phone without all the fancy bells and whistles.  The big keys are a plus, as he has trouble with tiny keys.  I have to be the one in the household to handle the Comcast TV remote because he makes mistakes using it, so a phone with big keys is a must for him.  Removing the back cover before we could insert the SIM card and battery was a challenge, but once we were able to complete that, we were pleased with the phone.  The clarity of the sound is excellent.  Very simple and easy to use.  Snapfon's website has a support page where users, for example, can find out how to edit contacts they've entered into the phone book, etc.  The Snapfon also has a fun choice of ringtones that include the theme to Hawaii 5-0, The Andy Griffith Show, Dragnet and James Bond.  I also like the tone setting you can set it for when an incoming text message comes in:  female voice states:  "SMS text message received", in a futuristic space-age style, sort of a female version of SID from that UFO tv series.  I currently have an LG phone, but I like this Snapfon so much that I've ordered one for myself and will cancel the service to my LG phone.  I can save money because the monthly rate with PureTalkUSA is less than what I'm paying now.  Thank you, Snapfon!

This is a good phone.  This is our second phone in the past two years.  It is easy for my mother to use.  However, we do need to understand why the power is not working on the second purchase.  The large keys are a plus also.

The product is well priced and seems to be well built. I just wanted a simple phone with big keys, loud and big read out. This phone fits the bill. I plugged in my ATT Sim card and it worked first shot no hassles. The instruction sheet is about 1 page of simple directions instead of a book. I really like not having to sign another contract with ATT. The radio isn't very good and could probably left off to further simplify the phone. The only negative I have is the SOS button - WAY - to easy to hit. This button was supposed to be factory disabled - it wasn't, so I got a visit from a sherriff's deputy when it was accidently pressed.  The SOS button is now disabled - I don't think it is too much of an effort to press 911. They offer a very good unlimited talk/text plan at a really good price to which I am considering changing. Amazon shipped this phone quickly and I'm pleased with the purchase and will probably buy my wife one also.

My 90+ inlays are able to use these phones in spite of macular degeneration, arthritis and other ailments. Whoever thought of these is a life saver. Yay!

My mom is 89 and the dog ate her last phone so we ordered her this phone.  She has dementia so we wanted a simple system.  I typed her 5 children's names on my label maker along with their speed dial numbers and taped them on the back of the phone.  Se is able to dial them by herself.  I love the emergency button on the reverse side of the phone.  She lives with my brother and we put his number as the emergency number so they can use it like an intercom.

I bought this phone to replace a go-phone my 82 year-old mother had been using for years. Since she is a very active senior citizen, but is hard of hearing, I was looking for something with large numbers,loud volume,and that I could place an existing SIM card in.  This phone has all of those features. However,from the SET UP process, thru actual use, I found this phone to be very complicated. It is not easy for her to use since she has to go through several steps just to make a call. For example,in order to find her phonebook listings she has to scroll up to PHONEBOOK, press OK when BROWSE appears on the screen, scroll through her listings, then she must press OK again when DIAL appears on the screen.  Also, in order to call her speed dial numbers, she has to hold down the number she wants to speed dial for a longer period of time before it starts to dial that number, otherwise the speaker will just say the number. Then she must press NO and try to speed dial again. While I am pleased with the volume, large buttons and overall size of the phone, I think it is way too complicated for most people, especially older people, not to mention those who are truly elderly.

This phone is great for the price...It is great for an elderly person who has poor eyesight and lives alone...The SOS button does exactly as it says. sends text messages to four saved numbers and dials the first one...

My father is legally blind and it's very hard for him to use a regular cell phone.  This one is perfect with the big buttons for the numbers, but also to answer and end calls.  I wish it was a flip phone, cause that would make it even easier to answer and end calls.  The down side is the display screen.  I know you lose some screen for the bigger buttons, but the contrast is bad.  Better the black letters against a white background.  The orange/gold background makes it too hard to see.  But the big buttons are most important, so it works!  Also, he has T-mobile service and it was easy to just install the sim card from his old phone and this phone worked instantly.  It made the best gift!Why aren't all mobile phone companies offering phones like this for seniors or those with disabilities?

Purchased for my elderly mother. Seemed like a good idea from the reviews. Unfortunately she is having trouble adjusting to it.Pros:inexpensiveno contract (if you sign up with the service via ezOneLarge touch keypad numbersClear loud voice that says the numbers as she is dialingthe ring and call audio is VERY loudEasy to set up on AT&T; and if you already  have a family plan with generous minutes the cost is around 9.99. No internet or texting. Texting is an extra $5locking keypad prevents accidental callsFlashlight comes in handyCons:unable to import phone numbers. We had to manually enter themYou cannot enter multiple numbers to one contact so you have to list a contact for each phone number.Buttons stickshortcut dialing difficult to set up. We still have not been able to do it.the buttons stick which might have somethinng to do with the setup issuesVoice mail not easy to set upradio feature not all that good so she doesn't use itShe doesnt like the phonebook. You can only view one number at a time instead of a list of  numbers.The screen with the numbers is small and somewhat difficult to read if you have poor eyesightThe concept is good, which is why I will give it  3 stars. I will update my review in a few weeks to see if she has adjusted to the phone and perhaps will be able to provide a more positive review.UPDATE: had to return this item. The biggest complaint she gave was the phonebook only shows one entry, each entry only had one phone number (where other phones have cell, home etc in one entry). To get to the phonebook is cumbersome for someone with poor eyesight and nimble fingers. The middle menu button which is used to navigate between menu items is impossible to use. No arrows are provided and you have to be careful where you push on it.This phone would be perfect for someone who has no use for the phone book and can manually dial. It is LOUD which is good for those hard of hearing.

This phone has been a good fit for my dad who couldn't use a smart phone.  It works well with his low vision but I recommend you purchase the charging cradle at the same time because it is difficult for low vision folks to see the tiny hole to plug the charging cord into.  My only complaint is that there is static on the line occasionally and is likely due to the G2 connection.  Otherwise it was easy to setup and the AT&T store helped with that.

I bought my father this phone to replace the Jitterbug which was too costly.This phone is awesome. Big keys. Loud ring tones. Feels good in the hand. Battery lasts forever.If you're wanting a safety phone for your oldster or a good phone for a youngster, this is the phone for you.

The Snapfon was every bit as good as its sales description. Even on arrival I found its battery almost fully charged! I got an AT&T; SIM installed in it.One gripe: Somehow I found that some business(es) got my phone number and were posting SMS messages on my phone. I consider this intrusive SPAM. How did they get that number?  I turned off the reception of SMS messages, but learned that their further calls to send them were still being charged to my airtime budget.  How do I prevent that entirely?It is still too early to report on the voice loudness or quality when I use it to speak with other people. How well do they hear me?A minor disappointment: I could not find any way to lower the volume of the chime when I turn the phone on or off.

This phone was bought for an elderly friend who had gotten out of the hospital after receiving radiation and chemotherapy.  He was having difficulty using his old phone which was a flip top phone.  I bought him another phone which was a phone with a touch screen....it was too difficult for him to operate.This phone perfectly suits his needs.  It is easy for him to understand how to use, and is easy for him to use.  My only nit pick is is that the phone is almost like a toy made of cheap plastic.  This should be made of metal....so that it is more sturdy.

I bought this phone for my 87 year old mother who has been using a cell phone for the last few years.  It can get much louder and is much easier than her previous phone.  The numbers are large,perfect for her.  When she forgets to "lock" the keys there is a problem with putting it into the stand we bought to go with it, it presses the #key on it's own. I think its a matter of just getting use to using the "lock"key feature.  All and all she is very happy with this phone.

I bought this phone for my 84 year old mother.  Simple, basic features and a good loud speaker.  Just what the doctor ordered.

I bought this phone for my 80 year old father.  He has trouble using his fingers but this phone is easy for him to use.  No extras, just the phone.  We did have to replace the charger after only 6 weeks, but otherwise the phone is great.

I bought this phone for my mother in law who was having trouble with her cell phone. This phone is much easier for her to use and she loves it. She is in her 70's and says this is the one phone she truly enjoys. Her friend saw it and also is planning on getting one for herself also. Highly Recommended for senior citizens.

I like the phone but, it's hard to remember how to do things on it. Sometimes I can't hear on it.

This is absolutely the simplest phone to use and is very senior friendly.  It even has a "life alert" button that will auto. request help when pressed.No contracts. You won't go wrong on this phone.

I bought it for my 70 year old father. Although he liked the big numbers, he didn't like it overall and here are the reasons -1. Speaker quality is very bad. Cheapest Nokia phones have better speaker. Switching on/off speaker is not convenient.There should be a separate switch/key for speaker.2. Dialing a number from phone book is cumbersome. You have to press buttons so many times. See Nokia, where its so convenient.3. Screen size is small.for manufacturer - it would be better to concentrate on phone and you can remove flashlight, AM/FM radio. I don't know how many people use light or radio on phone.

The Phone is simple to Use, Has Good Volume but the problem is spending the money & no one can fix my broken Screen unless you buy insurance, Nobody will Help you find a Repair Shop

This phone does exactly what it is suppose to do nothing extra which is great for why I ordered it. The Flashlight and radio are great that are both actually built into the phone. I recommend this phone for elderly and people who have trouble seeing are people who just want a simple phone.

Bought for my 93-year-old grandmother.  She finds the 4 switches arrayed around the sides a bit confusing (already she has switched on the flashlight a couple of times by accident and run the battery down) and the FM radio might have better been left off (can't pick up much without a headset anyway) but overall it is serving her pretty well.She has very low vision and can't plug in a micro-usb plug so the Nokia-style round post charging plug is very welcome.  I also bought the charging dock and that facilitates easy charging for her quite a bit.It is pretty small and feels a bit flimsy but it's a 60-dollar cell phone.  Works great with AT&T; service and overall I would recommend it for older folks who need to stay in touch.  The SOS button works as advertised and that could come in really handy as well.

I phoned the company for help in getting the back cover off the battery compartment, but the instructions were no help. Nor was the online video they have to show how to remove the back. It absolutely would not budge despite my using all my strength and trying for at least a half hour.When I talked to customer service at Snapfon, the rep told me they don't check the backs of the ones sold through Amazon to make sure they'll open, but if the phone is bought directly from them, they do check the back before sending it out. That made no sense to me. Wish I had paid more attention to other review that mentioned the problem getting the phone open. It would have saved me the trouble having to return it.Also, like others, the Pure Talk sim card was not included in the package (not that it mattered since I couldn't use the phone anyway).My impression of the phone otherwise is that it looks and feels like a toy.

The Snapfone has a cheesy build quality. The numbers are big and somewhat bright. The brightness is uneven across the keys and tapers to the edges, not too good in lower light. The feel and sweet-spot for the keys is odd and not a dead-on feel and confusing when dialing.The menu system is too complicated for an elderly user which renders the contacts in the phonebook useless. The overall functionality of the phone is cumbersome and not user friendly. Seems to be a good idea that falls way short of it's design intention. Can't recommend this phone at all.

Simple to use - For any one that wants to call someone or receive calls (can send/receive text also).Easy to see and easy to hear. Big buttons makes it easy to dial with one hand.Signal is great in my location where other phones will not get a signal.Cheap for any one who likes to talk (on a phone) only when they have to.$10.00 (includes tax and all fees) a month for 101 minutes and minutes not used rolls over to next month.Not enough minutes then buy another $10.00 which will give you 150 minutes more (Total = 251 minutes)Nice FM radio built in for when you have time to kill.All I can say is "It Works For Me"

This unit is perfect for the eldery. My MIL just loves the simplicy, the big buttons, loud volume.... Just right.  And the SOS button is great for alerting us with an emergency text and phone call. I'm getting another unit for my mom.

Got this for my 78 year old Mom. She likes it, though she had a little bit of trouble figuring it out at first. Item was as described and shipping was fast!

I am not a senior citizen.  I purchased this phone because I want a cel phone that is mainly just a phone.  If I want to access the Internet, then I use a computer or laptop with a regular keyboard.Additionally, for me, a cel phone is for the car.  No, I don't regularly yak on a phone when I should be paying attention to the road -- I just like having the phone in the car in case I'm running late for something and I have to call ahead, or if I need to call for help.  I occasionally take the phone with me if I'm expecting an important call -- or if the car is being serviced and I'm waiting for a call from the mechanic -- but I have no need to walk around, oblivious to the world around me, constantly talking on a cel phone.Since they no longer make permanent-mount car phones anymore, this phone is the next best thing.  The same things that make it good for senior citizens also make it good for the car -- big buttons, easy to read display, and no complex menus.  I bought the car charger with the phone, and I also made a docking station for it that allows me to have it mounted in the car -- it would be nice if a car docking station with speaker phone was an accessory you could order, especially since the phone doesn't have Bluetooth.So, why 4 stars instead of 5?  Because there are a few minor design flaws, mainly with setting the volume of the ringer and keypad tones.  The instruction manual decribes the procedures to change the volume of the ringer and keypad tones from a set-up menu, and when you follow those steps, the display indicates that your changes are saved... but they are not!Customer service was extremely helpful and friendly in helping me figure this out.  It turns out that, those menu selections to change the ringer and keypad volume settings just do not work on this version of the phone.  To change the ringer volume, you just use the volume buttons on the side of the phone when you're not on a phone call, and then hit the green OK button when you're done.  As for the keypad tones -- as of now, there is no way to actually change the volume of the keypad tones, but that isn't really a big deal.Another oddity is that, when I first charged it and set the clock, the time and date erased and needed to be reset after I simply turned the phone off and then back on.  After that, the time and date continued to work no matter how many times I turned the phone off and on.  Customer service confirmed that this, too, is a minor design flaw for this version of the phone, and not just a defect on my phone.Finally, if you receive a text message, sometimes the characters of the message are broken up in an odd way when you scroll through the message.  Once again, customer service confirmed that this is normal.  I hardly ever send a text, but my prepaid phone account sends me a text with my remaining balance after each call, so it is nice to have text messaging capability on the phone.As for the phone itself, it works fine.  I was able to put in my AT&T; SIM card for my prepaid account, and once I had AT&T; unlock the SIM card, it worked right away.  Calls are clear, and the battery life is great!  The other features, such as the FM radio and flashlight, are easy to use and nice to have.  So far, the phone works just as advertised -- reliable and easy to use.  As I said above, it would be nice if the company made a car-mount docking station with hands-free speaker phone for it.

Hello everyone, this phone is very good for young kids and Senior citizens. Me and my wife bought this phone for my father in law and he enjoys it very much. Due to the big sized number key pad, he can type any number he wants and at the same time gets a voice feedback of the number dialed. The ring tones are very loud though selection is small. the most importan feature is the SOS button. He suffers from diabetes and the other day he was by himself and sufferd a low blood sugar level crisis and he pressed the button. instantly all of the five contacts on the SOS button were notified and went to his aid. Gladly he is in good health now, but the phone sure helped the cause. I recommend 100%. Don't expect many bells and whistles on this phone its pretty strait forward. Green call, Red hang up, and sms. But overall a good phone for the tech impaired.

I purchased this snap phone because it was supposedly &#34;unlocked&#34; and could be used with the ATT network.  First off, the 800 number with phone rang in to an answering machine.  No one ever returned my call, so I wasn't able to get the phone unlocked or activated.  After days of hassling with this nonsense, I sent the phone back.  DO NOT  buy this phone, there is no customer service with it and you wont be able to activate it on another net work.  I am truly disappointed.  It looked like just what I was looking for.

I recently purchased the snapfon One and called it iseless.  I gave it one star -which was one star more than it seserved.All my problems with the first version have been fixed - wonderfully.  It is now legibile font is larger, contrast is much, much greater.I can ese it.I am impressed!!!

I love the big buttons and the large display.  Also, sound quality is very good.  Otherwise the phone is difficut to operate. It is not something that I would buy for an elderly person.

I bought this phone for my 83 year old father.  For the most part it is very user friendly. It is much better for an elderly person than a standard phone.There are some problems- The phone book is a little difficult to use. There are too many steps between finding a number and placing the call.- The text is too large for the screen, so the top of each name is cut off.

I bought this phone for my 92 year old father who suffers from very poor eyesight complicated by hearing problems, as well.  We have programmed the phone with single-digit speed dial numbers, so he is now able to immediately call me or other frequently used numbers.  Additionally, the ring tone is loud enough to wake the dead, the speaker is deafening, and the recharging cradle is effortless.  In short, we have found the phone to be EXACTLY RIGHT for someone in my father's age bracket.

I bought this phone for my senior mom with Rheumatoid Arthritis.  Phone is great.  However, SNAPfon connected and disconnected the phone twice, once due to a porting problem for our longstanding landline number, and then because the credit card expired, leaving us without service for multiple days each time.  When the credit card expired, they sent an e-mail 4 hours before cutting off the phone, even though the service was overpaid (because they charged my mom's credit card twice).  Then two weeks later, the battery died.  No charge, no go, no phone.  I ran around trying to find a battery, forget that.  I called SNAPfon, and they sent a new battery, but would not overnight it (for which they want over $50.00). No, SNAPfon is not compatible with ANY other battery, so forget Radio Shack or Battery Warehouse.Frankly, seniors don't need this, and surely cannot afford to be left without 911 service. There is absolutely no excuse.  This is a classic example of a smart idea with extremely poor management.  When I asked them why they didn't call to update the credit card, they felt I should have known to change the expiration, which expires every 5 years.  In this day and age, one expects a little bit more communication, particularly given that Seniors don't have the capability to keep track of these types of details and a simple report off of a basic data system could alert SNAPfon to those users whose credit expiration is about to expire so this issue can be dealt with without loss of critical phone service.  I digress.In my state, there is a law which makes it illegal to disconnect the phone of a senior if it will cut off 911 service.  SNAPfon clearly is unaware of this legislation, and clearly did not care one way or the other, utterly refusing to change their policy.You'd be better off with a TracPhone

I have been looking to buy a cell phone replacement for my parents.  Their cell phones are nearly 8 years old and heavy.  All the new cell phones are made for 18 year olds with eyes of eagles.  My parents are 79 and 81.  They only want a cell phone with 1) hard keys (not something that you have to find the right screen), 2) no Internet (charges), 3) a large display that can be seen outside during the day (they play a lot of golf:-).I bought these phone (one in red for Mom and one in black for Dad).  They are light weight, have large keys and a display and were easy to convert to.  All I needed to do is copy their phone books onto the cell phone card and move it to the new cell phone.  It worked flawlessly.Best of all, there is a PRINTED manual, so as they have questions are want to read how to use the phone, the manual is available.I would score these a 10 out of 10.

I bought this phone for my 90 year old father.  The large number buttons make it much easier to use for him than his previous mobile phone.  It can be set to allow a loud ring tone which is another advantage for those with some mild to moderate hearing loss.  I would give it a five star rating if it came with a case and car charger.

My mum loves this phones.  She likes the large screen and big numbers.  I installed the T-Mobile SMS card and it worked.  No problems.P.S. The SOS button can not be used unless you have snapfon service.

This phone is just what I was looking to get for my Dad.  He's 75 and uses the cell only as a backup to their not-so-reliable Comcast landline.  I took it to my AT&T store and they were able to add it to my plan for only $9.99 a month.  Now I don't have to worry that his old Go-phone needs topping off.

pleased with phone. light, easy to use numbers and enter phone numbers; ring tone loud enough.  great safety feature with SOS button.

I bought the phone for my mom because (according to her) the ones they sell at the AT&T places are made for people with good eyesight and hearing. She has been divorced for the past 10 years and said that she would never find something to love again. Well, I think she found it with this phone. She is absolutely crazy over it. Now she calls people just so she could use the phone. Nice package - thanks again.

Power NO ? What more needs to be said or written.BTW, I just got a Just5 (essentially same as SnapFon C) from WalMart - it simply does not work. Other party can't hear a word - even after 'mute' 'unmute' and volume to max.

Hi, my father is blind and I was wondering if this cellphone is able to read the name of uncoming caller.This is a very important characteristic.

Bought the phone for my father-in-law who has hearing and vision issues.  Works great. I just dropped his AT&T sim card in and powered it up.  He's able to use it better than his old phone.  The volume is loud enough for him to hear, about half again as loud as a normal phone.  The buttons are large and tactile enough for him to dial with, and the display is large and uncluttered.  SeniorTech got it to me quick.

I purchased for my 84 year old mother.  She wears hearing aids and we have not been able to find a phone that she can hear and understand the other party on until now.  I can now speak with her and she will actually understand what I am saying!  Also, she is VERY technically challenged.  I did have to explain to her several times about locking the keys and how to make calls, but she finally got it.  Did I mention that she is VERY technically challenged.  This is the only cellular phone which I have found that she can use and hear with plus it is packed with extra features like when her battery is running low, it will automatically text me.  Great buy and worked fine with our existing AT&T plan.

The lock-key pad slider switch at the right side is so hard to operate in general specially for an elderly person. I had to return it due to this. Hope the company will see this comment to re-design their product.

It seems to be a great product. I bought two for my elder parents. I have not idea how they will like them, but I tried them with my sim card and I am happy with the purcharse. I feel that it will be very easy for them to use.

I put the T-Mobile SIM card in and it worked fine for about three days.  After that the screen would light up but it was blank. I took the SIM card out and tried it on another phone and it worked fine, so that wasn't the problem. Yes, I made sure it was fully charged. I'm sending it back.

PIECE A JUNK.  BOUGHT THIS FOR MY HARD OF HEARING FATHER.  TOOK IT TO ATT AND BOUGHT A SIM CARD AND HAD THE GUY AT THE COUNTER CALL ME ON IT.  NOT LOUD AT ALL.  RINGS LOUD BUT PHONE IS NOT LOUD AT ALL.  LIGHTWEIGHT FLIMSY PRODUCT THAT DOES NOT WORK AS ADVERTISED.  ENDED UP BUYING A PHONE WITH BLUETOOTH AND BOUGHT A WIRELESS SPEAKER KIT FOR IT THAT AMPLIFIES THE PHONE AND ACTS AS A MICROPHONE AS WELL - LIKE YOU WOULD PUT IN A CAR FOR HANDS FREE OPERATION.  WORKS GOOD.  NOW I USE THIS PHONE AS A $100 DOOR STOP.

Its a great phone for a non techie senior citizen.  Bought one for my  80 year old mother who has become visually impaired, and she loves it.  I just bought a second one for my 92 year old aunt.  The programable button is especially valuable in the event of an emergency.  Great phone.

The SnapFon ezONE-C Senior cell phone is about as simple as the standard model cell phones that you used to buy ten years ago.  It is NOT as simple as a landline phone and that made the phone perplexing to the 91 year old woman that I got this for.  It is smaller and lighter than I thought it would be, but that could be a plus or minus.  The buttons are about the same as a cheap calculator; they are large but you need to press in the center.  It has a radio function and a flashlight, which may delight a less elderly person, but I taped over the side switches that operate those with gaffers tape so that they wouldn't confuse.  The display is large and clear.The phone works with an AT&T; SIM card.  I bought a SIM card on Amazon, but, as it turns out, you must actually buy one from AT&T; anyway or they won't process you to get on their network.  The purchased SIM card did allow me to get the phone going earlier however, although it did take repeated phone calls to AT&T; and most of an afternoon to get the phone set up.  The phone comes with a SIM card from "PureTalk", a reseller of cell phone time, and I presume that setting up with them would be easier.The advantage of a cell phone is that any landline number can be transferred to it.  My phone user was being moved into an assisted living facility, just far enough away that she couldn't get a landline with the same number without keeping the old landline and buying a forwarding service -- sheesh.  The port to the cell phone went well, but, again, it did take some time on the line with AT&T; folks.  I just added her to our family plan and she is saving a lot of money, although you do need to absorb the cost of the phone, the SIM card, and a $40 fee for the new service.  She no longer needs the landline at her old home.My elderly user is perplexed that she needs to press down for a period of time to autodial, but she only presses for a short time to hang up.  As a result, she keeps turning the phone off, since the "hang up" button is also the power on and off button.  For seniors that are used to using cell phones previously, this may not be a problem.  For a life-long landline user, this is a problem.

I purchased the Snapfon because it promised little else beyond the phone.  Most important to me.  If I want music, I'll get a record player or an MP3.  If I want to take pictures, I have a camera.  So, in part I won.I also was pleased that I could use it with my pre-paid T-mobile card.  Most important for me because I seldom use a Cell phone and T-mobile makes it possible for me to not spend a fortune on a worthless gadget.  The Snapfon allows me to enjoy it.Only drawback I've found is the buttons get too easily pressed when I'm not using the phone.I recommend it, especially for those who prefer a phone to a collection of electronics.

I bought this Phone Specificly for my Aged Father who just went into a Nursing Home.  The Phones Size is Smaller than Expected, but the Buttons are Large.  The Major Design with this Phone is it's Designed to be a Seniors Phone, but Far Too Many Gadgets were included. The Sliding Buttons on the Side are just plain Stupid! FM radio, LED Flashlight, Phone Button Lock, and Volume all on the Sides where a Seniors Larger Unsteady Hands Slide them by accident Far to Often!  I had to Super Glue all but the Volume Buttons to keep My Father from switching something he didn't know he had switched.  The Menu Driven Center Rocker between the Call and End Buttons Should have been Better thought out also. A Senior Doesn't understand as easly as we more technologicaly adept persons about pressing menu, then OK the same thing you press to call someone, "Why I'm not calling anybody yet" then Menu, ect... And I know the Manufacture means well, but We Need Some way to get Rid of 911 on the Phone Directory Menu. It's the FIRST number that Shows up, and not everybody needs or wants to call 911 all the time.  That's what the Emergency Button on the back is for if you want to program it for that.  My Dad's situation Never needs 911, and he is in a Nursing home. I hope this Review helps people understand what this Phone Does more indepth than just the Hype on the sights.  I would Love it if there were Actually a Senior Phone out there that were actually Just a Phone, sized for Seniors, Without all the Cute Added Features they don't need.  They Just Need a Phone to call Family, Friends and keep in touch.Also I bought the Stand to hold the Phone upright and charge it when not in use, thinking it would be easier for Dad just to put the Phone into the little slot and pick it up when it Rang. Wrong! The Little Delicate charger plug pin in the base / phone makes the phone not easly set in the base. Further the base has absolutly No Weight, so when you try to pick up the phone the base comes with it, I even Taped the Base to the Table and that didn't work. When you set the Phone in the Base it can rock pressing buttons in the process. Very Poor Design Again.  Anyway hope this Information helps others, and the Designers Read this and Fix the Problems with this "Senior Phone"

Phone is good for seniors. that is all i can say. this is very simple and easy to use.. would recommend to seniors.

I got this phone for my Dad after he was really struggling to get the hang of other cell phones and he is able to work this one with no problems.

I bought this for my father last month (82 years old). He has been finding it real easy to use and loves the speaking keypad function. Very good value, especially when using the unlimited monthly talk plan.

I do not want a phone with all the bells and whistles. I just want a basic mobile phone and a reasonable monthly rate for 100 minutes or so. This fits the bill perfectly. I also bought the desk-top battery charger. The phone looks great sitting on my desk and it is always charged up and ready to go. I have it on a wall switch so it is only charging when I turn on the power strip to the desk in my home office, but it is more than enough charging time for it. When fully charged, a green light goes on and it trickle charges. Works great! I am not using the FM radio or the emergency button, just the phone features.

I purchased the phone for my 74 y/o father who recently entered an assisted living center. A landline through the local telecom was nearly $60/mo. On his tight budget, it just wasnt an option. I purchased the phone, shipped it to him, and explained the following to him:1) Charge it when you arent using it as it has a battery.2) Push the number buttons and then the Green button to make a call.3) Push the green button when it rings4) Push the red button to hang up.It's still a challenge for him. Not sure why, but it's not because of the phone.The pricing has been great from Snapfon. Their customer service is A+...now if I can just get dad to understand it.

Mom can actually use this phone and us able to hear people.  She can use it so much easier than any other phone i have previously found,

I bought this phone for my 73 year old mom in the nursing home. It was easy to set up and easy to teach her to use - no small feat. She is thrilled with how easy it is for her to use with her rheumatoid arthritis crippled hands and being able to hear a conversation on it.  Great useable features for her needs too.  I would highly recommend.

I have been really pleased with this phone. I keep it by my bed for calls from my wife who has her own business as a pet sitter and is often out on calls while I am still sleeping. Plus I have frequent migraines that send me to bed. This phone allows me to answer without putting on my reading glasses or make calls, without putting on my glasses. The large numbers on the keys are easy to read without my glasses, plus I have a few important numbers programmed into the speed dial feature, so one number is usually all I have to dial. The advertising says the battery life is 120 hours on standby, but I have been getting much more.I read comments made by one reviewer indicating that the 91 year old woman that he got the phone for was perplexed by various aspects of the phone which he admits have to due with her lack of familiarity with cell phones, etc. Yet he rates the Snapfon a 3. He seems to forget, the Snapfon is advertised as a Senior phone, not a phone for people who are, as he says "elderly", the kind of person who is very unfamiliar with any modern technology and often is both easily confused by it and unwilling to learn how to use it. Nevertheless, I saw several reviews by folks who bought this phone for their 80 year old parents who loved it and rated the phone a 5. I am going on 70 but don't really think of myself as a senior yet and I would rate this phone as a 5 plus if I could.The SOS button is an excellent feature that I have not seen on any other phone. You press it and an emergency message goes out to the three numbers you have programmed into the phone.The only thing I feel could really be improved is the owners manual, but face it, that is something that could be said about most products today. I have contacted Snapfon's Customer Support with questions about programming my phone several times and they have responded with very clear and helpful answers so I am well pleased with customer support as well.Most recently I contacted customer support for clarification about programming the message that goes out when you press the SOS button. I wasn't sure if it was only a text message or if you could program a voice message but customer service said it is text only. However, it is possible to modify the text message and they gave me instructions on how to do that.I really like the simplicity this phone has for using certain features such as key lock, the flashlight and volume. Instead of having to go into the menu, these are all easily controlled by simple slide switches on the side of the phone which make using these features much more practical.{ASIN: B005CWSF3U, Snapfon ezONE-C Senior Cell Phone}

Very good product, practical and saved my cell phone. I used it everyday going to work and attach it my belt, it never falls

This phone has potential but I cant use it outside the US. I like the big display. Its perfect for the elderly who are not so phone savvy.

Purchased the Snapfon because it offers a combination of phone and medical alert.  My Dad is out and about so we needed something usable anywhere rather than standard function that only works within the range of the base module.  .  The keys are large and the phone works well with his hearing aids.  We have tested the alarm and the phone sends text messages to family members when the alarm button is pressed.  The only problem so far is that the volume button (on the side of the phone) can be turned down inadvertently when placing the phone in a holder.

Excelente el tel&eacute;fono celular para personas adultas mayor, pr&agrave;ctico, teclas manejables, sonido fuerte. Se les hace un poco dificl enviar MSM por lo chica de la pantalla donde no caben frases largas y son solo 2 lineas visibles, por el resto, super.

I like the that you can see the lights on the phone and the ring sound is loud and all the features are great and I would recomend it to my friends that have hearing and eye troubles..  For me it is a great phone--- Thanks

For some reason, key number 7 is not working properly. When I press that key, it stays pressed. In order to use the phone, I have to be very careful to press that key.Since my mother is going to use it, she is 76 years old, so it is kind of difficult for her.I hate to give you a bad review, but that's the fact. Other than that, everything is as advertised.

Hated having to be in the position of NEEDING a phone with big buttons, but I was, so research everything I could for "big button phones"- and since T-Mobilehad nothing to compare,I got this one.  It's totally just what I needed!  And the sound is terrific, I like the way it lights up...love the flashlight feature,the sound choices (I use theme from the Andy Griffith show)....It's just perfect! And using it with my T-Mobile server was no problem either.In fact, T-mobile could learn something from the Snafone  folks....not everyone who needs a cell phone has great eyesight!

Well, we have given this phone an honest try, but my mother just couldn't use it. First she broke off the little prong on the charger on her second use. We got a new charger and the company very kindly credited us for most of the cost. Then, despite many sessions with her children assisting her in it's use, she just can't seem to work it. She often turns it off by accident because she holds the buttons down for too long.The menu is also pretty confusing for anyone, and virtually impossible for someone accustomed to a traditional, old-time phone. It looks simple, but the same buttons have multiple uses, depending on where you are in the menu. Just too hard for an octagenarian.She has been receiving junk text messages as well. Isn't it possible to have a truly simple phone that can't even receive texts. It's just not simple enough. We wasted some money here.

Easy to read with big fat honkin buttons & it takes a T-Mobile micro SIM card (the extra small kind). I'm sure AT&T cards will work as well.  Wish I could have put a special ring-tone on it for Dad, but this option isn't available on the phone.  It's thinner and wider than the last model by the same manufacturer which made it easier for him to hold on to.  It also takes pictures which just delighted ole Dad.

We live on the west coast and my mother-in-law lives in Florida.  After using Verizon phones on the family plan and the selection being pretty sad and the  phones do not last long for a simple non data phone we decided to try the SnapfonTwo.  Programmed it in California and sent it back to Florida, she turned it on and no problems whatsoever.  The monthly no contract plan very affordable from $15.  The SOS button was programmed to our phones here and the one time it was used by her, did what it was suppose to, we had the fire/rescue at her door in minutes.  Even if not a senior and you want an unlocked affordable phone, would pick this one up.

Bought this for a Christmas present for my Mom. She loves it, it's easy to use. I don't have to be explaining how to do things every time I see her.  Transition was easy and I thought the SOS button was a great idea combined with the case/lanyard, she can always have the phone with her.  This phone gives me peace of mind.  The only thing I didn't go crazy for was the charger, it has a very small connection that's not super &#34;old people friendly&#34;.

Bought this phone for my dad and he loves it. The big, lit keypad works great with his vision impairment. He programmed me and my sister's numbers as his emergency call numbers for the SOS buttons so he feels safe in anything happens since he still lives on his own.He especially gets a kick out of the preprogrammed ring tones (won't spoil the surprise).Only issue is that pressing and holding the SOS button can be a bit tricky at times.

I got the phone for my 80 year old mother.  She is very set in her ways and opinions.  She has not used other cell phones in the past, but a lawyer insisted that we get her a cell phone NOW and she actually agreed to do it!  I got it on Amazon.  I ordered a red cover to make it easier to find in her black purse.  The numbers are easy to read.  The sounds let you know if and which number has been pushed.  It is fairly simple, but I did not find it as intuitive as I would have hoped.  I had to call 2x for explanations, but the phone was answered by a person and the issues explained to my satisfaction.  Mom is still not using the phone as much as I would like, but she has tried to use it and has kept it charged.  There is a lot of new stuff for her to learn right now, just having moved to a retirement community, but I am hoping that as she gets more comfortable in the new surroundings, she will begin to use the phone more.  I like that it does not have a camera, and that I can turn off voice messaging.  I have programmed in speed dial numbers, but she is a bit confused about dialing them--I find it very simple.  AT&T added this phone to our family plan for $15.00 a month, no contract, which I think is very reasonable.  Now if she would just use it more!

In 2011, I helped my in-laws cut the cord from their landline and moved to just a cell.  Initially we purchase the Just5 brand which is almost identical.  They have been happy with it.  However the wall charger cord got cut.  Since I couldn't purchase just a wall charger for that phone, we purchased the Snapfon.  We like the availability of more accessories than the Just5.  Now both my in-laws have their own phones.  My mother-in-law is legally blind but has no trouble answering calls and making calls.  They had no issues activating a line with AT&T and getting a SIM card.  Put the SIM card in the phone and she was talking on it in minutes.

I just wanted a simple cellphone That I could read the screen when a call came in.  This phone has it and more.  I love the tone feature that repeats the number I have hit when dialing.  I can read the screen without my reading glasses.  Call quality is great. And the adjustable volume for the phone should take care of those with hearing difficulties.  I highly recommend this phone.

Had tried another cell but flip was too much for him after his stroke.  Thought this would be answer to my prayers for dad to have a phone at nursing home but he couldn't navigate menu to make calls :( .  Had to go thru expense of installing land line an pay monthly bill

I bought this for my father and tried it out so I could instruct him on it.  I don't think he will get it.

My husband, who is computer illiterate, was given this phone as a gift.  I had to get one in order to figure it out so that I could fix it when he messed his up.  It has large, easy-to-read numbers and works great if you are just dialing a number that you know, but trying to use the menu to access the phone book or check messages is very unweildy and trying to delete something turns into an adventure.  At least my husband will carry this phone, but very rarely uses it.  Neither do I.

The phone is easy to use, has adequate functionality, and even looks good.  Its built well and is just the right size.  The ringer is very loud, which is a plus.  Very good product.

My husband does not use his phone for anything but calls.  He can use this phone easily and the screen is large and the keypad is large and ideal for him.  Good purchase.

My wife had hers stolen, I sent her this one, she will leave it withher elderly folks, when she returns home. She says it works betterthan some of the smart phones she has had and the design forolder people is really good.

I bought this cell for my mother who is 77 years old, and she likes it very much . Thanks for this invention

This is by far the worse phone I have ever tried. I bought one for my 58 year old mother who hated it! I hate it! For anyone looking for an &#34;easy to use&#34; cell phone for seniors STAY AWAY FROM SNAPFON. I even tried snapfon ezone and it was worse. Im gonna keep looking. Buyer beware... NOT, easy to use.

I am a happy camper with this big-button phone.  I like the loud ring and the ease of calling and receiving.  For me speakerphone is an important feature.  When I retired and moved I planned not to have a phone.  However, I found it necessary to have a phone number for online ordering. etc.  Also, to cancel some old accounts e.g. landline phone, I had to use a phone.  (How dumb is that?)  I can not see/use my husband's tiny-button phone.  There are many "frills" on this phone that I do not need e.g. address book, messaging, light, radio, voice mail...  An Amazon search found this phone and accessories for me. $10 a month is much less than I was paying for a landline phone - and many more minutes than I will ever use.

I purchased a Snafon ezONE-c for a relative who is in her mid 80s . This phone is works pretty well for the most part (had to cover side switches with tape) . I would like to see some well thought out senior friendly improvements in the next model.The prepaid GSM MVNO that she is using has no option to disable text messaging or voicemail. We just want basic voice service.  I hope to switch to another service provider that offers those options.Pros-Large buttonsPanic buttonAvailability of simple drop-in charging standCons-Display (improve it for visually impaired)The menu system is confusing and needs to made simpler for an elderly personNeeds a separate on-off switch or a longer press time for the "end" butting . She has inadvertently turned off the phone ending a call but holding the "end" button too longDurability ? (it doesn't have the durable "feel" of a major brand cell phone and I wonder if it will stand up to being dropped etc.)

My mom is 89 and is somewhat hard of hearing and a bit forgetful.  This exONE-C Senior Cell Phone is helping her to stay connected with her friends and family and is providing a level of security because it has some rather unique features as follows: 1. The ringer is adjustable but if set at high volume it is EXTREMELY LOUD and rings like a traditional bell type ringer. (Even if you want a phone which will ensure that no calls will be missed in a noisy environment, this is one to consider. 2. The volume of the call is easily adjustable without needing to go into any menus - there is an up/down rocker button on the side of the unit which can PRESET your incoming volume so your setting from the previous call will be retained for the next call.  The receiver can be set to be much louder than a conventional phone and the clarity is fine.  There is also a speakerphone which can be engaged with one button push.  3. The button size and simplicity of the layout is excellent.  4. The display is brightly lit in a yellow background with dark grey LCD numerals that are close to a 1/2 in. tall.  The display is simply one line but if the content that is to be displayed (such as a long name, etc.) has too many characters to fit in the display window, then the line scrolls repeatedly to show its entire content.  The display is designed to stay lit for a somewhat longer period of inactivity than is usually the case.  So if the person using the phone is a slow dialer or needs to check the number a few times while dialing, the backlight will not turn off that quickly.  When the phone is not in use, the display is still useful as it becomes a digital clock with large numbers and also indicates the day and date.  5. The size of the phone is slim and compact - certainly not a clunker.  It is basically just a little taller than the width of the hand that will be holding it and the width is about 2.5 in or so - a comfortable size to hold.  6. Once up to 9 one touch speed dial numbers are entered (complete with names), it is a simple 2 button press process to dial any of the 9 locations.  The 10th preset is set for 911.  Of course, the phone can be used to manually dial a phone number quite easily.  There is a unique red button (the size of a nickel on the back of the phone which can be programmed to dial several numbers sequentially in the case of an emergency - just press and hold the button for a moment and your selected recipients will receive a pre-recorded message asking for assistance. 7. There is a built-in digital FM radio with an on/off switch on the side of the phone for those times when you might want to listen to the news or music.  The radio uses the built-in speaker to provide a reasonable volume capability.  However,  I was only able to receive one or two stations well enough to enjoy.  Maybe if earphones are connected (there is a stereo headphone jack) the reception might be better - I did not try this. 8. This phone is compatible with either the AT&T or T-Mobile network.  Service can be purchased without any contracts from either provider.  There is also information enclosed if you want to order service from Snapfon's own provider offering.  9. Battery life so far appears to be acceptable, with my mother needing to charge the phone every couple of days or so with between talking an hour or two each day. There is a large 5 segment battery gauge on one edge of the display while the opposed edge has a similar gauge to indicate signal strength.  The only thing about this phone which would be confusing to an elderly person (and for anyone else) is the menu system if you want to review or edit the phonebook or to check the caller ID history to see what calls were missed.  It is possible to accidentally start to call a stored number when you think you are just scrolling through the names.  All in all, this is a rather unique and very useful phone.  Anyone with a need for an easy to use, hear and see cellular phone will probably not be disappointed with this choice - especially for its reasonable price.

It's really a shame that the reception is so bad. I got this for my 66yo mom who is having hard time reading the tiny numbers on most cell phones. She LOVED the large keys and the very clear display. Loved it. But as soon as she pulled her SIM card from a Nokia phone and put it into Smapfone, the change in quality of sound was undeniable. We tried the phone in all the places where my mom's Nokia phone usually worked well - her home (Queens, NY), outside of her home, at her work, at a mall. The best sound that we could get with this Snapfone wouldn't be acceptable to me. She decided to keep the phone because of the large numbers on the keys and display. She just has to shout to everybody she talks to. And I have to call her landline instead because I can't tolerate the bad quality of the connection with the Snapfone. There is a chance it's due to our provider - TMobile. I have no way of checking it with others.

Big button, big screen and big noise, my parent wouldn't miss a call even they are on BART or other public places.

Constant static, cannot hear person on the other line.  Phone quality is very poor.  Wouldn't recommend to any one.  Where do I send it back too to get my money back.

Great phone, reasonable price, fast service, would gladly do business with company again.  My husband needed a cell phone with larger numbers and easy to use, this worked perfectly.

I purchased a snapfon for my mother because I wanted her to have the SOS button.  The phone arrived and immediately seemed problematic. The writing on the screen was distorted and jumbled. Sometimes the phone worked, but often when she tried to make a call, it would say connected but you couldn't hear the other person and they couldn't hear you. The voicemail was garbled. Snapfon's customer service is awful: they told me they would examine the phone to see if there was anything wrong with it, and then decide whether it needed to be replaced. I said that was absurd because it meant my mother would have no service for weeks. I asked them to send a replacement phone in the meanwhile, and I would return the broken one. They refused unless I gave an additional deposit. Remember, this is a company whose website says: &#34;handset replacement included in every plan, no deductible, no shipping cost.&#34; If they won't replace the broken one they just shipped me without a hassle, are they really going to replace one that breaks a few months later?  I am cutting my losses and sending back this flimsy piece of junk. Here are some things to keep in mind. The 30-day satisfaction guarantee is from the moment you order. So if it takes a week to arrive, you lose that time on your trial. I thought I could try it with our ATT Sim card, but the snapfon no longer works with ATT Sim cards, so I had to close my mother's ATT account to start this one. Today I spent many, many hours on the phone getting the original account restored.  Snapfon has been a complete disappointment and a huge hassle.

I was delighted with my purchase--  the big buttons, easy usage, etc. Until it broke! Unfortunately I now need a different phone, and I am very disappointed with the shoddy quality of this phone.

I love the Snapfon. I bought it for my mother for Christmas. She has never used a cell phone, and she sometimes gets lost, so it was a great gift. I love the big numbers & how the phone calls out each number as you are dialing it. I also really liked the choice of ring tones; great selection, much better than my iPhone.The only thing I felt could have been improved on is the way the texts scroll in one line across the screen & the screen is rather small & hard for my mom to read. The best attribute is how lightweight it is; not uncomfortable to hang around one's neck with the case & matching lanyard.

This is the PERFECT phone for my elderly dad except for one HUGE flaw. It's only 2g compatible!!!!  I tried it on my ATT plan and once it worked and three tries it didn't. Called the company that makes them and they told me it won't work on my 3G plan. Called att and they said 2g/3G doesn't matter EXCEPT that 2g won't be supported in near future so had to return this phone.  Haven't been able to find anything CLOSE to this phone in 3G. :(-------------//-------------AFTER it was explained to me by ANOTHER att person that whether it's 2g or 3G does NOT matter she could make it work I ordered ANOTHER one!  It arrived and I took it to ATT and after an HOUR of trying this and that the phone could NOT be made to work on my ATT family plan!!  They gave me a free phone for my troubles which isn't half as useful as the track phone. I am now sending back my second phone!  MY ADVICE?  Go ahead and buy it, try it, and if it works...super , you have the best phone for the elderly and if it doesn't... Just send it back.

Bought this for my 89 year old mom.  The size of the keys were the biggest around for her arthritic hands. The red panic button makes her feel better that many people are getting called for she lives alone.  The large screen makes it easier for her to see and the best thing is the docking station which makes it easier for her to charge, find the phone and view it.  SHe also likes the flash light because she keeps it by her bed so she can walk to bathroom at night..she charges during the day in the kitchen in the docking station..Thank you so much.I compared it to many products out there..this is by far the best..don't forget to get the docking station which was free with order just had to send away for it with the coupon that came with it..

It was a gift to my Mom and she love it! can't miss the numbers when she make a phone call...Radio signal is only the problem..

I purchased one of these and the buttons stopped responding. Amazon promptly refunded me and the second one seems fine. These things happen so this does not affect my review.I also purchased the cheap case ($5) and the cradle. Worthwhile additions.Let me start with the positives.  Large buttons. I got this for my step dad and this was the primary reason for the purchase. There is nothing else like it. Sound. The old skool ringer is VERY loud. The speakerphone is fairly loud. The earpiece is unfortunately just so-so volume wise. The mono screen is easy to see and that really helps battery life. You can also have the phone "speak" each button you press which can be useful. It's a quad band unlocked GSM phone (no GPRS or data) and you are not stuck with pricey service like Jitterbug. I'm using h2o, an AT&T; MVNO that costs $10 every 90 days (14c a minute airtime). There are lots and lots of options for service depending on user needs. These are the primary reasons for getting the phone and they make it worthwhile.There are two features of the phone that have no business being on this phone. 1. Flashlight. 2. Radio. Those two buttons on the side of the phone could confuse people and get left on by accident. I would have had the volume rockers on the left and the lock on the right.  That's it.The SOS button on the back is a good idea but confusing. It took a lot of reading to understand how it works. You program up to four numbers and it sends a SMS and dials each number in order until someone answers. You cannot turn off the SMS.You cannot turn off the annoying start up and shut down tones unless you silence everything (not recommended).The software running the menus is not simple.  It would have been nice to disable most of the functionality and remove it from the main menus. That would have made it much easier for a senior to use.The menus are somewhat confusing. I could write a book about it but 90% of the stuff in the menus should be hidden or eliminated.Still, overall, there are not a lot of senior phones out there, and this still rates at the top.

The perfect phone for the no nonsense utility cell phone. Easy to read screen. Loud ring and best of all a 911 button on the back that when you press and hold will auto ring 911 and designated phone numbers you program in.

Purchased this on Amazon for 85 year old dad with diabetes who could not use other phones with smaller keys.  This phone fits the bill for those who just want to be able to make calls.

Tried Trac Phone and Samsung folding models. the SnapFon 2 exceeded my expectations in every way. A great product at a great price. Perfect for Seniors!

I just stopped by Tmobile to get a sim card and this phone was a snap to set up. I was pleasantly surprised, as was the 91-year-old I got it for. He was pleased to have the one-button dialing option.I can see that if a person had used a cell phone, it might seem overly simple, but those big buttons and the simple setup/learning are a totally win.

It works but doesn't pick up my micro-cell so the reception is terrible.  I bought this for my 82yr old mother and she still has a very hard time with it.  Don't expect it to be THAT simple.

The phone is simple,and easy to use for anyone that just wants to make calls. My husband is vision impaired so the big numbers are great. You don't have to be a senior or elderly to enjoy this phone.

Does just what it says, but the documentation could be a bit clearer.  Took us a while to learn how to program it with numbers, etc,. The phone itself is perfect for someone with any hand issues - shaking, arthritis etc.  Loudness is good, to for those with hearing issues.  I do recommend it.

I bought this cell phone for my wife who has hearing and sight (legally blind) difficulties.  Overall, she's very pleased with the purchase.Pros:- The buttons are very easy to see and use.  They have a good tactile response.- The phone is indeed unlocked.  I popped the CIM card (ATT purchased from Amazon for $6)out of her old phone and put it in the Snapfon and it worked immediately.- The antenna sensitivity is quite good (important in our rural area).- The sound quality is also very good, both incoming and outgoing.- The setup was reasonably easy as you would expect from a cell phone with very few features.Cons:- No speaker phone option.  Since it already has a speaker for the audible keys, you would think that a speaker phone option would be automatic.- No usb interface.  This would be nice for adding a unique ring tone or syncing a phone book.- The FM radio feature is pretty useless.  Poor sensitivity and bad sound.Bottom line: It's very useable for easily sending and receiving calls and texts.

I bought this phone for my mother. She is 85 years old and is legally blind. Recently I had to put her in assisted living. I wanted a way that she could contact me. I had ALLOT of trouble finding a phone that was designed for the visually impaired, UNTIL this phone. I bought an AT&T SIMS card ($8) as I wanted to add her to my AT&T phone plan. It all worked great together. No problems with activating this phone through AT&T!! My mother has no difficulty with this phone. Well, sometimes she holds down the end key after talking to me for TOO long and the phone shuts off. A few more lessons on this and all will be fine. Could not speak more highly of a phone designed with site impairment! Well done!

No where does it say in the description that ATT is ONLY selling 3G sim cards, so this phone will NOT work on new accounts.If you have an old 2G sim card to throw in, then you are good, but otherwise, it will not work with the new 3G sim cards at ATT.

I had ATT sim phone for few years, so I know sim card. When this phone kept displaying "insert Sim", I tried check and recheck, the sim card inserted exactly matching the description and picture.  However, the phone kept showing "Insert Sim". I currently use Verizon phone, so I don't have a sim card to try if the problem was sim card.I have to return this phone and order another one, wait for another few days. It is disappointing the manufacture did not test its preducts completely.Two stars for it does sound pretty loud. That is the reason I am trying to get this phone for my mother.After returned the phone, I ordered another one. This time, the phone seems working with 1 bar signal strength. However, having ordered one before, I can tell this package was not new. Someone already opened it and it did not packed as well as factory new.  I don't know why they ship the returned product as new one.  I will find out later, if this phone working in Australia.  No matter what, it missed the Holiday for me to give it to my mother as a present.

EVERY SENIOR SHOULD BUY THIS PHONE.I PURCHASED THIS PHONE OVER 3 YRS AGO AND MY 85 YR OLD MOTHER HAD NO PR 0BLEMS USING THIS PHONE ...IT HAS A RADIO AND THE NUMBERS ARE VISIBLE AN IT IS LOUD IF YOU HAVE A HEARING PROB, BUT YOU CAN ADJUST THE VOLUME....SO MANY  NEAT FEATURES....

I was encourage to purchase this cell phone in an effort to provide comfort and ease of use for my 70 year old mother; she disliked it completely. Unfortunately, I would not recommend the purchase of this product. It is not user-friendly, difficult to store contacts in address book, in fact, it does not store them! Even with the volume set at the highest, i.e. 7, it is very difficult to hear. The reception/signal is awful. However, the flashlight and lock key are good features; but that's about it. I will make an effort to return it, hopefully the seller will realize that it is a poor quality product.

Review revised: Downgraded.The phone has large buttons and a large font display.  If you could get used to the more complicated "navigation" it might be easier to make calls on.The phone itself is not much, if any, larger than most mobile phones, so since the keys are larger (and they are much larger) there are not as many keys.  So the usual "soft keys" are missing and the "call" and "end" key must serve multiple functions. This makes navigation more complex than a standard mobile phone.  Green key (call) is also used much like an &lt;enter> key and one must scroll through options using the center (Menu) key and the call key. The end key is also the "no" key and is used to back up through the processes.Also the Snapfon does not provide some common options like call forwarding.  We put the Sim card in another phone to program call forwarding and some other options that are not in the Snapfon's "settings" menu.  It does not indicate the time/date on missed calls either.  Snapfon could add more features to their settings menu but it would be more complicated to use.We are returning the phone because switching from a standard phone to this one is confusing.  A "gadget geek" might like it.We would not buy it again.

This phone is horrible for the disabled.Text too small, no audible module announcements, and buttons that are all crammed onto a single piece of rubberized plastic.

I have bought two Snapfon ezTWO to give to two of my dearest friends. One is 68 and the other one 85. Both of them are delighted because they can see the screen perfectly well without having to look for their glasses and they also found it very easy to use.They live in Colombia, South America and it works better than other well known brands.Now all of my friends want one too. I'll have to start saving.

After two weeks of little use it became broke. Especifically the S.O.S button was shifted from its place.The other drawback is the menu. It is not user friendly at all.The only possitive feature of this cell phone is the size of the keys.Not recommended at all. Look for a better quality device.

The phone quit working after one week.  It was a gift for my 86 year old dad so he could take it with him or speed dial family members.  He had never used a cell phone before.  So there was some "learning curve".  Unfortunately, he just couldn't get the hang of using the middle toggle button for speed dialing.  Since it quit working, I will try to return it.  Will update this after I see how that goes.

My 93 yr. old mother loves it. It was recommended by a friend of hers because my mom kept hitting the wrong icons on her Galaxy, calling people at all hours of the night. She has poor vision. It has been a big help to us all!! The phone works well, is lighter and much easier for her to use.

After doing much research on phones for seniors and reading many reviews, I chose the Snapfon ezOne for my 77-year-old mother who is in the early stages of macular degeneration. She is not tech-savvy, but she's picked up quickly on the "how tos" for this phone. She loves the large, back-lit numbers and the ease of stopping and starting a call. She's amazed that she does not have to remember and "dial" phone numbers, since they are all saved in the phone. The recessed, red emergency button on the back of the phone gives me some peace of mind, for my mom is often out and about and lives very independently. She does not use the radio, as many other reviewers also mentioned. I also purchased the charging stand so she does not have to deal with issues related to bending to plug in the charging cord or inserting the tiny end into the phone; she merely puts the phone into the stand which remains connected to the electrical current via the cord that comes with the phone.

I wrote my review mistakenly under lanyard. I'm not going to type it out again. Jolly good 'phone if you please.

Up to this moment this purchase has been very good since the phone is used mostly by my grandmother. Currently she has not experienced any problems with it. Before this purchase me and my mother had several problems trying to get a phone for elder people to use easily since here in Costa Rica there are a few stores that offered this type of devices. Fortunately after doing a little research I was able to locate this phone that offer very easy instructions in order to use it as soon as you take it out from the box.Overall a good purchase. Hope to get another phone in a near future!!!

The EZ Snapfon was the simplest cell phone I could find for my elderly Dad.  It arrived promptly and in good shape.  The price was fair.  I wish, however, it were even easier to understand.  We've only entered two people in its "phonebook", but we find it is almost difficult NOT to dial 911 by accident instead of one of the names.  Knowing that you need to use the down and up part of the menu button isn't intuitive, and hard for him to remember.  It has some features and some terminology an elderly person doesn't really need. How I wish someone would offer a cell phone that is even easier!

We bought this for my 89 year old Mother-in-Law who has macular degeneration. She says it is easy for her to see the buttons and screen and can hear people's voices clearly. I just took the sim card from her AT&T Pantech phone and put it in this one and it was good to go.

I purchased the phone for my 95-year father recently.  I consider the phone to be a good phone purchase for Dad because the buttons are a good size for him to use & are easy to read for him.  The phone is simple enough to understand how to use for someone who, naturally, at this age is not medium-high technology savvy.My only complaints are that there is not a speaker-phone option on the phone nor is there a way to increase the amount of the # of rings before the call rolls into voicemail available on the phone.  Seniors have difficulty hearing well and the speaker-phone helps my Dad immensely and it doesn't register soon enough that it his phone ringing in time for him to get it out of the holster we bought him (which helped) before the call rolls into his voicemail which in my opinion is a wasted feature on this phone.Otherwise, we like the phone & it serves it's purpose of us being able to reach him during the day while he is out doing whatever he wants to do at the retirement community he resides in.

We needed a simple, easy to use cell phone for our 80 year old Mother, While it has taken her some time to get comfortable with it (she accidentally called 911 the first time she tried to use it. She became quite distraught by the 911 operators doing her best to make sure there really wasn't a genuine emergency and then again 2 hours later when a couple of uniformed officers showed up "just to make sure there really wasnt a problem"), she has begun using it and has been able to make and recieve calls, listen to voice-mails and do texts!!!Way to go Mom!!!

I bought the phone for my mom. She likes it. Very senior friendly. The big numbers makes it eisier for her to dial. Thanks Snapfon.

I bought this for my parents, both have low vision. They love it, white letters on black, very large and easy to see. My sister liked it so much she is buying one too. It's very basic and easy to use.

I originally bought this phone for my dad who has some cognitive disabilities. He has had it for over a year and he loves it. It is very easy for him to use. My mom has become visually impaired and also has arthritis in her hands so dexterity is sometimes a problem.  I just bought a Snapfon for her too. I set all the family members up on speed dial so she only has to press one button to connect to one of us. The buttons are large enough for her to see without difficulty. If there is one thing I would improve it would be to make the phone a little bit larger.One other feature that I thought was really great is the SOS button on the back of the phone. With the push of that big red button you can connect to 911, an emergency contact person, or just set off a loud personal alarm that will let others know you are in danger and need help.

Easy to get working on AT&T system--just put the SIM card in and go.  Easy to operate without all of the unnecessary features of too-smart smartphones.  Like the loud ring (for hard-of-hearing spouse) with a selection of ring tones to choose from. Big buttons another goody. Phone is small and easy to carry--this also means the phone is easy to lose.  Too bad it doesn't come in bright color(s). Goes long time between charges because of minimal display.  Another mixed blessing is the plain looks--no one is going to want to steal it (:-) In summary, a good senior phone at decent cost.

This is great, for senior people, great sound, big letter on keypad and big letter on the display, and easy operation.  We just pop the SIM card from old AT&T phone to this, and works like a charm.  The back red HELP button can be programmed to immediately send text to a phone.

I spent hours on end for days and wasted a couple of weeks with one "false start" (locked phone sold as unlocked)before finding this phone for my son whose life depended upon his ability to make phone calls but was under restrictions to find a "talk and text only" phone. This Snapfon, combined with the unlimited plan offered by PureTalk USA was the least expensive and ONLY option available on the market. It was reassuring to find it on Amazon.com, for I knew that if for some unforseen reason it too wasn't workable, being able to return it to a reputable company wouldn't bring with it any other unfortunate suprises. Thanks, Amazon!

Let me tell you first off that Amazon is combining the Snapfon ezONE reviews with the Snapfon ezTWO and if you have the "Two" like I do .  The Bluetooth DOES WORK!I emailed snapfon and they (Katie) sent me an email back with in hours with a link to all the videos and how to do things on this phone( [...]) and I watched the video on pairing Bluetooth devices and I could not manage to get my Plantronics Model 320 working .  I called the 800 number she gave me and I spoke with Veronica and I'm sorry to say I was not my best to her and I apolize.  Anyway she connected me with her supervisor Jim and he walked me through it, the problem was getting the headset to be ready to pair not the phone, I felt like an idiot after I bragged how technically competent I was and Jim being the professional that he is took it in stride.So let me tell you  "BUY THIS PHONE"!  it is perfect if you just want to do normal cell phone stuff, yes you can text , and other stuff but its really easy and I just put my ATT Sim card in and I was good to go!UPDATE  Stopped working after 11 months, customer service said I was rude because I didn't agree with them... Skip ITThe technical support (DO NOT HONOR WARRANTY) alone makes this phone a worth while purchase alone.  Amazon (Prime) had this phone delievered to my front porch in 15 hours after purchasing it so anyone who thinks that $79.99 cost for prime is high is dead wrong and you also get all those movies & tv shows for free.Thanks again to all.

When the phone arrived I tried to copy the phone numbers from the old phone to the sims.  Then sim to the new Snapfon.  It erased all the numbers in the address book and sims card. I can count the address but cannot retrive them. My farther is 80's and he having trouble adding numbers.  Simple software and a 3/5 cue card would help. Just a week ago it kill the entire address book again.

We got the Snapfon for a 93 year old father. The simplicity of the phone made it easier for him to use or miss-use. The only draw back was the inability to remove the 911 number from the contact list. The phone did work well and gave great talk time as well as standby time. I would buy it again.

It is a great phone, loved that I bought it for my Dad, he actually says it's too loud, but the tv is always still louder!?, I would recommend it for anybody, old, young, etc.. great basic use phone, also has FM radio and a flashlight (things that matter).  Oh of course the S.O.S. button and big number display is helpful too...

I bought this phone for my mother in law who is in a nursing home and due to ongoing repairs we cannot talk to her, so we decided to send a cell phone.This phone is just wonderful, it is simple, big buttons,very, but  very light which is very important with people with arthritis, and best of all , the volume, the ringer is really loud.So easily heard by people hard of hearing.It sends text messages, meaning it does everything any cell phone does, but better.Very easy to use. I just love it, to the point I will get another one for me. I wear glasses and travel a lot, so it is great having big buttons so I can handle a phone call easily at airports without having to search in my purse for the reading glasses, and is so so light, that for somebody like me with psoriasis arthritis in my hands.Another smart thing is the orange screen with big numbers which makes it easy to see in the dark.This phone is awesome and affordable

This is not a great phone for seniors. There are buttons on the side that my mom kept pushing by accident when she would try and make a call. It really is inferior. WHAT I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY SOMEONE DOES NOT COME OUT WITH A PHONE WITH LARGE BUTTONS, NO TEXTING OR EMAIL JUST A PHONE FOR SENIORS?There us a huge market out there and no one is cashing in or helping the seniors whose eyes are blurry and their hearing is failing....

I purchased this phone for my parents, and they are fascinated with it! the SOS feature is great and works superbly!

I bought my 83 yo mother the unlocked GSM Snapfon ezONE-C Senior Cell Phone with Big Buttons for about $80 (it's $60 now) along with its car charger (forgetting she doesn't drive any more!). I then carried it to her home in Montreal and activated on a Roger's 40 cent/min (but 0$/day) PayGo plan.My mother likes her Mac Mini and iPad, but she's largely blind, quite arthritic, and has peripheral neuropathy reducing her sense of touch. So most phones won't work for her. This was the only phone we could find that she might be able to use. She needs, for example, to be able to call for help when Montreal's sometimes unreliable wheelchair transport service fails to show up - leaving her stuck in her wheelchair as snow swirls, water freezes, and hungry wolves approach over the ice.It is impressive how few devices are made for people like my mother.  I assume the demand isn't there. Certainly if she were younger she might do well with a VoiceOver iPhone, but the combination of age and diminished touch make VoiceOver hard for her. In any case that was my best guess, but the next best choice to this $60 phone is probably a $700 iPhone 5.Based on limited use, here are my impressions of the device. I'll start with the bad, then the good. Bottom line: I think it will work, but I'd rather buy a better version for $100 than the current phone for $60.THE BAD- It doesn't get its time settings off the mobile network. Very weird.- I fear it doesn't  persistently store its configuration. I don't want to test this, but I think prolonged removal of the battery will wipe all setup - and setup is a bit painful. File this under "suspicion" not proven. Settings do survive a quick battery swap. (Maybe it's storing some data on the SIM card, in which case I might have been confused by a SIM swap.)- This is a very Chinese product -- feels like it was built for the Chinese or Japanese market. That is, it has a number of weird add-on features like an FM radio and a flashlight that mostly add complexity and seem weird for the US market. On the other hand, I think my mother might actually use the FM radio. It uses the ear set as an antenna. In my testing it worked well with an iPhone ear set and with iPod ear buds despite the manual saying only Nokia and SNAPFON earphones work.)- It has too many features that can simply cause confusion and will never be used, like 'conference call' and 'call waiting'. Even SMS is of dubious value. The radio introduces many options.- The power connector is small and hard for my mother to find. I stuck a rubber matt near it so she could find it. It is easily confused with the headphone jack.- It feels fragile and unreliable. We're not talking iPhone 5 build. I'd happily pay $40 more for better build quality.- Display is small and text layout is a bit off. I suspect it was designed to show characters, not Roman letters.- Buttons take some push -- they are cheap!- It comes with "PureTalk"; it's probably not the best PayGo solution but it's not entirely bad. For the US market I'd suggest H2O Wireless instead.THE GOOD-Big buttons!-Ringer is LOUD, and phone is loud and audible even at an intermediate setting.-The instruction manual is large type.-I could get a camera lanyard into the lanyard hoop with a bit of fiddling (essential accessory, should be bundled with phone).- It speaks numbers as they are entered. Great feature!- Seems to have very long battery life.- The quick dial numbers will work well I think, even though we decided not to enable the SOS feature for now.- Yes, the flashlight and radio are quirky, but my mother might actually come to like them.I created a large print 1 page handout for my mother that included a simplified version of usage directions and the numbers I programmed in for her.

This is great for seniors, I bought for my mom and she has an easier time than other phones to use this device.

I purchase this phone for my wife because she has a vision impairment problem. The 2 good things about this phone is that it is very load and the keys and text are large.  For the most part this is an OK phone with no frills.On the other side, we kept missing calls because the phone would not ring. I had set the ringer at the lowest level because it is very load and my wife was in the hospital when we received the phone. Every time I checked the ringer setting it was turned off. We finally realized that if you hit the minus volume key when you are not on a call the phone lowers the ringer volume. So if the ringer is set to the lowest level before it goes to off, then the first accidental hit of the minus volume shuts the ringer off. The placement of the up/down volume keys makes it very easy to accidentally change the ringer volume. I have to admit it is mentioned in the owner's manual that hitting the up/down volume key changes the ringer volume when not on a call. It does not warn you that it can shut the ringer off. For a senior with vision impairment, this is a problem in my opinion. I think the only way you should be able to shut the ringer off is in the setup menu.The placement of the up/down switch of the side of the phone also created problems when listening to calls. If your hand touches the switch while you are listening to a call it will change the volume to include shutting the speaker off. This happened several times during our use of the phone. After surgery her hands were not as steady as before and the phone would shut the speaker off. After tying to call my wife and her answering the phone but not being able to hear me we decided we didn't want to deal with this phone anymore. A phone is meant for communications and that can't happen when the ringer or speaker is shut off.Neither of us was satisfied with the voice quality of the calls either.After trying to contact my wife on Thursday and not being able to get thru, we decided it was time to get rid of the phone. We purchase the phone directly from Snapfon. I called customer support at Snapfon and they were very nice. They looked up my order and said we had the phone for over 30 days and we could not return it for a refund. I explain my wife had surgery and was in the hospital for 5 weeks, but that didn't make any difference. We were 10 days past the limit and rules are rules. I talked to another person at Snapfon and got the same answer.Lessons learned: 1-read every word in the instruction manual and then read it again, 2-The first time your wife says she does not like the phone, send it back before the 30 limit. We will give this phone to somebody that can use it. We don't like the phone and will get a different phone.Mike Rachuk

My elderly Mom had the Snapfon 1 for a couple years. She didn't use it much since it was meant for emergencies when away from home but she kept it charged in the (optional) cradle until the plug stopped making good contact. I upgraded her to the Snapfon ezTwo and she couldn't be happier. The screen (and phone) is significantly larger plus now it is in color which is much easier to read. The charger is standard microusb-B and the new (optional) cradle is much simpler - just two pins to make contact. It can be charged using any microusb-B cable and charger although they recommend the Snapfon charger. The battery from her Snapfon 1 fits fine so if you have extras, they will work. There are other phones with more features but they just overwhelm her so this phone is perfect for a non-tech savvy user. I moved her sim card from the Snapfon 1 into the Snapfon ezTWO and it was good to go. Her phone worked and the phone numbers were intact. I did have to reset up the speed dial and SOS numbers. Highly recommended.

They got it exactly right., April 11, 2012Amazon Verified Purchase(What's this?)This review is from: Snapfon ezONE-C Senior Cell Phone with Big Buttons and Easy to Use: Cell Phones & Accessories (Wireless Phone Accessory)After a month of use I am completely satisfied with my Snapfon ezONE phone. It is as easy to use a regular desk phone and has big, lighted keys, a large high-contrast very readable display (even outdoors in bright light), and plenty of ringer and speaker volume. An unexpected bonus for me is, that at my residence, I have a consistent four-bar signal strength whereas my previous phones the signal strength just vacillated between zero and one. The phone is attractive in appearance, light weight, easy to carry and the battery charge also lasts longer than my previous phones.The emergency button feature is also well thought out and should eliminate the need for the expense of the "I've fallen and can't get up devices." The built in LED flash light is another handy item as is the built-in FM radio that would be very desirable in a disaster situation.The operational menu is straight forward, simple and intuitive to use. Other than the keypad there are only 3 big clearly marked buttons to deal with. The keypad lock, flashlight, volume and FM radio are controlled by four separate switches located on the sides of the case.I cannot think of one negative thing to say about this phone It is one of those rare cases where a need was identified and a device designed and built to fulfill that need and they got it exactly right. I would recommend this phone to anyone and I hope they sell millions of them.

The "new" model is worse than previous one. The display size and numbers were reduced. The product is intended for use for visual handicaps..........so ? We returned it.

Looked great with large numbers, SOS button, and nightlight. Main issue was speaker phone cannot be left on.  It is only operable once a call is connected and 0 or OK button is pressed twice.  Once in position it's difficult to push a button and then relocate.  Also very lightweight and not formed to hand.  Be sure it's what you want before transferring a number.  Reactivating is painful!  Not for us, but might work for others.

BUY THIS PHONE for any seniors in the family. Sooo easy to use, great ringtones...all around super! Extra big buttons nice backlight. Perfect

I bought this phone in November.  It appeared to have all the features that my elderly mother needed.  Snapfon didn't offer coverage in Tomah, WI.  They advised me to use T-Mobile.  I did.  When we tried the phone it appeared to work.  HOWEVERit only worked in certain areas of her house.  We didn't find this out until she had an emergency.  I contacted T-Mobileand they said that although there service SHOULD work in the Tomah area the signal was not strong (of course this was after numerous contacts with T-Moblie, Service Technician calls and vists and finally a new SIM card.)WELL to make a long story short T-Mobile refunded my money.SNAPfon told me "TOO BAD SO SAD"  They said that I hadn't contacted them in 30 days.  I told them that my mother livesin WI and I live in IL and after setting the phone up it appeared to work, it just DIDN"T work for the EMERGENCY that shehad.THEY REPLIED SORRY!!!!  AND WOULD NOT GIVE A SOLUTION OR REFUND!NO CUSTOMER SERVICE!  I will tell any and ALL who will listen about this HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE experience!Try JITTERBUG or JUST5.  Don't wasted your time with this phone......you will be out of money if you experience problems!!

Having had to make a long road trip, I didn't want to worry about making or getting phone calls while driving. This Snapfon ezOne was great. It does what it says, the numbers are large and lighted, and all the features worked well. I only had one complaint, and that is with the instructions. I like them to tell me how to do anything teckie with the attitude that this person needs the most inane and simple steps. The companies could make them with all pix or really as simple as humanely possible, then I could follow them. Still felt a little stupid trying to follow instuctions provided, but that's me.

Grandpa and I just "LOVE" our 2 New Snapfons!!  Wow...just great cellphones!!  Great...Reception...CALLS NEVER DROPPED!!  PLUS..only a $10 a month contract with Talk USA--for 100 min's. each month...and...min's not used...is "rolled over" to add to next month!! That's GREAT!!  Also...biggest feature....Grandpa can "hear" his cell phone ring in his pant pocket, too!!  Plus..."EASY" to use....BIG BUTTONS AND....NO..."complicated features"...just call and talk!!  That's all we needed.We had AT&T; cell phones for 8 years...($74/mo for our 2 cell phones) and they were "awful"! We got terrible reception...dropped calls...and...we could not hearour cell phones when it rang in my purse or Grandpa's pant pockets. Also..we never used the camera...or...give a darn about "texting"...and never used all the other "complicated features".  All we needed was to call and talk on a cell phone!!We are sooo happy with our New SNAPFON CELL PHONES!! Just wished they had Snapfons 8 years ago...I would have never gotten those awful-expensive cell phones from AT&T.;  We "highly recommend"  anyone to buy a SNAPFON!! I tell you...theselittle cell phones are GREAT!!!

Bought this phone for my 86 year old mom. She's not tech savvy and a little hard of hearing. Reasonably priced, was able to use SIM card from her other phone, super easy to use and volume can be set to really loud. Directions even have large print. No regrets - highly recommend.

Bought this for my father who has some trouble seeing the small numbers on a standard cellphone.  I inserted the SIM card from his prepaid AT&T cellphone and the Snapfon worked right away.  The numbers are large and easy for him to read and the ringer is nice and loud.  It took him a couple of days to realize how to lock the keypad with the switch on the side to prevent the phone from accidentally calling from his cellphone holder.  I don't think he uses the FM radio function but the LED light is a nice bonus since it helps him read in low light situations.

This phone was great. Simple, compact but numbers large enough to read. Unfortunately my father was not able to learn to use it but that was because of his failing condition not the function of the phone.

I bought this for my Mom. It feels better constructed as I expected. Works fine with the Telcel SIM card we bought in a convenience store.I just wouldn't ever use this for text messaging, it is somewhat bothersome.Otherwise, It's a perfect fit for my mom's needs. Now we can reach her when she's out.

First unit received was faulty, but the second one functions properly.  Very easy exchange with Amazon.  Good customer service with Snapfone.  It requires the Tuff Case as the back plastic is so slippery that it's ridiculous.  Too bad that there is only one case available.  Instructions are way too basic.  You're pretty much left to your intuition on many features.  Cheap but decent.

I got this phone for my mother who is extremely hard of hearing and do not speak English. This phone is definitely very LOUD and simple. The buttons are large and the screen is bright. Programming is a challenge since it is not a smartphone and is limited, but do-able. So far it is still holding up considering how many times it was dropped.

I LIKE EVERY THING ABOUT THE PHONE I INJOY MY RADIO WHILE WAITING ON TIMES I AM SITTINGWORKS GRATE WITH THE EAR PLUG PLUG IS LIKE AN ANTINA MAKES RADIO MORE CLEAR LOVE THE BIG NUMBERS  AND THE INCOMMING SOUNDS ARE GRATE ONLY THING IS THE INSIDE SCREEN BRAKES VERRY EZ  PHONE FELL FROM MY LAP ON A WOOD FLOOR BROKE THE INSIDE SCREEN AND CAN NOT FINE ANY LOCAL SHOP IN MY AREA AUSTIN TX WHO CANE FIX THE PHONE  NO ONE HAS PARTS NOW I CANT SEE TEXT , PHONE NUMBERS ARE CALLER I D MAY HAVE TO BUY A NEW PHONE

We were looking for a basic easy to use phone for my wife's aunt who is 77 years old and physically & visually challenged. This phone fit the bill perfectly. Large display, large keypad, straight forward dialing and disconnect. We programed in her normally used numbers and she was set to go. We took it to AT&T and had her added to our plan with no trouble at all.

Our Snapfon works fine but the charger quit charging.  We were in a bind as my father who uses the phone needed a charger asap.  We paid the extra delivery charge for 2 day shipping and the new charger arrived on time but was damaged.  An inch and a half strip of plastic was curled outward from the side of the charger exposing some of the inner parts.  Luckily the damage doesn't affect the charger's operation and some black electrical tape covered up the opening.  Normally we would send it back due to the damaged condition but we were in a bind as my father needs his phone.

Display and keys were fine. BUT, worked a couple months then started dropping calls all the time.  was not dependable

I bought this phone for my mother to use. It works perfectly with international sim card (we live in Israel). Big buttons are great, loud ring which she can hear. Am thinking of getting the same for my husband (who has no patience for tiny buttons since he has large hands!) Was easy to program speed dial

Phone has great features for the elderly, but it all serves no purpose because the call volume is very low.  Strangely the speaker for the speakerphone is very loud, but then using it like a speaker phone, the voice quality for the other person is terrible.  We are back to square one trying to find our father something he can both operate and conduct a conversation on.

I bought this phone for my elderly mother. Out of the box it felt loose and of rather poor quality. Similar to a plastic toy. I assumed it just needed to have the battery put in it to give it some heft. I got the battery in it and charged it up. We got the phone set up and began testing it. I followed the instructions and could not get the SOS button to function at all. I figured I had done something wrong. I called tech support and a guy obviously in a home office answered. Just as he answered I happened to flip on the flashlight button and it didn't come on. Again I thought I was doing something wrong so I started out by simply asking him how to turn on the flashlight before I got into the more complicated SOS button question. He said, "push the button up and down a couple times", so I did. I told him it was fully charged and the phone was turned on. His response was, "I guess it don't work". I politely told him the phone was of such bad quality I would just return it and didn't need him to next tell me that the SOS button that may be needed to save my mother's life also "don't work."A phone specifically designed for seniors needs more than big buttons, a loud speaker volume, and an Andy Griffith ring tone. It needs to be at least as well made and a prepaid Walmart phone and functional. Stay clear of this phone. I suspect they just want you on their cell service and want to sell you their badly made accessories to use with their badly made phone. Frankly seniors deserve more respect than this.

As another reviewer wrote, this is a nice phone for a senior but may be overly complicated for an enderly person.There are 3 sliding switches on the side for unnecessary features like a radio and a flashlight. They only served to further confuse my father-in-law. The volume up and down buttons are too easy to press when holding the phone because of their location. The lock switch is hard to slide for someone with a little bit of artritis.When an SMS message arrives (gosh, I wish someone would make a phone that would just *NOT* receive SMS messages!), the keyboard locks until you ack the message by pressing the NO (red) button). But if you press the NO button too long, the phone powers off!The keys are big (good), but a bit plasticky which sometimes leads to missed keystrokes.There have been several cases where the phone apparently didn't ring. However, when it does ring, it is very loud (which is _very_ good).A nice surprise is that the phone supports multiple languages. The spanish voice has a madrile&ntilde;a accent which is warm and easy to understand.The manual has sections in english and spanish. However, as is typical of most chinese manufacturers, it is a real challenge to understand either version as the text often makes no sense whatsoever.The phone does not come with any lanyard so we bought one from Snapfon. It is very overpriced, feels very cheap and worse yet, it separates easily so it is rather useless at keeping the phone around your neck.Note that there are several fairly similar phones out there. The inner parts are probably the same, with only the plastic outside changing.

Not surprisingly, I got this phone for my mother, because her previous $250 phone was on the fritz. And I have to say, I love this thing. I'm 22 years old, and if I didn't need the expanded capabilities of my Nokia smartphone, I would buy another Snapfon for myself! This phone's reception and performance is utterly amazing. My mother hasn't had one dropped call, dead battery or capability issue since we bought it. I will say that the only thing I wish got an upgrade are the menu options/functions. I installed dozens of contacts into the phone, and my mother accidentally deleted all as she was trying to find someone on the list...yeah, I wasn't about to start over, so now she just carries a little phone book in her purse. But other than that, this phone is wonderful. I highly recommend it for anyone who is sick of the fancy-shmancy models that can't hold a call in dense areas to save your life. You could literally be at the bottom of a ditch and I think this thing will still receive and send calls perfectly. Awesome little machine.

My tech-challenged dad loves his new phone.  The buttons are huge and the phone's speaker is easy for him to hear.  He appreciates that it comes with such an easy-to-follow instruction manual.  It may not be very intuitive for me to use as an iPhone/Android user, but it's perfect for his needs.  Perfect if you (or a non-tech-savvy loved one) want an easy-to-use phone that is just a phone!

It's a great phone, nice large numbers good size.....but you have to use their phone service provider.  We were looking for a phone we could just transfer our present company & number to because we have Verizon and found out after that you can't transfer to another company, you have to use their company.  Not what we were looking for.

i bought this phone for my grandma cause she stays at home by herself a lot and she falls quite often. i configured it easily and left it for her to use it. it has big buttons and the font on the screen is good, i like everything about it specially the SOS features. this phone is seriously designed for seniors.The only thing that is missing is a place for a phone hand strap which i think its essentials for seniors as they wouldnt worry about carrying it around.

It is really a good device and easy, very helpfull.Specially for people like my uncle who has seeing problem

My father has said for years that if he could find a cell phone that just had a dial on it (remember the old-fashioned dial phones?), that he would be happy.  Trying to find a phone that is simple in design and easy to use is a tough thing now days.  A couple of years ago, we bought him one of the simpler touch screen phones.  He tried very hard to understand and use the phone but he was so frustrated by it that we generally found it to be turned off.  It was useless to him.And then we found this phone.  Simple enough to use with large numbers for easy visibility.  We simply moved over the SIM card (AT&T;) from his old phone to get this one up and running.  My father also really enjoys the radio that is built into the phone.I like that he will keep his phone on now.  And I really like that he is finally happy.We will all be old one day and it is sad to see how few phones are made for seniors.  I regret how my father's old phone made him feel bad about his own abilities.  I wish the marketplace would have more phone choices that are appropriate for people of differing abilities.  Fortunately, this phone is just perfect for seniors!

This is my mother's first cellphone.  The functions and settings were very easy to teach her.  She is now very comfortable with the phone and likes using it.

Bought for my elderly in-laws. Simple enough to use, but the speaker sounds harsh and distorted. The phone looks and feels cheap, like a kid's toy. That is a better use for this phone.

Purchased this phone for my 90 years father. Before he has Snapfon 1 and was happy. This one has the better display and accessoires, but one thing is made very stupidly - it is a volume button. They located this button right where should be your fingers when you grab the phone and my father definitely push the button and minimise the speacker level - he can't hear me. The second problem - when you push this button you are not changing the voice level ( like in other phones), just ring tone level. To change voice level, you have to be on call with somebody and just during the call could change the level - stupid!!!

Got this phone for my father who has had issues with other phones.  He is able to operate this phone pretty well which he struggled with using other phones.

My mom asked me to find a phone for my dad whose eye sight has deteriorated a lot due to diabetes.We found this phone perfect for him.Another concern was if this phone is unlocked or not. We tested it and found it unlocked.Thanks

We had gotten the simplest &#34;free&#34; phone with the biggest buttons and still my mother in law would have trouble dialing, hearing it ring, and would sometimes get the settings messed up.By contrast the Snapfon is working great for her, after a couple of months I have not heard a complaint.Being unlocked allowed her to keep the AT&T; pay as you go plan by just moving the SIM card over, the AT&T; store even helped out with that.  This was a significant feature since she does not use the phone much and this plan gives her service for $8-9/month when paying a year at a time, which is much cheaper than something like Jitterbug or other options we saw.

I am 76 years old and this is a wonderful phone for me. Easy to use,easy to see and I like the SOS for me in case I need help. All in all it is a great phone for any age. I ordered it from Amazon and it was so easy to order and delivery was fast. I would recommend it for anyone.

I bought this phone for my mother. Great, simple to use, phone, easy to understand how to use. The numbers on this phone are really big. The SOS button on the back is a great feature that can be programed to dial my number for example and send Text to additional phone numbers.

THIS PHONE WAS A GREAT BUY, I BOUGHT IT FOR MY HUSBAND WHO IS VISUALLY IMPAIRED.  IT IS A SIMPLE AND EASY PHONE TO OPERATE.

This phone does exactly what it says it'll do. There was a little difficulty with getting the SOS button to send text messages, but the customer service folks were very responsive and sent the needed information right away. All functions work correctly now. Great job Snapfon! I definitely would recommend this phone to anyone with an elderly family member.

I bought this for my 75 yr old father who is at times very hard to satisfy and so far, it seems to please.  Works well with his network, large display, large keys, loud sounds.  The only thing I have heard him say he didn't like was that the time automatically changes depending on time zone he's in and he would rather it stay on his home location.  It has a side slick keypad lock which I personally think is wonderful.  I would recommend for anyone who wants a phone with not a lot of bells and whistles or someone who wants an easy to use phone.  Oh, and it has a camera too!!

GREAT PHONE FOR MY MOM BUT DID NOT CAME IN TWO DAYS AS I CHOOSED"SECOND TIME THAT THIS HAPPENS TO ME. THE FIRST TIME I CANCELED THE PRODUCT" SHOULD NOT ADVERTISE 2 DAYS PRIME WHEN IT WILL ACTUALLY TAKE A WEEK OR MORE.PLEASE DO NOT LIE TO THE COSTUMER

We are really pleased with this phone and with the quick service that we received.I have suffered a stroke and I am impaired on the left side and my wife has MS so this is a life saver for us.It is easy to use and all the instructions were easy to comprehend.We both highly recommend this phone.

purchased for my 91 year old mom. tried to find a phone from one of the local cell companies.NO WAY.. this is a great phone and easy to use. and I just added it to my own cell account. smart buy

I got this phone for my father after he complained that the keys on his phone were too small. I did some shoppping around and came upon the only cell phone in the world withblarge keys. This phone is perfect for him. No tech, no problems.

This phone is a great idea, and for the most part it does what it says--i.e. makes it easier for a senior to use a cell.  But there is a major problem.  You can set up speed dial so that your senior in theory needs to press just one button to make a call. BUT unfortunately lots of random spam calls and SMS messages come into the phone, and the screen notifies you how many of each you missed.  To get past those notifications in order to use speed dial requires pushing another button (the red Power button) twice, and then the speed dial number.  That's nothing for most of us, but not for a senior--if they have to press three keys to make a call, it really makes it not that much more convenient than a standard cell or landline.  Given the whole sales pitch, it defeats the purpose.  Seems like something they should be able to fix or give you the option of turning off the notification, but their tech support says no.  So thumbs down from this user.

Good phone for seniors especially if hard of hearing and/or has bad eye sight.  After a few &#34;false&#34; starts my elderly friend was able to pick up on the use of the phone and could easily read the keys.  Now he doesn't know what he did without it.  Highly recommend it to seniors who have never had a cell phone or who had one that they couldn't use.

I like the concept and features of the phone, but the slider keypad lock switch is of poor construction and did not work. Unfortunately, I did not notice this until I spent (wasted) considerable time entering contact names and numbers. I suppose I will simply return the phone, since I haven't yet found info on getting a new one shipped with an RMA.

My legally blind father uses this phone. He found that the display is easy to read (depending on how well his eyes are working on any particular day, of course.) He likes the easy to read send, end and numerical buttons.Texting is not too bad, but could be better. For instance, pressing the pound key multiple times toggles through different input modes (uppercase, lowercase, etc) but you also have to toggle through Spanish input and many other options, making for many keypresses to go from lowercase to uppercase and back - assuming that you want to capitalize some words. Not extremely user friendly. He finds it easier to send in all upper- or lowercase most of the time. Also, there is no "Sent" folder for texts. Not a huge deal, but it would be nice to see what you've sent - especially for older ones with a possibly poor memory.For changing sound options, they are not all grouped together. It takes 8 keypresses to change the phone to vibrate mode and another 8 to change back to audible. To change to completely silent takes only a few keypresses, however. It would be nice if all the sound options were in the same menu area (Silent, Audible, Vibrate all together) and easy to access as this is something that is likely changed often.The battery life is very good. With such a small display, it does not use much energy to power the backlight. He only has to charge it once or twice a week.The earpiece volume can be very loud if adjusted up all the way. The ringer volume is also very loud. Great for the hard-of-hearing - which he is not. He says that the ringer is, "loud enough to wake the dead."Once, he was listening to the FM radio and an incoming call completely locked up the phone. Needless to say, he will not be using the radio anymore.He appreciates the led flashlight feature and the button lock to prevent accidental dialing.All in all, he likes this phone and would buy another if this one breaks.

I have now purchased three of these Senior phones for both my parents and father-in-law. The one-button SOS on the back will send a text message to me and my wife rather than calling 911 in the event they need help. It will also call me and put the phone in speaker hands free mode if my father-in-law has fallen and can't reach the phone but can talk. This is better than the very expensive Life Alert systems that cost hundreds of dollars and have monthly service fees and only work when they are home. I highly recommend this phone for anyone who has a aging parent that needs a simple to use, big button phone without all the smarts that can't and will not ever use. I use a really great rate plan for just $10/month for the first phone and $5/month for each additional phone and they get plenty of minutes that they will never use. I use puretalkusa.com Family Plan that looks to be a reseller for the AT&T network becuase they have excellent coverage.

The good, large buttons, fairly large screen, Emergency button is a good idea.  Not so great, feels kind of cheap, and the menu and address book is not easy for an 85 y/o to navigate.

Purchased this phone for my mother in law who is in her 80's.  She needed a phone with a large display and big buttons because dexterity in her hands is lacking.  This phone as worked out great for her.  Its simple to dial and it doesn't have any complicated buttons.  It was a little difficult to setup so I had to do it for her, but once completed she had no problems.  Love it!

Large buttons and large clear displays without all the clutter of the previous phone incauraged both my mom and my father in law to use cell phones instead of their regular land lines. Saves them both a bundle

My mom is happy, great performance, the unblocked worked in southamerica. especial for seniors is really!!, buttons are good size, is very easy to use.

My low vision, hard of hearing husband in his 80s loves this phone.  The super bright display looks exactly like the photo; I can see the time, phone number 4 feet away!  The ring is loud, the buttons are bright and fat and that makes it so easy for seniors to dial.  I set up speed dial very easily.  The contact list is just one click away.  It has a handy flash light on the top of the unit.  Best of all, the emergency button on the back can be set for 911 or any number.  I set it for me and I get a text message and a phone call when he uses this function.  My SIM card from ATT fit inside, right out of the box!  Could not have been easier.  Great little phone.  One last thing, it arrived in perfect condition, in a few days.  I really appreciated that.

The phone seems great and good quality.  Unfortunately it came without the battery. It's faster and relatively cheaper for me to buy a new one...

My husband has severe neuropathy in his hands and also some deafness.  The location of the toggle on the side of the phone to control volume is poorly designed.  Somehow he always gets the volume turned down and cannot hear the caller.  We do like the emergency call button.

Great little phone.  Good volume and the numbers are large and easy to read.  For my 89 year old elderly friend, it is still too complicated and the slide controls on the side of the phone are constantly getting moved to the wrong position.  The "phone book" feature is far too complicated for an elderly person to use.  I had to write detailed directions so my friend could access the contact list in the phone to dial the number automatically. I would recommend this phone, but it still needs to be more simplified for the elderly.  The company should consider two models, one for seniors and one for the elderly.

I bought this cell phone for my father who is 86 years old and has hearing problem.  I spent a lot time searching for a good phone for him online and was hoping this phone will work with 1) AT&T service, 2) having load ring tone and 3) have high receiving volume.  But the phone is big disappointment.  First, although the phone is compatible with AT&T service, the reception is horrible: it is not clear and it does not has signal a lot of time from his apartment where other cell phones always have signals.  Secondly, the receiving volume is so low, that he couldn't hear anything with or without hearing aid.  The only thing working is the ring tone is load enough.  I wanted to return the phone, but my father has already had the phone for more than 30 days and returning would not get much money back.  My advice is don't buy this phone for any seniors who has hearing problem and if you want to buy a phone for seniors go to local phone services (AT&T, Verizon or any other services) to choose and test the phone before buy it.

I purchased this phone for an elderly family member who didn't have the need for, or patience to learn how to operate, a more advanced, feature laden mobile phone. I am happy to report it has been a good fit, with no complaints to date. The phone is almost intuitive in its simplicity to use, and the buttons are over-sized for arthritic joints or poor eyesight. Also, the ringer volume is adjustable to a higher volume level that what is usually found on standard cell phones, and it is hearing aid compatible. If you or a loved one have any of these concerns, this is absolutely the right phone for you!

Just received the Snapfon yesterday. I am in my fifties and ordered it because I believe in the philosophy of "KISS", Keep It Stupidly Simple and, of course, easy to use. Please find below initial likes and dislikes.LIKES1) Very large, well lighted, and real easy to push numbers great when driving, in dark, etc., or just being human.2) Two of the multiple ring tones are real cool: Hawaii Five-O and opening title song to James Bond movies.3) Has a speaker phone engaged by holding the "0" key or pushing the green "OK" key and then selecting speaker.4) You can elect to have woman's voice announce the number keys each time you push one when dialing.5) Built-in LED flash light with switch on side of phone.6) Simple, amber back lighted screen which shows numbers and words with no pictures.7) Center "MENU" button easy to push lets you maneuver menus with up and down push of button.8) Three large key (green OK, yellow MENU, red PWR/NO) buttons for send call, access to menus, phone on/off, etc.9) Ability to lock keys with a side mounted sliding lock/unlock switch.10) Red SOS (Panic) button on back for calling up to four programmable, owner pre-set phone numbers.11) It irritated my wife when I told her I was going to buy a "Senior Phone".12) Loved the fact she had to eat her words when she actually liked it after it arrived. Told you so dear!DISLIKES1) NO BLUETOOTH! Spoke to manufacturer about this before buying and expressed my concern. Some of us do drive.2) Speaker is loud but not of the greatest quality at higher volumes.3) Had to listen to my wife's mockery of me buying a "Senior Phone".

Nice phone. Working well. Didn't realize you had to remove a piece from the charging stand if using the phone w/cover until I read a review. Better instructions would be helpful.Also recommend the up/down voice volume button be moved from the side of the phone. When my mother talks on the phone her fingers touch the down button and then she can't hear the caller. Thought the phone was going bad, but no -she was lowering the voice volume of the person she was talking to.

A great phone for seniors who want the safety and comfort of a carrying a cell phone and none of the &#34;extras&#34; that are excessive and confusing.  Light-weight, easy to handle and carry around.  Highly recommended for a non-electronic personality.

out. He needs an easy braile big button loud cell phone. The radio & lock is unnecessary for my dad.

I could not program with contact nos., could set up voice mail. Very poor instructions or none at all. The back was hard to remove if  a person has arthritis, this phone is not for SR. citizens. The nos. were easy to read.

Got this for my dad, who is in his 80's. Used with T-Mobile prepaid SIM, sold on Amazon, with no problems. Quite simple in operation, although certain parts of user interface can be somewhat confusing. Overall, recommend to anyone needing basic cell phone with clear layout and little in terms of the "learning curve."

Was excited to show it to my Dad, however excitement quickly turned into disappointment to find out that the phone was unable to charge. Returned for refund.Wish Snapfon has better QC.

This is a good starter cell phone for a senior. I got this for my tech phobic mother an she actually is using it.  Lately however she is advancing in her abilities and is using texting more as she is a little hearing challenged.  I can see getting her a phone which is better suited for texting in the near future.

Bought it for my 95 yr old father in law who lives alone. The emergency button was the selling point.

I bought this for my mom it is much better than the flip phone sold to me by my carrier. Every mobile operator offered this phone for older customers. I love the larger keypad and the simple intuitive design.

So that there isn't any confusion, this is a review of the Snapfon ezTWO.  I got this phone for my mother who has diminishing eyesight.  In the pro column:- Unlocked- Big, backlit, separated, raised keypad keys- Talking keypad option (for punching in phone numbers)- Physical controls for phone lock and volume control- Loud alarms (four of them)- Text message option to notify someone when the phone battery is running low- Long stand-by- It is lighter than it looksThe cons:- Sound quality during calls is just 'OK'- Reception can be iffyTo address the last two items, you can hear the person on the other end but you'd expect a modern mobile phone to sound better.  I've also had issues with reception but your mileage will vary here.  I've used the phone in Manhattan on AT&T; and T-Mobile and in Jamaica (W.I.) with Lime and Digicel.  In all cases the reception fluctuates wildly indoors.  I haven't determined if it is because of radio interference, if I am 'holding it wrong' or the phase of the moon but it definitely struggles more than the candybar Samsung it replaces.Finally, for entirely selfish reasons, I would have found the FM radio, present in the previous Snapfon model, more useful than the included camera but all in all it is a solid, non-too-complicated option for someone with low vision.

I returned the Snapfon because of the poor quality of the sound system on the Snapfon. I do not recomment the Snapfon.

I think overall it a good phone, I just which the screen and the phone could have better color options..especially for the elderly with bad eye sight.Seems not to work as well with hearing aids or in a noicy area in the background.Everyone at T-mobile including customers were impressed.Which there would be more versions of options ex: easy and simple, just phone, Med. like what it is, Advanced for those who may want to incl internet options.Overall pleased ESPECIALLY being able to have it unlocked.

I have purchased two of these for my husband who has low vision.  They are great!  The numbers speak the number when it is depressed to you know if you made a mistake.  He lost the first phone so we replaced with another.

This phone has worked out so great for my mom in a nursing home.  She had a hard time with the "regular" phones.  She was constantly dropping her phones in the toilet or in the sink full of water and then of course they didn't work.  The SnapFon had an optional lanyard that we ordered and this was the lifesaver.  She now doesn't lose the phone when getting up from her wheelchair.  Also the 911 button on the back, this is a great feature, what I wasn't sure and people should take note, you can DISABLE the text feature and you can program whatever number you want it to call when using the emergency call button.  Mom has severe arthritis, her fingers tend to push things accidentally as she has little control over them, so we programmed the emergency call button to call the nurse's station at the nursing center for help.  We disabled the text option.  So if she accidentally pushes the button, its not calling 911 for non emergencies and its also not texting people in the middle of the night creating a panic for something that isn't a panic.  The big numbers are so helpful to her, she is able to use a knuckle or thumb to push the buttons that we have preprogrammed to help her call with just 1-touch.  The ring tones are SUPER loud, yay!  We did choose one that wasn't terribly obnoxious as she does have a roommate in the nursing home.  She can hear so well on the phone, so even if the phone isn't right on her ear (she doesn't quite get the idea of where the speaker is for the phone since its not like a home phone), but she can still hear because the volume is set at a high enough level, in fact, we were able to turn it down.  I recommended it to my father in law because he can never quite hear the conversation when he's at a fire camp working and the buttons being so large make it easy to make out in the middle of the night when he's woken by a fire call.

I bought 2 of these phones for my parents.  I really liked that they came unlocked.  I turned off the voice that says the number dialed as they didn't like that feature.  The sound quality is good, phone numbers and screen info is relatively large, phone works fine, battery seems to have decent life before requiring a charge under normal use, and they really like the ability to turn up the volume.The only thing I did not like or appreciate is that one of the phones Snapfon sent was a return that they then sent to me.  How could I tell?  Photos taken by the previous owners were still in the phone and I deleted those.

I bought the Snapfon for my mother in law.  She was leery at first of something she had never used before.  She loves the keyboard's large keys and one touch speed call.  They work well with her arthritis.  She has accidentally hit the keyboard lock slide switch a few times, so we might tape that open.  There are five keystrokes to get to the address book and she will need to practice that.  I am amazed that cell phone providers do not carry a phone like this.  The smart phones, while they have large keyboards, they are way too touch sensitive for someone with arthritis, too expensive, and 10 times more features than most seniors would ever use.

I have read some of the other reviews and am puzzled as to why people are having trouble setting this phone up with their carriers.  I bought this phone for my mother and when it arrived I just pulled the sim card from her old AT&T phone, put it in and it booted right up without any further problems.  Tested it by calling my cell and everything was just fine.  It does note that it is not compatible with a couple of cell providers.

I purchased the Snapfone for my 93 year old father. It works is about all I can say.Pros:The voice quality is good, and it has quite a loud volume when turned up which is nice for the elderly. The buttons are large and easy to see, and it speaks the numbers as they are pressed. The SOS button on the back is a nice feature. The phone does not come with any sort of service, so it has to be added to a cellular plan - but it is unlocked and will work with any GSM carrier without a contract ( in the USA).Cons:Features like voicemail, texting, and address book are accessed through the arrow buttons. I have found this to be too confusing for a 93 year old. It was easier to teach him to simply press the numbers for the number he wants and &#34;press the green button.&#34; (or red to hang up). Getting him to understand how to use the voicemail has also been a challenge, so I usually end up having to check it for him.  Also, the phone is made quite cheaply.Overall, what you get for the price is good.

Got this phone to replace a lost Snapfon for mom.She enjoyed the old phone but lost it in a cab going to the doctor.She she was so upset and felt lost without her cell.Being xmas was 3 weeks away i told her not to fret and that i would give her this new one for xmas.She says it is slightly different than the older model but i can't see any difference.Numbers are large so that mom ,who is 92,can see them with no problem.Seems easy to operate for her and that's all that counts.Cell phone carrier is AT&T which is not the greatest provider..

We bought this phone for Grandma and it is great. Not too confusing. The audio number reader is great. The light doesn't work. Oh well. At least Grandma will carry it!

I got this phone on June 10, 2014. the packaging was very poor no tape on the box it was mailed in and the box the phone came in was opened. I set the phone up for my mom and at first she loved it now she does not . When she is talking to you on the phone you start to hear a buzzing noises and then you cannot hear her at all. I emailed the company have not heard back from them yet. very disappointed in the phone.

This was purchased for my elderly mother-in-law.  She has not had the trouble using it that she did with her previous cell phone.  It was reasonably priced for what you get.  The display is larger and easier to read.

The charger for the snapfon doesn't fit the phone correctly, hence the phone doesn't charge.  Had to buy lighter adapter outlet and use existing car charger for house use.  Wrote company but never got a response back.

I own a snapfon eztwo.It is useless - sometimes, I get calls and it does not ring .I get missed call notices, because sometimes it does not ring.I get wavering, unintelligable sounds at the beginning of a call.Sometimes I try to call and it does not work at all, as if the battery is low,I charge it for eight hours and it is erratic!I am trashing it - buying a more expensive, workable phone!Snapfon should not manufacture such a worthless un useable phone.When I make or receive a call I cannot hear the voice - I have to put it on"free hand" to hear the voice.Guess I have to send it in for repair or return.addition;The phone is OK I just have to get used to all the trickery to use it.

The SnapFon ezONE-C Senior cell phone seems to work as advertized. Not very good for messaging, but not too many seniors of advanced age will use this. Gave the phone to our friend who is 87 and she is using it without problem. AT&T have a better deal than the sim card that comes with the phone.

Nice phone for an elderly friend. For her using even a regular phone can be a struggle so this is still a little complicated. We disabled the emergency button as the fear of an accidental press was to worrisome to her. This phone combined with Puretalk's $5 a month plan makes for a great little emergency phone.

Bought for my mother. Best phone for the elderly. Don't buy any of the other &#34;Senior Phones&#34;. I have bought two of these phones. I for my mother and one for one of her friends. It is an unlocked phone.

I recently purchased this phone for my husband's elderly parents & was pleased to find that the glowing reviews of this product were accurate.  The parents appreciate the talking keys function, as well as large buttons & display.  They also appreciate the simple menu the phone has; they didn't want anything too complicated.  The only thing I would improve would be a slightly more detailed instruction manual, but the one that comes with the phone is adequate for anyone familiar with computers.  I highly recommend this phone, especially at the very reasonable price I got it at.

Bought this phone for my mom 2 years ago. She is legally blind and has been able to operate this phone well on her own.  We programmed the emergency button and sure enough she had to use it one evening.  I just bought a replacement phone for her as her other unit was 2 years old and shutting down unexpectedly.  I would say my mother has well used this phone, she wears it around her neck 24/7.

I have visual and hearing problems, but with this phone I can see the buttons and have the volume turned up to hear my calls, this phone was simply to set up.With the emergency  button this is a must for most active seniors

I purchased this for my 85 year old dad.It was easy to set-up and use.Problem is it is there seems to be something wrong  with the phone's microphone. On a call he can hear me, but it's very hard to understand him. I've tried troubleshooting - how he holds the phone, etc, but it's hard to help from 2000 miles away.There are a couple reviews that mention the same problem.Considering that the only expectation for this phone was that it makes calls, this is a fail.

I purchased this phone in good faith assuming that the company was actually going to be of help to me considering I am on a fixed income.I couldn't have made a bigger mistake!!!The only thing wrong with the phone is; when I tried to remove the back cover, I almost broke the phone due to the difficulty I had removing it. It was stuck on.The PureTalk service is a scam!!!!Their customer support is nearly nonexistent. I have been trying for a month to get the conformation e-mail to send in for my $10.00 rebate.Also, there is no way to cancel your service or cancel your card once you sign up.I am contacting my State's Attorney General Office to file a formal complaint against PureTalk USA.

I really wanted to like this phone - easy to use and great instructions on youtube, but the reception was horrible everywhere.  If this is going to be your only phone beware.

Great phone for vision impaired seniors. Simple to use, load speakerphone. SOS button on back for emergency help. Excellent call quality.

Bought phone for my Mother....phone, as others have reported is actually smaller then it appears, but it is a GREAT phone for seniors or anyone who wants a basic functional phone! Ring is loud, buttons clear and FLASHLIGHT is a GREAT bonus...I would recommend!!!!!!!

nice phone good size numbers, it can talk to you in diferent languages, dont like the menue if you wanna call a contact you have to go thrugh the menue to get to it. in every other phone you just press down on the center buton to get to who you want, thats the simple way to do it. also the screen window should be bigger. and a radio? WTH for? if you want a radio this small pice of junk isent it. flash light is a good idea, like that the lock button is a bit hard and for older folks can be confusing. if theyd just corect these few isues this would be an awsome phone for older folks. but as it its its problably still one of the best options out there at the moment so i would recomend it. and my dads using it with t-Moble and a life line account.

purchased this for my vision impaired grandfather, in short he loves this phone the buttons are large, screen is bright, operation is simple and does what a phone should.

Gramma loves her new phone. The buttons and numbers on the screen are nice and big. Simple and large menu. Easy-to-press&hold speed-dials. The speakerphone could still be a bit louder, but as it is, this phone is probably much louder than any of the other phones out there on the market that we've tried for her.

I was worried my father might be insulted by this phone. But I thought it was perfect for him since he has some conditions which make using a regular cell phone difficult to use. He is 78 and had a mild stroke which affected his left arm. His eyesight is also poor. This phone was just the ticket. He was really happy with it. Not insulted at all.

The phone had very poor contrast on the screen that shows the number being dialed. It would not be good for someone who needs good contrast and the backlight produced to much glare, instead of good lighting.

I bought this for my 70-something Uncle who lives in Mexico. Well, he could not have been any happier. He just loved this phone. This is really made for seniors. He asked me for a phone with big buttons and this was the real deal. I highly recommend.

This is perfect for an elderly person or someone hard of hearing. After accidently washing her first one, she was lost without it. Not only does it have an extra loudness it has a flashlight installed plus a button on the back to install emergency numbers in case shes fallen. If this was to happen, all she has to do is push this button (5 numbers which the owner programs in) and the phone automaticly starts calling these numbers. If no one answere, it dials 911. Perfect for anyone living alone or in bad health.

Bought this for an 80 year old man who is not tech savvy at all.  He loves this phone.  It is easy to use, large display, color is good.  A basic phone but well worth the price if you know someone who wants to keep it simple.

Purchased for my mother-in-law who is not very technical. She really loves the large buttons and ease of use. I have programmed my cellphone into the speed dial and the Emergency button. (Note - Emergency Button does work with key-lock active - however the only way to stop is to remove battery!!!) That was the only thing that I noticed could be a problem.Also, my father-in-law loves the FM radio. He just takes phone on balcony with him and listens without any problems. And battery lasts long time, even with extended radio usage.I would purchase another, very handy phone!

Bought this phone for my grandmother and she loves it.  The fact that she has the "SOS" button (that works great by the way) makes her feel safe at all times.

My 80 year-old mother is more than happy with her phone. Loud...very loud, easy to dial, easy to use. There could be an improvement in terms of the construction since it feels a little fragile, but it is still a nice product.

This phone was difficult to use and I had to throw it away as my mother could not navigate through the system.  The speaker phone was very poorly designed and one has to hold the zero down until the right level is reached each time the phone is used.  This is a big problem as the volume at the highest level was not high enough to start the call.  All and all a waste of $80.  Try Jitterbug.

I was looking for just a basic phone without a lot of unwanted and unneeded features.  I found just what I was looking for - just a phone that's just that.  The battery life is very good, the display large and easy to view and it has good audio quality - all important to me.  It also works on multiple networks including the T-Mobile network which I currently use.  I also like the fact it can be used overseas by simply inserting a SIM card.

Most reasonable price and very useful for  a senior  in a wireless home. The large buttons are great for her arthritic fingers.

Voice quality is poor and reception even poorer. Would not recommend this product. We are going to toss it and go to AT&T, our service provider, and bite the bullet and get something that works.

I bought this for my 87 year old father. He is on a plan now that is limited to 1200 minutes a month and runs out of time every month. Now this man has plenty of money in the bank, but won't spring for an unlimited plan. Go figure. Anyway, he did not like this phone because it is not a "flip" type. Otherwise, the phone is great and I have no complaints about the merchant. Just can't understand old people sometimes.... :)

I purchased the Snapfon for my 88 years old mother, who carries it with her even in her own house, just in case of emergencies.  She likes the panic button and the speed dials I have set up for her.  She likes the big screen which stays lighted long enough for her to see if it's me or my brother phoning her.  And she likes the big numbers.  It began to work immediately when I placed the ATT SIM card in it from her previous cell phone, an older one of my own, which gave her (and me) instant confidence in it.  It's exactly what I wanted when I began to look for it.  I can't understand why ATT doesn't offer this phone or something like it when I know there are many customers like me who have extra lines for their elderly loved ones.

I purchased this senior phone, the desktop charger and the lanyard for my 90 year-old mother, who, in addition to suffering from macular degeneration, is forgetful.  The concept is good and this phone is one of the few designed for seniors on the market. Followed J. Norvell's recommendation and went straight to ATT, bought their SIM card and had her home phone ported to the mobile device. The minuses are the fact that the phone is too lightweight, the display is too small for the elderly, it is not foolproof. Somehow my mother has set the phone to reject all calls. The desktop charger is also too small and lightweight for the elderly. This phone needs to be bigger, heavier and with fewer features. Waiting for some manufacturer to get clever and invent a cell phone that looks and feels like a land line.

Great phone, both my parents love it.Pro:Big numbers on keypad and screen.Loud. They can hear the speaker phone at a noisy bus stop.Con:The flashlight and radio accidentally switches on in your pocket, even if you activate the keypad lock, quickly draining the battery. Either remove these two features, or redesign the keypad lock to disable them, too.Despite this small flaw, will recommend phone to my elderly relatives.

very good phone, the reason i gave 4 and not 5 stars is because of the language; i wanted french language but it didn't have this option. too bad.

I bought two Snapfons and had them shipped to my mother in Florida for use in Jamaica, WI.  She was going on vacation and one phone was for someone living there.  She used it but enjoyed the radio and light most of all.I bought one for myself.The reception was very bad, weak.  I had trouble hearing communicating on it.  It was nice to have the radio and light, but I would prefer to phone to have worked....  My friends phone fell apart, buttons started falling off and just stopped working.

i bought this phone for my mom and she love it, its easy to use with a big keypad and display plus the emergency SOS button on the back

This phone is defective: from day one of receiving this telephone (March 6) the speed dial feature did not work;the SOS contact settings feature did not work; and by May 6, 2014, I could no longer hear the callers voiceswhile the callers could hear me.  I am now stuck with a bad product after just two months as Amazon returnpolicy expired after one month.  This is truly a shame and just bad business.  I hope the Nokia X2 phone I orderedfrom Amazon yesterday will not be of a similar experience.

Purchased this phone for my elderly 80 year old father.  He has just had surgery and is headed to rehab for a hip replacement.  This phone is loud enough for him to hear, it lights up so that he can easily find the numbers and the are very large!! The largest keys that I have found.  The phone is user friendly and I reccomend this phone to anyone!!!

Excellent phone for intended users - seniors. If you need all the bells and whistles, maybe you aren't old enough to value simplicity of Snapfon2. It is exactly what I need.

Very good for basic functions i.e calling and receiving. I bought it for a beloved elder person with weakening eye sight and it is perfect for him. He can see the numbers well, and the voice function that confirms what number you have dialled is very usefeul too. He is happy with it.

We purchased this phone to replace our land line. It is  as it was advertized but thought it would be easier to use. Product was not as good as I expected.

Bought this phone for my 85 year old father who was having difficulty using his cell phone which was small with very small keypad and too many unnecessary buttons.  I had never bought a phone other than from our carrier, so wasn't sure I could set it up to work, but it was incredibly easy!  Just took SIM card out of his old phone and slid it into this one.  Voila, working phone!  Didn't have to change carriers or worry about reception of alternative company, etc.  Easy to program and just super simple to use!  He has problems learning anything new but got onto this phone very quickly.  I highly recommend this phone for the older senior citizen!!

We added my father in law (79 - with very low vision) onto our ATT plan to save him $$. He had to get a new phone (he has used a cell for a long time) in order to be with ATT. I found this and ordered it online. It seems to be the best one for simplicity and features for low-vision. Even the ATT staff said they don't have anything as 'clear' and simple as this.He is getting used to it. The only drawback we can see so far is the sound quality is BAD. The first time he called us--I had no idea who was calling - his voice had changed! Sounds like he's talking through a filter.The phone is light and about the size of a deck of cards. Another reviewer said the keys feel like 'cheap calculator keys' and that's correct. As long as it holds up, it will be fine (keep the packaging and warranty info). Dad doesn't use his cell all that much anyway.

Got this for my father, who uses a hearing aid.  Although he can certainly hear well when the phone is not on speaker, he does prefer speaker.  It is also easy for him to use (big buttons, big display).

I bought two of this cellphones and I gave them to my grandmothers (around 83 years old). They both loved it, it's easy to use and all sounds are very loud (they always said that they didn`t hear the phone, now they say that they are not deff haha) and the screen and the numbers are so big they can actually see what they need. It has only the basic things, which is exactly what my grandmothers needed. The SOS button is very good if something happens, and the other buttons around the cellphone are so easy to use.The only issue I saw (I don`t know if I am wrong or if the cellphones I received have something wrong but the issue I say), is that the +/- button (at the side of the cellphone) is to change the volume of the keyboard and if you want to change the volume of the ringtone you need to wait until someone calls you and then you can change the volume. Off course there are other &#34;easy&#34; ways to change the ringtone volume, but for an 83 year old person &#34;only 3 steps&#34; are a lot, and I simply could not teach them how to turn off the volume. I had to tell them to turn off the cellphone when they where in church but I was not so happy with this and I really think that the manufacturer should change this. If they are in church, it would be great that they move the +/- button up or down to change the volume, because this way is so easy.

I got this for my Mom directly from Snapfon.com. Mom was using her old Razr for texting but it started acting up and she was having trouble pressing the right buttons. So I got her this thinking it would be easy to use, and the buttons would be easy to press.If someone only used this like a phone and didn't use speed dials, it would be fine. The buttons are large and easy to press, and the big screen makes it easy to see.But the phone is absolutely horrible for texting. The menus are terrible, and require far too many button presses to complete any action. The documentation was incorrect -- we had to call the company twice just to get the thing activated and the voice mail set up, because the directions that were given didn't work. The manual makes reference to things (like speed dialing) that are not explained. The charging station is very spotty and doesn't work well.Support is absolutely terrible. They are only open until 4:30 our time and Monday-Friday. And frequently when I called their 800 number, I got a busy signal!  They are a PHONE service and they don't have a hold queue to accommodate their customers? Worst yet, we decided to take them up on the 30-day return guarantee. But it's 30 days from the day you order it online, to the day they receive it back in the mail. This actually gives you more like 20 days to actually try the thing out. Most companies simply require you to get an RMA within the return window, but Snapfon doesn't work that way.Our family has been in crisis with Mom in and out of the hospital, so things got crazy and we lost track of time... I called on day 31, and was out of luck. They wouldn't even let me speak to the manager.We will be changing service and eating the cost of the phone. I would never recommend this phone or the service to anyone.

I purchased this phone for my 86 year old mother who lives in another state.  When it arrived she liked all the features it had, hearing aide user friendly, large buttons, an emergency button, etc.  However, the phone did not function as expected so she contacted the company that sells it and was able to get tech support who determined that there was something wrong with the phone.  They suggested returning it to the vender (Amazon).  I can say that her experience with their tech support was satisfactory however since the phone didn't work I gave it the lowest rating.

I bought an AT&T no contract card for my Snapfon from AT&T. They installed it in the phone and pronounced it OK. However, the signal strength is poor, and I have not been able to send or receive using the Snapfon. I have two other AT&T phones with similar cards, and, at the same location, they work normally, so that the fault is with the phone not the location.It is a great idea, but a lousy phone. I have returned it for credit to Amazon.

Looked like this phone was going to be the answer for my 85 year-old mother-in-law who is hard of hearing and tech-challanged,  Was very impressed and happy with the loudness and ease of use for her initially.  Within one week, the phone would no longer charge and was useless.  Larry whom I contacted on 8/28/13 with my issue, decided it was probably a bad battery and that he would ship one right out to me to arrive to arrive within 2-3 days.  On 9/5/13, had still not received the battery as promised.  Thank God I had not  yet trashed my mother-in-law's previous phone as yet.  On 9/5/13, I spoke to Katie who indicated that Larry had  not followed thru on shipping the battery and that she would do so that day.  Today is 9/11/13, and still no battery.  If I don't get this battery very soon, you'll be getting the whole phone with accessory back.

Gr8 phone for seniors - bought it for my 84 year old mom - not the most patient or tech savvy.1-Large back-lit buttons2-Audible confirmation of numbers dialed3-Convenient SOS button conveniently located4-Very senior-friendly charger which uses a round pole to connect to the phone and not a USB-like head with subtle sidedness which requires mindful and correct insertion to avoid damaging either the charger or the phone5-Good size - easily held6-It's just a phone and can handle calls and SMS (texts) like a simple phone should.7-Used it outside of the US with absolutely no problem

I recently purchased the Snapfon for my mother for Christmas.  She gave up her previous cellphone, thinking she didn't use it enough to justify paying for a plan.  Then I researched the Snapfon.  She hasn't received it yet, but I think it will work beautifully for her needs.  With the help of the technicians at Snapfon, I was able to set her phone up in no time at all.  Chelsea was most helpful in getting the phone activated and instructed me on general information I needed to know to program her contacts as well as answering any questions I had.The phone has many great features, but the one I like best for my mom who, is in her 80's, is the SOS button on the back.  If there is an emergency of any kind, for example if she should fall and is unable to dial numbers, she simply pushes the large red button on the back and it will immediately send out text messages to four numbers that are programmed into the SOS feature of the phone.  Once the text messages are sent, it will start dialling the numbers that are programmed until there is an answer.The sound is clear and the signal is great.  But most of all, the service representatives at Snapfon are top notch!  I feel secure knowing that if my mom should have any technical issues, she will be politely talked through a problem and will be able to handle it on her own which contributes to her sense of independence which she values so much.Thank you Snapfon for making such a good product and for putting into place individuals who put customer service as a top priority.

It is much easier for my wife to use.  She is manually handicapped, but is able to lift it to her ear.  She is able to hear the caller and though her voice is very low, she can also be heard by the person on the other end of the phone.  Because of a severe stroke she is unable to dial the number herself, but all things considered it is much better than other cell phones I have tried out for a person who is severely handicapped.

Easy to use- If you want just a phone, this is the right product. Easy to setup- Insert SIM (AT&T Pay As You Go), and start making calls. Great Product.

This is the second Snapfon I've purchased for my mother. It is a royal pain to activate through Snapfon and Puretalk combined. I can't get this one activated; the companies don't have help desk support on weekends and limited East Coast hours (if you live on the west coast and work, you might as well forget about it). If you email them, they call, leave a message, and tell you to call their 800 number - get ready for a long long wait. My mother is 95 and needs something that is larger and that she can see, but voice quality through Puretalk has never been good. ARRRGGGHH!Phone was finally activated - apparently it was the old phone I was being assured was working. The information I received from Puretalk wasn't complete. I still wish that the service from Puretalk was clearer, though.

Wish someone would design a cell phone for the elderly that is designed like a land line handset.My mom (83) keeps turning the phone off instead of simply hanging up.  She is frustrated that the voice volume can't be increased, as she is having trouble hearing people. She has no interest in the light or radio, but they don't cause a problem being there.  I still need to read the directions and teach her how to pick up voice messages.  I have some problem hearing her as I believe she may have the microphone pressed against her cheek.  A longer design would help that.  We bought this for her assisted living apartment.  A land line would have been $40 per month plus $.90 per minute for long distance.  That said, it does work, the buttons are large enough for her to see, and we were able to add her to our AT&T; plan for much less than $40 per month.

I really like the phone, it does what it's supposed to do and is easy to use for my aging parents. One thing that can be confusing is that when numbers transfer from the sim card the phone doesn't distinguish between a cell # or a home # for the same person. So you will see two entries of the same name in the directory and there's no way of knowing if it's the cell or the home #, until you dial.I like that it has a loud ring, big buttons, and the battery lasts a few days between charges.

This phone is a good basic phone for someone that doesn't need all the bells and whistles.You just have to watch the 911 button on back as my wife called twice by accident.

I bought this phone for my mother and she loves it. She doesn't have the best sight so the big numbers is a PLUS and the SOS feature is really nice to have. It is really nice to know that all she would have to do is just hit one button in case of an emergency. We also like the size of the phone...it is not bulky or too small. (JUST PERFECT) We don't have anything bad to say about this, so if you are looking for a phone that is easy to use, easy to deal with, and is SIMPLE, then this would be your PERFECT PHONE! Thank you Snapfon!!

There are two brands of large button phones, Doro and Snapfon. I first owned a flat as opposed to a flip Doro phone and it was defitely a 5 star phone. The charging mechanism on the phone broke and I tried to find another all over the intenet but could only find a flip Doro phone. I am 82 years old and cannot easily operate a flip phone.Since I could not find a flat Doro phone I purchased a large button flat Snapfon phone from Amazon It is ok but not as sophisticatated as the Doro. It is not as easy to use as the Doro phone and the directions for using it are very poor and took me and hour trying to figure how to get all the settings set correctely.Since I could not find another flat phone Doro, the Snapfon phone is really the second best for senior citizens and I do recommend it.

Great product for my hard of hearing dad.  Very user friendly, but best of all when using the speaker portion of the phone he can actually hear what is being said to him.

I ordered this phone for my 89 year old Dad who lives in an assisted living facility.  He is having difficulty using the phone and there were many times when he unknowingly either shut it down or touched buttons that caused some settings to change.  For instance, just yesterday a family member was helping him use the phone and found it to be switched to silent mode.  This stuff has been happening continually since he got the phone a few weeks ago.The speaker phone is difficult for him to operate, also.  You have to hold the 0 button down when you are on a call.  My Dad can't hear it very well when he first answers it and he takes it away from his ear to look for the zero to get the speaker phone to function. It takes him a little while to get it all settled and sometimes loses the caller.Sometimes when he ends the call, if he presses the red button down too long it shuts the phone down and he doesn't realize it.I never wrote a review before but I think this is very important for others to know.  A flip type phone seems like it would be better because there would be less chance of hitting the keys when the phone is in his pocket.  There's no way he could remember to lock and unlock the phone each time.  I do not recommend this phone.

I purchased this phone for my for husband because he wanted one that had an easy to use dial.  The only thing I don't like is how hard it is to get any information out of the phone.  To many steps to put in contacts and check voice mail, but it works for an emergency phone for my husband.

My mom loves this phone. Easy to use, as simple as it gets.  Great phone for the elderly!  Thank you

I purchased this phone for my mom who is 75 and has had problems hearing on other phones. She can hear great on this phone and can hear it ring too. Love the nostalgic ring tones

For the price, I was disappointed in the quality of the phone.  It was very light and looked cheap.  I hope it holds up.  Customer service was only available during working hours.  The phone was very easy for me to teach my mother to use.  The big numbers are a plus and she liked the flashlight.

I love this phone. As a 96 year old man I need that sense of independence that comes with keeping in contact with friends and loved ones, and this phone is just the right size to fit my hands.  The big numbers pad is great for my fingers, also its light weight so nothing to hang down my pocket. The best feature is that it calls out the numbers as I press them so i know if my fingers made a mistake instead of wasting time and money on wrong numbers.  The number pad slide lock is brilliant because the other phones were too difficult to lock and unlock, this is just slide. With this phone you are sure that someone gave a lot of though into how us seniors operate and it problems we encounter. GREAT PHONE.

I bought this phone for my 83-yr-old mother because she never used her other pre-paid phone. I think she was intimidated by it.  This phone could not be simpler, and I was impressed by the features for the price.  I just set up her contacts in speed dial and taped them to the back of the phone with instructions how to listen to her voice mail.  Now to get her to take it with her when she leaves the house . . .

My husband is legally blind .  This is the first phone that he has been able to adjust his needs to.

My Mother is getting on in years and like many in her generation needs a simple phone.  This one seems to fit the bill and although she had some trouble at the start she seems to like it now.  I live a few hundred miles away from my Mom so I couldn't help her set it up.  I tried to talk her through it on another phone to no avail but a family friend got her up and running without any problems.The on-line videos are very instructive and very well organized.  One of the main reasons I purchased this phone was that it was compatible with the AT&T; SIM chip ... that worked perfectly.  I will set up the other features of this phone on my next visit but overall I consider this to be a good value.

..... this phone was more durable and was easier to access or scroll through the names & numbers. If I recall, you have to press a certain button to access the directory before you can scroll down or up for the person or place you want to call.

Now after having and using the phone for several months I have found a major discrepancy. That is its poor to no receptionin enclosed buildings. No problem in a house with windows but in an enclosed brick or concrete building with no windows, forget it.Otherwise I do like the phone and its loud rings.

For a senior phone, it actually has too many options,  like the camera. It has good features, like speed dial and voicemail speed dial by pressing and holding the one button.  It would be great if the volume was louder or if you could make hands free the default. Also, a flip phone might be a better design, like the jitterbug. You flip it open and get a dial tone. And volume should be clearly marked. On the side is too easy to accidentally touch it. I do like being able to put in my t-mobile sim and it works.

Great phone for my grandmother.  Its hard to find a simple, easy phone in today's smartphone driven world. Very happy with the purchase.

i got this for my brother-in-law, he never leaves the house but sometimes calls family and friends out of state but only like 35 mins a month so he can get service for $10, just like adding a line on most contract plans but it allowed us to get out of our verizon contract and switch to straight talk from walmart for $60 for our 2 phones (we save $70 per month) and hes still paying the same $10 he was with a phone that is more suited to him.. it has large #'s and it even has really cool ring tones like dragnet theme song lol.. just make sure the pure talk service works in your area and it'll be great,, this phone has better signal (4 bars) than my lg chocolate touch did in sanford and fayettville nc with verizon..

Good & not so good. Pretty easy using feat ures but I don't think the signal strength is as shown. Both my wife and I use phones in very populated Phoenix area and reception not good. Have tried to use it in other populated area with same poor results. Other family members use AT&T; like snaphone and get much better results in the same areas.Made for seniors but does not have quality they claim. Camera very poor only good in emergency. Cannot download pictures from desktop to phone not enough memory. Could have purchased better phone at not much higher price.

I surely recommend it. Spanish and English supported languages!My father now calls me everyday! He's joyful and very glad I bought this for him.

It has a lot of good features for old people. Big buttons, bug print, very loud sound. Emergency button is probably great but we haven't mastered it yet. On the not so great side, the menus could've been a little better and It looks a bit flimzy if looks are important to you.

My 81 year old Dad loves his. Bought this one for an older friend in nursing home. He loves it!!!

We replaced my 84-year old mother-in-law's near antique flip phone with an unlocked Snapfon.  I inserted the sim card and within a few minutes had the programming completed.  This is an ideal phone for anyone who wants a basic phone with large, easy to read and press keys.  Other features are well thought out for older users.  Highly recommended.

Bought this for my mom. She has dementia and is blind in one eye. She resides in a full care nursing facility and wanted a phone she could easily use. This is the only phone I have found that she can successfully use. Big numbers when pressed speak the number so dialing mistakes are down to almost zero. Numbers can be stored and then used for speed dialing so all she has to do is press a single number and listen and success.Guess this phone could be enjoyed by anyone but it excels for people that need a tad bit of help. It is a no nonsense simple phone. All I did to activate it was to go to AT&T; and have them put a SIM card in it.Update: The snapon2 that I received for my mom had 10 speed dial slots. For whatever reason I was notified that it only had 8. Not true in my case.

I purchased this phone for my 82-year old mother.  She finally gave up on trying to use it because it was so complicated for her.  Not at all "Easy to Use" as stated in the description. I gave it two stars because she did like the big, lighted numbers, and the ringer is very loud.  Aside from those pros, she hated it.  The areas on the sides of the phone where she was to hold it are so small that she couldn't help but hit the buttons on the side.  She kept accidentally turning down the volume, and then could not hear people speaking.  I set up her phone book, but it was so complicated for her to actually use the phone book and she had to press so many numbers that she might as well just dial the whole phone number outright anyway.  She previously used an old Nokia phone that has been discontinued.  The Nokia is simple for her to use so I just bought another battery for it online.  The Snapfon was not the right choice for my mother at all.

I got this phone for my dad. it is so easy, although I had to program it for him. It is loud for him to hear, and the dial is large to see. When he becomes to confused to use this phone, he will not be able to use any phone. The phone plan that you can get with it is awesome and cheap. no surprises on the bill.

I was looking for a simple- to- use phone for my mother-in-law, and this phone fit the bill.  The phone is easy to program.  The speed dial is a great feature.  Now all she has to do is push one number to make a call.  The keys are large, the read out is easy to see, and the ring is loud and clear.  This phone has restored my mother-in-law's contact with her family and friends.

The phone just delivers what the product description advertises: no more no less, and it actually works like a charm!

Purchased for my 91 year old Mom, and it is a great phone for her.  Very simple, easy to use.  Looks like a hand held calculator.

The special features of SOS does not work the rest radio flashlight and talk is great. oeration system in spanish and english

I bought this phone for my father (He is not in US). It got broken within a week. Doesnt start up. Upone restart the display shows just the 'snapfon' image. It is made up of cheap plastic. Not sure if it is eligible for return. Will never recommend anyone to get this.This is my first ever negative review.

This is the one I am looking for...My mom loves it! Excellent quality and easy to operate. And the 4-band / unlock spec will be a great convenience for traveling around the world.

I bought this phone for my father-in-law who needed a simple phone that would be easy to operate with tactile sensation as his visual ability is severely impaired. This phone works well for him and is not locked to a carrier which allows him to use it in his home country of Brazil and also use it in the U.S. when he is here visiting. The programmable presets for emergency numbers accessible from a large button on the back added extra peace of mind that is so valuable it is worth the purchase price for this feature alone. The build quality is rugged and after several months of use he is still very happy with this phone.

Lives up to their description. Numbers are large, screen is bright, when pressing the numbers the phone voices the numbers as you press. Very nice phone for seniors, especially the hearing and sight impaired. My father-in-law is 89 and I got one for him. After a few instructions, he is using it with no problems. My husband like the phone so much I ordered one for him and he loves it.

phone is sub standard and outdated; keyboard is too sensitive; audio speaker is poor, call log is poorly designed and sub standard.  Amazon service and follow  up is excellent however.

For a so-called "senior" cell phone, the designers seemingly have left out the things most seniors need most:1. Too small for shaky seniors. Most elderly people tend to shake quite a bit and they need something substantial to grab on to. This ain't it.2. Cheap plastics. Seniors tend to drop things. One drop onto a hard floor will render this phone useless.3. Complicated menu system. Seniors want (need) to simply push a button to bring up their contacts to make a call. Not on this phone. They need to go through a series of 4 menu selections to bring up their stored phone numbers.4. Inadequate earpiece volume. Seniors simply don't hear as well as they use to and will struggle to hear anyone that calls them.Not all is lost, however. Some good points:1. Big keys that speak to you as you dial.2. Loud ringtones that seniors can easily hear.Thats it. I would look elsewhere for your senior cell phone. It's difficult to believe that nobody makes a simple, durable cell phone that seniors can actually use. I guess I'll try a Jitterbug for my mother next time.

My mom really likes this phone; she has hearing aids in both ears and she is so happy to hear clearly without feedback. She can hear and recognize her own phone's ringtone and see all the keys without straining. It's a simple phone to learn. I was surprised and grateful how easy it was to use this as a replacement phone on her T-mobile account.

This phone is simple,  easy to set up, no contract,  very solid, incredible battery life.  Would like it to be louder on a call, but I am hard of hearing.Recommend!

This phone is ideal for my elderly mother.  When her old Nokia phone (which we really liked with it's large profile and large keypad)quit working, I purchased her a new phone from our local carrier but the phone was too small.  In fact, she couldn't use it so I had to return it which began my quest for an alternative.  Thank goodness for Snapfon!  It is simple to use with a large keypad and backlit screen.  It is easy to find the volume controls on the side.  The lanyard which I purchased separately was a must and I'm so thankful Snapfon makes it available as, before, mom's cell phone would easily get misplaced.  Not so anymore.  When I took Snapfon to my local carrier to have the SIM card switched over from her Nokia, the representative was astonished at the quality of the Snapfon and said he was going to recommend it to his customers who are looking to purchase for the elderly person in mind because he realized there is no better alternative for elderly cell phone users at this time.  I highly recommend this product.

Let me start by saying that my Grandpa is a very curmudgeonly person and very few things make him happy. Vanilla ice cream, M*A*S*H, his pair of boots that his pinky toes hang out of and his cigarettes are about all that I can think of. He can't hear well, he has little to no feeling in his fingers and he refuses to wear his glasses. *sigh*That being said - he freakin' loves this phone! He used to have one of those gianormous brick cell phones from the 80's. He had to give that up about 7 years ago - no - not kidding!! Since then he's had the same Nokia. Unfortunately he dropped it on the cement and it broke into a few dozen pieces. Never fear, he had a plan! He enlisted my mother to go down to the AT&T; store and buy him an identical phone. Surely they would have it. Surely! After almost 2 days of arguing and ATTEMPTING to explain to him that his phone was OLD... they didn't sell it anymore... and no you can't buy used phones from AT&T...; why don't they keep the used phones and sell them - IS  a good question, but we don't know the answer... Go ahead and write a letter to the president of the company... telling him we understood that he wanted to move to Canada now, to get away from the "Commies" who make cell phones... (He really needs his own show. He's quite animated and hysterical when he goes on rants) - my mother and I gave up! Then... I went on Amazon and searched for cell phones for seniors.I found this gem of a phone. I almost want one myself, I love the big numbers, its so cute. Before purchasing it I read that the numbers are almost as big as dimes - they are! I ordered 2, one in white and one in black - on a subsequent rant he complained first about not being about to see white lettering on black and then later, vice versa. He is currently using the white one and loves it to pieces. He can read it, the numbers are big enough for him to see, and the ringer is ear-shatteringly loud. He walked out to the street at our family business which is located on a frontage road along a busy freeway, and we stayed in the office and called him and we could hear the ringer from there - and he could hear us over the freeway traffic. Its very basic, no confusing screen or displays. Its got a programmable emergency button on the back. And the radio is fun too.The only cons we've run into is that he turns the radio on, on accident a lot and it does feel a little flimsy. BUT he is in is 80's and he still drives a big ol' bobtail truck and delivers palettes of goods for a living. He carries this phone around with him everywhere and has dropped it, left it in the back of a freezer truck and sat on it several times - and it still works.Give it a chance, its a good little - big numbered - phone.

we are really liking this phone, easy to read numbers, clear soundfor those, who like us, may have a few vision problems and/or hearing problemsthis makes it so easy

Got this phone for my dad. It's amazing for seniors. Big keypad and display screen makes it ideal for older people.

I bought the Snapfon for my mother and it is exactly what she needed. Large buttons, loud ring and theemergency button works great! The simplicity of usage is great!

This was for a relative in a nursing home. It is very easy to use and for her to understand. It was also helpful to control the volume when she needed more.  We are very happy with this purchase. I would do business with this company again.

I bought the Snapfon through Amazon.com for my husband, who has low vision. It's basic functionality, large numbered buttons and display, and incredibly loud ring are prefect for him. It is exactly what we were looking for - no frills and no buttons he can push accidently that cost us.

Purchased for 83 yr. old with no cell phone experience. User was able to learn the features in order to place and receive a call, but seemed to be worried about accidentally hitting the emergency button on the back. User probably won't use the camera-too much to learn at one time, at least for now.  Overall, simplicity and big buttons are an improvement for elderly over the usual cell phone, which is pretty much an obstacle for  those with impared vision or shaky hands.

Although the Snapfon is designed for and marketed to seniors, it is also well suited for an entirely different market:  world travelers.  The phone is both "unlocked" and a quad band phone, which means that it will work on virtually any phone system in the world that uses SIM cards.  Since the phone number is associated with the SIM card and not the phone itself, simply swap out the SIM card to have a local phone number in the US, Mexico, China, New Zealand, London, and most of the rest of the world as well.  Non-US SIM cards are typically inexpensive, usually less than $10 when purchased outside the airport.  As an added bonus, it's also a nice little phone that takes standard Nokia batteries and accessories.

I like the features and the ease of use, but the signal strength is poor, did not have problem with old phone signal strength.

Couldn't get it to work. At all. Just returned it.Give it two starts because it seems like a great idea and it seems to work for a lot of people, but be warned. A lot of people doesn't mean everyone.

My mom is 92 and loves her new Snapfon. She is legally blind but gets along real well with her new phone.

Bought the phone two weeks ago because I wanted a cheap unlocked phone.  It is a good deal paired with PureTalk's sim card.  So far havn't used it much because I want to try it out more before I junk my other big phone company cell.  My complaints so far is that the speaker is not as clear as I would like and the FM radio doesn't pick up any station. But all I wanted was a basic phone anyway. IMEI does not appear to be compatible for sim cards in Canada.

I was looking for a cellphone that my father who is 80 years old could use easylly. I have seen other brands but this one is quad-band so it will work with practically every carrier. I just inserted the chip sim and it started inmedatly so there is no to insert the pin code.The only cons of this cellphone are that the call sound is to loud and you can't change it, and that there is no way to change the languange.

My Mother didn't use her older cell phone for many reasons! Everything was too small, too dark and not loud enough! Now, she can use this phone much easier and even asked me to turn the volume down! It "talks" the numbers dialed which helps her know she is dialing correctly, and it's easy to see everything! Thanks for developing this so at least my Mother CAN use her phone! The 911- HELP button is also a good idea!

nice large buttons with speech. bought for my father who has sight issues. nice display easy to use (he still has issues using the menu) though it is quite clear and easy to use.

well, this phone does have big buttons, and has important functions on the side, but some of the functions (like adding contacts) are more difficult to do than most phones.  i tried to add some phone calls to contacts that my mother received, and i was not able to figure it out initially.  i am the one always helping others with their new phones and it is usually a breeze to add contacts.  the on/off and dial/redial and other functions are pretty straight-forward though.

This phone almost reminds me of a toy.  It is very cheaply made.  The charger didn't connect with the phone properly so we had to send it back.  We could not get a refund from Amazon because it had been more than 30 days.  We could not get a refund from the company that makes it, because we bought it from Amazon.  They would not send a replacement until they received the original phone (unless I wanted to pay a $55 deposit).  Basically my 81 year old mother had to go without a phone for over 2 weeks until this was all settled.  Holding out breath on the new one.....

I bought this for for my vision impaired son as an alternative to an expensive smart phone with accessibility software. The large buttons that speak their number when pushed make it accessible for him.He told me he had put his coat in the laundry hamper because he had spilled ketchup on it. When I threw it in the washing machine I did not check the pockets. When the wash cycles were done I lifted the coat from the machine and heard something rattle to the bottom. I knew instantly what had happened. I looked down and there was his phone, it's little flash light feature brightly lighting up the wash basin. I was sick, he had only had the phone for a month.I took the battery and sim card out and attempted to dry it with a blow dryer, waited until the next day, put it back together and turned it on. The phone loaded up, even rang when I called it, but none of the buttons worked. My son assured me he would replace the phone with his own money.Four days later I put the phone back together and tried it one more time, without much hope. Amazingly, this time, everthing worked!

My 83-yr.-old parents were always having difficulty with their former cell phone:  could not locate buttons easily, could not see the small numbers very well nor the "speaker" button.  Although this phone does not have to capability to be linked to a car's integrated Blue Tooth, they have found it is absolutely not a problem.  They just push the large, easy-to-see speaker button, and they are good to go!  And the volume is fantastic.  They love this phone!  When I was researching "phones for seniors", I had read that this is the ONLY phone which was specifically created with seniors in mind; with the aging demographics, you would think there would be more competitor companies doing the same.  Just be sure that you confirm that this Snapfon is compatible with your cell phone provider's plan...buy it from Amazon, bring it into your cell phone provider store, and they will have it working in 5 minutes.

Yes no glasses required and easy to use!  I had my 84 year old mother using it entering contacts etc in 3 minutes.Although still working on checking messages and how to do that.

Both Snapfone and PureTalkUSA told me this phone would work for my grandparents when I added them to my plan on PureTalkUSA's network.  The SIM cards all worked on the free phone that I got from PureTalkUSA, but the phone that I bought from Amazon, made by Snapfone, screwed everything up.  The phone would work, then not.  It has nothing to do with service, because my free phone has never had a problem or interruption in service.  There is nothing wrong with PureTalkUSA's service.  It is clearly the phone that does not work with it.  This phone may work with other services, but not with PureTalkUSA.On the bright side, my grandparents loved the huge numbers and the speed dial.  They also liked that it was lightweight, had a radio, and flashlight.  I really like the panic button option.  I could have it call me, my parents, and 911, and if the first the didn't answer it would send a &#34;HELP&#34; text.  Cool idea, but terrible execution with PureTalkUSA.

I simply transferred my mother's T-Mobile SIM card from her old flip cell phone to this phone and it works well.  We like the clear sound, no flip style, and look of the phone.  It was easy to set up applications and ring tones, and the videos on Snapfon website are great help when I had a question on set up.  It does have speaker phone (just press zero while talking is one way), silent setting, and other good features.  I think it was the best choice for my mother after extensive researching all options available.  The only thing so far I would improve would be the clock time display to white numbers over black background for easier visual for my mother since she is vision-impaired due to macular degeneration.  The purple tuff case is very pretty on this phone.

The Snapfon is perfect for me. I have Macular Degeneration and had trouble seeing my cell phone.  This phone makes it easy for me to dial and can be easily locked when carried in my purse.  My minutes were  transferred from T-Mobile with no trouble at all.  A great help to me
