
This is a great phone if you do a lot of texting but do not want intertnet access with the costof data plans. It is also a good price at Amazon.com

This product is not working as well as they said it would.said there was slight use and there was more.  But it is a used phone.

love this phone. last of its kind,  did not change my old plan, it is not a smart phone but offers 3g, touch screen and keyboard, internet,has great speakers, etc... so much better than the newer phones offered. that are offering less capabilities.

With a case on, I dropped it once and the screen fell out. So unhappy I wasted my money on a cheap phone that was scratched up and half broken when I bought it.

I purchased this as a gift for a friend and he was thrilled to receive it. The phone, though used, was in excellent condition and my friend couldn't be happier! This Birthday gift was a home run!

I like the phone, it's got a nice thin design.The color is pretty cool.The refurbished phone we purchased malfunctions slightly every now and then.I really like that the model has a "lock" button on the left side. I used to be famous for pocket-dialing, but with the lock button I don't have to worry about that!The phone is over-all good. I would not reccomend getting a refurbished one, however, unless you are a patient person.The customer service was excellent.The product arrived earlier than was expected.I would buy from them again.

This phone was the exact one he wanted & he was glad when it came in green because that's his favorite color. Thank you.

I'm not into smartphones as I'm always near a computer and feel that data plans and such are a waste; I only use my phone for occasionally snapping a picture or two, calling, and texting mostly.This is my first phone with a touchscreen functionality so it was weird that I had no buttons to navigate. Now that I played around with it a bit, I find it so much fun to click and drag! I don't even have to give up the slide-out QWERTY.This phone WILL automatically add a $10/mo data plan to your phone. You CAN ask Verizon to cancel the data plan (and block it on your number if you wish) and still be able to use the phone like any basic phone.

Just as described in the ad. My son is super pleased with it! Nice phone for a 14 yr old.

Nice product and features.  For a basic phone it performs as it should, and the slide-out keyboard is definitely a plus.  Take note, however, some of the ads on this phone are less than clear.  This is not a SmartPhone.  But, for basic voice and texting works just fine.

Inexpensive, easy to use, keypad is a tad bigger than some so super nice to type.Not sure I like the touch part but that's any touch phone. Miss the ease of the flip when talking cradled in my shoulder without hands.Didn't like that the headphones are different than the other phones we have. So now I need to buy one with a different adaptor. Also for some reason it won't find  my bluetooth but maybe that's operator error. So far out in the middle of no where it seems to work as well as my LG which is a switch. Usually LG are the only ones I get this much service with.

Mother and teenage daughter already have this type of phone and they work well and are easy to use, so we got a third unit for another child.  It's only 3G but that's exactly what we wanted.  This new unit works as well as the ones we already have (which are 3 years old now - btw).  Great phone!

They send me phone that didn't work&that was pass used,I had to pay to send them back&they took 14 more days to give me my money back they didn't ask me if they could send out new phone or anything.

This phone is wonderful for a basic (non-smartphone).  I like the touchscreen as well as the mechanical keyboard so it is not difficult to text. I also like the fact that you can personalize it, unlike verizon's new basic phones they are now offering. This phone came here speedily and is very ajustable to one's preferences.

I received this phone quick in the mail and seem to enjoy it so far.  I noticed that in the pictures listed that there are removable hard cases to fit it yet I never received these extras.  I did get all the chargers which is important.  Overall good buy.

I love the phone, but it is pretty fragile.  I think that if I buy a case for it, I will feel much more comfortable carrying it around.

I had this phone for les than a year now .Suddenly, the phone stop working it does not charge nor power on.I will not recommend it to any body

this phone has everything i need, talk, text, internet, music, and pictures. better than my old phone thats for sure.

I bought this phone for my 13 year old daughter. She loves it.  Came in perfect condition and quickly.  She loves the touch screen and the slide out keypad.  Great basic phone!

Very HAPPY with the purchase of the Samsung Reality phone for my son. He had broken his 1st phone & he was not up for renewal for another couple of months, so we decided to purchase a used (not expensive) phone. Even though this phone was not brand new, it came to us in very good condition. He was very happy with it and we were happy too! I have always had great purchases through Amazon and will continue to buy items here. Thank you for the great experience.

I chose this rating because I am severely dissatisfied with this product. The screen is scratched very badly and there is paint all over the keypad. I was not warned about this and am very disappointed in this phone.

The phone I bought was over hundred dollars and it was a birthday present meant for my mother. She got the phone activated and it worked for about a week. Then out of no where it started freezing, the buttons didn't work, she could not pick up phone calls, read text messages or anything! I am severely disappointed with this product especially since I spent over hundred something dollars on such an up to date phone. There had to be something that went wrong with this phone with a previous owner or the previous damage done was not fixable or even able to be hidden. I am severely disappointed and would like to have a refund, but there is no point. I don't want another phone from this seller because I no longer trust this seller. I have bought phones before from Amazon among other sellers on this website, and I have never ever had one single problem or glitch happen with any of the phones I've ever bought. I am very upset and now my mother is left without a phone because of poor service and an untrustworthy seller.

Returned it. Wouldn't keep a battery charged. Same problem I had with my other Samsung Reality. Plus, it was scratched and battered. Won't ever buy a used phone again. Worth the extra money to just get a new one.

This was my first phone I had bought off line. I was very worried that it wouldnt look new and it wouldnt work. But I trusted the seller and read all the reviews and I am very very happy. The phone arrived as described by the seller. Looks brand new and I even got a phone charger with it. Very happy and I will order again from this seller when I need a new phone. Thank you!

I've had this type of phone before and I like it. This one however has given me a couple of problems. I can't charge it in my car and text at the same time. It goes blank and shuts off. Where you charge it and the speaker appeared not clear/clean. It looks to be worn and rusted...like it's not new.

Product is great, great texing talk wonderful picture messaging but no way to get the internet would explain its s simple phone but otherwise I'm keeping it its just not what I'm used to

The phone is working great, I have no problems with it. Unfortunately there were more damages done to the screen than I thought. The screen has a lot of scuffs/scratches. The screen looks like a used screen protector that's been used for a long time. When I slide the phone up to get the keyboard it doesn't slide smoothly it's a bit ruff. But the phone is great like I said before. It works just fine.

This phones battery and charging port is terrible . I put it on the charger at night and then the next morning I wake up and it's on low battery .  I hate that .

Love this phone, it's one of the best feature phones out there.  I was trying to replace the same phone but the replacement didn't work.

Got this phone for my daughter , she loves it, she is not a big fan of the full touch screens so this phone fit her perfect .

this phone works great. much better than any other phone that i have had. works like it should haven't had any problems and i don't think i will

I've only been using this phone for a few days but so far I'm really happy with my choice.  Texting is easy and I love that it groups texts by name.  This is a feature mostly seen with just the smart phones.  As a another reviewer mentioned, this phone does NOT need a data plan, which is one of the reasons I bought it.  I just needed a phone for calling and texting.  Unfortunately Verizon doesn't offer much in the way of basic or multimedia phones so I had to buy this used.  I would have gave this five stars but the phone sticks when I slide it open.  I attribute this to the fact that it is used though in nearly new condition.

Had this sqame phone before.  Great reception and  easy to use. Phone fits our needs.Would recommend  to others.  Nice color

I had a great experience with David. He took care of me extremely well and made sure I was satisfied with my order. Very happy with the customer service here.

The phone was everything that my wife wanted andthat is what makes it perfect.  It is one of a veryfew phones that will work on the new Ford Sync systemWITHOUT having to pay the phone carrier for a data pack.

I ordered this phone from Cellular Direct. Shipping was prompt, phone was new, as advertised, so I am very happy with my purchase. The only thing I didn't like was that the phone came with a generic charger (not Samsung made). Other than that,  It's a great Mother's Day gift for my mom!

1St phone wouldn't activate. te seller went a new one promptly along w/ pre paid envelope w/ easy, no hassle return. when the new phone arrived it was not as nice cosmetically as the 1st . it had scratches. I did not request another phone bc it was for my 11 year old. However, I don't think a teen, or adult would have been happy w/ all the scratches. Nevertheless , the phone works great & serves the purpose.

Phone was brand new and it works perfectly. Had the same phone before but it broke, but this replacement is just as great.

this phone is amazing and all but buying it used is nonsense. the battery is poor and weak and the charging port is damaged. the back of the phone is all scratched up so I had to buy a case for it. if you want to buy this phone, don't buy it used because it is horrible

I purchased this for my daughter.This phone is good if you don't want a data plan (thoughyou must go to Verizon to activate without a data plan).It's great for texting as it has a QWERTY keyboard.

this phone works great when it's working. great call quality, fast image processing, intuitive menu system, and a surprisingly high quality screen resolution to boot. however, drop it once, and the entire touch screen will come loose and fall out of the casing. it's quite a strange sight to see, and it can be up to a $45-$75 repair when it happens. and if it happens once, it will happen again even more easily than the first time.summary: excellent phone for someone who does not quite need a smart phone, but if you buy it, you simply MUST purchase a hard protective case that will help hold the screen in place. Unless, that is, you enjoy spending $75 every time your phone touches the ground.

I thought I was getting a Brightside phone, and when this came I was initially upset.  The phone works great and I am getting used to it.  The only thing I dont like is the additional ten dollar data charge that comes with it.  I didnt want a data plan :(  Thought it was a basic phone

sent this back it was even more crap then the one we had - seller shipped it fast though, 4/5 on shipping, 1/5 on quality. Defiantly was not new or like new.

So when I was looking to order a new(used) phone the one that I ended up ordering said that it was a city red samsung reality in "like new condition". However when it arrvied it has a majorly beat up screen, the cover for the power cord is missing, when you look at the battery it has had water damage, in short it has had a rough life. Also it is Piano Black, not City Red which is fine but it would have been nice to know.It does work and with a new cover it looks fine. Still I would have rather spent $10 more dollars and had a phone that was in better condition.

Exactly what I needed.  The keyboard is perfect for texting and the phone is very easy to use.  Great for anyone not wanting a smart phone.  Seller described perfectly and shipping was fast.

The Phone Appeared To Be New ,But When We Plugged It Up And Charged It within Minutes It WaS Dead. Then After A Few Minutes It Would Show Full Charge Again. It Drops Calls. My 13 Year Old Son Saved His Money To Purchase The Phone. I Will Not Order Any Other Electronics From Amazon Again!!

this phone i love its eazy to use i give it an A++ thank you for selling it to methank you again

I received this phone earlier than anticipated. It has worked great as my port was damaged in my current phone and my upgrade date is very close. I am actually beginning to like it more than my original.

I like this phone because it is similar to my Samsung Reality SCH-U370... (Which died a sudden death unexpectedly.) I did not want a data package and after numerous research, I almost ruled it out because everything said you had to have a data plan with this phone.  But, one reviewer, helped me so much!!!  He didn't want one either.  Dealing with Verizon (which can be no pleasant thing...) can be challenging.  But you can ask to have the data package dropped and a data block placed on the phone.Great phone...Highly Recommended!

The phone did not charge on arrival, called Ross and they had me send the phone back.  The lady at Ross was very helpful and I would buy from them again.THANKS!

Prompt delivery. Easy activation. Working as designed. Wife having a good time learning all the features. A nice little phone.

I was trying to find a phone that did not require a data package.  According to Verizon, this phone does require one.  I had to cancel my order, but it was not the seller's fault.***UPDATE: This evening I have talked to three Verizon CSRs and received three different answers on the data plan issue.  I am going to confirm tomorrow and update this review again with a definitive answer (that is in writing).*** LATEST UPDATE: I just had a conversation with Verizon concerning this phone.  According to the CSR I spoke with, and confirmed by his supervisor, when you activate this phone, they will automatically add a $9.99 data plan that covers 75MB of data.  However, you can request that the data plan be removed and that a data block be placed on the phone.The latest information satisfies my concerns and I have requested that the seller rescind my cancellation request and ship the phone. I will be back later after I activate the phone to let you know how my wife likes it.  Stay tuned.

The phone came as described, brand new and still in the box. I was also very surprised at how fast it arrived. I think it was about 3-4 day. Verizon had no problem activating it onto my plan and there were no hidden fees at Verizon so that was nice.The battery that came with the phone was not a good one and they had no control over that. So I had to buy a new battery and when I told them that, they were more than willing to help cover that cost. The person who emailed me was very sorry about it and he was also very nice.I would recommend them to anyone and I will make future  purchases with them.

I ordered a phone from here, because I needed a &#34;new&#34; phone since my old one died. The phone got to me a little later than the expected date, but that was because of the snow storms and awful weather (not their fault at all). The first phone I received didn't work. I emailed them about it, and they emailed me back shortly after. They sent me another phone (that works great), and a package to send back the other one that didn't work. Their customer service and response time is great. They were extremely helpful.

The phone was great for the first 6 months.  Then it started doing crazy things.  Taking pictures for no reason, volume changing for no reason.....  So contacted the seller - JUST CELLULAR...  They said, sorry, we only help you out for 30 days, then you are out of luck.  I tried to work with them, and this is the email responce that said, Sorry to bad, can't help you.I will NEVER purchase another phone from them and will NOT recommend JUST Cellular to anyone!

Purchased this as a replacement for my 13 year old after his previous one was dropped from the bleachers and the screen cracked. Its a good basic phone with touch screen and slide out key board as he requested but isn't a smart phone, so doesn't require a data plan. Came promptly and packaged well.

The phone came delivered as promised and with all the information on how to operate the phone and was completely satisfied with the packaging. Phone was in excellent shape and I would recommend to everyone needing a new phone to use this company.

The construction quality of this phone is horrible.  The first one we got just stopped working one day.  Probably the digitizer, because it would charge and turn on but the screen was unresponsive making the phone mostly useless.  The people we ordered from were excellent and replced the unit, and that one worked until my daughter dropped it and the digitizer came off.  I purchased a replacement digitizer, which is a pain to install, but it worked for a little while.  My opinion is that the digitizer cable does not attach securely enough.  You slide it into a slot and it just sits there, and if it doesn't stay in the slot properly there is no contact and the darn screen is no longer responsive.  Based on the number of forum complaints, I'd say this is a common problem.  My advice...look for another phone, especially if you are not comfortable taking apart electronics

I wanted and purchased City Red, I got blue.  I just hope it works. Makes a good battery charger though.

We rate this cell phone as good to excellent.  The audio and video qualities are very good for a phone in the under $100 range.
