
Overall the phone is absolutely fantastic.  It does everything you want a smartphone to do and it does it smoothly, efficiently, and easily.  I've been waiting to get a smartphone and I always knew I would never get an iPhone.  The Samsung Galaxy SII is a step above the prior generation without a doubt.  The front camera looks gorgeous at 2 megapixels, the back camera is great (although photos will look better on the phone than on your computer due to the screen).The Gingerbread operating system is smooth, looks beautiful and works very very well.  And the phone will be able to easily update to the Ice Cream Sandwich operating system which Android should release in a few months.But, as with all good things, the phone is not perfect.  There is one glaring flaw: the battery life.  It's terrible, plain and simple.  With moderate usage, the battery will last a day.  Definitely nothing more, and if you're not careful, you can easily accidentally kill your battery by the evening.  The phone is maybe a little too powerful and roughly half the battery use is simply due to the operating system - having nothing to do how much you use it.If you're looking at this, you're also looking at the HTC Vivid - AT&T;'s other 4G LTE phone.  Even with the problem of battery life (the HTC Vivid reportedly has better battery life), everything else about the Samsung Galaxy SII is better than the HTC Vivid.  For the same price, go with the Galaxy SII over the HTC Vivid.

I've had this phone replaced 3 times and every time I have the same problem of getting my text messages delayed, even when I have full service. Sometime when I have full service it just won't call people. On multiple occasions I have had full service and people have called and it doesn't even ring or show up and then I just get their voicemail. More then once I have called my phone while it was in my hand with full service from another phone and while the other  phone was ringing, my galaxy didn't even show a missed call. To get my texts a lot of the time I have to text someone or call someone and then will all come in at once. I have lost lots of work opportunities from this phone dis-functioning. The evil brilliance of this phone has lost me money so that I can't afford to buy a new smart phone to replace it until my upgrade. I would not recommend this phone to any one, when I have had the same infuriating problem with 3 phones!

Can't say anything bad about this phone.It is very fast.Great call quality.Easy to call, text, access e-mail and internet.Light and nice looking.I upgraded because I need voice recognition to use with my Bluetooth headset. This works wonderfully. Calls the correct person, reads and composes texts very well.I have also started using the word recognition feature while I am composing texts. It is very good and convenient.Excellent camera with a flash and a front facing camera as well.I haven't used the video camera yet.

this phone is great the best I ever had and I use to own a iphone. This phone is perfect great pictures clear hd video. great flash on it. Make sure when using the flash that u kind of look away because it will blind you. Its great in the dark. I own the at&t version. 5 stars ...

I Bought it on the Black Friday and this is an amazing phone. I have used Iphone 4S(My room mate has it) but this is the best. The camera just rocks. I compared same pics taken by both the phones and this one is better. Not only the pictures video recording is also very good. I thought of buying a point and shoot camera, after using this camera I dropped that plan. The screen resolution and appearance is very good. You will feel good when you are using it. In the day light SII screen is better to Iphone's. Unless you are Apple only person you should buy this one. Battery is also good, I expected little more.

Despite everybody giving great review about this phone I have had nothing but problem with this device, to start out with poor battery life, despite all app. killer running, still the battery does not last even a day, second, wifi does not connect immediately on phone, thirdly, my pics and videos does not show up on stock application on this phone, ( called samsung , they are no help ) so after having this phone about a wk I ended up returning this device and no more headaches from android operating system, I think Iphones the best, no comparison to IPHONE 4s.

I've used smartphones and pdas for about a decade now. Not one has gotten me more excited. My last phone was an iPhone which was a fine phone. Switching to this phone made my iPhone seem rather pathetic. The sheer number of "cool" features is just outstanding. Some of my wow factor comes from Android, but the hardware is just amazing.Pros:-The screen (size and AMOLED)-Device size (nice and thin)-Standardized power port-Wireless syncing. No need to hook up to computer.-Call quality-Voice Control-Extremely responsive-Android market has been great-The camera is really goodCons:-Gets warm after bit-Can drain battery quickly if you're a heavy user-Can really use your data plan if not careful

If you're on the fence like I was about whether to try out the Samsung Galaxy S 2 or buy the new iphone, I say take the plunge. I took advantage of the penny cyber Monday deal because I couldn't rationalize spending an extra $200 and I'm so glad I did. This phone is awesome. I feel like a kid with this new toy that I really can't put down. It's so addicting. Keep in mind that this is my first smartphone. That being said, I'm am very accustomed to the iphone because I have been using my fiance's like it was my own for the last 4 years. He has the iphone 4 and was putting a lot of pressure on me to get the iphone 4S, but after seeing how fast my phone is he's jealous and is actually contemplating buying one as well.As for the extra size over the iphone it really doesn't bother me because the phone is very slim and extremely light weight. Sure, it sticks out a bit of my back pocket, but I hardly know it's there.Like I said before, the phone is fast. It can download apps within seconds and streams off netflix with no delay. The phone also has some amazing apps built in like the talking real time GPS navigation and the phone's uncanny ability to recognize my voice. This feature is amazing because it actually works. Yes, it actually recognizes my voice and turns it into typed text. This feature can be be used everywhere: text messages, the navigation, searching the phone and internet etc... Another great feature is the camera because it has a ton of photo settings. The trick is figuring out how to access them. I'm coming from a sony cyber shot phone so the camera is very important to me. I've only played with the camera a little bit, but so far it seems to be exceeding my expectations and I love the front facing and back photo and video cameras.The one big thing I don't like about the phone is that there is no instruction manual. There are a ton of features, but it's kinda like you have to just explore to discover them and that's a little annoying because you could be missing a lot. The phone comes with one fold out piece of paper that serves as an instruction manual and there's an android little guy on the main screen with some info, but it's just not enough. I would love something a little more indepth.

I just got this phone yesterday and, after spending a day with it I can say one thing: it's fast. It's super fast. However, there are a few caveats.First, the build quality. The back plate is flimsy plastic and, without a battery installed, flexes A LOT. Once you get the battery in, everything on the back is solid. But it still feels really cheap. With the understanding this was (hopefully) done to save weight, I could honestly live with a little bit more heft in the phone for a more solid build.Battery life is something else. For example, today the battery was done to 15% by noon, after being off the charges since 6:30AM. This is not acceptable. I'm hoping I had left something running and that's what killed the battery today, but we'll have to see. If this is the case, this is completely unacceptable. And this was on a light usage day. I hadn't been doing a whole lot of browsing or download. Or even playing games (none had been played, in fact). It was just listening to podcasts.I'm also finding it difficult to get my media off/on the phone. Coming from the iPhone world, I'm used to being able to go to one place to sync my music and podcasts from my PC to the phone. This, from what I've found so far, is not possible. However, this is mostly a limitation of Android and not specific to this phone.Other than my gribes and a (hopefully) bad day of battery consumption, I'm am loving the phone.

If you like androids this is a must have...camera is fantastic web browsing is fantastic the speed is fantastic best all around phone I have ever used.

The Samsung Galaxy S II is a wonderful, worthy upgrade over the Samsung Galaxy S (AT&T; Captivate).  The screen is a large, bright 4.3" Super Amoled Plus variety and is simply fantastic to look at.  Perfect black levels and fluid motion.The device itself uses Gorilla Glass and is very durable, well at least the front is, the back is a cheap, flimsy plastic cover over the battery, Sim, and Micro SD card slot.  The phone is thin and relatively light.  It uses a 1.2GHz Dual Core Samsung processor that is very quick and snappy.  It runs Android 2.3.6 and Samsung has already promised to upgrade to Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS - 4.0.3) hopefully around March or April (AT&T; dependent).The software is very quick and reliable and I have had very few problems with crashes or Force Closes.The "4G" is of the H+ variety and not of the LTE true 4G.

I bought this phone after upgrading from my IPHONE 3GS. The picture, Apps and functionality of the phone was great. The battery is horrible. I had several issues with it. First of all the phone has a beeping sound that starts when the phone is fully charged and plugged in. If you want the beeping to stop, you have to unplug it. Once I unplugged it, the battery indicator would show a fully charged battery (as expected). I would get no more than 3 hours of stand-by time on a fully charged battery and the phone would just shut off on me....no indicator, no warning...just "poof"...shut off. This happened to me several times when I was talking on it. I would try to turn it back on, and the phone would be dead!! I would have to plug it in and wait for it to start charging again before I could even turn it on. This happened to me several times. I went back to the AT&T store and they changed out the battery. Same problem. They changed out the phone....same problem. I had to switch back to my IPHONE 3GS. I couldn't take the unreliable battery issue anymore. I gave it two stars because of the battery issue alone....other than that....great phone.

This is an awesome phone. It does everything I need it to do, has a great camera. I absolutely love this phone!! Wonderful product!!

I haven't had it long, but so far I really like it.  It's nice that it's so light.  Hope it works out for me.

I bought the SG S2 as I was quite impressed with the reviews/features as I could find in various web sites. But when I got it, it is not  up to my expectation. I switched from Iphone to SG S2. I read that it has built in FM radio, but disappointed as it was not present when I got it.Good :  very good camera, good display, fast download/upload speeds.Bad : Battery life is horrible, need to charge it for 3-4 hours to fully charge it, Battery drains very fast even with moderate use. You need to carry the charger all the time else you can use the phone only for half a day.Phone gets heated which never happened in Iphone, Calls get dropped sometimes. Touch Keyboard no where near Iphone quality.Has a cheap plastic built.I am planning to return the phone and get another one

An excellent phone.  Have had no problems with this phone at all.  It has a great display and battery will last my 12 hour shift at work.

After waiting months for this phone to come out, its finally here. So far I am impressed with its super slim design, vivid display, and more than ample computing power. I get service where my previous phone never did and call quality is great. I am hoping the battery life improves after the initial power cycling. So far I have around 1 hour 40 minutes display on time during a 12'30" overall on time before the connect battery charger notification appears (this is without wifi or gps on). Overall, I'm satisfied with my purchase and I look forward to future custom ROMS like cyanogenmod for this device.

I previously had an iPhone 3G, I loved that phone but it broke and I wasn't ready to sign a new contract so I moved to Virgin Mobiles Optimus V. I liked that phone as it was my first step into the android world. I then bought (and returned) a Motorola Triumph which was supposed to be a good phone but it failed. I then finally decided to step up to the Galaxy S2 and while it's only been a few days I'm very pleased.Battery life:I started my day out yesterday around 5:30 am, as I drove to work I had a video podcast playing on the phone and that ran for around 30 minutes during my commute. I got to work and then started playing a little with the phone but mainly using it for web browsing and listening to Audio the remainder of the day. I did play some words with friends, downloaded a few new apps from the market and showed off the phone and by 1:30 pm I was at 60% battery life. Not bad to only use 40% in 8 hours. At that rate it's approx 5% battery per hour which tells me I can run this thing just like I was for approx 20 hours without it dying on me. This was PRE any optimization, I had wifi on, data on, etc.As for charging the phone, it seemed to charge just fine. I read other reviews where it was taking a long time to charge. I think it took the normal amount of time. That being said I was using a wall charger that came with the phone. If you charge via computer USB port it will take a bit longer.Construction:It's plastic and glass, no doubt about it but it is extremely lightweight but doesn't feel cheap. Samsung did a great job making this feel solid even though it is literally pencil thin. I don't have any issues with light leak or anything so far with the construction. Some people bash the back battery cover which is a thin plastic cover. In my eyes this is not important, Ive already ordered a cover to put over the phone so for me this is a non-issue.On-board memory:This phone comes with 16gig of on-board memory plus has a micro SD slot which can hold I believe up to a 32gig card. I currently have a 16 gig card which means my phone now has 32 gigs of memory. The phone is also pretty quick at reading the SD card, very little delay on boot up of the phone giving access to the applications which are stored on the card.ATT intigration:Aka, crapware. I don't want all the crap they install but with the right app you can actually hide what you can't uninstall. ATT did from what I understand put this motion control on which means you can put two thumbs on the screen and zoom in and out by tilting the device, this is sort of useless and I disabled it. (This may not just be ATT abut I thought I read it was). ATT also has a bug in the lock screen, if the phone turns off and you turn it back on the lock screen appears (if enabled.) Let the phone turn back off and then turn it on and the lock screen is bypassed. There is a simple fix by turning the lock setting to immediate which Samsung advises. You can also download alternative lock screens on the market to fix this. It's a silly bug that should never have made it passed the quality checks of samsung or ATT whoever was responsible for this defect.Camera quality:I played with both the front facing and rear cameras and both look good. I took several photos and am very happy with the quality of both cameras. I downloaded Skype and made a video call to my wife to test out the quality and it really looked good. (Who needs "facetime").Voice commands:Who needs Siri by Apple. this phone comes with its own voice commands integrated with Vlingo and and the phone will talk to you if you say "check schedule", it plays music, sends txt and emails, writes memos, etc all with the power of your voice. The one thing iPhone 4S is all about this phone has on-board. It may not talk back and ask you to reschedule a meeting due to a conflict but come on, the reality of me using that feature is very slim so it's not important to me.Overall I'm very happy with this phone. I thought it would be too big, it's not. In fact it's perfect size for typing on. I installed several apps like Widget Locker to customize the lock screen and add new sliders, Tasker which allows custom tasks so when my calendar shows I'm at work my phone auto changes to vibrate mode, and if I am near home wifi turns on and when I leave it disables it to save additional battery. I use Pocket Casts to manage podcasts and have those set to download automatically,I use Photaf for panoramic pictures which this phone can process and "build" quickly. I use Lookout for security to protect the phone and flashlight app well.... so I have a flashlight. Skype for video calls and chrome to phone to quickly send webpages to my phone.I also have the amazon app store running to get that daily free app.I like this phone and do recommend it. A huge improvement over the Optimus V, way better then the iPhone 3G and 3Gs, I dare say it's equally as good as the iPhone 4S if not better because it's NOT a glass front AND back. I think the 4S stands for "Shatter". You think Apple would have fixed this design but no they just added new insurance because they know you are going to break it. The only benefit to the iPhoen 4s is the camera is a bit better AND you miss out on apples new "send a card" app.... ;) Get this phone, you won't regret it.

After using an iphone3 and iphone3S I held out for the iphone5 hoping for a bigger screen. Then last fall the Galaxy S2 came along. I LOVED the bigger screen and everything Samsung advertised. I read all the reviews and finally made the step. After six month I have to say the screen is all I love about it. Fortunately my husband was nice enough to let me use his upgrade to get the iphone4S. Sorry Androids.

We purchased Samsung's Galaxy S2 for my son for Xmas. It quickly turned into a nightmare. There are two major issues of this new device.(1) short battery life -- it lasted one day or less, and(2) constantly echoing during any phone call.It appears that both are known issues for a while. I'm not sure why AT&T; and Samsung are still selling this model without any fixes.In order to replace it with a different model, AT&T; asked for $35 restocking fee, while ATT Technical Support agrees the device is defective.In short, please do your research before purchasing it. (try to google "samsung galaxy s2 echo problem", ...). Good luck!

My first foray into the smartphone world has my friends extremely jealous. I have played around with other people's smartphones for years, and never saw one as close to perfect as this one is. Great battery life, beautiful screen, wickedly fast processor (has set a record in quadrant benchmark), decent reception and call quality, and a strong gps that locks on my indoor location even in windowless rooms without the assistance of wireless networks! About the only thing that is missing is an LED notification light, but that is easily remedied with the Marketplace App "NoLED," which does the trick nicely. I have also used the very buggy Epic 4G Touch on Sprint, and the form factor on this phone is superb -- not too big and classically simple aesthetics.

this phone is so perfect. i just installed the offical att ice cream sandwich version of android on this thing for att galaxy s2 and you talk about smooth! wow! i am in total control of everything on this phone. it will do anything you want it to. super slim. excellant battery life, 12-24 hours based on useage. brilliant screen. phone is clear and good. camera rocks. i just love the speed of this thing. the exynos chip is rare to have in a phone and this one just flys on quandrant score. i also am getting 10-14 megs download 1-3 upload with hspa +. actually was far better than the battery sucking speeds of nokia 900 lte. that really surprised me. so for most people, lte is useless. it drains battery, adds weight, and is no faster than maxed out 3g+. keep that in mind! that is what makes this galaxy s the best in the state out of other versions. this one is original 4.3 inch size..the perfect sweet spot..barely bigger than footprint of iphone 4s. and $99? i am so happy with this phone. thank you samsung and att!!!

I love it.  The Super AMOLED+ screen is something out of Sci-Fi. The internet is superfast!Everything I heard about this phone is true.I don't have any problems with battery or heating up.  It's more like "warming-up"(not normally, only during heavy internet usage).  My hands could tell the difference between warming up and heating up.  Normal usage would give me 2 days.  Heavily youtubing & other internet activities would give me 7 hours worth.Now, I have to say something about Best Buy.I don't know why... but staff weren't encouraging AT ALL to sell this beautiful phone to me. (If I weren't looking specifically to buy this beautiful phone, I don't think they would have encouraged me ever to buy one.) And the first one I got had some problems; not recognizing my MicroSD card and so on. The setup, I realized only later, was not the manufacturer's default settings.Obviously, this was not only a broken one, but a RETURNED-BROKEN one at that. (Couldn't tell if it were broken from the get-go, or user broke it and returned it.) It made me upset just to think that they were trying to give me a defective one... maybe they were hoping I was too stupid to find its defects before 30-days-return-policy expires?I'm sure staff there can differentiate which items are returned because the customers didn't like'em, or which items are returned because they were defective; after all they own the Geeksquad, don't they??  And it really infuriated me that they actually re-packaged the defective-returned item as if brand-new to resell it to another customer.  I'd say this is nothing less than a criminal behavior.What were they thinking?And who would want to receive a broken-returned phone, let alone a returned one?Anyway, I made myself calm and went back to BestBuy and demanded to exchange for new one.  I got the new one, and everything was factory default-setting and working normal.SO in conclusion I'd like to make 2 complains about Best Buy.1) Don't know if they are apple-fans or not, but they were really acting unprofessionally.(I hope the management would train them to discern professional work behavior from personal preferences.)This isn't the first time I caught their staff lacking professionalism. And it surfaced out in amajor way, due to current competitions in mobile business.2) To repackage a broken-returned item as new and sell it again... well what can I say... this is nothing less than Best Buy mocking its customers; not to mention it can be considered a criminal behavior.  I'm sure they can come up with 1000 excuses, saying "because of such incidents as this, we have the return policy...it could be the manufacturer... not us..." But then, what else is new?

I just got the phone yesterday and am really "impressed."Pros: Beautiful Screen, Super responsive and zero lag. Plays FlashCons: Horrible battery life. This phone was fully charged this morning (7:00am) and now I am down to 35% (3:30pm). I used it moderately.It is a powerful phone and all that, but it can't last a whole day. What is the point of having a Ferrari if you can't drive it?BTW it takes FOREVER to charge the phone. Anywho, if you really want to get this phone, consider buying an extra battery.

My husband had problem with two Samsung Galaxy 2 phones within 2 months. The first time AT&T replaced a new phone. A month later, he had a different problem with the new phone again! Samsung won't replace it. We have to pay for the repair fee!!!!! Samsung customer service sucks! Apple evaluate their customers a lot more than those Korean companies.

This is hands down the best phone I have ever owned! I have had three other smartphones and they were not even close to this one in terms of operational features, speed, organization of apps/phone data, weight, and a bunch of other features that come with the Gingerbread technology on a phone that can handle it. I have had Samsung phones in the past (pre-smartphone era) and they always seem to be my favorites. Samsung seems to know how to make user friendly phones that work the way you expect.

I came from a small HTC Aria.  I am not a fan of bulky phones and I really did like the HTC Sense interface.  That said, I've compared this directly to the HTC Inspire and Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket.  I can say without a doubt this is the best of the 3.  It's the lightest, thinnest and has the best battery life (I can often go from 7AM to 11PM on a single charge).  The screen on the Skyrocket is nice to look at, but the device is just a bit too big overall.  Also, the GPS on the Skyrocket did not sync up near as quickly and I really like the Google Navigation, so that was a big deal to me. I do miss the HTC Sense, but the Go Launcher EX was a nice free upgrade for the Samsung device. The HTC Inspire was just a bit too heavy and lacked the battery capability for me.  A small negative is that the Galaxy needs to have the Kies software installed to view the SD card when plugged into a computer.  HTC phones don't need any software. Overall I am very happy with this phone, just wish it were a tiny bit smaller but I realize I am in the minority when it comes to preferring smaller devices.

I used to have iPhone, including iPhone 3G and 4. They work great, but the screen is way too small. I have been waiting for iPhone 5 for several months. However, only iPhone 4S came out. It doesn't have the large screen I want. Eventually, I ditched Apple. Did quite some research of Android phone. Samsung Galaxy S II 4G Android Phone (AT&T;) is on the top of my list.Got the phone. It meets my expectation.- It is light. Lighter than iPhone 4. Someone may consider it feel cheap due to its weight, but I looks solid.- The screen is nice. I think the color is better than iPhone 4. It is more saturated. There is no complaint about the screen size. Huge difference while surfing internet.- The camera flash is bright, really bright.- It is fast. Much fast than iPhone 4 when I try them side by side. No comparison with iPhone 4S.- Battery is not as bad as in some review. As long as you don't use it "extensively", it is good enough for daily need.In summary, great phone. Just recommend it to one of my friend, who is also pissed off by Apple's iPhone 4S. It seems that another Apple customer will change boat.---------------------Update after one month of use----------------------Now, it comes to the best part. I live in an area with poor ATT coverage. I only have Edge at home. With both my iPhone, I can't make any phone call longer than 10 minutes. It dropped the call with no exception. The new Samsung Galaxy gave me a big surprise. In the last month, it never drop a call for me. I mean "Never". The voice is much more clear than iPhone. It is still on Edge most time, but I can also get HSPA+ sometimes.At one of my favorite resteraunt, the coverage is not good either. With iPhone, I can call, but the quality is poor. I can't have data. There is no comparison between Samsung and iPhone. At exact location, Samsung can get HSPA+ most time. Finally, I can enjoy the internet while eating my favorite meatballs.In summary, you can go wrong with Samsung. If you area has poor coverage, Samsung is a much better choice than iPhone.

This phone is great.  I think it is way better than the Iphone 4s.  Slim, fast, lightweight, great cameras.  The only downside is the HSPA+ speeds, they are a joke.  Might as well be just 3g.  The fastest download speed i got was 4mbps.Resolution is like the Iphone's retina display but on a bigger screen.  Good viewing angles as well.

I got the Samsung Galaxy S II (AT&T; version) 3 days back and have been playing around with it for a few days. In summary: this product is absolutely mindblowing, especially for people like me who watch a lot videos from internet. I already have a iPhone 3GS and iPod Touch latest generation(which has retina display). The major feature i was looking for in my next phone was capability of playing Adobe Flash Videos which account for majority of the videos i want to watch online. iPhone does not play flash videos. I heard good reviews about Galaxy S II and went and checked out the AT&T; and T-Mobile versions. I played Cars 2 HD trailer from MegaVideo on both phones and i found AT&T; version playing smoother than the T-mobile version. So i chose AT&T.;The Super AMOLED Plus display technically has less resolution than iPhone Retina display. So i was expecting a display which is little worse than iPhone. But i was totally wrong !!! I compared both phones side by side and played the same video. You can not believe the difference in quality. Galaxy S II blows iPhone out right away. The Galaxy colors are so rich,vivid and natural so that the iPhone display will seem to be pale and sub-standard in comparison!! I will share some side-by-side snaps later. The Galaxy display is much bigger (4.3 in) as compared to iPhone(3.5 in).The phone in general is zippy and very responsive. Android OS offers more control and customizations as compared to iOS. I installed MX Video Player app which is really awesome. Any video file you can download can be played with the MX Player. It can stream any downloadable video and play them on the fly(you dont have to wait for the entire download to complete). Also the browser has builtin flash player and you can watch flv(flash) videos on all sites in full screen and vibrant colors(which is what exactly i wanted). Since i switched from iPhone, i am still learning to do things in the android way - but it is turning out to be easier than i thought. I transferred all my contacts from iPhone to Android (thanks to  Google Sync).Since i watch a lot of videos, my battery drains pretty fast - i will need more days to test the battery life more accurately.In short, this is one of the best investments i have done so far and i am really happy that i chose Galaxy S II over iPhone 4S :-)Will update the review after few weeks of usage

I was torn between this and the iPhone and made a huge mistake and went for this one because I was sick of iTunes. I still think iTunes is pretty lousy, but what I've found out since is that it's better to have a reliable device (iPhone) with annoying software (iTunes) than it is to have a worthless device (Samsung Galaxy II) with better software (Android, Google). The only thing that works reliably on this phone is the phone part. Literally. Everything else works some of the time. Email is about 5% of the time. Facebook is maybe 10%. Text works about 60% of the time (the text issue -- you get a message size notice and then a download button and nothing ever can download ever -- is well documented and nobody seems to have a good fix for it; it's incredibly annoying, because most of the time your friends are texting you like one line and you have to text back "I can't see this! My phone sucks!" and then maybe they can text you back or maybe not). I guess apps work okay, so if what you want is the phone and apps, then this phone might be for you. If you need to use the smart part of your smart phone, then don't outsmart yourself: get an iPhone. Or another phone. One that works. This one just straight up doesn't work. I'll probably go pay the $300 or whatever for an iPhone soon, because I can't take it much longer.I don't generally write reviews on Amazon and I'm writing this because i wish I had found a review like this before I decided to outsmart myself and get this terrible, lousy, awful, non-working stone that I carry around in my pocket, which doesn't so much except tell me what it can't do, and display the "download" option for texts that I can't read.My fault. Just posting this so you don't make the same mistake. Don't do it.

My wife was tired of Apple products failing on her. We replaced her Iphone4 twice. Maybe it was just bad luck, but she wanted to try something else. So I researched & decided this was the best phone availible through AT&T.; I recieved the phone & had issues upgrading the phone due to the diffrent size sim cards, but aftera visit to AT&T;, all was well.The phone itself looks great & feels good. It's fast & has a ton of customizing options. The OS runs smooth & overall I'm happy with the phone. However here are some things that I've noticed about the phone that I don't like. The screen is beautiful, but it is not accurate. What I mean by this is the contrast has been boosted on the phone to make it appear brighter(nothing to with brightness setting). I have hound no way to adjust this. This is visible when view images on the web or Facebook. If anyone knows how to fix this please comment. Lowering the brightness is not the fix. The second thing that I've noticed is the timming out when running apps. When running a app that doesn't need any commands for a certain amount of time, the screen times out & you have to hit the power button, then swipe away the default wallpaper. It's a little aggervating. Which brings me to the third thing, having to hit the power button to wake the phone. I'm spoiled by Apple when it comes to this I guess. I'n used to touching the screen to wake the device up. I like this feature, it's not availible on this phone. you have to hit the power button to wake it. The final flaw is battery consumption. This was expected, just hopping that it can be tweaked a little more in the Ice Cream release, so that there is minimal battery waste. Other that the isssues that I have stated, this phone is an excellent competitor for the Iphone & has me considering making the move to this Samsung or possbily the S3 whenever it's released.

When I bought my iPhone I thought I was getting a pocket computer but I didnt, way to many features missing. The Galaxy S2 is a pocket computer. I love all the things I was missing from my iPhone. widgets, shortcuts, text reflow on web pages, voice talk, most apps are free, removable battery, sd card slot. can change keyboard, browser, lock screen, etc, etc. I bought a battery(OEM)from ebay for 25 bucks and an external charger for 10 bucks on newegg and I dont have to worry about battery life. my brother still has an iPhone and is mad because he cant change out his battery which is not much better than my S2's. After seeing my S2, He's getting an S2 when he sells his iPhone. Take the reviews with 2 and 3 stars with a grain of salt because it's just Apple freaks trying to stop you from getting the better phone. Hey just for fun, google "macs get viruses", "macs crash more than windows 7" and "iphone ripped off LG prada" and stop being gullible

I have had this phone for 4 days now and I must say I am very impressed with its functions, beautiful screen and how extremely light and thin it is.The only real negative I can find is that AT&T's spec sheet states that this phone has a "built in FM radio". After two calls to AT&T tech support and a visit to my local AT&t store no one has been able to find this feature. It looks like AT&T might have goofed and not gotten their facts straight.This is not a real deal breaker but it would have been nice to have. Other than this one complaint I really enjoy owning this phone.

This is my first Android device. And as a first time user, I found this device to be very easy to use. First impression I got was that this device is FAST!!Pros:Super Amoled Plus 4.3inch screen.Really Fast processor along with 1gb of Ram.Great Camera(8mp) and HD video Recording.Front facing camera.Light weight.Touchwiz 4.0 + Gingerbread16Gb Internal MemoryGood call quality.Cons:Battery life is not that great.Battery takes a long time to charge.Feels cheap, however when a good case is on it's not much of an issue.

I purchased this phone two days ago and I absolutely love it. Everything about the android OS is great. I have two complaints, however, one of which is not related to the phone itself, but people need to be aware of if they are planning to switch to an android smartphone.1. I took one star off because this phone heats up. I had heard about the GS2 heating issue, but didn't think it was that big of a deal since I don't play graphically heavy games. Last night I was playing scrabble (Words with friends) for about an hour and the phone heated up noticeably. I don't know how much cpu power scrabble uses but I was kind of disappointed that such a simple game caused heating.2. I only have the 200MB data plan from AT&T; and within two days I've used 100 MB of my data limit. I did not go crazy with data usage either. I downloaded a few apps (maybe 5 or 6), watched 1 youtube video, and browsed a few websites. What surprised me the most was that I was constantly connected to the wi-fi. I just learned that Android does not automatically disable data connection when you are on wi-fi. You have to manually disable data package (from Settings/Wireless and network/Mobile networks and uncheck Use packet data). Coming from a windows smartphone, I thought 200MB would be enough for daily use. But it looks like I have to disable data package most of the times. Unfortunately, the MMS service does not work without a data package. So I may miss some MMS if I do this.**UPDATE**I have been having problem with charging of the battery since day one. It started on the first night when I had 70% charge remaining on my battery. I decided to charge the battery anyway via my desktop's USB port, so I could have a full charge the next day. In the morning, while the phone was still plugged in, the battery meter was reading 100% charged. The phone was hot and as soon as I unplugged the USB cable, the battery meter dropped to 29% and the power saving mode message appeared on the screen. Not only the battery wasn't charged, but it was drained overnight. I thought maybe something was wrong with the USB port so I went ahead and charged the phone with the adapter (and it took charge). I experienced the same issue again the next day with a different USB port on a different computer, so I decided not to charge the phone with USB cable anymore (Inconvenient, but doesn't drive me crazy). Tonight, I set my phone to charge with the adapter (at 22% charge). I returned in an hour and picked the phone up. The phone was HOT again (from charging you would think). But as soon as I unplugged it the power saving mode message appeared with the same 22% charge. I have decided that there is a problem with the phone. I did some research and it looks like other people have been having similar problems with their GS2. I'm somewhat disappointed and I'm returning the phone to Amazon for a replacement.

After being an iPhone / iOS user for a year and a half and as an Android / Atrix user for only 6 months (thankfully without a contract extension), I used that saved upgrade subsidy on getting a SGS2. After following the rave reviews overseas about it, and after enjoying the developer friendly Android OS, I figured this would be the phone I would use for the next few years. Overall, it is an absolute gem of a phone that has little nuances here and there.When compared to an Atrix 4G, it's absolutely night and day. All the hype over Samsung's AMOLED Plus screen is no joke. The colors are absolutely brilliant in comparison to Motorola's Pentile display. Moving about the screen is silky smooth, with no lag at all. Going back to the Atrix, you can tell the motion from screen to screen just isn't as sweeping. The camera differences are amazing different, both in pictures and in video. Color in the pictures taken by the SGS2 is just much crisper and deeper, especially with black colors, in comparison to the Atrix. However, I'm not using the full 8 megapixel size, as it's not 8MP Wide. I've stuck to the largest widescreen resolution of 6MP W. The hardware does not disappoint, with most work (loading apps, word docs, flash) being done very fast.When compared to an iPhone 4S (got to play with my wife's iphone this weekend), this is where you find that it's very evenly matched. Both OS's operate smoothly, their cameras capture great images at 8 MP, their videos are just as well. It's on the configuration side and the battery life that makes the difference. Siri aside, the life on the iPhone 4S will completely outdo the SGS2 by far. I have widgets running for Facebook, MLB, Weather Channel, along with pushing my work email, and using adjusted brightness will kill your battery really quick. The SGS2 adjustable brightness also seems to act really weird, dimming and lighting itself very often and very noticeable. On the positive side, the configurations on the SGS2 is extremely diverse. From white balance and stability control on the cameras, to different sounds for email notifications and text notifications, you can tell that Samsung aimed the SGS2 to be configured to make it suitable to the owner, and not have the same recognizable tones or feel that the iPhones have. While it does take some time to get the configs just right, you tend to have a feeling that once your done, you won't confuse your SGS2 for anyone elses. The other thing to think about is the size and feel of the phone. The iPhone seems like a brick to me, with the screen looking so tiny compared to the SGS2. However, with the plastic feel and the lightness of the SGS2, I fear dropping it and ending up with a broken phone. It would probably be smart to get an otterbox for it, but then you end up with a brick. The other thing is, for my height, the iPhone feels small, where for my smaller wife, it fits perfectly. It's all based on what you're comfortable with.To summarize, when comparing the SGS2 to a few other Android phones out there (namely for me the Atrix), the SGS2 shines and appears incomparable due to its outstanding hardware and feature offerings. When it comes to an iPhone 4S, you're probably better off choosing which OS you're more comfortable with and sticking with it. Where my wife is absolutely happy with the feel of her iPhone, I can say just the same for the SGS2.

My first smartphone was from Samsung and my first OS was the android, but I switched to Apple 3GS when it came out. Picked up this SGS2 about a week ago, and this piece of device is amazing!Samsung has always been known for their display screens, whether it is your HDTV, computer monitor, tablet screens, phone screens, etc. The super AMOLED screen is amazing! It is cheaper to produce then LCD screens, but since it is new technology, there still is a premium price tag for it.The phone itself is very light, even with a protective case, you won't even notice you are carrying a phone.The special Gorilla screen protect they put on is also amazing. It is very responsive to my finger, and doesn't leave any scratches behind.Nothing I can really say about the processing power of the phone itself. This phone scored 1st on almost all of benchmarks you throw at it.Google stated that the new Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich operating system will be available for SGS2 users, which is a plus.The only thing I was saddened was that Apple blocked this phone from being sold in parts of Europe, Austraila and North America. This phone should have been here in the U.S. 6months ago!

This is my first Android phone and I am amazed by the amount of features and power it has. Applications run very smoothly and I do not notice any lag or freezing at all. Only once has my phone froze and automatically restarted and that was because one of the bloatware that AT&T; installed (CityID) messed up.You are given 16 GB of internal memory. 2 GB is allocated for applications while the rest is for storage for pictures and music. I placed a 32 GB micro SD card (which is the max that you can put in on this phone I believe) and increased my application memory an extra 11 or 12 GB. I highly recommend getting a micro SD card because it doesn't come with the phone and some Android applications are large.Samsung has an interesting concept for connecting with your phone called KIES Air. If your phone is connected to the same wireless as the computer you are on, you can activate it and connect to your phone via a browser. Afterwards, you can just upload or download anything from your phone through the browser. I think it makes it a lot more convenient as you don't have to carry around a USB cord to sync stuff (unless you want to charge your phone).Voice Talk by Vlingo works very well on this phone. It is pre-installed and is similar to SIRI and can do everything like text, place phone calls, view and set up schedules, make memos, navigate, and find locations for you. You won't be able to talk to it in a conversation like SIRI but the functionality works just as well as SIRI.The SGS2 also has a lot of useful pre-installed widgets such as power saving settings and running applications. On one of your home screens, you can easily modify the brightness settings, turn on and off wifi, bluetooth, sync, the timeout of the screen, etc. There is also a task manager that you can use to exit your apps so it doesn't keep draining the battery power. If you pull the top of the screen down, you have easy access to your wifi, bluetooth, GPS, Flight Mode, and Screen Rotation.I had a problem with some people understanding me clearly when I place the phone on speaker phone. It is most likely because of the case that I purchased with the phone. I would think that they should have tested the phone with cases as a majority of people get cases for their phone to protect it. Either way, I won't deduct a star for that as it is more on the case than the phone.The battery life is the only reason why I took away one star. For a moderate to heavy user like me, the battery may last only 3/4 of the day. I wish I could keep the screen at its maximum brightness or even semi bright settings because it makes everything look amazing but it will kill the battery. The charge also takes at least three to four hours, and that is plugging it into the wall.Also, there is a known bug with the lock screen in which you can unlock the phone without knowing the pattern or pin. AT&T; is aware of this and is supposed to release an update to fix the issue. This can easily be circumvented by putting the screen timeout for the lock screen to "Immediately"Overall, this is an amazing phone. Switching from a blackberry to an Android can be overwhelming as there is a lot of new functionality but it was definitely worth it. I only have had this phone for a few weeks now but am already in love with it. I highly recommend this phone for anyone on AT&T; looking for a 4G Android phone.

Original Review:This a very sleek and powerful phone with every feature possible at this time. Its been a month since I owned it. Plenty of pros and few cons that might or might not be a deal breaker.Over all love the phone.Pros: Great looking phone,very thin, Large screen, Fast performance, wirelessly connects to any DLNA enabled device, Camera for pics and video is in the top 3 phones under good light conditions, Android eco system is great, light weight, beautiful AMOLED display (close enough to the iphone retina display), Swype is amazing for typing.Cons:1. Charging takes 3 hrs from 10 to 100 percent if the phone is not in use.2. Battery performance is moderate. Under moderate usage (emails, Internet, Music) I charge once every day. I have a charger at work, Home and car. So 90% of the time its not an issue.3. If you are moving from a smaller screen like Iphone (like me), you will realize, its not easy to use this phone with a single hand.Update as of Nov 30 2011:One more issue with this phone that I observed is its charger. Its rated power output is low. I end up with having my charger connected to the phone, playing games and still continue to loose battery. That is just bad design. I think its not a lot to ask for your phone to charge faster than it can discharge while using it. May be this can be fixed by buying a higher output USB charger. Still keeping the 4 stars. Would have given 3.5 if I could.Update:I am cutting down another star on the phone. I am not sure if this is an Android issue or a samsung problem, but beware of the EMail issues on the phone. If you are using this phone to connect to your work email through outlook exchange, always make sure you are able to send email from your phone. If not, return the phone and find another non samsung phone. I also realized the phone camera is not that good. You CANNOT use this phone camera for taking kids pics even in good light. You always get a blur even for the slightest motion. These two are very key features and I cant imagine this phone is getting all the good publicity with such flaws.Update July 14 2012: After my ICS update the email issue went away. so I am bumping up a star. The rest of the cons still apply. Charging is too slow and the camera is not top class.

First of all its on ATT, their CSR is horrible, and managers suck in business strat.This phone was released a month ago and already a newer version skyrocket with LTE is released.Either people are screwed since they just past their 30 day period or in their 30 day and will return it.I put up a non bias review on ATT's website about the new and old phone and they took it down because it did not praise it enough.Filtered reviews, poor csr, poor attitude, poor management.Stay away*Battery life is about 8 hrs*Comes with ATT Bloatware*native 2.3.4 firmware and you have to manually update to 2.3.5 but lose the double tap home feature or home button vibrations*superamoled display but the new one has bigger screen*dual core 1.2 but new one has 1.5*3g utms and hspa  new one has that and lte*8mp camera

I have been on iPhones since the release date of iPhone 3GS and have had my iPhone 4 for since its release date.  I am not a "mac guy" but the iPhone has been pretty good to me except for...  I hate the lock-in to iTunes, no flash support (although flash is a dying technology with HTML 5) and the fact that you cannot add a memory card (but instead are charged a whopping $100 for 16GB of extra storage space).So, I plunged into the android market with the Galaxy S II for AT&T.;  After 3 days of use, I am returning it and going back to my iPhone 4.  I had some echoey  calls and some hiccups with my connection to a Sony BT car stereo but those may have been just my phone.  More general reasons that iPhone 4 users should watch out for are:1. It is just too big.  If you have looked at the measurements and have some concern, you are right.  I am 6'1" and this thing just looks and feels big.  Everyone I showed it too commented on its size.  I was hoping the "amazing screen" that other reviewers mention would make up for this.2. Compared to iPhone 4's Retina display this display sucks.  It looks great on widgets - colors are vibrant, blacks are dark, but when you pull up a web page with text it looks horrible.  Small type that is easily readable on the iPhone 4 is illegible on the Galaxy S2.  You can change some options to flow text and increase text size but that distorts content in some cases or simply does not work if it is text as a graphic.3. Battery life is horrendous (and I consider myself a moderate user).  I was worried about my next plug in during an all-day training yesterday.4. Email app on iPhone works effortlessly.  I did not find the delivered email (or gmail) app to be user freindly.  I have many folders on my Outlook account and navigating or verifying that they did refresh to check for new mail was a pain.  The device size is also a problem here as the back button is a touch-sensitive device button at the bottom-front of the unit but folders and changing accounts is at the top (thumb stretches are needed for one-handed users like me!).5. No hardware button to turn to vibrate-only on device.  Turn on device, unlock, and then change sound - I need to walk into a meeting and flip the switch.  It did have a nice turn-over gesture to silence the phone though.6. Power button is opposite volume rocker so I found myself changing the volume (with index finger) when trying to turn off device with thumb.7.  Feels flimsy - one drop and I would be worried about shattering the back plastic.  Can't put it in a case because it is already too big - with a case on it, it would be ridiculous.8.  Did I mention it was too big?  If you want people 3 rows behind you to read your facebook posts this screen is great. ...or maybe if you are old - kinda like those Big Number telephones or remotes.  I prefer the tight-resolution on the Retina display (but I also like my laptop monitors maxed on resolution that others find "too small to read").Hope that helps some iPhone 4 users that are thinking of jumping ship.  Lots of good things about the device (read 5 star posts for those) but the items above made me want my iPhone back.

Does Samsung Galaxy S2 beats Iphone 4 or 4S? My answer is Big 'YES'.I'm using this phone from past 3 weeks and I don;t miss my Iphone at all. Samsung Galaxy S2 is loaded with features and technical specs.Lets differentiate Iphone 4S with Samsung Galaxy S2.Specs  Iphone4/4S  Galaxy S2Processor  800 MHz  1.2 GHzCore  Dual  DualMemory  512MB  1 GHzScreen Resolution  960 X 640  480 x 800Display  Ratina  Super Amoled +Back Camera  8MP with flash  8 MP with FLashFront camera  1.3MP  2 MPVideo recording  1080P(FULL HD)  1080P(Full HD)Weight  140 Grams  116 Gramsnetwork  3G  4GCapacity  16GB  16 GBSD support  NO  Yes 32GB Micro SD card slot available to expandScreen Size  3.5inch  4.3 inchVideo format  ITUNE limited  No conversion required, upload any format directly to phone(conversion required)Other features:Samsung galaxy support animated live wallpapers. E.g It has animated wallpaper which changes animation based on weather. if its cloudy,moving clouds dispalyed on screen, if rain, you will see drops on the screen, if snow then snow flakes falling on animated wallpaper which gives phone very cool looks and so as for night and day.It has proximity sensor which is very useful when you are on call. Touch screen is not effective on call which means if screen touches on your cheeks its non-responsive and calls wont cut or go on hold. You can disable this feature.The phone has motion sensor which helps like, if you are in meeting and your call rings, flip the phone with screen down and its on mute. similarly tilt, pan and swing options behave differently .The phone support DLNA technology, So if you connected to wireless at home and have DLNA supported TV or home theater system then you can stream Video, Audio and pictures Directly to your TV in full HD. the app used id ALL share. This is awesome feature which blew u off. no more wire connection.No software required to upload download any music or video. Phone comes with Kies air app which gives you an URL. Open this URL on your browser and you can access phone data through browser.Edit/upload/download contacts, music, calls, bookmarks, videos,messages etc etc ..Video quality is awesome , no conversion required. Whatever format you have dump on phone and play it in full screen. you can change screen size.Audio interface is similar to Iphone but best is it has auto and manual equalizer. It shows bar while playing a song which help skip songs fro few secsCamera quality is very good. It has feature to select scene and take paranormic shots.Battery life is very good as it has power saving mode which controlls your phone and help consume less battery. Stand by time is 16 days, talktime/Audio play is approx 16 hrs. battery drain very fast if playing games or watching videos.Android market has almost all apps what Apple has.Screen apps are customization for effects like Weather or clock.Phone has inbuild GPS navigation system, So no need to buy 3rd party navigation.Install apps like Go SMS pro which works as front interface and helps avoid SMS charges. If you receive any SMS, It will receive in GO PRO SMS and you wont be cahrged for receiving or sending any SMS to your friend.Web Browser support flash, so open any website with ease which plays all video formats.It far better than Iphone on drop test. Check yourself on youtube.Office exchange has better security options than Iphone. It give you view option like real Microsoft outlook. Out of office settings which is not in Iphone.Screen resolution is very good. It has gorilla screen which is scratch proof. Colors are vibrant. You will love watching movie on it.So overall a very good work done by Samsung. If you are looking for an alternative other than Iphone than Go for it without doubt.Best phone in market, I must say.Good work Samsung... Cheers!!!!!

I no longer understand the appeal of the iPhone.  This thing is blazing fast and the interface is significantly better.  If you don't like the look, go into the market and pick up some eye candy for free.  Pictures look great, and the phone is super thin.  I have had it for a week, and will never go back.

It was a confluence of events:  For two years I'd owned an iPhone 3Gs and had few problems.  I was planning an upgrade to the iPhone 5, and was planning to buy an iPad2.  Then:A two day bout with Apple customer service - having to do with the latest version of iTunes - that would make an hilarious skit on SNL. Apple's cultural disdain for anything not Apple - e.g. the embedded code in Safari that disrupts Zune software; Jobs' vow to put Android out of business.  And, of course, no iPhone 5.So after pre-ordering the Kindle Fire, I read reviews on Android phones; the Galaxy, by far, the winner.  And, OH!, are those reviews right!Compared to the 3Gs:  Much lighter, much faster.  Bigger screen, better resolution. Better camera. Overall like going from a 286 to a pentium; fabulous. Only thing the 4S has that this doesn't is a cute answer when you ask it "Will you marry me?"Last quarter Samsung sold more cell phones than Apple: 27 million to 17 million.  Clearly, there's a good reason.And can't wait for the Fire.

This phone is very quick and responsive.  But there are a couple issues that means this will be my last Samsung phone, if not last Android phone altogether.  The battery life is downright terrible.  My wife's iPhone loses 6% battery per day when it's not used; mine will lose that in an hour without doing anything.  Furthermore, each software version has issues that I can't really move past.  Gingerbread 2.3.6 had a known battery drain bug.  ICS 4.0.3 didn't notify me when I got text messages - another known bug.  Version 4.0.4 would have my phone randomly lose reception, again, another known bug.  A custom ROM version of 4.1.2 seems to be decent, other than the terrible battery life.  I pretty much have to put the phone in dumbphone mode (no WiFi or Mobile Data) so that I'm not losing 5 to 10% battery every hour.  I don't know if this will be my last Android phone, but at the very least, it will be my last Samsung.

*****Updating review as of 11/2/2011*****This just in- After about 20 days my phone had a USB malfunction. I plugged it in to charge one night and it went hay wire. After that, it thought it was always connected to USB and could not be connected to my computer. When powered off, it showed it was charging (even when not connected) and could not be turned back on without being connected. After doing a full reset and confirming with samsung tech support that the phone needed to be warrantied i contacted Amazon since i was still within 30 days. I spoke with a rep Tuesday 11/1 at 6PM EST. They overnighted me a new phone that arrived at my desk at 10AM today 11/2. Moral of the story is that Amazon is killing it. 17 hours and a brand new phone was in my hand. That's pretty rocking service.My new phone has bit of wiggle room on the battery now which is a bit of a bummer but i just shimmed it and I'll live with it cuz i don't want to have to dump everything and start over yet again.I'm still backing this phone completely and chalking the USB issue up as a fluke. As long as this new one keeps going I'm still happy with the phone. I plan on getting the Otterbox case since it has plugs for the USB and headphone ports, which will keep crap out of there that i think was the cause of my issue.*********************************Original review****I've had this phone for a little over a week and I'm loving it. First off, i ordered it mid afternoon on Friday 10/7. I received an "item has shipped" email on Saturday. The phone arrived at my office Monday morning. Nice work Amazon!The phone itself is ridiculously thin and light. so thin that it's actually almost awkward to hold and text its so narrow. The back cover definitely feels cheezy but i got a rugged case for it anyway so not worried about that. So far everything is buttery smooth, i don't think I've experienced any real glitches or freak outs worth noting. No lagging, no stalling, no freezing, just silky smooth operation all around. Pinch zooming is quick and responsive, web pages load as fast as your connection will allow them to, all the internal navigation is super quick as well. Still learning my way around all the features and working on picking up more fun/useful apps but I'm glad i went this route vs. the iphone4 bargain for $99. The customization of Android is just too good to pass up. Don't like the keyboard? download a new one. Wanna text a bazillion words a second? give swype a try. Want to know what programs you have running? check out your task manager. Wanna kill some of them? clear your ram? go for it. Delete those crappy ATT bloatware programs? you can do that too.Battery life is actually pretty decent. Sitting connected to wifi at work all day, texting fairly frequently and thumbing through some random apps and web here and there, I'm at about 50 or 60% battery life when i get home. From there i tend to use web and apps more heavily and I'm usually at about 30% when i put it on the charger at bedtime. I set the "power saving mode" to start at 70% and i generally run the screen brightness on auto or at minimum since i can it just fine inside anyway. Yesterday I pulled it off the charger at around 9am and turned wifi off while at work. only sent a few text all day and was only briefly on facebook to post a pic. I was at 80% battery at 11PM when i got home. You can definitely make the battery last 2 days with light use, especially if you shut it down at night when not using. I also set my email sync to manual so it's not hogging data and battery all day trying to stay updated. I'm not a business user so i can get away with that.I've only played around with the camera a little but pic and video quality looks really good. Flash is super bright but doesn't wash things out unless you're really close to it. images are crisp and cam snaps fast, no blur from a shaky hand or anything. front cam takes decent shots too, haven't tried video calls yet though.I'm glad ATT went with the 4.3" screen, not too big but big enough to watch a video and see all the details, and fit enough web page on there to actually read for a bit without scrolling all over the place. This phone is definitely a little bulky compared to my old samsung 'dumb' phone but it's not cumbersome by any means. I hardly notice it my pocket anymore.The only thing that kinda bums me out is that it doesn't have a dedicated HDMI. I know there is a micro USB to HDMI adapter but that's just one more part to buy. would be nice to just plug it straight in.Overall I would highly recommend this gadget. You won't be disappointed.

I would have bought this phone INSTANTLY if it was released in the US/Canada in like May, when it was released to Asia and Europe. Now almost 6 months later, it might seem to make more sense to wait for the Galaxy Nexus, but I still bought this phone, and I am absolutely loving it. Seeing that there are not much review for the engineer, so here it goes:1) Swype is AMAZING. It took me 30sec to learn and type faster than with the normal keybaord. But even the normal keyboard is easier to type on than my blackberry-like device with a full physical keyboard.2) This is almost as powerful as the highest end 5 year old laptop. Not quite, but almost there... With 1G of RAM and 1.2G dual core.3) Google ecosystem: Gmail, google calendar (syncs multiple calendars, if youd like to see your friend's shared calandar, or maintain multiple calendars yourself), google task, google talk, google finance etc. All of these are automatic once you link your google account with the device. The ecosystem is generally very nice, fairly open, and can easily exports to and interoperates with other systems.4) Lots of great free apps. But perhaps slightly less uniformity, and worse precision on the appstore search than Apple's.5) Samsung Kies air is actually pretty impressive. You instantantly turn the off into a webserver and can access things on the phone wirelessly.6) Turns into a wifi Hotspot without having to do anything7) Widgets! - customize your screen8) Its Linux. You can run a terminal, and run it as a ssh server. You can see and access the underlying system.  I can check and modify my jobs running on the clusters. Lots of the familiar Unix programs runs here: like top, cd, cp, df etc. You can also ssh into this phone from a computer. This is incredibly fun if you are a computer scientist/engineer.Vs. Galaxy NexusI actually waited 3 weeks (quite a lot to ask myself, I have an incentive to sign with ATT asap) until the Galaxy Nexus information came out. Then it became clear that a) Nexus is probably not coming to ATT anytime soon, and 2) it is not obviously better 6 months later. I decided to go with the original phone that I was waiting for. You can compare the specs at say phonearena or something, but I just want to point out a few things that people may not necessarily pick up from the specs easily:1) The Nexus probably does not have SD slot2) The Nexus is huge, and its screen uses PenTile, so its 1280x720 res is comparable to 824x480 in GS2, granted, that is still better, but no longer significantly.3) The GS2 actually uses a better graphics chip, making me wonder how the Nexus is supposed to drive a higher res screen with a bloated pixel count that is less sharp, and what are the tradeoffs driving that decision. Is it just to say weve got the highest res screen?4) the GS2 uses the famous Gorrila glass which protects against scratches5) The Nexus has a curved display, whereas GS2 is flatGranted, if the Nexus is out right now on ATT, ill still get it if just for the new Android 4.0 and parting with ATT crapware. But I am very happy with this device as well.Vs iPhone 4SI cannot really argue against the value of the iphone 4S, but the GS2 is 50$ cheaper if you want the base model, and much cheaper if you want the extra-storage by buying microSD yourself (and more portable).The iPhone 4S has an objectively better screen with denser pixels, but the GS2 screen is very nice, brighter and 0.8'' (~2cm) longer in the diagonal.The iPhone 4S has a better camera.iPhone4S is smaller, but that also means smaller screen.Most importantly though, is the software: this is an Android, and it let you do pretty much whatever you want to it. And that is really fun. Of course, if you are rich enough to pay for everything, and feel comfortable of being locked into the iCloud ecosystem, then Apple does give you a smoother ride.Complaint: the microUSB charger male that came with the phone is too short, so I had to shave the plastic a bit for it to reach all the way in, and the male still did not connect well. So I bought another cord for 2 dollars and fixed the problem.General theme: Android still is not quite as smooth as iOS, but that is the price you pay for being a flexible and open system... i guess? The core is still very reliable though.So thanks Amazon for having this for 150$.4 stars for the charger problem. It got me worried, because it would be much harder if it was the female's issue that they don't connect, instead of the male's.

This is a great phone because its fast and smooth and the gorilla glass makes it really easy to glide on the touch screen. Android is a great operating system for the tech savy people. I got this phone for me (I'm 26) and my Dad. My Dad who is 60 had a really hard time getting used to the Android OS. So I returned both the phones and will try out the Iphone 4s. I'm thinking that the IOS is more simple, especially for old people.The issues with the phone are:1) Wifi: If I put my hand on the volume rocker button, then wifi signal goes down by one bar (Wifi Death Grip). I only get a 2.5 MB/sec connection in my house, so if I cover up the volume rocker by mistake the speed goes down to 1 MB/sec.2) Battery Life: The battery for this phone is really bad. You need to have a charger at all times to keep this phone alive. I fully charged the phone in the morning (8am) and by 6pm it was giving me the "charge your phone" message. This is from moderate use and I also turned off the phone for about 4 hours hours to save battery. Maybe I had a faulty battery, I don't know. I also made sure that all background programs were off. But, still had battery issues.3) Too Big: I switch from a blackberry curve 8310, which is pretty small and I was easily able to operate the phone with one hand. It was pretty difficult for me to operate this phone with one hand.If the above problems will not be an issue for you, then this would be a great phone for you.

Love this phone, it's so light and thin, plus the HSPA+ 21.1Mbps goes through walls, I get 4G like everywhere.  This is better than iPhone 4S, which does only HSPA+ 14.4Mbps.The screen is EXCELLENT, TouchWiz UI is SO FAST, Samsung has basically introduced iPhone 5 already while Apple is still making a ton of money off their older design.I suspect iPhone 5 will be more like this Galaxy S2 Phone, in the meanwhile, you can grab a piece of the future on AT&T; with this phone.LOVE IT!

This phone isn't what I expected.  I returned the first because data ran in the background even when the phone was turned off at night.  At this time I'm into the 11th gig.  I had to contact Amazon Wireless and get ATT on the line to request that the overage be removed; hopefully, ATT will come through.I'm using the replacement phone.  It burns up battery power and is extremely large; too big, in fact.  Another thing is that the telephone speaker volume isn't good enough for me.  I wish I had never chosen this phone and established another ATT contract.Look for something smaller and better.

This is a great phone! Have been waiting for sometime to buy this... loaded with features and never encountered any issues so far!!

It's a good phone, the screen is bright and colorful, the phone has a lot of good features and the phone reception works well.But... after a couple weeks i went back to my iphone 4s.The iphone's retina display KILLS this thing to the point that it's not even fair (the reason is pixel density, this phone subsitutes pixels by oversautrating RGB lines so you dont see pixels just bright colors) and I like the size of the iphone as a phone.  This thing kinda feels like a graphing calculator and it just doesn't feel right as a phone...Anyway hopefully you find this review helpful if you're on the fence between this or an iphone

It is a very powerful phone. I never seen any Android phone nearly as fluid as this one. Screen is superb, and resolution is OK. Cameras are quite good as well. I eventually returned it, because:1. Apps like Notemaster are not available to Android yet. I can't live without them.2. Google Voice calls keep failing randomly, which never happened on my iPhone 3GS.3. Wifi drops frequently in my work place. 3GS did much better.4. Whenever I used my BT headset, phone calls become extremely choppy. It is fine with wired headset or no headset, but who would use a phone that can't use BT headset?5. Can't customize lock screen! Even my jailborken 3GS can do that.6. TOO BIG. I can't operate this phone comfortably with only one hand.7. Awkward power switch placement. Too soft.8. Touch screen alignment is slightly off. When I try to hit 'c' I often end up with hitting the space. Also, Swype is not efficient on such a huge screen.Simply put, it is extremely powerful but not nearly as refined as iPhone. I need a functional smartphone not a high-tech toy. I will just keep using my 3GS for now.

Overall the phone is great, the phone is really fast, the screen is gorgeous, and its  customization capabilities are great as well. Very smooth, light weight, and great looking. To say the least the best Android phone out there at this time. Would and have recommended it to people I know. In my case I had been waiting for this phone for some time now to hit the states, it finally did and has not disappointed me at all. Enjoying my purchase and not regretting it one bit.prosScreen size and displayAndroid 2.3.4Processor speed8mp cameraConsThe only two issue I've found with this phone, is the same that others mentioned. The lock screen is not working properly (easily fixed with a free app at the android market) also its a bit tricky to sync gmail with this phone (also fixed with an app)Hope this review helps.

Bought this on the black friday sale where phones were $0.01. great phone very easy to use and turn off applications your not using to save battery life. features are amazing. I was afraid i would need to make setting changes or configuations and it would be tricky to do with out any buttons or the folder would have been hidden but it wasnt everything is right there. with phone changing soo much i was also hesitant but this phone will be on the higher end for a while. with its ability to upgrade to the new andriod software were most phone wont be able to it keeps it upto date. very happy with this phone.

just got this phone after having 2 iphones and it is a BEAST. i live in DC and the 4G HSPA+ is noticeably faster, getting about 5 mbps down and 3 up pretty consistently around DC. interface is great, screen is gorgeous, blazing fast dual core. i am not sure if this phone is LTE ready, i have had mixed reports. this is much more fluid than i was expecting, with pinch to zoom very nice and scrolling smooth, barely any checkerboarding. overall great device, very happy with it like it way better than iphone glad i switched

This phone is fast, thin, and sexy.Screen is brilliant.Only con is build quality.  very light plastic doesn't feel as good as this phone looks.Very happy!

I've had this phone for a week, and I'm still discovering features like it's my first day with the thing. (Torrents on a phone? Yes please). Leaps and bounds better than the iPhone 3GS, and as far as I can tell by playing with other people's iPhone 4s (not 4S) that can't even compare either.The only thing I was worried about was that it wouldn't be as visually amazing as iPhone's Retina Display. I haven't been able to compare the two phones side by side for video, but the Galaxy s2's display is impressive to say the least.Extremely light, thin, and well built. I actually LIKE the plastic battery cover that some people complain about. I'm sure this wouldn't handle a drop too well, though.I will never go back to Apple's restricted app store and dumbed down user interface for all the dummies out there who don't know how to use a computer.If you want an easy-to-use smartphone with all the basics, get the iPhone.If you want a customizable, open-source desktop computer that fits in your pocket, GET THE GALAXY S2!

I am thrilled that I waited for this phone & not picking another.  It is so cool!  My manager watched what I can do with it & now he wants one.  I  can do on it almost anything that I can do on a PC desktop, and there's a lot of things I can do way better.  The voice recognition software is impressive.  I spoke the infamous word "antidisestablishmentarianism" and it spelled it correctly.  I don't want to draw out this review since there are so many positive ones already, but I do want to clue everyone in on two issues to be aware of.  First, the battery life.  I'm intrigued by the extremes in reviewers' experiences.  I, in fact, saw my battery drain way faster than my old phone, but then again, my old phone didn't have the huge screen like the Samsung.  I have to plug my Galaxy S2 in at every chance I get.  It seems like it's a lot like an auto gas tank... the gauge drops a whole lot faster after it hits the half-way mark.  I've tried dimming the screen, cutting off gps, bluetooth, & wifi, even installed the Juice Defender app, which has helped, but still can't last a day on one charge. I can say this - I can make my battery last by not using the phone.  This battery life issue is the only reason I didn't give this phone a 5-star rating.  I don't consider it a major flaw & the phone's capabilities far overshadow this negative.  I bought an extra battery, but found out this is not the right way to go.  I should have bought the dock/spare battery charger, which can charge both the spare & the battery in the phone at the same time & includes a spare with the package.  It does take a long time to charge my in-phone battery - 4 hours minimum with the wall charger & the phone turned off. Next is the data plan.  Watching videos will eat up your data plan in just a few days.  And because ATT has a lag between what you use and when they post usage data, you may think you're ok when you're not.  I went from having only used 68 Meg one day to 1906 Meg the next with most of the month left to go on my 2 Gig plan.  So be aware of this when you pick a data plan & be careful.P.S. 01/23/2012: I'm now able to make my phone's battery last 2 days with 2 changes to the settings. 1)turn off the screen lock/timeout.  Yes, I know that makes the phone insecure, but I'm not a person who ever sets my phone down anywhere other than in my pocket.  This alone increased my battery life 25%.  2) find a black desktop screen, the more black the better.  I have to admit, I switched to the "microbes" animated desktop screen, but the massive amount of black way overcompensated for the animation - saved another 25% of my battery life.  I'm still thrilled with my phone after 3 months.  Bought Christmas presents with it using Amazon for some last minute emergency gifts & only took about 5 minutes - my wife was amazed how fast I could do that.  The ATT 2 Gig data plan still bugs the heck outta me, especially since ATT didn't even have 4G available in my area until last week, and now they want to change their data plans because people are using too much data?  I don't hear other providers complaining about this, so get on board, ATT.

As a long time Apple user (Computer, iPod, iPad and iPhone), I was curious what Android was all about. I was tired of how Apple locks the iPhone down and made it hard to customize the phone to your liking. I was intrigued by the openness of Android. So when my contract was up, I made the switch to the S2. I have had the phone for 6 months now, and overall really like the phone. I love the larger screen. When I use my wife's iPhone, I feel like I'm typing on a kid's phone. Hopefully iPhone will increase the screen size in the future. I also like the fact that I can add a SD card to get more space.I feel like the Android system gets a bad rap when it comes to the UI/OS, but since I upgraded to ICS... this blows iOS out of the water in my opinion. The aftermarket launchers like Go Launcher, are very impressive and make the UI even better. The only downside is that I had to flash my phone with a leaked version of the ATT ICS build. This is a major disappointment in regards to Android. You're never sure if or when you will get the most recent OS, because it depends on each manufacturer AND carrier. ATT still has not officially received ICS for the S2.I didn't really have a hard time finding the same apps on Android that I had on my iPhone. Which was a relief. Android has just about everything iOS has in regards to apps. BUT, there are still quite a few developers that only make iOS apps, and that is the one downside I've found on Android. Being a creative for a living, I find a lot of apps (and the coolest ones) I want are only iOS. Not to mention the fact that most app developers create apps for iOS first, because it's easier to develop for. Android has so many available devices, that it makes development much harder. This is actually one of the main reason why I might go back to the iPhone once my contract is up.Since I use Apple for everything else (work/home computer & iPad) the iPhone works in the Apple Eco-System much more efficiently. Yes, you can do a lot of the same things with Android, and if I were a PC user I would use an Android. But since I'm so plugged into Apple in every other facet of my life, it's just easier with an iPhone.In summary. I feel like the S2 and the Android platform in general is superior to what the iPhone can offer. But for my personal needs, I don't think it works as well as the iPhone. Which is sad, because I really like my S2.

Update(2.2.12):Had it at 5 stars but recently the phone just won't connect to the network so I can't send/receive calls/texts. I tried calling AT&T; and they couldn't give me a solution. I had to contact Samsung and they finally told me to send it in for repairs but I also contacted the seller and they offered a refund, which I am going to get instead because chances are, the error will probably happen again and I just don't want to deal with it.For starters, this is the first Android phone I have ever owned. I've owned Android tablets, but there is hardly any difference except one can make calls/texting.Anyway, to start off I really love it so far!  I tested it out for 1 day so far and the battery actually lasted me for around 10 hours or so!  I didn't really do anything too heavy on it to drain it much but I will see just how long it actually lasts.  I see the battery life going really well.  Way better than the previous phones I have owned.This phone is fast!  It's beautifully designed, and has an excellent camera with LED flash.  Being able to record in full HD is really awesome.  I have yet to try to go to a concert and see how well this works!16GB of memory and expandable to microSD up to 32GB.Speech-to-text is really awesome, overall the voice commands do well.The phone is really light, and the AMOLED screen looks amazing!Only con I can think of right now is that I can barely hear people when calling and I don't put the speakerphone on.  I don't know if it's like that or if I have a faulty phone?  But when placed in speakerphone it sounds excellent.

Had mine since day 1.  Believe it or not, this is my first smartphone and I couldn't be more pleased.Pros:Call quality is excellent.  Calls are clear and seem to cancel some of the background noise.Beautiful screen.  Screen is vibrant, bright, and clear.Fast.  This is perhaps the only piece of electronic equipment that responds on command. No lag.Intuitive.  Android is easy to use.  Having never used a smartphone there isn't a significant learning curve.Light-weight.  Some may complain that the build quality is lacking, but I appreciate the light-weight design.  Light as a feather compared to the iPhone 4.Cons:Phone lock.  Known issue with the lock screen.  You can bypass without PIN, etc.Battery life.  Relative to other smart phones it may not be bad, but it will take getting used to charging every night.Still relatively new so some issues may arise that haven't already become obvious.  Until then I can recommend this phone without reservation.

Amazon has excellent customenr service, this phone has dropped to 20 dollars right now for an upgrade. I'm glad i saved my upgrade from last year.This phone is excellent. The only tiny issue is the keyboard doesn't align very well with the screen. i miss the lower letters more often than my old captivate. Other than that this phone is blazing fast, and my netflix movies are beautiful to watch. The big screen is very nice, and I can even remove some of the att bloatware and the ones that I can't I simply make a folder to stick them in labled hidden or whatever you want.I see friends get the iphone and need repairs and spend so much money on their phone. What blind sheep they are. My captivate worked flawlessly for over a year with not even a scratch on it.I recommend a screen protector, but a case it up to you. I don't like them, but some of those thin cases are ok.Update,,,,,,,,,as for the battery life, the reviewers that have complained you are crazy. I'm getting 2 days from a single charge. and I'm a chatty cathy. The phone is perfect.Let it charge really good the first 3-4 charges and run it down to about 15% charge before recharging, you don't have to kill it, but take it down pretty far for a while and let it finish charging every time, it will help the battery over time. The first day I got it I charged it and threw everything I had at it all day through the night it still had 25% charge in the morning. Take some time to set up all the features so it will be easier to use. Some of the settings are irritating, but can be changed easily enough if you take the time.The camera is beautiful. I thought the captivate made ugly pics, but this phone is nice. The front camera sucks though. So much for taking personal pics that look any good. Use the back one for those. Hello. Definate flaw.

I switched from apple iPhone 4 to this one after apple announced that iPhone 4s will have the same size screen and 3G, it was not really worth an upgrade from iPhone 4 that I have. Samsung galaxy phone is greate in everything.Pros: ability to customize almost everything, Lighter and thinner than iPhone 4, has bigger screen size, speed is even better than iPhone 4s. Maps are much better than apple, android has google maps with voice for directions, great camera and 1080p video.Cons: screen colors of iPhone 4/4s is little better, 2 major problems with this phone: 1- Battery life, it does not last more than 10-15 hrs. With normal use, My iPhone 4 Is double or almost Triple the life time. 2- proxy does not work on the galaxy or on the android phones in general, I work where my company uses proxy server, and it used to work fine with my iPhone 4 but not with the Samsung galaxy, i had to upgrade my data plan to be able to use it at work, Just costs me an extra $10  that is why I took one star out). If proxy does not mean anything to you, this phone is way better choice than apple  in my opinion)Over all, I chose to keep the galaxy over the  apple phone, I do not mind charging the phone everyday than every other day, not a big deal, regarding my proxy problem, I hope android will fix the problem in the next upgrade, or I will just live with the additional data plan, for me I love the bigger screen, 4G and the customization that the galaxy offers over the iPhone.

I recently received my Galaxy SII and so far I have been pretty happy with it. My favorite thing about this phone is that it is VERY light--I never even notice that I have it in my pants pocket! For me this is a huge advantage over the iPhone, which can sometimes feel like a brick.So why only three stars? Because the battery life is terrible. I don't even use my phone that much. It seems like my phone can hardly make it through the day even with only a few texts, a couple short phone calls, and a little bit of time on the web. I think the battery life would be a significant problem for someone who uses their phone quite a bit.

I used to own Captivate which is a Galaxy S variant for AT&T.; As much as I loved Captivate(it was my first Android), I hated it. It just had too many random issues and flaws. OS was buggy and hardware often had trouble doing something as simple as GPS.So, I hesitated when I was planning to get Galaxy S2. But I went for it and realized that Samsung actually put good enough efforts to perfect this product. Thinking about it, Captivate was an early prototype to catch the wave and Samsung did not have enough time to really complete the product. Galaxy S2 is a different story.It is just so well balanced. Despite 1650 battery size, it actually lasts longer than most smart phones (it lasts a full day with moderate usage), fast, sleek, and it uses HSPA+ which actually is a good thing. LTE is a hot stuff nowadays, but LTE is a very new technology. It drains battery like a hippo and they tend to be heavier, expensive, and LTE isn't really supported except for major cities. HSPA+ is the best you can get without sacrificing reliability, size, performance, and price.

I am glad that I waited for this phone. I selected this phone over the iPhone 4S and am glad that I went for the galaxy. It is amazing and very smooth phone. When it comes to battery it is not bad at all for it's screen size. With moderate use it lasts for two days. The main reason why I selected this phone over the iPhone is for it's screen size. Android is the best OS but if you are looking for simple smart phone you can go for windows phone. If you are tech savvy you will be very happy with this phone.

amazon is the best place for shopping.  I have never had any regrets. Best customer service. you get your phone in 2 days.  At your door, hassle free.  Thank you for all your reviews.  They are very helpful for a buyer.  I don't need to say anything about this phone.  This is the best phone worldwide. You can read about it here on amazon or on engadget.

When the first Galaxy came out I was all over it, but was still locked into my old contract.  By the time I was eligible for a new phone, the S2 news had already leaked, so I waited 9 long months.  It was definitely worth the wait.This is my first real smartphone, though I've played with iPhones, the first Galaxy and a few other people's smartphones over the last few years.-Great camera.  It works especially well in daylight.  Low light isn't bad at all for a phone, except when trying to capture a 2 year old who's running through the living room at night.  Then all you get is a living room with a blur - kind of like the Flash had run through.-Perfect size.  The Sprint version is too big for me, but this fits well into my hands.  If anything, I'd say it's still a little big for when I want to throw it in my pocket.  But then I'm a girl and don't usually put things in my pockets.  But even with a basic TPU case on, the phone is still small and light compared to many other smartphones.-Fast.  When I'm on wi-fi, the phone is fast.  I don't have to wait for apps to open/close and there's no lag on any of the touchscreen commands.  However, when I'm not on wi-fi, AT&T; seriously slows me down.  Playing Words With Friends or Angry Birds is slow, even when just trying to get to the game menu.  Sometimes, it takes forever to open the Facebook app because it's trying to download updates at the same time.  But this isn't Samsung's fault so much as AT&T;'s fault.-Battery.  I've actually gone two days on one charge with this phone.  Granted, those were two days where I hardly used the phone, but I was still surprised.  With heavy use I've been able to go 3/4 of the day with almost constant app, game and web use.  Most days with moderate app, game and web use I'm able to end the day with about 25-30% power left.  The worst culprit I've found is GPS/location services, so I just keep it all turned off unless I need it for something.  I don't want people to know where I am anyway.  The one day I forgot to turn it off was the one day the phone was dead by 10pm.  Oh, and I have the display brightness down pretty low.  It usually stays there unless I'm outside during the day, then I just turn it up temporarily.  I also just ordered a spare battery/charger to use while on vacation at Disneyworld.  I figure that will be the ultimate battery test, considering I'm going to be running through the parks for about 12 hours a day for a week straight and will most certainly be using apps to check lines, taking pictures and posting to FB, etc.Spare battery charger I ordered:Samsung Galaxy S II Battery Charger with Stand (AT&T;) Samsung Galaxy S II (AT&T;)I read one review that complained about the phone heating up.  I have experienced this, but only when playing games for over an hour straight - usually for 2-3 hours straight.  Even then, the phone got hot, but not so hot that I was worried about anything.  I've got a TPU case on it and was initially worried about the case making this worse, but it hasn't seemed to affect anything.I've used the wall charger once.  The rest of the time I charge the phone with the USB cable.  This allows me to move files around, etc, while on the computer in the evenings.  Then I just leave it charging while I'm asleep.  However, at most it's only taken 4 hours to charge and that was after I'd received the warning saying "CHARGE NOW".  Not a bad charging time, in my opinion.  Also, I haven't noticed the phone heating up at all while charging.The battery cover does seem a bit flimsy, but it doesn't bother me so much since I've got a case.  Also, I watched a drop test on YouTube that compared the SG2 to the iPhone 4S and the SG2 did (surprisingly) really well.Overall, the Samsung Galaxy S2 has been awesome.  It's been three weeks and I'm still learning and playing with all the fun things I can do with it.  And after seeing the list of Android phones that AT&T;'s releasing for the rest of the year I'm glad I bought this phone on the day it came out.  The next two years are going to be fun!

Gingerbread on the phone offers new features that I like a lot.  Custom EQ on the music player (finally) and lots of good options about automatic power saving.  Everyone seems to complain about battery life but folks that's what happens when you have an 4G LTE phone.  If you disable "data" in "settings" when you dont need data, then your battery life will not be a problem again. Unless you use web all of the time, that simple fix should solve the issue.  You'll still have voice and text all of the time, just not web.Display is more than bright enough to see in outdoor sunComplaints?  None really, except I miss physical buttons on the bottom -- much easier to feel them and then click without having to look down.  Now the buttons are flat and have lights, but the lights arent lit until you press.  That is backwards design.  Also the case is far too smooth for such a big phone.  You'll want a case that offers some grip to the phone or it will slip out of your hands.

Well.. i bought this phone after looking hyped review at engadget. It has too many issues.1. Speaker mode during call automatically mutes2. Video recording doesn't record audioI tried so many things to make it work. Worst support from samsung. If it's iphone i would have returned it to Apple store and got replacement right away.

USABILITY:- The UI is very intuitive- The settings were very easy to change- The device is very slim and light.- The external design is envious.- The battery life is great.- The screen size is large and real-estate is really good.FUNCTIONALITY:- The Android OS is able to switch between multiple apps.- The Android marketplace is obviously the best place to get your apps.- The 4G makes the phone respond very fast.Overall great buy!!!

Its my second day with my new Samsung Galaxy s II, the phone is just awesome with larger screen , light weight but a very big issue with battery. I've charged whole night. then I was actively using from past couple of hours and listing to music and exploring all the features and installed apps using WIFI. battery did not lost for more than 5 hours.

Where do I start, first off don't reply if you feel the need to defend this phone to the death. (fandroids already did, so I guess you guys can't read)I got this phone back in October, it was fine, ran ok, had a few hangups, I could deal. I tried a couple of launchers (Go, ADW), Didn't like either, uninstalled, has been stock.I never rooted the phone, never did anything other then try some launchers and widgets, tbh I don't have the time to mess with this phone.So last week this phone went downhill.1. Kies! does not work, I've tried multiple methods (on various forums and help posts) to get it to connect, no dice, I've been trying to do a factory restore because the phone simply does not work most of the time.2. HOT, it gets hot, too hot to hold, and I usually use it in the middle of the night for about an hour, other then that it's on standby. I took it out of my pocket and got a case because it was uncomfortable to have in my pocket.3. Cheap build, it's plastic, and bendy. The glass and cheap metal band are the only saving graces of the cheap feather light plastic frame, you need a case on it to give it any weight and any feel and any protection, or it get's gunked up.4. Proximity Sensor, the metal seal around the phone isn't tight so dust get's in and blocks it. I found that out from samsung themselves when I called because my phone simply refused to go dark. The apologized for a KNOWN product issue.5. Being throttled at 512 despite having a gig of ram, what a joke, the phone heats up so bad the phone further locks itself down. I spent a week just managing my phone trying to keep it as low usage as possible, but like everything android/java based everything has to run all of the time even when not in use, stupid apps too like google maps and calander.6. The lockscreen is a nightmare, they should of went and just copied apple, it's un-responsive and hangs if something it ringing up a notification, lord forbid I get text messages, the screen will literally lock up and I'd have to pull the battery out to get it to restart.7. Battery Life and Widgets, you can't have widgets, the battery life is AWFUL. On stock firmare, standby the phone lasts 8 hours max, if you have any widgets, even less. So now my homescreen has one row of icons and no widgets and no extra screens because the battery can't handle the OS, the screen and anything extra without taxing itself to death.8. Most widget notifictations do not work, twitter is hit and miss and facebook syncs so much it's a battery drain. I ended up turning off all notifications to save battery power.Right now, I'm going to wipe my phone, contacts, pictures, cvideos, apps, everything because it won't connect to Kies!, I've tried every work around and it's the only way. So get this phone if you want headaches, crap support from samsung, cheap build quality (which ripped off apples designs on various levels, keep fanboy crap to yourself), proximity sensor is hit or miss, no apps, no notifications, no bells and whistles, and never use it.I regret this purchase on so many levels, it's an overhyped plastic paperweight.

The best android device on the market today:Call quality and speaker phone are just good.Pros:The screen colors are good.Its a very good sized screenSuper fastGood CameraCons:Battery life - If you are a moderate user you will end up charging every day.Battery charging - takes comparatively long time to other phones I have used so far.
