
This is an Awesome phone that works great and was shipped and  received quickly. Item was as described as advertised.

The phone has a few bugs, but it is a used phone and it does what I need it to do to get me thru

got this cell not to long ago and it freeze at times i dont think its suppose to do that.

DONT BUY

Serves it's purpose.

Thumbs down for me!I hated this phone more than my smartphone in fact I even switched back to my IPhone!This android enlighten sucked!There is no way to save pictures that people text to you and assigning pictures to contacts was really hard!I ended up calling verizon for assistance because the owners book said nothing about nothing! It only gave the basic operation instructions! After contacting verizon I was told they couldn't help me so my other thought was to buy a NEW memory card and maybe that would help! Not only did it not help but it made things worse, my phone kept powering down at any given time so after learningIt didn't help I decided my last resort was to sell my NEW PHONE to a friend of mine who needed another phone! I didn't sell it to him without first explaining all the problems!Even though I hate my IPhone I will never buy another android I hated this model and I don't recommend it to anyone!!

Just got it today.Went from excited to disapointed. It turned on when I put the battery in , but there was no manual to help me figure it out. There is a guide in the phone once I activated it.  Now the CAMERA, tried for ever to take a picture and upload pic's all I got was a "mount SD card" message. You would think it would work on internal memory at least. Then I read on-line @ Verizon it's made with a SD card. But since this one was shipped to me without one: NO , Camera &lt; No uploading, or Video. So Im going to buy a SD card , BUT if that doesn't work Im shipping it back.

The manuals for the latest orders were not included in the box for the phone that I ordered for someone,  I sent an email advising of the error and the response was to review the manual online,  My response to them was to have the manuals sent because if I order a supposedly new product all manuals should be included in the box with the product.  This really made me wonder if I ever want to buy products again from the seller.  This was not my first purchase either, because I ordered the same device for myself and the manuals were in the box.I will advice when the manual is received by the receipient

I thought I could easily expand with a 32 gb micro SD card but MANY application require being on the internal memory, which is about 200 mb or so.Otherwise, I like the phone. I don't use too many applications, maybe like 5 or so.

I just received the phone and bought a newer one but didn't know I was gonna receive the phone box trashed but packed neatly and missing the back of the phone. Waiting to charge it and get it activated.

I bought this phone my granddaughter who is on our plan,  Checked on the exact same phone at the Verizon center at Walmart and it was 159.00  so I was a little worried about what I was getting.  The phone looks brand new and activating it was a breeze.  She loves it.  Only problem I had, not phones fault was. She had gone from a iPhone to a android and had to go into settings on old phone and shut off imessage , the old iPhone was trying to receive them threw the WiFi even though the number was no longer on it. Just thought it might help someone else in similar situation to know.

The print on the screan is too small, and did no tlike it.  I am using it but gave it to my daughter.

First when I received the phone, there wasn't a recipient. Just a piece of paper telling me that it was checked that everything was working. The battery was badAnd less then 32 days and now the screen doesn't work....:(

This phone didn't last even for 2 weeks... you will have to carry charger with you all the time... you unplug it phone switches off.

I love this phone and I was looking for a phone with a keyboard, but I decided to stick with my Iphone so I didn't &#34;downgrade&#34; with technology. If I had to get rid of my Iphone, then this would be the phone that I would get. The keyboard slides out easily and the keys would great. They are also a reasonable size so that if you have bigger fingers then the buttons will probably be just fine for your hand size.

The phone is great so far... don't know if its been tampered with bc the box was taped back together. Seems to be a tiny pixel thats a bit "off" on the screen..but perhaps that will go away..I haven't taken the protective plastic off it yet bc I haven't gotten a screen protector so who knows may just clear up. Pretty perfect device.

the case is good but I was expecting a soft rubberized case. and it is a hard case. It is a good case though like it.

The phone works well. Satisfied with it. The only problem I had was that there was NO user manual provided. I had to download one from the internet.

For all intents and purposes, it's a great phone. I just needed a replacement since my other phone finally decided to die. I'm saving up for something better, but this works for everything that I needed. Just get an sd card if you're planning on using it for pictures or other fancy apps that take up a lot of room.

I bought this phone for my mother who is not good with electronics. Its a great introductory phone. When it comes to specs its really low end compared to other smart phones. So this phone is not for the power android user. The only downside to me is that it is not a 4G phone. Works on Verizon Wireless

I love this phone. Great for anyone who likes to text. Love the keyboard very hard buttons so not cheap on the built of the key board.

This is a great smart phone for the price its droid capable- the camera is lacking but not all the features will be spectacular for the price. Broke my cell and wasnt eligible for upgrade yet this will hold me over

I don't have much to say about this review except it said this was for a Verizon phone so I bought it and had to send it back and paid for shipping myself for  didn't understand how to return it with out paying for it and they sent me a virgin mobile phone instead of verizon

First, I purchased from Fusion Wireless. The phone came just as their site stated. A brand new never used phone in brand new packaging that was LG packaging.Second, the phone is my first smart phone. Has a good potential for phone, text, email, web browsing, app capability, and a full slide out keyboard plus an on screen keyboard.Third, the ONLY weakness is the camera. There is NO FLASH with this cam so no nite time picture shooting.A cam is nice, but I have a high end digital cam which surpasses any camera phone.

The key pad does not work well. The reaction is slow. I just used 5 months. I have to buy another one now.

slightly older model, so unable to run some of the games i'm used to, and since it's a slider it's slightly bulky and heavy, but not terrible. it's a heck of a lot better than trying to buy a phone through verizon, for sure! it serves my purpose just fine, only complaint i really have is there is a delay on the camera so trying to get pics is a bit of a pain. good signal, clear screen, great sound. i'd definitely buy it again!

It did not come with a battery charger, which was promised in the offer, so I sent it back.  Sorry.

This was the second LG VS-700 I'd purchased in 30 days.  I purchased it new in its original box and it's worked flawlessly since I first turned it on!  This phone replaced my first VS-700 that I bought used but in very good condition from a different vendor and it terminally failed within 3 weeks!  Moral of the story... if you're not willing to afford the hassle and expense of buying multiple phones, spend a little more the first time and get a better quality product!

The battery life is not good.  The phone does what it says and the description matched the appearance.  I would buy from again.

This was the second LG Enlighten I had to order this week, and I had issues with this one too. This phone was advertised as new, and when I receive the item it appeared to be new cosmetically. However, the battery to this so called new phone was clearly a USED battery. Since when do they sell new phones with USED batteries? Furthermore, the phone would freeze when I attempted to change the ringtone or notification tone. Nothing against the seller(BluTek USA) other than the USED battery issue, but I am convinced that it is the phone itself and not the sellerHence, I give the phone 1 star and the seller 3 stars for the USED battery. Needless to say I returned it the same day I got it. The first LG Enlighten I ordered this was a defective refurbished phone. It would not charge fully and would power off constantly. Hope this helps.

This phone actually works at my house where my old phone which was a 4G droid razer did not work. The screen is much smaller and keyboard is possitioned differently due to size of phone. Got this phone because lost old phone, it was really only 6 months old.

I ended up buying two units because I figured I loose, break or drowned the first one.  So far the first one is doing great!  When paired with page plus services at 39.99 per month including a gig of data.  You can't beat the combination.  Page plus uses verizon towers so this phone works great!  Be sure to buy a mini SD card.

I've had this phone for over a year and it's the best one I've owned. Though this is my smartphone and I was cautious because of the bad reviews BUT it works great for me. I have no problems using it and the programs run excellent. The only issues I have had is the phone saying it had "insufficient storage" for a 6 megabyte app when there is 36 megabytes left. Also, if your battery dies and you let it drain completely; I've had issues charging it and starting it back up immediately. If you run the battery down completely, you have to leave it plugged in for a good 30 minutes before it'll even come up with the battery charging screen.Other than those two issues, it works wonderfully. I haven't had any issues with the screen, call quality, general functions of the phone. It hold my 16GB Micro SD chip, and plays music well. No problems at all.The battery it came with was in sort of bad condition (IE, I would have the phone powered up and using it and the battery would run down and die within 6 hours, which isn't that bad) but I bought a new battery and the phone will run, with FB, Twitter, Instagram, etc. for a full 12 hours on full charge.I recommend this phone.

I ordered this phone about a month ago. It arrived promptly and in good condition. I switched from my old phone to this one without a problem (I just took it to a Verizon store and they did everything for me at no charge).So far the phone is pretty great. It's my first smartphone and I'm only using it for basic things like checking my email (Gmail) and a little websurfing. But it reacts quickly to gestures and loads web pages just fine (not instantaneous - but I think that's the network more than the phone).The call quality is VERY GOOD which is really important to me since it's my only phone. So this is a big plus!The OS is very user friendly (for me) and options and settings are pretty easily figured out. Pictures and video on it looks good. I love the slide out keyboard - it makes it MUCH easier to text and type in anything on the phone!My only complaint is that the battery drains pretty quickly if the phone is in use. I turned my screen brightness all the way down and turned off the WiFi and that seems to help. But I still have to charge it every night and I carry a charger with me during the day just in case. (But I've discussed this with other smartphone owners and it seems that, for most smartphones, this is just where the technology is at the moment.)Overall, for $130 (which was the price on Amazon when I bought it) I think it's an excellent phone.

I ordered the phone to replace my current defective phone that is still under contract. The charging port on my original phone went bad. Unfortunately, after 90 days during which I was extremely cautious and careful with the charging of this new phone, the port is also beginning to go bad. The phone is only 3G and freezes while loading pages. It is a real pain. Only good for text and talk. Sorry for the poor review. It is my truthful experience. :(

a little used and worn but works well.

I recommend this phone to folks who text, email, call from their phone more than anything else but still want to easily browse the web or enjoy some media. It's not a pocket size multimedia extravaganza, but it is excellent in all communication functions, and even a little more.I use this phone on Page Plus. This phone is perfect for Page Plus, aside from all the "V"apps you can't get rid of.I purchased this phone new. It arrived brand new in box with battery, charger/data cable, and 6gb SD card installed. It actually arrived a week early so I was very thrilled, had a horrible week and it was a pleasant surprise! I purchased this phone because my previous phone's(HTC Eris) charge port wasn't consistently working. I didn't really like the Eris anyway, it was an emergency purchase when my amazing Blackberry suddenly bit the dust in the middle of planning an event. Anyways rather than bothering to get it fixed I decided I'd do some research this time so I'd get a durable phone that I actually liked.I like this phone because it is no doubt a PHONE... a lot of smart phones get so cluttered with all kinds of other features that actual phone/text related functions get buried. Of course I like the convenience of GPS, being able to check my email, browse the web, check up on FB, take and send photos, but what I value above all this in a phone is ease and functionality in the call and text message department. That and battery life...battery life is pretty decent on this phone, exceedingly better than my Eris. I browsed Market and web with GPS turned on for about 7 hours non stop before the battery got down to 18%.As I hoped, phone calls and texts work very smoothly and efficiently on this phone, but it also does a much better job at smartphone functions than I expected...web browsing is pretty smooth(I always install my own browser app), GPS does its job, email and Google apps all work well, my apps such as Google Drive, Kindle, banking, all work fine. Wifi works great, haven't tried bluetooth yet.Camera and internal storage are the only reasons I hold back one star...Camera isn't awful, but not great, especially since it has no flash. But I have a camera, so no biggie. Phone's camera is good enough for capturing impromptu day to day moments. Internal Storage is VERY small. The good thing is unlike my Eris you can move apps to the SD, but only the apps that allow it. You can get a free app called app2sd that makes this process easy to manage. Hasn't been a huge issue for me, but there are a couple of apps I really wanted but I did not install because they take up too much space and can't be moved to the card. So keep that in mind.Some more random pros and cons...Pros:Slide out qwerty keyboard or virtual touch screen keyboard. Both very responsive. I love the slide out keyboard. Screen rotates automatically and pretty smoothly. Pinch and zoom browser. Runs very fast and smoothly, touch screen very responsive. Solidly constructed. Combines Android 2.3 with LG interface, very user friendly. Flash player. Factory 6 gb SD card can be swapped up for up to 32 gb card. I currently have an 8gb and its all I need. Apps that allow it can be moved to SD card, making up for the phones low internal storage.Cons: a bit heavy and kinda thick. tiny internal storage. lots of pre-installed apps that I will never use and cannot remove. Using Android on LG interface can be a bit confusing. Display is more than adequate for my purposes, but screen resolution is noticeably lower than most popular smart phones, even my old Eris(doesn't look pixelated or anything that bad, but some high quality graphics won't shine as they should on this screen). Although the phone is overall solidly constructed, the slide out keyboard is a tiny bit wobbly when shut or all the way open. It doesn't feel like it would break off, but it can be a bit unnerving. Maybe it is just mine?This is an excellent basic smart phone if your priority is text, email and phone calls.This is no Motorola Droid, Galaxy, or iPhone, etc. But if you want a Motorola Droid, Galaxy, or an iPhone you should purchase one of those instead of looking at cheap alternatives... there's no way around it. I like this phone a lot, pleased with the seller.

This phone is very out of date, many apps are not able to be installed on it and it does not make calls

My first entrance into the world of smartphones. This droid is incredibly easy to use, and I would highly recommend it.

Purchased a refurnished phone and it works as good as new phones I have bought in the past.Why buy $100's when far less than that will render the same results.

I actually bought this phone off of ebay for an unbelieavable price of $8 (plus $10 shipping). I had a lg env3 which I loved but I needed just a little more screen space. Just by chance or luck I decided to bid on this one and actually won it. It was a refurb which was fine and upon arrival it was soooo much better than I expected. I like the fact most that it has a qwerty keyboard since i'm one to use my phone moreso for the purpose of texting than talking on it. I must agree with some of the reviews as far as the camera is concerned because it sucks as far as taking pics in low light conditions but it's actually pretty good during the day or lighted conditions. This phone is very easy to navigate through menus and apps and the speakerphone is very loud which is great due to me not wanting to have a phone up against my face and those I call say they can hear me quite clearly and are unaware i'm on a speakerphone at all. I've read on some that the touchscreen is sluggish but after owning this phone for a little over a week that's a problem I haven't come across and the battery life is really good. I do recommend this phone, it's great.

I received it as a new phone.  Phone freezes and I have to take the battery out and put it back in for it to start working again.  Would not recommend this phone to anyone.  Went out and got me a new IPhone4 and have this one as an emergency back up.

I wanted to wait a bit to review this because I have been guilty of writing reviews before giving the product/item enough testing time. I had a LG phone prior to this one, it wasn't a &#34;smartphone&#34; perse, it was more of a 'dumb-as-a-box-of-rocks' phone that was even more limited by the phone carrier(Verizon), the old phone froze and locked up during one of Verizon's updates so I had to quickly buy a new one, I wasn't looking for a smartphone, but I decided for the price I would give this phone a try. First thing, right off the bat, I love how quickly the phone was shipped, got it in one full day(I do not count the day I purchased the phone since it was past the time to be able to ship anything). Onto the phone it's self, I was forced to upgrade my $30 a month service to a $60 or $70 a month service-I only mention this because I did not realize I had to do so, which-once i got my data service issues under control(shut down to use straight WiFI)and stop the data service charges, it's been wonderful for me. The phone is very responsive and for the limited amount of time I actually use my phone(mostly just texting between my husband and our kids to check in, maybe a few games downloaded)it's just fine for me. One issue I did have was the charge &#34;base&#34; or mouth(where you plug it into the wall), was defective and would not allow the phone to charge if plugged directly into the wall, the USB cord charged it just fine, but I like to plug it into the surge protector directly. Fortunately for me, I had a spare to use/replace it with. The other thing, not much of a issue for me, since I do all of my actual web surfing via my laptop or tablet, is the pretty limited Internal storage, about about 183MB with the phone running. I added 5 apps-only 2 of with run off the phone's storage, and I'm currently using 60MB. I have swapped out my 15gig SD card to this phone and I am very watchful to move apps that are able, to the card. It's not a huge bother for me since there it's a lot I do with the phone it's self, but something for others that may have more online demands, it may be a very big issue.

This phone is no good it locks up have to take battery out to reset it often in the day. It wont keep a good charge. I would not buy this phone again.

I have been using this phone for about 6 months now, but it already started to malfunction. Sometimes the screen does not open up and I can't use the phone. I have to take the battery out and put it back to turn it on. Sometimes it turns off by itself. Now the battery is not holding the charge. Even if I don't use the phone, in 1 hour the fully charge phone has no charge at all. I have to carry my charge with me everywhere. I have to order a new battery and I don't know how long it'll last.The camera does not have a flash, so it is horrible at nights. The video sucks at nights as well. They both are all right during the day. For the money it is not worthy at all. Instead you can buy Motorola DROID A855. It is a phone like the LG, but the camera is 5MP and has a flash. The price is about $80 brand new. Even if it breaks like the LG, at least you know you paid less.7/18/13 - To update my comments, I would give it a 5 star so far. I bought a replacement battery, but before installing it, I took the old one out, cleaned it (although no signs of any dirt) and put it back in it. It started working like brand new. Has been over a year now, and it is still working. As a matter of fact, my friend's Motorola A855 broke down completely. He bought another new Motorolla, that lasted two weeks. Now he bought the LG VS700 since mine has been working, so if you are thinking about buying the LG, go for it. Even the iPhone reviews complain about the Apple product, so getting this phone for the price is very well worthy. So I am changing the stars I previously gave from 2 to 5 stars.

Well, in all fairness, this is not your typical Smart phone.  I do love some of it's features though.I have had the phone for two weeks, and buttons are wearing out.  I had an iPhone that I lost.  I had an Android that died, and now this phone.  If I were a new user, then yes, this would be the perfect phone.  As it stands now, this is not the phone for me.

I got this phone because I lost my phone. Luckily I found it, but it is always good to have a backup phone laying around. Looks new and easy to use. Shipping was OK.

Eh, this phone is OK, but it is slow as. Used it as a replacement before my Galaxy note arrived. For the first few weeks (I had to wait 3 weeks for backorder on my phone) the phone ran fine, but the last week, it was extremely laggy, the screen would select things on it's own, etc. This phone works, but it isn't meant for a heavier user such as myself. I use my phone all day for things such as EBAY and Instagram, email sync etc, and the battery held great. However a lot of the functions took awhile. Answering messages (texting) lagged on the onscreen keyboard but worked fine on the keyboard itself.The phone itself works good as a phone, good quality sound from speaker etc.As a music player, without headphones this thing is just godawful. The sound quality sounds like the Samsung Juke, which by the way was also a bad phone, good as a phone and for texting, horrible itself for music.The physical keyboard itself works good, but trying to use the touchscreen keyboard itself, it just SUCKS! The keys are not that small, but the screen is off of calibration severely. Not even accurate one bit. Proximity sensor even delays. I thought that the Citrus was bad in this regaurd, this takes horrible touchscreen to a whole new level.Overall, this may work for the &#34;new to android interface user&#34; & its a good backup for if i ever need to send my phone somewhere for a repair, but nothing daily for me.The front end is plastic and isn't easily scratched, feels like glass, and won't crack when you throw it in frustration lol. I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.  I got mad at this thing one time and tried to throw it against a brick-wall, it boomeranged and hit me in the face, no joke. So, if you want to toss this, don't. It will ricochet and bust your face. Speaking from experience here, people.

The phone and everything was great.  The problem was there was no SIM card and I don't know if that is normal, if I missed that in the description or what happened.  I just know that it wasn't in the phone.

I need a phone fast and they sent it as promised. The phone came in the orginal boxed and new and I had no problems hooking it up to page plus straight talk. It is a 3G phone so it was easy to switch my information from one phone to the other.

I have had a Samsung smart phone for one week , I sent it back to Verizon. I love this phone, it is simple to use. The only thing bad about it is the battery wont last long enough. If any thing happens to it I will buy another lg

Great phone if you are not into the latest version!  I just need talk and text, however, this phone does much more!  I love being to see who is emailing me and to keep my inbox managed without logging into the computer.  I also like downloading games. The camera is good, but not great.  Would buy this phone again.

got  in record time  i just wish it came with a booklet.  I am scared to death of tech stuff and this is my first touch screen phone  would love help in understanding it

I received this phone BRAND NEW in its original box....with all accessories including the manual.I have Page Plus and it works very well with them...CDMA phones required to activate.The phone has provided all the needs I require...text....voice...online banking and all google play store apps...gps is always nice too....I don't need a camera or video...nor a large screen....the Qwerty keyboard has large enough keys to text easily along with a dedicated number row. This phone has been working better than any of my previous Motorola Droids...1...2...3...all died for no good reason....this phone was very affordable...I can buy 3 for the same price as the others....so if it dies like the rest..oh well.

I really like the phone and it's function.  Too bad it didn't last.  About 6 weeks after I activated it the screen stopped functioning and then the phone stopped working all together at about the two month mark.

Phone is really good, I mean it's too good for me. I had to drop it in a pile of dog crap to bring it down to the level of my lifestyle.

When I first got this phone I was really excited! I liked it for the google play apps. I was able to get Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. Which is something I wasn't able to get on my older phone. I tried the camera right away and was not impressed. It was really dark (it also could of been from my lighting in my house) The pictures themselves(with the right lighting) are really well! Video is great as well. The slide out keyboard is really well to use when on Facebook and Twitter.Now, the reason I was not impressed with the phone is because of the internal memory is not even a Gigabit. Yes there is an option to put a memory card in but since I have only 5 installed apps(Facebook, Instagram,Snapchat, Pandora and Twitter) it will not allow me to add more apps due to low memory.Overall this phone is a great smart phone it just lacks the internal memory that would make this a keeper. Well I am going to keep it, because when I contacted the company to return the phone they told me it would be a "$50.00 restocking fee for non defective phones"

Ordered this phone and it never worked, not even for a day.The reviews said that this was the case often from this retailer - I now can confirm that this is accurate.  I returned this item but it was a waste of my time as I should have never even ordered it.

Phone is as stated. I would like to stress that customer service from this facility is outstanding. Any issue you may have will be dealt promptly and they go above and beyond.  Highly recommend not only the phone but also buying from this company

This cell phone was great for a used one. It arrived on schedule which was very nice. Unfortunately I could not use it because it was not compatible with the prepaid options.  My refund was quick and without issues. I would absolutely do business with them again.Arizona

It has wi-fi, 3+ MP Camera, touchscren, Android OS, hotspot. I don't know what else can you expect from this smartphone.  Touchscreen is very sensitive and responds the way it is supposed to.  The battery back up time is also good.  I will recommend this phone to my friends and I rate this as a 5***** phone.Thanks.

I got a good deal on this considering it is used...I will definitely recommend it to my friends and colleagues

The phone seems to work ok but the battery is junk, and  holds a charge for only 2 hours. I had to buy another battery for it after only one week of use.

I love this phone and my husband bought it because it says it's a nondata phone, but when we put it on our phone plan the carrier said it needed data to update date and time so we couldn't get a plan with no data.  I gave it a 3 star because eventhough it's great I can't used it unless I get a data plan.

So I recently purchased this phone since it can be used without a contract, and for $50: much less than any god forsaken markup Verizon has on amazon.It works great as a cheap, low end smartphone, but has many flaws, which include software and hardware, and so I cannot rate this higher than two stars.*Occasionally it will simply stop sending/receiving text messages. So far I have little idea how or why this occurs. This proceeds for any length of time and/or until multiple restarts of the phone*The battery life is poor. Any use of apps sucks the battery usage to less than a day. Skype alone will suck up the battery life in a mere 2-3 hours.*Sometimes the micro SD card stops being read. This was never an issue on my previous phone with the same card, and so I can only reason that it is a software/hardware defect.*The available flash memory is so small that few apps can actually be downloaded without an SD card to put them on, which then defeats the purpose of a smart phone. Not to mention there's no legitimate way to download larger apps, because there is no option to download APK/install files to the micro SD card instead of the phone flash storage.*Update - the screen will stop being responsive after seconds of being in cold temperatures*Update - its problems are getting worse. Messages fail to send with no information available consistently. I wish at this point I could rate it 0 stars. Waste of money.Overall, like I said, it's good for $50, but the poor quality of the software and hardware should never merit the current $75 asking price here on Amazon.

We bought this phone for my son, he didn't care that the cosmetic condition was 7/10. It was listed as being in Perfect working condition. It lasted ONE week. The seller sent us a new battery, it was the wrong battery, then he had to order another battery. The PHONE still didn't work. The salesman at the Verizon store, said the phone was worn out, not the battery! The seller tried to cooperate but, he shouldn't sell items that don't work. It  was $59 . Very disappointed!

Phone easy to use, the picture is clear easy to download apps ringtones etc. like the fact the keyborad slides down or use by touch. no problems at all.

I brought this phone for an early birthday gift for a family member who leaves out of town. His birthday was 2/11 and upon activation of the phone he has called me 3 times to say the phone freezes, blacks out and when he ends a call it still show the person is still connected. It has been over a month since I purchased the phone and I am not certain if he could receive a replacement at this time. However the phone has been activated for less than 2 weeks and he has been having trouble since the beginning.

this was a good replacement for my 14 year old that keeps dropping and braking her phone it is holding up nice.

I would never buy another cell phone on the internet again when I went to Verizon to turn it on found out the phone was lost or stolen so I never got a chance to use it

The phone works great but the battery doesn't keep it's charge very long.  I have to charge it every night and sometimes dies during the day.

This phone did not work right i had to send it backthe battery did not hold a charge after chargingall night the phone was dead in 2 hours frustrated...

Phone was a piece of crap. Used it for 3 or 4 days and the battery wouldn't hold a charge and the mom or was full of stuff I couldn't delete. Would've gave 3 stars until I found nude pictures  saved into the phone. Don't waste your money on the phone or the seller.

This is a terrible phone! The screen is way to small to use ANY of the web based functions. The battery life is extremely short. It doesn't work with most charges as well. what ever you do don't buy this phone!

phone screen goes into sleep mode and I can't get it to start unless I shut off and turn back on

So originally it took a week from the time I ordered the phone to here anything back about my order, luckily Amazon upgraded my delivery status and gave me 2 day free because of the issues.The phone itself has worked great since we have had it, my daughter enjoys the keyboard that slides out and it was very easy to add to my Verizon account. So far its been a great phone for a great price.

most nonuser friendly thing i have ever seen. returned it and went back to my flip phone. showed it to computer savy friends, and they suggested returning it.

Phone was great replacement, price was right, and it arrived in less than a week from order.  The only issue is that the battery doesn't hold a charge for long.  It was the best $60 I have ever spent, my carrier was asking for $250 for replacement phone!!

This phone is great. My daughter loves it. and the best part is no contract so you are not stuck if you want to change.

i chose this rating because i am very glad i bought this phone and happy with it. i would recommend it to anyone and everyone.

I have been running around for years buying basic cell phone because I was afraid to get a smartphone; how silly was I? This phone is an awesome android and again am so glad I made the purchase! And as always the price was right!

Phone was old, scratched, has no storage  and definitely was not worth 60.00. Really disappointed, this was a waste of money.

This is a good phone, although admittedly I am not tech savvy. I bought this for my wife to upgrade to smart technology ( I have no desire). The phone has adequate battery life and speed. It seems to do everything she needs in a slim, sleek package. The phone was sent mistakenly to an old address on file at Amazon. It made it to that adress but was refused and returned to the seller (thankfully). They forwarded it to us free of charge. It took a month for us to finally have it in our hands, but considering the phone's extebded trip, I thought that was pretty good. To be fair, the seller was prompt in contacting me when I notified Amazon of the (my) shipping mistake. They offered a way for me to contact a representative of the seller directly as the problem persisted. And they forwarded the phone free of charge...so I was appreciative. That said, the response they gave me for the problem was to distance themselves from the cause as their first priority and to drive home the fact that they would not be held liable (they did ship it to the address listed). I imagine if it were lost they could have offered me new phone as a goodwill gesture free without much real loss, or offered me a new one at cost but they made it clear they would not. In the end the fix was easy for them (send it on)and they tried to persuade me that it was at great lengths that they alleviated the problem (it was not). Incidentally, two other items shipped directly from Amazon as the seller and were lost. Amazon gave me a full refund for these objects...so there you go.

I recommended it highly.  The price and performance is excellent.  I recommend it highly for our younger generation for a learning tool and it gives them a better understanding at a reasonable price.  Believe me...you will not regret it...

I bought 3 of these and used them for about 3 weeks.  They ALL shut off by themselves and drop calls.  They freeze up (as stated in another review) and the memory is non existent.  I am so glad they are within the 30 day return time, absolute junk.

I really like this feature....the slide open keypad.  It's SO much easier for someone with pudgy fingers and poor eyesight to hit the right keys when dialing or texting..  I sometimes use a stylus (the hard end) to enter text. Works good.

It was nice, I ended up not needing it after all.

I got this for my dad as his first &#34;smart&#34; phone to use on Page Plus network. He isn't very tech savvy but he knows that a battery shouldn't die so fast/often. He doesn't use many apps but I know he is a talker. I will need to get him an extended life battery. I believe that all smart phones should come with one but then the folk who sell these batteries would probably not be happy as they wouldn't make $ from us who need better battery life!

I really like this phone it works for me.Very easy to use.If you don't like smart phones.Much nicer then a flip phone.
