
I personally loved my nokia twist. I've dropped it a few dozen times from very high places and it never broke but the screen started glitching. That's my own fault though. If you need a simple texting phone, this is the phone for you.

Truly the worst phone I have ever had!!!!!! I replaced it within 2 months! It is hard to answer, hard to use. I had to replace the battery 2 times.  It is hard to use and hard to answer!  It's cute but don't even think of getting one!!

My son wanted this phone because it is so cool.  He loves the features and the uniqueness of it.  Mostly I am writing the review to compliment Oakland Wireless.  The charger they sent originally didn't work, but when contacted they were responsive immediately.  We have the new charger and everything is working great.  I would recommend doing business with them.

i got this phone a couple months ago, its so cute and fits in my hand perfectly. only problem is after having it for a few months the battery will say its full and then be dead five minutes later and then will jump up to 2 bars. it never jsut stays how it should be, also when i flip it closed the screen doesnt shut off and &#34;lock&#34; like it should so it wears the battery down and the screen will freeze and glitch and ill try hitting end and it doesnt do anything up to 15 minutes so i always have to take the battery out. its a real hassle. but the over all size and everything of it is good. but im probably going to be replacing this in the near future.

The seller I purchased from sent it to me and it arrived safe and sound and was surprised to see that they also provided a car charger as well.As for the phone, I fell in love with the size and design of it. Sound quality wasn't the best but it helped to hold the phone backwards so that the speaker was closer to my ear and seeing what updating the software could possibly do. Not much text memory and I had issues occasionally where I couldn't read a message cause it'd display it blank. The phone would turn off on me randomly and I'd have to turn it back on and would freeze on me on occasion as well. Aside from the issues I had it did do what I needed and wanted it to do. I even dropped it in the toilet and after some time it was back to normal.I've dropped it many times and only thing that has happened to it is that the top and bottom parts of the phone no longer are flush with each other when closed. It can take quite a beating!

I had a small issue with the phone but seller was quick to replace my phone in a matter of hours. I have my new phone now and works GREAT. It's small and compact and easy to text on without having to purchase a data package. Not only was I impressed with the phone itself but with the great customer service. VERY IMPRESSED.

I love love love this phone. Verizon no longer carries it and when my old twist broke  I went to Nokia who directed me to amazon's secure/preferred site.  I did not want a smartphone, but I still wanted a "cute" phone that had great texting capabilities.  I would def reccomend it!

This was bought for a 13 year old and it is perfect. The twist design is modern and quirky. There is an area that lights up different colors for the varying functions....text, call, etc. We added a Zebra skin sticker and she is very pleased. Awesome!!

I LOVE this phone. I have had it for about a month and I don't ever want a different phone. It's perfect for texting and it lets you change the color of the clock to any color you want!!!!! If you are looking for a new phone i found this one unique, durable(i dropped it a ton and there is no difference!), fun, and everthing i wanted!!!

My item didn't work when I got it activated. I thought it would be a better phone then it turned out to be.

Very clearly a previously used phone. Came in an opened box with a proprietary charger (not microUSB, as this phone requires) and nothing else. The battery was definitely not new and had several scratches on it. Not the end of the world (hey, it only cost $50) but just be aware that you're buying a previously used phone and it might not work correctly.

Purchased on July 18, 2012 so it's been roughly a year and a half since I got this phone. Over all I like this and think i was a good purchase, however it has a glitching problem that started late November. Every 3-4 sent/received texts, the screen will freeze black or it will simply not allow me to access any messages and I have to restart it. The glitch is inconvenient but can be worked around and considering the low price, not having to pay for a data plan or sign up for a new contract, and that it has worked well for me for over a year, I'm not super devastated about it. I think this phone would make a good short term replacement phone.Pros:+ QWERTY keyboard that is reasonably sized (great for people who dislike touchscreen)+ Easy to set up and navigate+ It's Small and easy to take with you.+ Doesn't scratch or break easily, and can stand a little rain.+ Attractive design and neat features (great for preteens/teens)+ Relatively Inexpensive (great for everyone but lets say parents and college kids like me)Cons:- You are unable to turn off the LED functions. For Instance, its super-bright flashing when you charge it, will keep you awake if you charge it overnight. It does this regardless of the phone being turned off.- Glitching problem within 1 1/2 years. Again, it's navigable, but time consuming and inconvenient.- Oversensitive touch buttons even on the lowest setting of sensitivity. Again navigable but annoying.I would say that this is an over-all decent product. I wouldn't buy it again but I think it's a viable option for people depending on your situation and what you're looking for. Even though, in the end, it was hard to deal with, I don't feel any buyers remorse toward the purchase of this product. I hope this review has been helpful! :)

this phone you have to have a data plan with Verizon I bought it and wanted to put it on my 35 dollar plan but cant waste of money

Phone was cool but it don't hold charge... Had it for 3 days and then charger stop working. Took it to a verizon store and they said it's the battery. Waste of money

I got this from the verizon store, and was also told it wasn't very popular due to being unusual. Well, I like unusual, and I played with it at the store for a while, and liked how it felt, how easy it was to use, and how solid it seemed. I was not disappointed. The hole in the swivel area made it perfect to go on my keychain, where I never lose it or leave it behind. It has taken a LOT of abuse. The swivel hinge is solid, no wobbling or breaking. I tend to fidget with it a lot, flipping it open and shut, open and shut. No problems. No looseness or wobbling. Good reception, good sound, good software. Battery charge was awesome when I first got it, now is just average, but hey, it's 4yrs old on the same battery. I had an issue where I thought it wasn't charging anymore, turned out it was the CHARGER that wore out, not the phone. I just use my kindle charger for it now, and it works fine. I still get a good 2 days on a charge, with average usage. Less if I use bluetooth or have it on vibrate. Lots of useful features, well organized menu, and able to change around the menu to fit your needs. I have only one complaint, and that is verizon, not the phone -- due to an update with vz navigator and mobile email features, they're no longer accessible thru the main menu, they have to be accessed thru get-it-now. I created shortcuts in my shortcut menu, but still.... Occasionally also, since an update to the browser, it locks up when trying to reach a page that takes a lot of memory. never did that before the update. Verizon keeps trying to get me to get a new phone, but I haven't found one I like as much as this one though, for as much as I beat it up. I don't think any of the smart phones would hold up to the abuse I put this thing through. When it finally dies, I will likely get another one just the same.

I bought this for my wife to flash to cricket service. *UPDATE* DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!! Shipped and sold by Oakland Wireless.  The first phone we received worked for about a week till the OK button fell off.  The company was contacted and offered to send a replacement.  We received the replacement phone and the thing is so glitchy that it is useless also.  Now I am returning the phone and am very dissatisfied that I have to pay the shipping to send the phone back to the company.  I use Cricket service and for each phone have already spent, or wasted 80$ total in flashing and activation fees....Nokia 7705 Twist Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless)

I have had this phone twice and am a huge fan! when i bought it the first time, i was told by the salesperson at Verizon that it doesn't hold up well and people don't generally like it. I didn't listen however, and am glad i didn't! its very interesting with the displays and the overall look, which i like since most Verizon phones all have the same displays. I love how unique it is! the battery life is average, and pretty good. Its pretty durable (i even left it out in the rain and it continued to work!). It's not slow and displays texts in conversations. The only complaint i have is that one day, after about a year, it refused to charge and i had to get a new one.

My girlfriend has been playing with it consistently since she received it, and has no  complaints so far, I recommend this phone. :)

This phone is pretty cool. If I could rate it on coolness, it would be a 5. People like to talk about it and it's a neat thing to show off, but there are some serious flaws.1. About every 10th message I get, the message center becomes disabled and I have to turn the phone on and off to even be able to read or write a text message.2. When you are trying to type a phone number like 1-800-VERIZON, there is no way to know which letters go to the number keys. If you haven't memorized the mappings, you have to look at someone else's phone to figure it out.3. I don't expect much from a camera on a phone, but this one is especially disappointing. If you get a phone with a camera because you like taking pictures, this is NOT the phone for you.Things I like:1. Speakerphone is decent. Not amazing, but quite functional.2. Keyboard is very friendly. Good button feedback and logical placement of symbol sub-keys.3. The size of the phone is unbeatable.4. Battery life is fantastic.5. Cool factor. People really do like to talk about this phone. It's a nifty little gadget.Overall though, I don't think I'd really recommend it.

I liked the phone but it is really easy to break. It fell out of my pocket while I was sitting and now it doesnt open and close properly. Also it freezes up if I get a phone call, once I hang up the phone screen won't change so you have to take the battery out and start the phone again.

My daughter loves the phone.  The keys work well with her small hands and she loves the shape.  The first phone that we received wasn't working properly, however the seller exchanged the phone without any issues.  the second phone is working great.

it must have been the same one whats her name sent back this did not charge or power on it was dead it was new but a dud it looked pretty cool though to bad

This is nothing more than junk! Don't buy as the battery will have issues, once you drop it for the first time the sliding arm breaks!

Sound quality good. Resolution good. User interface good. This phone satisfied my requirements: Ease of use. Intuitive operation. Design targeted to text, phone call and messaging.Its diminutive size naturally complements a small footprint that doubles with the flick of the user's finger. Remarkably, I have no trouble hearing the different tone notifications (set up by the user) and am able to respond as quickly as my recently purchased Android smart phone. The ability to tag photos with each caller, immediately route to voice mail or respond, or answer seem to flow so easily that I feel I have lost nothing in comparison to my wife's iPhone or my Android. Also remarkably, the speaker on this Twist performs better than my new smart phone.Ironically, when considering its age, the younger crowd finds the square phone appealing. Also, the swivel ring lights up with user specified colors depending on who is calling.One Con for Some: Though I don't play apps on my phones, the user of the Twist will find apps for the Twist expensive compared to today's apps for both iPhone and Android.Within one week of use, this is my favorite phone. Considering it was implemented in 2009, I may buy another one as backup when this one falls apart.One last point: While my other phones are on contract, I chose to pay-as-I-go each month with Horizon. I had noticed another reviewer stating such a plan was not available. Well, it is. For $40, I get unlimited text and calls, and 1G of download.

This has been my favorite phone.  It is small and easy to use.  I don't understand we it got bad reviews in general.  It simple great to talk and excellent for talking and texting and that's all I really need the phone for.

the twist phne i purchased is a great size to fit in ur pocket....its a kool little phone , love the way it twists open.it handles all i need in life.

I absolutely love this phone. The only thing that I am not pleased with is how long the battery holds a charge.. But still lovee the phone!

first they were not courteous when i called about my purchase and then the phone had the wrong battery so the back of the phone wouldn't go on

this is a good phone but verizon will charge high price for prepaid 75.00 a mouth but good if you have a two year plane

My 13 year old loves this phone, and all of our friends comment on it. It is small enough for her pocket, and flips open quickly so that she can send texts. We have not had a problem with this phone in any way.

Is awesome for the most part, however the quality for phone calls is dreadfully awful. The buttons could work better too.

I love this phone so much, I keep replacing it with the same one. I do a LOT of texting and I wear them out at about a rate of once a year. A am so afraid that I will not be able to get one eventually, that I always keep a back-up ready, As soon as I replace the phone, I buy my next one, so that I know when I wear it out, I will be ready.This is by far the best phone I have ever had. I do not know what I will do when I can no longer get it!

I recently purchased this device after a lot of searching.  I wanted to find a unique Verizon phone that would be easy for texting and phone calls.  Through the reviews and pictures, I found the Nokia Twist to be extremely cute and functional.  I was right about one thing: it's a cute phone.  But, I'm afraid everything else about the phone is not up to snuff.  After just one day of having the phone, I became completely frustrated with the touch-sensitive buttons to the right and left of the 'ok' button.  They were constantly being pressed- even though I was no where near them- and I couldn't even enter my contacts without problems.  The battery only lasted half of the day, even thought I had charged the battery as soon as I received it.  Overall, I was disappointed with the Nokia Twist.  Here's my list of pros and cons:PROS-  Keyboard is nice, Design is very cute and unique, very compact for easy pocket storageCONS- Battery life is terrible, touch-sensitive keys on the front are annoying and don't work correctly, sorting through new messages is a pain (the 'sort by contact' option does not work)Take what you will from this review, but if I had to make the choice again I'd say go with another phone.

We purchased the phone as a new item, it's one month old and it already has issues freezing up. This is my teenage daughter second time trying this phone. She doesn't want to have anything to do with this type of phone anymore.Sorry Nokia

This is the second Nokia twist I have ordered from Oakland Wireless. (My son lost the first one). This is a great phone and does not require a data plan. My son likes it, and thinks it looks cool. I have been impressed with Oakland wireless customer service. The phones arrived quickly. The second phone battery was too tall for the back of the phone case to fit. I called Oakland wireless and explained the situation. They sent me a new battery that day, no questions asked! The new battery arrived quickly and fit perfectly!

The phones battery cover would not stay attached and it freezes up to the point it CAN NOT BE USED, was shipped with a after market charger....JUNK.

We purchased this phone and it only worked for 2 weeks. I put it up to charge like I always do and the next morning It was still dead. I tried several times to charge it, then i went out and purchased another charging cord. Still wouldn't charge. I took it to the phone Dr. and he said it was a piece of junk, they don't last, and he wouldn't recommend them to anyone. It was a gift for my daughter, so i was upset. I tried calling this place and they never got back to me. DON'T BUY ONE

! am very satisfied with this phone. I had the same phone and it broke after years of use and abuse. I liked it so much i wanted another. I was so happy I was able to purchase another in like new condition. Happy, happy!

Phone was nice while it lasted... Broke on me twice, and I am not hard on my phones at all.  The hinge is very weak but the design of the phone was cool.  I would not recommend.

I miss having a phone this small.  It's great for texting and fit in my pocket perfectly.  After replacing it several times over the years (6 years totaly, I think), I finally &#34;upgraded&#34; to one that feels to me absolutely huge.  Can someone re-create this, but make it a smart phone with the entire screen a touch screen?  I would buy several of them!

I bought this phone for my daughter when she was about 10 yrs old.  It lasted about 5 years and then died.  Not too bad when you consider the punishment a teenage girl can do to the little buttons on the phone while texting.  I thought maybe she would ask for a different phone.  She didn't.  She wanted a Nokia 7705 Twist replacement.  She loves this phone.  It is unique and a conversation piece.

The phone freezes. You have to turn it off to infreeze it. This phone is cheaply made. This phone  didnt come with a user manual

We really like the phone even thoe the battey had some problems and needed replaced. The phone is very cool and it is not one that you  will see most people with so a lot of people will ask to see it. Great for a girl because it has a merror. Very cute and easy to use phone.

This phone is a cool little gadget.  It must not be apopular phone because no one seems to know what it iswhen I take it out.  "Oh that's a phone...that's prettycool" is often what I hear.It is small, fits nicely in pocket, features are convenientand easy to use.  Has cool animation creatures for contactsin your list (funny looking monster for "mom" and "dad", etc.)This review was entered by my 15 year old son.  He is theowner and user of the phone.

THIS PURCHASE WAS TO REPLACE MY OLD TWIST PHONE THAT BROKE  I REALLY LIKE THIS PHONE AND IT WORKS FINE VERY HAPPY.VERIZON CANNOT FIND THIS PHONE NOR CAN ASURION WANTED TO GIVE ME SOME OFF BRAND P.O.S. FOUND  MY OWN THANX GUYS.

When I went to the Verizon store to transfer my number to the new phone, they explained that to do so required a data plan. Perhaps I should have understood that a data plan was required from the mention of the EDO network in the product description, but I have only owned basic phones. Many basic phones can optionally use V-CAST data resources such as ringtones, etc., but not wanting them, I have always made sure that my plan with Verizon disallowed this sort of data use. I didn't agree to add an $10 a month for a feature I didn't want or expect, so I am returning it.A shame, because it looked like a great little phone.

While this phone is cute and very unique, it freezes and you can't do anything with it unless you turn it off first. Its very annoying when you're texting and you don't get a reply for a long time only to realize that the phone froze. Other than that though, the battery life lasts for a day or two and charges fairly quickly.

i got this phone hoping the nokia brand would give me better reception in the office: it's mildly better than the last verizon phone i had.  i was disappointed: compared to my last 3 nokia phones, the sound quality on this phone lacks.the keyboard is great: rarely hit the wrong key. the twist feature is awesome, auto-locks the phone when you close it, and displays your choice of screen saver, with option to unlock and view messages, ignore or silence (but not answer) incoming calls without opening the phone.also disappointing was the lack of memory allocation control.  you have a limited amount of text memory, with no option to copy texts to micro-sd.  music player and speaker were FABULOUS but speaker quit the first time i dropped the phone, with a hard case on.  i've dropped other nokias tons of times (in water too) without a case and they remained undamaged.the software is ok at best, not very intuitive at all (symbian was very intuitive, even more than the iphone software, in my opinion).  you definitely have to hunt through some menus to change options outside the norm (eg, ringtone, etc), and the graphical interface is klunky, especially when it comes to texting, which is a shame given how amazing the keyboard is.all in all, if i were a teenager and didn't require much from my phone, i would be very happy with this one: it's cute, small, unique, has avatars, adequate ring tones, great screen and keyboard, easy to text on.

buenas el tlf me llego con una bateria mas grande de la que necesita el tlf y por eso no cierra la tapita no lo he podido utilizar y lo peor es que compre desde venezuela y ya di mi dinero por perdido; no me gusto el producto me enviaron una bateria bl-5c y busque en internet y la bateria que necesita es bl-4c... agradezco respuestaNokia 7705 Twist Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless)

I think they charged too much for the item. These are not premium phones. Last one broke because of the phone not been made very good.

Exactly what I wanted! Exactly what the description said it was. My item got shipped very quickly and arrived safely!

Was looking for a neat non smart phone. It never even turned on!! wouldn't work at all!!! very displeased. DO NOT buy this phone.

Let me start off by first saying this: The operating system that Verizon put on this phone, it is not bad itself, but it is awful looking. Horrible GUI, and a somewhat lackluster degree of organization. I think my Shih Tzu might have been able to create something more tasteful (ah, but I jest, she is merely a dog).Now, for the actual review. This phone is solid. I have dropped it, easily, thirty or more times, and it has yet to break! I was afraid that the pivoting design might be very delicate, but, having owned this phone for nearly four whole months, and having dropped, thrown, and scratched it a whole lot, it is still running strong.The only downside to the hardware is that the back doesn't really seem too well thought out, which is unusual for a Nokia device.Overall, but it, love it, show it to your friends, your mom, and everyone who walks by and says "IS THAT A PHONE?!?!?", and than proceeds to grab your phone and oogle and drool over it. BAM!

it came broken it wouldnt go to the screen after it lit up. very dissapointed in the product that i bought

Terrible phone. I got this phone 5 months ago and its been nothing but problems. Doesnt charge when you plug the charger in. The charger it came with broke in a month and wouldnt work. Phone turns its self off with you close it. The battery lasts maybe half a day if you dont call on it. Broke mine with a bat. never buy this phone.

I had the cosmos touch for the longest time when it finally gave out on me I was constantly looking for a new phone that was just like it, I tried upgrading and hated the phone that I upgraded to and when I saw that this phone was brand new and was within my budget i tried it out. I love this phone, the key board is awesome and the different features it has to offer is awesome as well. The hindge is a unique part that i found interesting. When I first got the phone I thought it was going to be a little bigger but honestly the size that it is, is perfect.

This phone is great! It is simple to use and easy to carry. It even has options to help you personalize you settings in one easy step.

I loved the look of this phone. It was super cute and loved that you can customize the different lights for different people. Everyone asked what it was because it was so funky looking. Other than just the looks there is not much to the phone. The call quality sucked! It was hard to text on the tiny keys. AND it crashed on me after owning it for less than a month. Honestly you will be wasting your money on this phone. I regret buying it....

first of all, 5 days after i bought this phone it shut down andwouldnt turn on. i called nokia and they said go to a verizon store and get it flashed. Soooo.... we go to a verizon store and they say people come in all the time with this phone because it always has this problem. The thing is, they couldnt even flash it!!!! So i had to send it back, wait another couple weeks to get a new one, and pay for shipping. Overall this phone is a DECENT texting phone. It takes horrible pictures. And locks up every 5 seconds. SO DO NO BUY THIS PHONE!!!! I learned the hard way

Like many others I was warned by the verizon sales rep about this phone but fell in love with the shape and size. 4 years ago I had a baby on my hip and wanted something that would fit in most any pocket or be carried around my neck (the hinge is an open hole that I put a sunglass holder thing through.)  This has been dropped by me and my now 5 year old probably 100 times and the worst thing that happens is the battery falls out and I have to insert it again and start it up.  Recently I lost the mirror backing after dropping it and not realizing it but they included at purchase a second backing in midnight blue so I just snapped that on.  I've never had to service it and never had a battery life problem. I bought it at the Verizon store and it didn't come with a car charger but I found one at a gas station and then a second one for my husband's car at Big Lots for 4-7 dollars.How many phones fit in your back pocket completely?  While I don't text or do email this serves its purpose for me by being small, working constantly and dangit, just looking so darn cute.  I'm now looking to get a second phone on Amazon as Verizon doesn't sell this anymore and I'd hate to switch phones.  This week I think the snooze button didn't work once and twice this month the phone didn't ring but sent the calls eventually to voice mail so my little baby might be in her golden years and need to be put out to pasture.  But how many phones that have been dropped repeatedly would still be working after 4 years?UPDATE: It is with great sadness that I announce the end of my 5+ year old Nokia twist.  On vacation the joint-hole loosened and you can pull the two pieces apart about an inch, but they are connected still by a flat electrical tape-like cord and even with this tape half out and CRUNCHED between the two pieces when shut IT STILL WORKS! Its simply amazing and a true work horse.  I didn't buy my replacement twist as planned when the price shot up but now its more reasonable and I'm calling Verizon to confirm that they will set up my service on this.  I cannot say enough good things about this phone

I bought this phone because it wasn't a smart phone and I don't feel like paying for a data plan and it was really cool looking and worked really well but within a month it broke into 2 pieces from me opening and closing it from texting so much other than that i loved it it was a really cool phone all my friends thought it was cool cause it opened how it did and the ring changed colors based on who texted me. If you mainly text you need to be careful with how you open it or it could break if you don't text a lot i recommend this phone.

I love the texting on this phone. I'm not one for smartphones. So this phone is kinda a dream phone for me. The swivel design is really cute. The ring lights up different colors. I have really petite hands. So this phone fits well. If you have bigger hands, I would not recommend this phone. The keys are close together. Which may pose a problem for some people. I like the bigger clock on the lock screen. I would suggest a phone case. But that's just me... Delivery, was not an issue. I use this phone with page plus. No issue activating it. I have been using it heavily today. The battery still has a lot of life after a night of charging. No complaints at all.I had to add something to this.This phone is a beast. I dropped it in water...I really need to watch what I am doing..but I got the battery out really quickly. Dried it the best I could. Let it sit with the battery and back off. Phone works just as it did from day one! I really would recommend this phone for durability. I have dropped it running, multiple times. My umbrella cockatoo has gotten a hold of it...cracked by the "ok" button. I am amazed of the endurance of this phone....NO smartphone I have seen can withstand what this thing does. (I used to sell phones for T-Mobile) If you want a texting phone that will withstand extreme wear and tear, I say get this little gem!

Phone is in great shape and is new in the box. Comes with a car charger also. I only gave it 4 stars because the battery is bigger than it should be not allowing the back cover to fit. Luckily, my old battery was good out of my other phone so I was able to reuse it.

Very not impressed with this phone. upon opening it i realized within 10 minutes i would have to return it. The back did not fit with the battery in because it was the wrong battery. therefor the phone didnt work. while i tried to exchange it i was not able to and they when i tried to repurchase it there were no more. overall very dissapointed and do not recommend this phone what so ever!

I really love this cute little phone. My students all ask &#34;what kind of phone is that ?&#34; They say it is cool.

It's a good phone, I've had it before but sometimes text don't come through and it freezes often.  Overall a good cute phone that doesn't require a data plan

The mirror in the back shattered ,and when i unpluged it it took out the charger .DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!!!!!

went to have phone activated, was fresh out of the box, could not be activated because the "software had crashed"  phone is completely useless

This phone doesnt even deserve one star! I got this phone thinking...Hey! I wont have to spend tons of money on a phone or for a plan with verizon....I did good on the plan..BUT this phone is so touch sensitive it takes several tries for me to get to any part of the menu besides my contacts, dont buy this phone, scroll back up the page & move onto the next!

the team is not released so Venezuela can not operate in the most pitiful is that when they do not offer the product complete specifications of this equipment
