
I previously owned a phone like this but lost it, so i decided to buy another one. This phone is the same, good beginner android phone. It came with the software to root it, but i didnt do that. I haven't had any issues with it, other than sometimes when i hit the back key a few too many times, bing pops up with the word "fresh" being looked up, i'm not sure why lol. Bing sucks. Phone comes with a few useless aps but once you download the ones you want, you forget about those. If you're using too many aps, it can freeze but i'm a patient person. Overall, i love the phone even if it is a few years old. I feel like it can still compete with a lot of phones out now. It's small and sleek, but the screen is a good size and the visuals are good too. :)

I purchased the Samsung Fascinate in March 2014. I was a little unsettled by the cosmetic make on the phone, but accepted it, understanding it is used. Haven't tried downloading anything yet. Everything works perfect so far, charge holds for days, no sudden shut offs or ons like my husbands phone. Maybe he needs to try the Samsung Fascinate. Yes I would recommend the phone

freezes all the time it is a choppy phone and not reliable at all it is not worth one doller

well the packaging was great, the 1 day service was wonderful, and the samsung fascinate is just hum im out of words. my husband likes it more than i. i told him you better get your own. mine not for sale. 5  stars yall.

I bought this phone about 7 months ago and I absolutely love it.Before I had a Blackberry Storm, and this is a MILLION times better, and I chose this phone instead of the iPhone because I prefer Android. I really love everything about this phone, only reason I gave it 4 stars is because sometimes it freezes, but then again that has happened to every phone I've ever had. Sometimes it can get a little slow.But overall this is a great phone, and I'm surprised that there are so many negative reviews.

I actually traded a droid 1 for this and was intending to use it as my backup device(Droid 3).  I love this thing so much that the Droid 3 is on the dock on my nightstand and this one is with me.  The OLED screen is a marvel in itself.  Perfect blacks.  It is very lightweight.  I love the fact that you can change the fonts.  The phone isn't very fast but as long as you keep the apps to a minimum and don't bog it down with junk, you should be fine.  My complaints would be - needs a better resolution screen and the LED notifications would be nice.Signal reception is amazing.  I get reception in the weirdest of places.  The battery life is also very good.  Its a great all around phone!

The phone is great it is truely a high end smartphone. In my opinion it competes with the iphone 4. It gets a definite recommendation.

i was looking everywhere for this particular phone, NO ONE had them anywhere, i found a used one for $199, then this showed up on amazon for $60 cheaper and its brand new, ya can't beat that!

This is the most frustrating cell phone I have ever owned.  I take much of the blame for purchasing a phone after having done zero research, but we were upgrading my husband to the Droid X and if we upgraded me the same day this phone was free (after mail-in rebate Visa gift cards yada yada yada)...I had to wait about 7 moths for the Android 2.2 update.  Then all updates after that I can download about 3-4 months after they go live for all other droid phones.  That is due to poor support on the Samsung side of things, so I don't blame Verizon, just the manufacturer.  I will never purchase another Samsung phone.For the last year I have had to pop of the back and battery to reboot about 3-4 times per week.  This phone just doesn't handle updates well, and since the most recent Android system update, I can no longer use Google Maps Navigation.  I can view maps and see my progress on the map with GPS on, but I cannot use turn-by-turn directions as this phone freezes as soon as it loads the route.  It has done this about every other update, so maybe after the next one I'll be back to having Nav...Of course I had no issues until I was past the 30-day No Questions Asked return period, then I hopped onto some forums and found tons of people unhappy with the Samsung/Verizon pairing.  I understand that it's mostly functional with other carriers, so just do your research first.I'm going with a true Droid next time, maybe the Bionic.  Husband loves his Droid X, and close friend loves his Droid Bionic.UPDATE: 2+ years in...I am still using this phone because as soon as I upgrade, I'll be roped into one of the tiered plans instead of my old unlimited data plan when I first bought this phone.  Granted it IS STILL FUNCTIONAL, but I am still popping out the battery 8-10 times a week.  Some days I don't have to at all, some days it freezes 3 times.  I haven't noticed a link between any particular app and the freezing.  Sometimes I hit the on button just to check the time or if I have any texts, and THAT causes it to freeze up.  OR I try to do that and find that it is already frozen with the time stuck at 2 hours ago!The battery lasts about 7-8 hours so long as I don't use wifi/3g/nav or text too much... or talk on the phone more than 5 minutes.I still don't have the newest release of operating system either.

The phone its self was nothing but problems, But the seller was amazing with helping me! he let me return two of these phones due too a defect on both with out any hesitation! As far as the phones being defective, It was not his fault and he had no way of knowing they was that way! As soon as I contacted him on this matter he helped me resolve it right away! If I find another phone I like that he has I will continue to do business with him! We need more people like this seller!!!

I rate this phone one star because it was suppose to be a new phone but it was a not it had pictures in it now tht  is unacepptable and that is bad businesss and also the phone was freezing and cutting off i was disappointed all the way around cause im a loyal customer and eveytime i buy a phone i end up having to send it bck i am an unsatisfied customer and if this happens again i am going to take farther actions.

It came in a bubble wrap lined envelope which was kind of odd since its a phone, i expected it to come in a box.  Then the corners were beat up as if the product had been dropped, but it was a used product and thats to be expected. The battery is a little shaby and not to great but overall for 80 bucks it was a pretty good deal.

I could not get signal and could with the other phones with same provider.  I spent about 60 more dollars trying to get the phone to  work.  Finally bought another type phone.

you can't describe the phone in 16 words but I would buy it again in a heart beat. takes great pictures. price is right

Freezing every day. disappointed but it is a good phone with nice screen and camera but freezing is bother you everyday

I love the phone. It's in great condition and it works properly.the display is awesome and i love its features. I honestly dont have any complaints. I got the phone way earlier than expected so that was a plus. I reccomend this product to other consumers. It's worth every dime and the price was great considering that the phone looked brand new.

The battery life sucks, never had any service and it would randomly lock when i was texting or on it then when i wanted it to lock most of the time it wouldn't. But not only that it wouldn't send my text messages half of the time either.

We bought the Samsung Galaxy S Fascinate and after about a month it stopped charging. We bought another and now it won't charge. Is this common for this phone?

hate this phone no signal at home and hardly any service in the city wouldnt waste my money on this phone.

The best thing about this phone is that it didn't come with a thousand Apps that I couldn't remove although it did come with some.  At least I am now able to install ALL the apps I need and want. One disappointment was that this version of Android isn't compatible with the Chrome Browser :(The camera actually takes awesome pictures plus it has a FLASH and it ZOOMS!!!It didn't come with a cable to synch media with my computer which was disappointing also but  I was able to buy one at Walmart.Phone call quality is good.  I noticed that with the No Contract there are places that I no longer get reception that I did when I had I Contract but that is Verizon's fault.

I got this phone knowing it was not the fastest or best on the market but hopefully a cost effective alternative. The positives, clear bright screen, fairly fast, Wifi, decent picture quality. Now to the negatives, After two weeks of owning it the touch screen started to act up, third week the finish started to peel off like a scab, And after about two months the speaker has given out and the phone will not ring. To top it off is has many software glitches and a very short battery life. I have always been impressed with Samsung phones in the past but I am starting to change my mind.

This phone works really good.thankyou so much.I'm glad I got the phone.it works great and fast ty ty ty ty

I love love loved the phone!Ordered phone receive it after two day. phone works great. Best phone i bought so far highly recommend this phone to everyone

Shuts off whenever it feels like it, sometimes didn't allow me to make a call, type a text, or send a text. Freezes all the time, takes forever to start back up from shutting off--would choose what apps it wanted to open.....the issues are endless.....you decide.

I started a love/hate relationship with this phone over a year ago on contract with Verizon.  The software left much to be desired, but this new thing, AMOLED screen, was amazing!  Battery life just sucked.I had a couple problems with it, but Verizon always sucked it up and just sent me a new one.  I'm not sure if I caused the issue or not, all glitches and no physical damage.  Its been thrown out my car window 3 times with no damage!  That's the magnesium frame for you, very lightwieght and inertia free, but strong.  Very flammable though.So the secret to this phone if you buy one, is GeeWiz.  Its the software for the phone the way Samsung intended it.  Look it up and don't look back!  I can now go most of a weekend on light use, not a sip of charging.Why there is nothing like it: no other phone is as compact and light, while being a full smartphone.  iPhone feels huge and cludgy next to it.  A geeks choice.  Here she is docked on my dashboard: [...]

the battery was horrible charge lasted 3 hours and the charger that came with it was broken and didnt even charge the phone in the first place. will not buy from this seller again.

I had an iphone before this and then it broke i read other reviews saying its proceesor is very close to one. So i bought the galaxy fascinate and i love it! Its a really great phone and truly worth the money the processor is fast and hardly freezes or crashes. Battery life is also a big plus its last me all day and barely goes down when using my phone for internet,music or games and etc. Would recomend to anyone who is looking for a good and realible phone that is not six hundred dollars!

This is a good responsive cell phone. I've had no trouble with it at all. It's loaded with a lot of unnecessary apps you may never use, but that doesn't affect it's functionality. Good buy!

im wondering if anybody has used this under straight talk service if so please let me know how it worked before i buy it pros and cons would be great not just for me but for future customers as more and more people are turning to straight talk cause of their cheap monthly cost thanks

This is my first smart phone so maybe my review does not mean much. I did do research for a while before making the purchase though and the reviews on this phones abilities were great with the only drawback being the battery life. After having the phone for about two weeks, I have been very impressed with what can be done with it and have found myself using the phone more than my personal computer. The camera on the phone takes great pictures and is one of the reasons I went with this phone. As far as the battery life, with heavy use I have had to recharge the phone after only 3-4 hrs and that is with the brightness set all the way down and only a few apps running. With minimal use the phone can make it through the day. There is an extended battery that samsung makes which I have ordered that promises double the use time but this battery is twice as thick and with the special back cover sold with it, you lose the thin profile that many people like. In short, I recomend the phone as it is easy to use and the camera abilities are great but don't pay more than $100 for cause if you are willing to spend more money than get the Galaxy III which I plan on upgrading to when my contract with verizon is up.

Phone works good with my carrier.... Does what I need it to and has good apps availible. Overall good phone.

The phone is great. HUGE Screen, easy to use. I bought it for my wife whose phone was lost. I like it better than my stupid iphone 4S.

phone was bought as refurbished looked like new when i opened the box. use it all day and battery needs charging guess all smart phones are that way.

Item as listed. Great phone. Just remember to update your roaming capabilities, if you're on Page Plus. Dial *228 and select option 2.

The phone was delivered fast and was in great shape give or take a few scratches. It works perfectly. I'm happy with the purchase and the price!

Lost my iPhone and needed a phone that wasn't pre-historic! This phone was fabulous! Gave me an intro into the droids, and honestly, I do miss it. All of the customizations and password locked messages, etc. Any how, the phone arrived in great shape. Battery was good. New cord. I was happy with my purchase and will purchase from again if I'm ever in need of a quick affordable phone.

I like the phone and recamend to any one and easy to use , I have had this phone before but again

used him months back to buy a phone that said worked it wasnt for me it was a phone to replace my girlfriends phone that broke. she had one before and this one has 4 touch buttons on the bottom and 1 of the 4 buttons works witch made the phone nearly impossible to use. tried to return it via the seller. didnt want to refund my money told me i broke it and it was past my return day when the day i bought it and recieved it was 14 days later. had to get amazon involved to investigate finally guy decided that he was wrong and to cooporate and take the "damaged" item back. personally i wont use this guy for anything any more ive had issues b4 with stuff not working and sellers easily take it back to fix the problem. this guy didnt care about his customer just the dollars in his pocket.

Like the large screen and the various applications.  Also, it's thin.  Need to get used to typing messages or entering contacts.

This phone is horrible. It has major system issues. It crashes all of the time. It has been replaced once and still has the same issue. Buy a Droid they are way better!

This phone is the best phone I have had by far. I bought this phone in the beginning because my son had one and I played with his and loved it. I had looked at phones for a long time to find one that  I liked. I love everything about this phone.  I bought this phone from WalMart in the beginning but I dropped in WalMart and the screen busted and it was useless. Then I ordered this one to replace it. It works great and have had not problems with it so far. I am well satisfied with it  Just in case this one fails I bought another one to keep to replace it as backup. All have to do it get it activated.

on all my other phones (iphone droid hd etc.) I have had full signal bars. now I have 0 bars. please help me fix it.

i like this phone 100% but i didnt give it a 5 star rating because it freezes at times but not a lot. other than that i love this phone.

Works and looked just like seller said

I purchased this phone for my teenage daughter and she likes it fairly well. She said it moves a little slow though and that may be because it is a 3G device. When I received the phone, it had some blemishes on the back of it but the seller promptly gave me an incentive for the phone being damaged. I would recommend this seller to any one.

the phone is great except it started not working good after a few weeks. now cant send or get pictures thru texting. a few other things were not working right . was offered a refund or exchange but was not able to return in time. should be able to return anytime if something is wrong.

I was amazed at how fast this was delivered (just 2 days for me) even though it said from 4-14 business days. I connected it immediately. I would recommend for Page Plus Cellular customers, I was able to activate it with them. It was as described (to have regular wear damage) but it works and I love it! I'm just waiting for my phone cases so that I can protect it from further damage to the exterior (it seems the previous owners did not have it in some kind of protective case). Great camera and great quality! Super thin although it is bigger than my previous phone, the Samsung Illusion. I would  recommend!

Love the phone but would have liked it better if a manual was included.The box was not a Verizon OEM box.

I could not get this phone activated when I received it.  Verizon tried everything they could to get this phone activated for me.  Verizon kept telling me that they could not find it in the system.  I then took it to a Verizon store and when they opened the back, they told me it had water damage.  I contacted the seller to receive a refund.  To date, I have not received a refund even though I have returned non-working phone.  I'm now working through my credit card company to get a refund.I do not recommend buying from this seller.

I purchased this phone from Best Buy Mobile on a Verizon Wireless plan months ago. Let's just say, if you are looking for a phone that is never reliable, look no further!!Since I purchased it, the indicator light has never worked. On more than one occasion, when an incoming call was coming in, the phone continued to ring with one long ring, but you can't answer it. Good thing it was a family member calling regarding an emergency! The good news is that it only took about 5 minutes to remove the battery,restart the phone and wait for it to load before making the return call.Another great feature is when you are on a call and your call waiting beeps in, you look at the screen on your phone to "swap" or "answer" the call but the screen goes black after one second. While you are frantically trying to find a way to answer the important call, it takes so long to figure out how to get any screen back that the person calling has already hung up.Probably the most exciting feature is the random resending of the same text message. My tupperware lady was really excited to receive 103 (this is not an exxageration) messages from me that all read the same thing. She has a limited text plan, which is a fact most of us don't know about our tupperware ladies unless you are the lucky owner of this phone.The most reliable feature of this phone is the number of times it freezes. Whether it be on a call, trying to send a text or while using an app, you will never be disappointed. I almost forgot about the super convenient feature for those of us on the go!! While typing a text message, suddenly you will be backed out of that message and returned to your home screen. Never worry, your "message saved as draft". It only takes one hour to type a quick "hello"!My friends particularly enjoy my struggle with the small space bar located conveniently next to the period button. I never believed that my fingers were abnormally large for a 5'4 woman, but.this.is.what.all.of.my.texts.look.like.as.a.result. Maybe it's my apparently gigantic fingers' fault, but I have gotten used to every message appearing as a hyperlink.Finally, neither BestBuy Mobile nor Verizon Wireless will offer an exchange of the phone despite it's really reliable qualities as described above. I wouldn't expect anything less from my trusty Verizon who've I paid half my salary to on a monthly basis for as long as they have been "Verizon Wireless". Oh, and thanks for the new limited data plan which is super helpful when my phone refuses to 'log me out' of apps.

I love Samsung phones.  This was is compact and easy to keep up with.  Does it all. You can even download the apps you want.

The item was in good shape, I will definitely purchase more. Item was advertised correctly.  I'm very pleased with the item.

I enjoy this phone. Yes, it has some kinks in it, but with newer models out most older phones will. As for the shipping and condition it was great on both. Arrived about 3 days after I ordered it, and had all the parts that were described in the sell ad.

I was so happy when I first got the phone because we went on vacation immediately to the LA area and I figured the phone out (without a manual because it didn't come with one.)  I loved it and was so happy.  But when I got home to southern Michigan I found out that it didn't get service on most country roads and barely at all at my house.  I spent a few hours on the phone with verizon to see if a settings change would help but nothing did.  I couldn't use the phone at my house ANYWHERE except I found a spot in my backyard that got 3 bars.  We have had verizon for years and all my family gets perfect service here on a variety of verizon phones.  Regretfully, after imputting dozens of contacts by hand, I had to send it back because it is pretty useless if one can't talk to anyone from home.  Don't know if it was the Fascinate in general or if it was that phone itself.  I have ordered a different brand because I don't trust that it was the that type of phone and it is such a hassle to have it hooked up and then deal with a return.  Too bad.  If you live in a big city it is a great phone.

This phone screen kept freezing. Also was unable to obtain data usage. The phone was sent with a charger. This was suppose to be a new phone.

would not buy this phone ever again battery life? what life charg lasts maybe 4 hrs if your lucky be prepared to carry a charger everywhere you go. next thing is the charging portal, the charger would not stay connected to the phone everytime you want to use the thing you have to press the stupid little button on the side of it again and again to make it work one word to describe it? GARBAGE!!

This phone is pretty good. I bought used off of Amazon. It works properly and everything was updated very easily.  The screen is nice and the battery life and signal is better than my Droid Charge, that broke. Of course, it is a little dated, there is no 4G either or a front facing camera, but I am pretty happy with it.

We were able to get the phone turned on and hooked up to our cell plan just fine and everything on it still works as advertised.  It wasn't brand new, but close enough; the only wear that showed was around the charge port.

The phone hardware and battery life is fine. The custom Samsung TouchWiz is largely agreed upon as a hindrance to what could otherwise be a solid phone. Bing is the required default search engine and there is some other bloatware that can be overlooked. All in all I would still give the phone a 4 if not for the GPS being completely faulty. I have tried everything and  over 2 years I have only been able to get a GPS signal twice. Several other owners of the same phone have complained about the same problems sometimes replacing the phone 2 or 3 times with the same result. To my knowledge newer Galaxy models don't suffer the same GPS problems but if it is a feature you need it is imperative that you avoid this phone.

i never want to buy from them my phone doesnt even turn on. The worst possible service you can have why would you sell something that doesnt even turn on.

when i ordered this i never expected it to be it such a perfect shape and the time it took to come in was wonderful, i am soo pleased with this company and to learn that it is family owned makes it even better..  would tell everyone to order something from them so happy with everything about this company and service thank you

I swithched to iphone after this one. I could not get good reception with it on the same phone service as my current iphone. Also seemed very buggy after a short period of time. Ive always been an android user but no longer.

I absolutely love this phone. I know it inside and out. It is rooted so the bloatware is shut down. I'm running the 2.2 upgrage with a extended battery. I drive alot!, this phone hardly ever drops a call. Camera, speaker, volume, video is all Excellent. Screen is Amazing! I have this phone set up like a Dream Machine, i'm serious! If you know how to trick a android phone out to your liking than android can't be beat. Android is the way to go if your into tweaking, overwise your better off playing it safe with a apple, although i hear they are boring if you have already had a android, the apple people don't know what they are missing. But then again you have to put some time into android to really get to know it and Enjoy it otherwise you probally won't like it, just being honest.

Do not buy! The phone looks great, has decent graphics, ect...But the software makes it almost worthless. Freezes and shuts down programs constantly, internet is too slow to be worth using, battery life is terrible (can't make it through a full day without needing to be charged - which takes hours...), does EVERYTHING slowly, randomly turns on and off (sometimes taking you into safe mode), several times a day the screen light won't turn off (further wasting the charge) and you have to pull the battery out and turn it back on (which takes minutes...)I'd like to give this phone 4+ stars. Again, it looks great, has solid hardware and is easy to use, but the software problems are inexcusable and I can't wait until my next upgrade.

i choose the rating caused i had to get it fixed not knowing it was going to cost that much it's a good phone in general but it need  to be check out before sending it out to the customer he did offer to give me the refund back, but i didn't know it was going to be a problem again with the phone but i would had rated them higher they will tried to accommdiate you but it was something they wasn't aware of but again to get it fixes at the cell phone repair cost alot of money

I brought this phone from this sellig and i got it today, the speak phone dont work at all ...the menu button dont work 95% of the time just junk I would never buy anything else from this seller!!!!

My wife had an HTC Rhyme and has not has near the problems I have had with this phone.1) GPS function is very poor.  I cannot use the navigator function on Google maps because it cannot find a GPS signal 75% of the time.2) When I receive a text message (at least 4-5 times/wk) it does not show up in the icon window or indicate I have a message.  I have to go into my text message screen then it shows up there.3) I have missed calls because the phone did not indicate that I missed a call or indicate that I had a message or in some cases even ring.  (My wife called my phone while standing next to me and left a message-to test the system, and my phone did not ring and there was no message waiting until an hour later).4)  3-4 time per week the screen will lock and I cannot shut phone off by depressing the off button, I have to take the battery out.  I have plenty of RAM on the phone.5) Response time is lagging to perform functions.6) In my house using wi fi, 50-75% of the time it cannot find an internet connection, my wife never has this problem with her smart phone with same OS as mine.I write this review so other people do not have the same problems or frustrations I have had. I would not buy this phone again in the future.  I did my homework when I bought the phone but it was still relatively new, next time I will buy a phone that has a good track record.

This is a wonderful phone. I tried several phones before getting this phone and I am glad we found each other. I wanted a phone that would work well with PP providers and yet give me all the features PP prepaid offered and this phone &#34;Fascinates&#34; me, it did it. I can now enjoy my prepaid rate on this phone. The pictures are so clear you wouldn't believe.

It was a Christmas gift and so far the people I brought it far really like the phone. They love.

At first this product was great.. The Display was amazing. It blew my mind.. The texting is pretty good, I love the swype. But those are the only two things I liked about that phone.Now on to the bad things. The thing that bugged me the most is that sometimes when you pushed down the lock button, it would take a screenshot of the screen. The phone always glitches, every other time you use the phone. So Yeah don't get this phone.. Its annoying and is not made very well.

pro's1. omg omg omg the screen is so pretty (really you have to see for your self, this phone is the i-500. the i-510(samsung DROID CHARGEEEEEE is this phone + 4g) can be found in most verizon stores)2. hummingbird processor is "20% faster", but the important part is that the gpu(graphics card) is leapyears beyond any other phone at this price point.3. thanks to #2, if this phone is virtually unbrickable( in other words, there is nothing you can do to this phone software wise that breaks it for good)4. It runs on verizon and thanks to page plus, you can buy a used(check if its stolen or blacklisted first though) fasinate and activate it on prepaid page plus service(its a verizon reseller)5.Con's1. BING!2. also did i mention bing? also vz navagator, skype mobile(not to be confused with the other skype) and a bunch of other crapware.3. battery life. i worked a 12 hour shift this semester and this is the only phone that needs to be plugged in before my shift is over(my evo made it though when i turned 4g off and my samsung intercept has the same battery as the fasinate but it has a 2.6in screen vs the 4 inch on the fasinate.)

Samsung Fascinate No Contract Cell Phone 3G Andriod Prepaid Phone. This is a great phone with excellent features. I brought the phone on Amazon .Com used . It was like new the phone was so reasonable price I brought two one for myself and one for my 12 year old daughter.This is our first smartphone. We absolutely love this phone. We honestly don't have any complaints. This phone is two years old its like new and works excellent and loaded with features,Easy to use, Awesome Amoled Screen ,Picture Quality is amazing, Sound on this thing is outrageous . There are thousands of apps for this phone. All and all for a two year old phone it is a great product at a really cheap price. It suits our needs just fine. We love,love,love this phone. Will upgrade to next Galaxy S Series in the future.I would highly recommend this product to someone looking for starter smartphone.

The phone was just how they describe. I love it ans I will be doing more business with them....my only problem is I can't find a case to carry my phone in..other than that its a good phone.

well. my hubby is a business man and he had an old phone that looked much like a toy.. it wasn't time to upgrade but i thought he needed to look more professional.. and so i found this phone on amazon. my daughter had had one and loved it.. so i ordered it... i got it so quickly!  and the price was reasonable.. he loves it.. wooo whooo

I love this phone, it's comperable to my Driod X, has decent battery life, a nice screen, is easy to talk on and surf the web, plus facebook and other apps. My bf has the Glaxay SIII and this phone is very simialr in style and jsut has a few less bells nad whisles.

Great phone. Loved the graphics. We live too remote to get a signal with the carrier we bought it for. We had to return it and the seller was great! No hassles! Would definitely buy from them again.

I was expecting that the phone would come with a micro sd card the way my first one did from verizon. Seller should indicate that it is not included. I would have purchased one at same time.

Note: I am work from home, don't leave home a lot, and seldom use my smart phone for more than calls.First off the good:I love love loved the phone!  The uber sexy AMOLED screen is awesome to say the least. I love the quality photos, the macro on the camera is awesome! The video quality is really impressive! Sound quality excellent! Signal reception WOW! Out at our lake property, where most phones struggle for a signal if they even get one... the signal reception was outstanding! I loved everything about this phone!  The phone is really easy for a newbie to the world of smart phones to learn. I would give the phone 5+ stars for the AMOLED screen!Also, the phone is wifi capable, meaning when we traveled to Aruba, I could sit in cafe that offered free internet and sign on to send emails, Facebook or use Skype etc.  Loved having the phone!  It also took excellent pics even in low light... as well as wonderful hd video!Here's the rest of the story....I received this phone for Mothers Day 2011. I named her "Ame" after her AMOLED screen.  Unfortunately by June 3G quit working. First, I called Verizon who walked me through a reset, explained about removing the battery blah blah blah.  The reset didn't last... so the next day, I called Samsung directly because they are the manufacturer.  The Samsung Tech walked me through a different reset than than Verizon had prior and subsequently walked me through .... but still sporadic 3G at best! I then started the Verizon tango... after the reset, I would have to wait for 24 hours or so to make sure that it was no longer working, call them back dance one more time and finally after a couple of tries with Verizon in June, Verizon finally sent a new-to-me phone (factory refurb... which btw irritates me to no end). :-/After receiving the first replacement phone (my 2nd Fascinate) all was good; for about 3-4 or so months... just long enough to momentarily forget why my phone was replaced to begin with. I cannot remember exactly when I started noticing that my cloud service was sketchy/intermittent and that I was missing texts (using Google Voice)as well (I rarely text so it took a while to realize I wasn't getting any). Sometimes I would find my stuff uploaded just fine.. then not so much. I had even emailed the cloud service and Google to complain about their service... boy was that embarrassing on my part. Sigh... Anyway, life was very hectic in November but finally the light-bulb went on in my brain, I connected the dots and called Verizon to complain about my phone in December (busy busy holidays) Come January, they finally replaced my phone (my third Samsung Fascinate) due to poor functioning 3G issues.This third phone arrived around the 15th of January and only lasted about two weeks... texts from Google voice were sporadic, and my Navigation crashed every time I tried to use it... regardless of whether I was using Verizon or Google Maps.  I again had to start the Verizon Tango, the reset etc didn't work... the minute I fired up GPS or tried to go on-line... crash!Now, I really had a hard time deciding to give up on the Samsung Fascinate, I still say Samsung has the sexiest most vibrant WOW factor screen out there!  Uber easy to use even for a newbie!  But when the Verizon tech gave me the out... Finally after an extra 12 hours to decide... dumped the most beautiful phone I have ever owned!  Feb 1st marked the beginning of a different brand android phone relationship.Note:If Samsung gifted me one of their newer ones with AMOLED, just to give them a second chance... I would love to accept, just to see if they've worked out the problems.  But I won't shell out any hard ca$h for another Samsung after three strikes!

Awesome for the time it was made but I would move up if you can. You can get the newer model for a little more...

I needed a replacement phone do to those problems that happen in Life. I had never had a smartphone before. The Facinate by Samsung allowed me to learn and use the phone quickly. Its a great product!!!!

The phone doesnt work well..terrible value for the price...dont get it!! It just shuts off all the time. Not worth the money paid for it!!

recieved phone but no usb or charger thought the phone was unlocked but seen it was not afteer recieving yhe phone.  no instructions in box

It's a simple and easy to operate phone. I love the fact that it has a quick charge and a great battery life.I LOVE IT.

I got my phone within the two period that it said that It was going to be delivered. The phone looked and was brand new and I just couldn't be more happier. I came with all,the stuff that it said it was going to have. Absolutely no problems! I

love this phone it's awesome even works on page plus cellular which is a prepaid phone company. I would recommend to anyone

I read all the reviews and a lot of people talked about this phone freezing or acting up in some way. I was not smart and bought one anyway. I know someone else who owns one and it works fine. Ive had my samsung galaxy s for 32 days. You cant return it after 30 days. This morning the signal strength icon and the "currently unable to send your message" box keeps popping up and it keeps vibrating and it is cycling thru this over and over i can not send or receive any type of message or call. Totally unacceptable and now I'm stuck with it. Don't buy one!!!

This phone was great for about two months when it stopped having the functions that make it a phone. It has a beautiful screen and I prefer a droid interface over an iPhone, but it has so many problems.  Just a few months after I got the phone, my texting and calling capabilities started to become inconsistent. People won't get my texts or calls and I won't get their's, regardless of service.  Sometimes people will get my texts hours or days later. Most of the time, I can't trust it as a phone.  The Internet is pretty slow too and the apps force close often.  Verizon suggested updates that were useless and refused to admit it was a common issue with the phone. I would never recommend buying this phone unless you want to take a huge risk of it not working.

not a bad value .. however , it is slow and often freezes , needs to be rebooted more than the phones i have had previously

the phone was okay, but the quality of the calls and the phone itself was...not satisfying. I don't know if it is all the samsung fascinate or just this one.

Samsung phone lover! The screen is beautiful and the phone works great, I know its not a 4G device but it suits my needs.

I have to constantly pull the back of the case off and reboot this phone.  The back is so slick, it's hard to hold on too.  The phone also has a tendency to take a screen image randomly.  Poor battery performance.  Sometimes I get 6 hours of casual use.  I can't wait to upgrade.

Over all the phone wasn't in the best shape for a &#34;like new&#34; device. Lots of chips etc. Phone was defective when I received it ended up having to send it back. Decided to go for a different device instead of another Fascinate.

I bought my first Fascinate back in March. After I broke that one I found another one on Amazon thinking it would perform as well as my first one did. I had heard about the problems they'd been recalled for and wasn't sure what the fuss was about as my first phone didn't have any problems. I've since received my second Fascinate and after a few months of using it, I've started to want a different phone. this one will occasionally just start freaking out for no reason. All the face keys will start strobing like they want to give me a seizure and then the whole thing goes unresponsive. I'm talking like, can't turn the screen off or adjust volumes unresponsive. Lame sauce!Edit:I've had this phone for a few months now and it seems to only have issues once or twice a month, but I don't use it heavily. I also noticed the phone seems to have the issues when reception is bad or non-existant only.

Defective ,it did not last for more than 4 months and give me too many problems ,SHORT WARRANTY TIME 30 DAYS ,OF COURSE
