
I upgraded from an ancient HTC MyTouch 3G, so turning on my Nexus S 4G for the first time was a mind blowing experience. I was amazed at how snappy the phone was. I spent the better part of the day trying to get it to lag, but was unsuccessful. No matter how many apps I ran at once, the phone didn't miss a beat. For me, the main reasons I settled on the Nexus S 4G despite there being newer phones with dual core processors on the market were simple. A- I love Vanilla Android and despise carrier specific bloatware, which this phone is devoid of and B- It was $.01 through Amazon Wireless. I use my phone to stream music and podcasts for 4-6 hours a day, and the Nexus S 4G hasn't let me down in that regard. The battery life is good for a smartphone(my spouse owns an Evo 4G that runs through the battery like Kirstie Alley at a buffet) but like all smartphones, you better have a car charger handy if you're going on a trip. I also use it to stream Netflix, and it runs smooth. The only real gripe I have is one that I went into the purchase well aware of: Call quality is not very good. I'd even go so far as to say that call quality is outright bad on this phone. It has nothing to do with coverage and everything to do with the radio. Luckily for me, I make/receive about 5 calls A MONTH, preferring to communicate via text/social media for the most part. If call clarity is of the utmost importance to you, you might want to look elsewhere. If you're in the market for a sleek, fast phone that can handle all your entertainment needs, the Nexus S 4G was made for you.

The phone is great by most counts. Speedy, NFC, good camera, decent battery life. However, I cannot recommend this handset to anyone because it flubs up in the reception area.  It seems to me that every antenna on this phone is too short or too weak. I experience daily issues with wifi, 3g, 4g, and voice as compared to my previous phone, the HTC Evo 4g. The issues include dropped calls (I can expect 1 dropped call per hour of conversation), dropped/weak wifi signal (all other devices get full signal and keep the connection), SLOW 3g, and unless I'm right under the cell tower, weak 4g.Holding the phone a certain way seems to kill all radios (grip of death).Not recommended due to missing the basics.

This is a very good phone. Solid build quality, bright and clear screen, very smooth and responsive hardware. The vanilla android works great and is easy to modify to your needs.The problem is the reception. I could not get a signal above 1 bar at my home, at my work, or even on the highway between home and work. The best signal I saw while using this phone was 3 bars and at the time I was standing next to another person on the Sprint network. He had 5 bars.I really liked this phone, but unless you live/work/etc in an area that is a real priority for Sprint, I do not recommend it.

This is the best phone I've had in years.  I started with phones without a touch-screen, moved to an iphone, then a palm pre.  This phone blows them all out of the water.  App availability, battery life, user interface, customization, etc... This is a great phone.  Definitely will get another google/samsung when the next generation phones come out.

This phone is really cool....I love the whole Google thing...even being a Pure MAC guy since the early 80's...But the Reception on these Nexus S from Sprint is the WORST!!!!!!!!I have an Air Wave in my home....every other Sprint Phone has Full Bars and Pure Reception anywhere in my home...'Old Palms, New EVO's, BlackBerry's....Nexus S barely gets One Bar....and most of the time doesn't recognize there is even an Air Wave around..I have a full home covered by Mac Airports...many all over the home on a network that gives Full Wifi Bars....to all Mac Lap Tops...all Sprint Phones, ATT Phones, Verizon Phones....All Phones...except..You Guessed it...Except the Nexus S..My Local Sprint Store says they haven't heard of ANY issues...HAHA...read the Sprint Blogs...from Users..Samsung and Google aren't printing all the Bad Reviews..I have to return it, but I sure don't want to...I want it fixed...but can they fix it with Software?No Answer from Google, Sprint...We have 2 in our home...and it makes me ill that they aren't all over this...Especially Google which has a large office in the town I live in...I was on the East Coast last week....Atlantic City...Sprint Sucked there on the Nexus S..I was all over Manhattan...Sprint Sucked there on the Nexus S..And I was just in NYC in April for almost a month with my Palm Centro...and it was fantastic..I can't get anything using my Nexus S as a Hot Spot...And yet the Virgin Mifi EVDO on the Sprint Network...Works Fine....Slow but Fine..So there is NO question this is a HUGE PROBLEM....kind of like when Toyota wouldn't admit they had issues..and boy did it back fire on Toyota..OUCH...So Samsung, Google and Sprint are in for a HUGE Issue here unless they can get it solved...Or Extend the GIve Back Policy to 90-120 days instead of 30 days....so HOPEFULLY then can get it Fixed...IF they can get it fixed...I would so stay away from this Phone because of the Reception Issues...Just Google Nexus S Reception Issues...This won't be Hidden for Long, no matter how much Samsung, Google and Sprint...deny it or cover it up..Nexus S Gate...:)J

This phone literally has everything I've wanted in a device - for that reason, it didn't even occur to me that the actual phone signal and calling would be the fatal flaw here.  I get terrible reception everywhere, and the wifi signal is weak even when I'm in the next room from the router.  I have friends who own the Evo 4g that get great reception where I get none.  I miss calls and then get random voicemails, the phone cuts out and then comes the "can you hear me, did you hear me, I couldn't hear you for a second" frustrations.  Thats just unacceptable.  This is literally the only major issue I have with this phone, and its sad that it happens to be a HUGE DEALBREAKING ISSUE.  I will be returning my device if I don't hear of some sort of firmware fix or something in the next few days.Apart from the actual phone calling and data reception, when I actually do get enough signal, I can video chat on gtalk, use google voice, google maps navigation, and all the other great features that shine in Google's Gingerbread OS.  The processor is super fast and the interface is sleek and smooth, I've downloaded a ton of apps and they all work flawlessly and smoothly. Installing and uninstalling apps is instantaneous.Pros:-Fast, sleek, perfect size (not huge like the evo), better battery life than other android devices .-Front facing camera for video chat-Great camera for taking pictures-NFC functionality for google wallet-processor and interface is fast-Netflix!Dealbreaker Cons:-SIGNAL / RECEPTION ISSUES - and yes, its this sprint device that is the issue, not the network.  I have a buddy I ran around all day with the other weekend that owns a Sprint Evo 4g and where I was missing calls and not getting data, he was getting blazing fast operation on voice and data.-Horrible echo for the person on the other end of the line when using SPEAKERPHONE-Extended batteries that require a larger back casing will disable the NFC functionality (part of whatever makes this work is housed in the OEM back cover).  I'm used to a blackberry that goes days without charging, so for me, I need a larger battery for these android phones.  I don't care if it makes the phone bigger if it lets me get through a day without charging. Not having an official extended battery with special NFC-enabled back cover really detracts from the overall "all in one device". Looks like you're stuck carrying your actual wallet if you want longer battery life.Other minor cons:-no upgradeable memory, you're stuck with 16gigs.  This is plenty for me, but some of you that use your phones for watching movies and storing all of your music, an option to load different micro sd cards will be terribly missed.-keyboard takes some getting used to, and you will never be as fast as you would on an actual qwerty like on a blackberry-google disabled facebook integration on this device so it won't pull data and pictures from facebook into your contacts automatically.  there are some workarounds, but not really worth the time.

This phone has very poor reception. I live in San Franciso--work downtown in the financial district and live in Cole Valley area. In both places, data is almost zero. This is very frustrating if you want to do simple things like check muni schedules; don't even bother with email and more data heavy applications. I've tried to shut down the 4G function/turn the phone on-off, so that it will only work 3G--but that doesn't help. I think there must be a hardware problem. The Sprint call center people haven't been very helpful either.It's too bad because the phone is good in other ways--the apps open fast, I like the sync with google/google voice. The navigation/GPS is usable.But what good is a smartphone if you can't access data? It's no good.

This is a beauty of a phone. So fast, it won't even hiccup, like my iphone 3gs which most of the time pauses 2 to 3 seconds to catch it's breath with my constant app switching. I give my phones a full run for their money with heavy apps such as Netflix, Pandora , Rhapsody etc and this phone is snappier than my iphone like I said. The screen is beautiful and bright.However I did have trouble getting the wifi signal from my tethered phones. It gets my Linksys signal though. The workaround I use is to get the internet signal through Bluetooth on my iPhone. It's unbelievable but I get the signal from one end of the house to another. My iPhone I only use to receive calls.

The reception issues with this phone are a Showstopper.  Contrary to what some reviewers are saying, it is not just a question of the number of bars displayed.  In real world usage my connection constantly drops.  Wifi 3g and 4g are all weak.  If you are lucky to get a signal with 4g you will not keep it long and it will generally be slower than 3g.  My five year old flip phone had far better 3g reception and phone calls than this phone.  The articles about this issue appear to show sprint blowing off these issues as a small number of users, but a poll on android central shows about 2/3rds of people responding have issues, just 1100 or so people in that small sample. This is a bad idea on sprints part because my two phones and very many others are going to return before the 30 day return period if they don't have this issue addressed by then.  It's really a shame because just about everything else about the phone is awesome.  It is pretty sad that there is no recall on this phone, there is no eta on a fix, or even whether it is a hardware or software issue.  Also the constant searching and switchover of network signals drains the battery rapidly.  Around 8 hours at best with light use...

I read the horrible reviews about the signal reception but also saw that sprint claimed to have fixed it in July, 2011. I went to a sprint store and their Nexus had full signal bars and full 4g service. I purchased the phone and received the update that claims to fix the signal issues. It did not fix them at all. I am paying for the 4g service but my phone never connects to 4g. I compared it with friends who have sprint and they have full 4g signal where my Nexus says there is no 4g to connect to. I also never receive more than 3 bars of regular signal whereas other sprint users sitting next to me have full bars. I went back to the sprint store to see how theirs was getting 4g and not mine. I tried my Nexus right next to theirs and still received no 4g and only 0-1 signal bars whiles theirs was full signal and full 4g service.I am currently in process of having Amazon ship me a new one but am not getting my hopes up that the reception will be better. More than likely will be switching to the Motorola Photon.This is being written 9-18-2011 Update from sprint occurred 7-14-11!

Received this free and would NEVER purchase one.Phone has been replaced (warranty) and have same problems.Sound quality poor, signal quality very poor (everywhere), lots of dropped calls even more than sprint normally drops calls, (from many location's).Internes clips (both phones)DONT.............

This is an amazing phone. Way better and faster than my Evo. I understand that there are some reception problems with it but I have absolute confidence that Google/Sprint will get those fixed in a timely manner. Every new phone has its issues. This phone has an awesome screen, much better battery life than the Evo, much snappier, and you get the pure Google experience. If you are thinking about missing HTC Sense like me, don't. You will get used to the layout in no time. I use Fancy Widgets to have the clock and weather on my main screen.Don't forget about Google Wallet....can't wait for that option!!Get it. If you absolutely hate it, which I don't think you will, return it!

Faster and much more responsive then newer dual-core phones. I've driven them side by side (Nov-2011) and it's true. Why? How? Partially because it's pure Android without all the bloated 'Android UI replacements' which go by the name of Motorola Motoblur, HTC Sense, Samsung Touchwiz, etc. All that junk (which isn't present on Nexus S 4G) loads down a phone with redundant and unwanted apps and services (some of which you can't even remove! - someone got a kickback on that deal eh?) meanwhile the extra load on your slows an Android phone, makes it crash, and draws heavily on the battery, while complicating and loading bugs into your setup menus, and greatly or permanently delaying OS updates. Thankfully the Nexus S has none of that. Only drawback from my perspective is I can't have one on 4G LTE (Verizon), just 4G WiMax (Sprint). A minor complaint to an otherwise excellent device. I know this is high praise but it's all well earned as this phone has proven itself. I'm a tough grader and the 5 stars are well earned.ALSO:  Unlike some of the other reviewers I don't seem to be experiencing the weak signal issues they mention. 3G and 4G coverage 'bars' as expected and closely matches the coverage map. I do not have calls dropping or see missed calls. Wifi sig strength and throughput good.ADDITIONAL PROS: Active NFC and Google Wallet, Excellent seamless integration with Google Voice, Chat, etc. (it's a Google branded phone what did you expect), great size, weight, and ergo shape, great display, terrific Bluetooth headset link distance both line of sight and non line of sight.FOOD FOR THOUGHT:  I don't see the 'Android UI replacements' as a good thing at present. What's the purpose of them I wonder, is it simply to make a given phone look a little snazzier and eye-catching at the store to draw in the initial sale (differentiate from the competition). In my experience Android UI replacements are awful for all the reasons I've outlined above. Any apps you really need for your phone can be found at the Android Market &agrave; la carte, as it should be. Is the plethora of Android UI replacements what some are calling the troubling 'Fragmentation of Android'? I hope this is temporary wreck on the Android road. Nexus S 4G is so fast, responsive and simple. Why do we have to keep pushing faster, more expensive, battery hungry hardware into phones? Partially to offset the load of UI replacement bloat. At least to me this seems to be the case... So... if something is partially broken (slow, bloated, crummy, driven by private interests) Someone decides to fix this via contstantly slapping expensive new hardware into the devices to allow Android OS to work the way it would have in the first place if they hadn't gummed it up? IMO a lousy road to progress.Viva Pure Android!!

I just bought this phone from Best Buy a few days back.  I previously had an Evo 4G with Cyanogenmod 7 installed.  The EVO was great with Cyanogenmod 7 installed, but it just didn't run as well as the Nexus S 4G does.  I am extremely impressed with the feel and snappiness of the Nexus S, far better than anything I've seen or used.  I also like the fact that I can now update my PRL easily...The speed is on par with an Epic 4G I have (can't test the evo anymore), and it even beat the Epic 4G on 3G every single time I tested the speed (sorry no 4G in my area to try)!  I also tested the broadband connection via wifi and received the same results as on my PC.It is true it displays less bars for voice, but I think the reason is obvious: the Epic has 6 total bars that can be displayed while the Nexus S only has 4 that can be displayed at any one time.  The same is true for wifi:  one dot and three bars on the Nexus S, one dot and four bars on the Epic 4G.  Since each bar is worth more percent wise on the Nexus S, no wonder it sometimes displays one less bar at times!  Think about it and do side by side real world tests before rating it so negatively.At any rate, if you're looking at this phone, you should check out the Evo 3D.  I would have waited for the Evo 3D, but I'm sick of having to root my phone to uninstall the stuff HTC and Sprint puts on it.  Also, the lack of facebook integration is a great thing in my opinion.  If you like the Sprint apps such as the Nascar app, they do show up in Market once you set up the phone and you can download them for free.There was also an update waiting when I got the phone and I installed.  I wonder if this is why I don't see the speed issues others talk about or if the total number of available bars is just that misleading.

I understand that others have had reception issues and no doubt I'd be very unhappy if that had happened to me, but since I picked this up a few weeks ago I've had no complaints. I had owned an iPhone since soon after it debuted, and was ready to give Android a try. Gingerbread is very impressive, even if there are some ways in which it's not quite as polished as iOS (which I think can be a positive). It is very, very fast, I know dual-core is the next big thing but I can't imagine needing anything snappier. The display is bright and crisp, and I find the handset itself very pleasing to look at and hold. The big selling point for me was the pure version of Android, being among the first to get Ice Cream (and future versions) was a big selling point. I see that it's back to $50 again, which is what I paid over Memorial Day weekend. I think it's a steal at that price and Sprint is the only carrier left with unlimited everything, all in I'm paying $87/month and that includes equipment protection for if/when I need to replace it. For the money, it's a great, great phone.

My son bought this phone. He is a tech nut. After a few months he wanted a try something new. I was due for a new phone so I tried his out for a few days. It was very snappy. Nice screen for old eyes. The reception was solid. Wifi indicator was always lower than I would have expected, but download speeds were great anyway. Ten feet from the strongest router in the industry is 3 out of 4 bars. So I decide to take his phone. The phone had to have a factory reset to change the base email account. And then the trouble began. All the antennas would cycle up and down. You could not count on making a call. Total irritation set in. Over the next week things settled down. I must presume that updates were happening in the background. Two weeks later the phone is back to where it was when I tested it. Glad I waited it out. Sprint or Samsung should address this. I have no issue with 3G or calls. Wifi and 4G signal indicator remains weaker than expected.Pros: Nice screen. Huge application selection. Pure Google. 16GB!Cons: Freaky bad service after a factory reset. Low Wifi and 4G reception indication (4G tower is on the top of the building next to mine. I can see it out my window). Miffed at paying $10 more than the CEO says it takes for unlimited service.Advice: Get a rubberized case for grip.

With all the bad reviews I read, I was expecting a bad experience with this phone. But I was eligible for an upgrade, and interested in the phone so I decided I would try it out and just return it if it didn't meet my expectations. I mean, for $30 on Sprint's website, how could I not at least give it a shot, right? I was worried about the reception issues everybody said plagued the phone because I already didn't get great reception in my area or while I'm at school in the library (seriously, it's like a dungeon down there where no signal can reach). But to my surprise, the signal was just as good as it was on my old phone (still no signal in the dungeon but I wasn't expecting BETTER signal). The only problem I have had with the phone thus far is the battery. It just doesn't get me through the day (I'm a HEAVY user though so for moderate use I don't think it would be an issue) so I just bought the PowerSkin case which is supposed to pretty much double the battery. All & all, this is a great phone. No lag on it, everything works beautifully as you would expect it to, and the battery life SHOULD be fine for someone who isn't constantly checking Facebook and Twitter all day.

Bought this to replace my HTC Evo 4g which was just too large and heavy to carry around any longer. So far i'm pretty happy with my purchase as it is a stock Android phone, so no bloatware or manufacturer 'skins' to slow down the device. I like the size, just perfect at 4". I am able to manipulate everything with one hand, unlike the Evo 4g. Google Wallet is pretty convenient for stores that accept it, but you won't able to throw away your regular wallet just yet as not everyone accepts Google wallet. I truly love the fact that Swype keyboard input is an option, it is truly a very quick and accurate method of inputting words into SMS and emails. Rear camera is a 5 megapixel lens system, and the pictures are good in well lit conditions whereas front facing camera is merely a VGA camera (low resolution 640x480). The stock Webkit browser is much poorer in comparison to the Evo 4g and iPhone 4 web browser - instead I regularly use Opera Mini. I am able to download and install high end games for this phone without running into any major lag. A few problems I have with it as already mentioned by other users are the slow to connect GPS signal, camera shutter lag (very slow) and rear plastic battery cover which scuffs very easily. The worst thing about this phone is its very poor battery life! I could leave this phone untouched and it will lose 10% of power just by sitting aside for 45 minutes - quite frustrating! And yes, i have Bluetooth, Wifi and all other unnecessary applications closed. You absolutely have to charge this every single night. The power on button is placed in a bad position, especially when playing a game as you keep clicking on it by mistake. I rarely use 4g WiMax service by Sprint as it'd drain the battery even quicker. I do get about 7Mbps throughput when running tests, though it maybe due to the fact that I have a Sprint cell tower right behind my home. I plan on keeping this thru most of this year as I'm heavily invested in the Android ecosystem.

This is the hands down the best phone for people that do not do alot of 3D heavy gaming on their phone.Reception once was annoying but has been fixed also i Know sprint was doing work on their network at the time that might have hindered some peoples experience with the phone.Otherwise this is an clean android experience, and that does make the phone alot faster than the spec would make you believe. Battery life is the best I have had with android phones.  The NFC google wallet app is very cool and I have to say its easier to make purchases(no pulling the wallet out sliding out the the debt card)If your a a non gaming power user of your phone this might be your best bet.  No problems with the software and no overlay encumbering your phone.I could go on forever but after this the only android phones Ill be buying are nexus line ones

The NS4G, which is basically an untarnished version of the original Nexus S on T-Mobile is (was) my dream phone. Period. It's a stock, vanilla Android experience that runs on a super smoothly spec'd device. It's fast. It's screen, absolutely gorgeous. Every app I downloaded, and used on this phone ran impeccably. The camera takes amazing shots and the shutter speed is next-to-none on any other Android phone I've owned (I've owned 3) - I took the phone on an escapade to San Francisco and the detail of the photos were amazing. The contoured screen felt very natural against my face when on a call (when I could make one) and the call quality (when I could make a call) through the earpiece and the speaker was great, and the person on the other end (when I could actually stay on a call) could hear me well at all time. The keyboard worked relatively well as the stock Gingerbread keyboard but had a few quirks, but not much to write home about. The screen scrolling was super smooth like an iPhone 4 and app selection/launch was fast with very little lag and I haven't experienced one force close yet.Ahh, it all sounds like cupcakes and fairy tales right? Well, all I can be about the DEVICE ITSELF is giddy and optimistic, but sadly, it remains a mystery as to why this device simply makes the entire experience a major buzzkill with its horrid reception issues. And I am not over-exaggerating here, the issues are TORRID.Let's start with the Sprint signal... Yes, I know, it could very well be the area I live in, but it SHOULDN'T be - because after 4-5 times on the phone with Sprint trying to figure this out, they all reiterated to me that I live in the BEST coverage area. All of them. I know this could be them telling me what they're told to tell me, but still, to hear something like that and not having the actual performance to back it up, well, that's that. Dropped calls, consistent 'gray-barring', sporadic complete loss of signal (inside and outside) and all of this with NO 4G in my area (while paying $10 extra a month for 'premium data'). Just awful. Moving on to the other extreme issues that shouldn't be... WiFi... This should be simple, right? I mean, WiFi is one of the most simple, basic features of today's smartphone, and Samsung completely missed the mark on this in extreme fashion. My WiFi signal, sitting directly in-front of the router, doesn't have full bars... I mean, c'mon right? Not only does it not have full bars, but it goes down to 2 or 3 out of 5!!! Seriously? How is this possible? Ugh, it's just heartbreaking....PROS: Amazing performance, beautiful screen, excellent shooter around the back, responsive hardwareCONS: Every radio and antennae in this device seems to be defunct which ruins this otherwise near-perfect device.THE BOTTOM LINE:  If you're an Android enthusiast and you had the gleaming, giddiness I did when I saw I could pick one of these puppies up for dirt cheap and have basically THE GOOGLE PHONE to have, you're simply going to absolutely despise this thing if your device has the same issues mine (and my wife's, equally) had. It's heartbreaking, it's devastating, and even more, it's disillusioning. If you do get one of these and you don't have these problems, consider yourself one of the lucky ones, and I envy you, deeply.

I typically don't write reviews, but I couldn't hold back after my experience with Sprint and the Nexus S 4G.  I currently have the phone and it is awesome besides the fact that it can't hold a connection to extremely strong WiFi, and it won't even connect to an encrypted WiFi connection.  I have traveled with the phone to downtown Chicago and the heart of Manhattan and could not hold a 4G signal for more than 2 minutes before disconnecting.  Sprint and Google are dragging their feet acknowledging the issue and there are many Sprint customers who are extremely upset.  Check the Sprint and Google mobile forums to get a flavor of the severity of the issue.  When the phone can connect, it's a fantastic experience, but that is a rarity.

Cool it has the NFC chip embedded in it ( I will miss the google wallet feature of this phone...but thats all I will miss)...thats really the only good I can say about the phone...poor battery life (even with 4g off), very slow to charge (compared to my iphone 3gs). I hate the power on/off/wake button on side (where it is handled the most). The touch user-interface is not as smooth as my iphone 3gs either. The device is also very, very slow to connect to an already configured wifi connection upon waking.Also im a little bit concerned about its single core processor. Not only to do certain apps run slow, it might be outdated going forward with so many high end app that require dual core. This is probably a good phone if your not picky about your phone, just dont pay to much for it (I got it for free). Ill be returning this and looking for another android phone to replace my iphone 3gs...hopefully..."Voice Actions for Android" was a pretty poor experience, in my opinion...I downloaded several apps to rival siri, couple were basically unusable, a couple others showed some small promise but overall, could not compare to siri's service....just saying... I actually did buy the iphone 4s but didn't really feel it was worth the price, so I took it back, siri however, ALMOST makes we want it back...final note: did several speed tests and ATT is twice as fast as sprint to the same server (3g tests) where I am at, which is near Raleigh, NC...so im not sure if I would even get an iphone 4s on sprint's network...hmmm

Running Gingerbread 2.3.7.The Bad:You can't: Get the volume ANY higher. With all the volume sliders maxed I still can't hear it ring in my pocket when I'm shopping or out in a moderately noisy environment. (You'll need to put in some loud ringtones.)You cant: Change the type or order of the icons at the bottom of the home page. 'Phone' and 'Web Browser' are it. (Touch Wiz lets you do this but I digress.)You can't: Hit the back button on ANY page or app and expect it to take you back in under 4 full seconds. It just plain freezes for no apparent reason.You can't send text messages other than with Google Voice. The stock SMS just doesn't work, period.You can't use Google Wallet unless you have a CITI Bank Mastercard. It's the only one that works at this writing.My Google calendar doesn't sync to the phone...at all.Reception: Poor at best. (Google that one.)All the issues above and more I have tried to find a fix for on Google's support site and Samsung's. In a word, I'm SOL.The Good:The UI is clean and smooth, the phone light and elegant.The camera and flash work flawlessly and the pictures are stellar for a 5MP camera.On 3G the phone seems to work a LOT faster than on 4G. (This phone is advertised as, "4G Capable")It's next in line for Ice Cream Sandwich, which means I'm keeping it!

The Nexus S 4G with sprint is a great phone for someone who wants to try Android for the first time. It comes with none of those proprietary interfaces from such branded phones from HTC, and Motorola. It lets you decide what you like. There are tons of apps for similar looking features from other phones, and even previous iterations of Android itself. The phone itself is snappy from the start, but when you start to customize, it can become a little bogged down when opening the browser or music from my experience. I use a weather service, custom theme launcher, keyboard, and Lookout security app. Those are always running, so maybe it's just from what I use that slows it down a bit.As far as connectivity goes, since the update, instead of giving up on searching for 4G connectivity, and switching to 3G or less, it will hunt down 4G like a hound, and hold onto it for dear life. When I first bought the phone, it had VERY spotty internet connectivity. But since the new update, it works pretty good, and I've not had a dropped call since. The "curved glass" display is a gimmick for sure, but the overall feel of the phone in your hand is excellent. I hope they keep with designs very similar to this for the future. I think it's a winning formula, I just wish it felt more sturdy. I bought the Seidio ACTIVE CASE for the phone, and it's survived a handful of tumbles of up to 5 feet or higher on various surfaces, and survived.I work in a garage, so protection is important. I even use the camera LED to look under car hoods, and at tires.For the interface, I wish it had one more home screen.Summary: This phone is a good dive-in point for a new android user, and has enough features to keep you satisfied for the term of your contract.Also, Google Wallet is really awesome. Cashiers face when I use it = Priceless

Awesome Phone! Only thing is the battery, but it nothing you can do about it since every new smart phone will be a battery hog!

Samsung Nexus S 4G Android Phone (Sprint)With erratic wifi, 4g, and 3G this Smartphone is quite dumb and frustrating,  .5 star!Wait for something else or return for credit.  No fix is on the horizon.  Google, Sprint and Samsung show little interest in resolving these issues,

Phone is cool, sleek features. Many are complaining about signal issues. I have experienced much. But i do see signal variations on the phone. May be a issue. Apart from that all features are cool. Install some apps (JuiceDefender) could save battery more. I like the Google Apps - Maps, Music Beta, etc. Also its Android. Lot of trusted apps. Would recommend this phone than HTC Evo. I see people eagerly waiting for Evo 3D. I would say better get a 3D TV instead of phone :-)

Reception issues? Yes. Radio update that can fix it? I see it happening. Stop whining about it. This phone kills the EVO and I get WAY better battery life with the NS4G with 4G on ALL the time. I like how it suspends the 4G connection when there's no data activity. Sweet.

15 Sept 2011I am new to smart phones as well as the Sprint network and as such relied heavily on the opinions on several electronics review magazines and well known websites in making the selection of this phone.  They seemed to agree that this phone was something special, and offered just about everyting anyone could want in a smart phone and at a lower priced. and it seems to be packed with features.  The software seems to run seemlessly and the apps for the Android system are enless.What they didn't tell you in all these professional reviews were about any of the problems with the unit.Pros:The softwear apps are great.The Android platform seems to be well thought out and runs without a hitchCons:The Phone itself is large and fairly heavy. My off duty gun (Police Officer) was less of a pain to carry than this phone in it's holster !  Especially bothersome since I knew my gun would function but the phone was hit or miss - and mostly miss as in no signal ( I'm sorry....  I couldn't resist )The heaviness of the phone is odd since the battery must be small since it is need of a recharge  virtually every day or so - and I don't use the phone very much which is another issueThe reception is horrible every where I've tried to use the phone.  I live in a medium sized city in flat sunny Tampa Bay, Florida and have never gotten more than one bar in the reception indicator. Many times you get zero bars.  At the same location, friends with other smartphones are getting 4 and 5 bars of reception.Apps are great but with this phone you're better off downloading the apps to your home computer and installing them to your phone from there.  Every time I tried to download directly to the phone, it would stall due to no reception or poor reception and what took a couple of minutes of downloading at home to my house computer through a wireless router, took over an hour on this cell phone. which leads me to the next problemWhy didn't I just connect to my wireless router with the phone's Bluetooth and pairing function ?  Sitting 3 feet from the wireless router the phone claimed no reception !  ( My Nokia. my Garmin Nuvi Car GPS and my Notebook computer don't have any problem finding and connecting from 75-100 feet away.As I sit here typing this, the phone is showing Zero Bars. My old Nokia is showing 4 bars and sometimes 5.I'm going back to Sprint tomorrow to turn this in. It's all but useless and I'm convinced this phone will be of no use to me. I need a phone I can count on to send and receive calls. - This isn't it.I noted with dismay, how long the reception issue has plagued this phone according to the user reviews I've read here. Let me tell you, I'm writing this on the 15 Sept 2011 and the reception issues have apparently not improved at all.

Got it today. Just used it at the ballpark and at my house. At the ballpark I was using 4g (Sacramento, Minor league baseball). It was flying. I installed a bunch of stuff. Ran Pandora, new apps, all seemed to work great. The indicator lights showed a varied 4g connection, but the speed test was constant and I didnt get a drop of signal. The phone itself is beastly. Awesome phone.

Please don't believe all these bad reviews.  I had a rooted EVO without the Sprint bloatware Sprint installed.  This phone is pure Google with Android 2.3 (Gingerbread)  If you are looking for all the extra junk like Nascar then this phone is not for you.  However, the camera is better, yes its holds onto Wifi.  With Gingerbread the signal bars don't match up right.  So you may have a full signal but it may show you 3 bars.  This is where people are getting reception problem complaints.  Anyway, since I have owned both phones Nexus S beats EVO.

I'm a big Google fan and love having basically a Gingerbread Galaxy S phone without TouchWiz mucking it up. Unfortunately, this phone is unreliable and apparently Google and Samsung have no plans to fix it. The antenna for every kind of data reception except GPS (which is famously terrible on all Galaxy S's) is much weaker than on my T-Mobile (Galaxy S) Vibrant. This is the case in places where other Sprint phones get great reception; it's even the case on Wifi. Very disappointing that Google would spike (or allow Samsung to spike) their flagship phone. There is an online debate about whether the problem is caused by defective software or hardware. At this point I'd like to think a firmware problem would have been fixed so I have to believe the phone, lovely as it is on the outside, is poorly designed and built and that no cure is forthcoming.I use Google for basically everything, from Android to Chrome to Reader to Docs to Gmail. This arrangement has served me well and I hope the Nexus' unresolved problems are not a sign of the road Google's going down.Since I'm still moving to Sprint, I think I'll get either the Motorola Photon or the Galaxy S2 (Epic Touch).

The hardware is nice, the lack of all the excess "junk" apps that usually come along with an Android phone is a nice feature as well.  The camera is by far the best I've seen in any Android phone and is easily on par with the camera on the iPhone 4.Here's my issues with it:1. Reception, for a lack of a better term, sucks.  I can't count how many times my wife's Evo 4g has great reception and my Nexus is battling for 1 bar.2. Constant lock-ups.  There are many functions that will just cease to work until the phone is rebooted.  I find myself rebooting the phone almost daily.  It's been pretty annoying since I got the phone almost a year ago.3. Lots of downloading updates (depending on what/how many apps you have installed).  Downloading updates chews up battery, so I would wait until your phone is plugged in to do your updates.4. No storage expansion.  16gb is plenty for most people, but there are times I'd like to load up some files/software, etc. and there's not enough space to do it without offloading some of my music.It's a decent phone, as I've found there's no "perfect" smart phone - they ALL have their strong points and flaws.  The form factor of the phone is nice, too.  VERY slim and doesn't feel too big to carry in your pocket.  The screen is pretty durable, too.  I haven't put a screen protector on it, and the screen is flawless still.

This is a great phone.  It is my first android phone and though I returned it for an htc phone, waited for the 3d to come out I eventually came back to this and love it.The only issue I have had with it is very occasional dropped calls but this happens with every phone I have owned.The fact that it comes with very basic apps make it easy to use and to also customize to my liking.  As an example I have two  phone dialers that I can opt to use as my default once I choose which I like best.  I am not sure if have this option with other phones.Free and installed tethering is very nice.  I do not have to purchase an app like pda.net to use tethering. Tethering is built in to the phone out of the box, a feature not advertised by Sprint for obvious reasons.The phone is a perfect size. A few complaints have been made about it's cheap feel.  I agree with this but I like to use a case anyways which gives it a better feel without adding bulk yet offering protection.A real plus for me is the placement of the headset and charging jacks being at the bottom of the phone.  I use the phone while driving and having wires coming out anywhere except the bottom is a real pain.I also prefer the power buttom as it is, on the side.  I find the htc's power button on the top to be a burden to use while driving.  It is easier to grap the phone and press where my fingers are naturally instead of having to reach to the top and press a power button.If you find that the phone is a little too simple, a few minutes on the market will give you what you need in the way of calender apps and phone dialers.  These two items in particular are what I liked about the htc but similar ones are easily found on the market.Perfect display.  Very little or no fingerprints are left.  Not sure about the benefits of a curved screen except for maybe glare.Everything is clean and simple and fast.  I am very happy with the nexus.

Although it's sleek and attractive, this phone is pretty terrible when compared to the iphone that replaced it. The reception issue is a killer. In the middle of Boston and Denver, I average 2 bars but often get one bar. I don't think I've ever seen four bars for more than 3 seconds (I'm not exaggerating). Also, despite being in the middle of a city, I frequently get zero bars, albeit for short bursts (5-10 seconds). It is so annoying. Also I'd say about 25% of my calls go straight to voicemail even when I have reception.Also, the screen is so easy to scratch that it's almost funny. I baby the phone. I never put it in the same pocket as coins or keys and I never place it face down and somehow the screen still gets scratched. It's unavoidable. I've had it for a month and it has three significant scratches on its face. You absolutely need a screen protector for this sucker. That's pathetic when compared to the fact that you can rub a rock against the iphone screen and it still won't scratch.Finally, I just find the OS to be unrefined. The default mail app sucks, there's no decent podcast reader, etc. I was excited to exchange my iphone for an android phone but this thing has just made me even more of a believer in Apple. I'm not a huge apple fanboy so don't view this review as biased. Believe me, this phone pretty much sucks. And the worst part is no one is taking responsibility for the reception. It could be a hardware issue or a software issue so it could either be fixable or unfixable. Just great.

I imagine that some of you are choosing between the EVO and Nexus S. Well...I had been debating between this phone and the EVO and first picked the EVO because the camera was better. Then I noticed that programs kept popping up on the EVO that I never installed, such as Nascar, Blockbuster, and Nova, and it wouldn't let me uninstall them. I searched online and found a list of programs that come on the EVO that you can't uninstall and have a huge list of "permissions" including things like reading your gmail emails and sending text messages from your phone. I called customer service and the tech support suggested return the EVO & get the Nexus S because it doesn't have all those other programs and that most other smart phones on the market do. That's what I did. True enough, it is just straight Google. Everything is very well integrated with Google because there isn't a duplicate HTC (or whatever company makes your phone) program to do everything. For example, I use Google calendar, and it syncs automatically, but if I was on the EVO, I would have to keep the HTC calendar installed. And there aren't all those other programs I never wanted that I am forced to keep on there. Since I use all the Google features, there is more of what I want already integrated and less of what I don't want to be stuck with. With battery life being such a problem on smart phones, it just doesn't make sense to be forced to run a dozen programs you hate.The screen is very crisp, bright, and contrasty - definitely better than the EVO. I feels just right in my hand, less bulky than the EVO, but still big enough to see what I need. The keyboard is responsive enough but also very smart at figuring out what I meant to type. The voice commands even work pretty well. My reception has been fine.The only thing that I can really complain about is that in the alarm clock, it only has annoying ringers (not the full ringtone selection) so you need to install another application for that, as far as I've been able to tell.

I bought this phone on memorial day at best buy after i got them to price match amazon. This phone is amazing as far as the signal issues everyones talking about, they are basically non existent at my house where i had 2 bars of service on my blackberry and the nexus s shows 1 it still does not drop calls even times when it drops down to no bars but still has service. This leads me to believe it may be an algorithmic issue. All in all I love this phone cant think of a reason i would return it unless i like the evo 3d and it comes out with in the next 30 days

I recently decided to make the switch from the HTC EVO 4G (which I LOVED) to the Nexus S 4G. My decision was based on the product lifecycle. Since this is a Google phone, it will continue to be supported for at least 18 months from the day it was released. The EVO 4G however is not a Google phone, and is extremely long in the tooth. As such, the EVO 4G is slated to be end-of-life'd by Sprint by November 2011.About the phone:The NS4G has no MicroSD expansion slot, so all storage is located internally on the superfast iNAND storage. The phone sports a 1Ghz Hummingbird processor and a PowerVR SGX540 graphics chip (same as the iPhone 4). By today's smartphone standards, these specs are very outdated but they hold up well with the vanilla android operating system. The phone also has 512MB of mobile DDR RAM. Again, all processing is very smooth, which is something that I couldn't really say about the EVO.Pros:1. Slick design. The device just feels good in your hand, and it is ALMOST the perfect size. Not too big, not too small.2. Excellent display. Samsung really comes through on their display tech. I wish HTC would step it up instead of cheaping out with TFT LCD or SLCD on their devices.3. Pure vanilla Android interface, with updates directly from Google. This is how ALL Android smartphones should do it.4. NFC capability and Google Wallet. Right now Google Wallet is exclusive to the NS4G and I can tell you that I'm a HUGE fan of this. It's a very welcome feature.5. Though this could technically fall under #3, this phone WILL receive Android 4.0, Ice Cream Sandwich.6. 5MP camera takes really good pictures. Now this is an area where the HTC EVO 4G is horrible...that shotty camera. Sure it may be 8 Megapixels, but more often than not I wound up getting 8 Megapixels of blurry or out-of-focus pictures. I HATED that camera, but that's typical HTC. Cheaping out on displays and camera CMOS. I can honestly say that the NS4G takes MUCH better pictures with less Megapixels behind it. The NS4G simply has a better CMOS for processing the images.Despite the good things about this phone, here are a couple of issues I have (and these are common among other NS4G owners).Cons: (Some of these are major technical issues, and some are personal nitpicks)1. *Major* The main gripe is that the cell radios for CDMA, Wifi, and WiMAX are WEAK...VERY WEAK. Now some of that may be due to how they interact with the vanilla Android OS...but I also believe Samsung used shotty radio antennas too. My EVO would get much stronger reception in the same places (and I am taking the calculation differences into consideration here). For instance, on my EVO I would get 2 out of 3 bars on Wifi at home from my farthest room. On the NS4G I get 1 bar (out of 3). I literally have to be 4 feet from the router to get full strength...that is pathetic Samsung. Now, despite this complaint I can say that I have never lost or dropped a call, but I can't help but feel that this is also part of why my battery drains so quickly as the phone is using more just to stay connected.2. *Nitpick* There is absolutely ZERO LED notification lights on this phone. Missed a call or text or email? You won't find out until you wake up the phone and go to your homescreen. Yep...that's right. Even my basic LG Rumor 2 had notification lights, but my super duper Google smartphone doesn't. However, again, I blame that on Samsung as a poor design choice because very few (if any) of their other Galaxy S smartphones have them (specifically the Fascinate on Verizon comes to mind).3. *Nitpick* This is a Pure* Google phone, only in the sense that it has the Vanilla android UI and the updates come directly from Google. Sprint, as of the September update to Android 2.3.7, decided to disable the USB/Wifi tethering feature and now wants to charge you an extra 30 bucks per month for it (yes I know I can root the device and by pass that...but this is about the principle of being "Pure Google" here).4. *Major* Battery life is marginally better than the HTC Evo. I'm not a heavy user by any means. I send about 20 text messages, make a couple of 5 minute phone calls every day, and maybe respond to an email or three. Yet my battery barely lasts a day. I was expecting much better performance out of this phone (and disabling data services is NOT the answer), however it turns out that this phone is only marginally better than my HTC EVO. I look to the HTC Arrive as an example of a smartphone that KNOWS how to manage battery and data services correctly. Microsoft got it right on that part, so Google should take note.Despite these shortcomings, I still think this is a good device. If the EVO 4G wasn't being EOL'd, I would recommend it over the NS4G, but since it's not, the NS4G is what I recommend to my friends. Despite my lengthy detail into the Cons, the Pros do outweigh them.

I'll start off with this review is with 4G off, it's too flaky in our area.I bought this phone for my Mom, and this is her first smartphone.  She is one of the most tech-illiterate persons I know.  She never texted on her old phones (last was LG Lotus).  But a week later, here she is texting me.  Granted, I set everything up for her to go so I have a good feel for the phone.One of the big questions right now is reception.  Call quality has been fine, no dropped calls for where she normally frequents.  Wifi signal shows a little weaker than my Pre, but it seems to work just fine.  Loads things faster than my Pre from the same spot =)  She has light data usage, but she gets her email fine and browsing through her picasa library.  It hasn't been too long, but the phone seems solid.  My brother has the same phone, and his data has been good as well.The biggest downsides I have to this phone are it scratches pretty easily on the back (dunno about the glass) and it's slippery.  I highly recommend the Ringke cases.Other notables: camera is OK, but my opinion on all smartphone cameras sans the nokia N8 and like is they all are not up to par.  The android button row is impossible to see even on a cloudy day.  If you memorize the order of the buttons, you're ok.  If you flip between different android phones a lot, you might have issues.  The screen itself is nice, haven't tested in full sun though.  But I haven't had any smartphone be easy to use outside in bright light.  Inside, the screen is absolutely beautiful.Finally, having a clean, stock, Android system is certainly nice to work from.  You probably will want to spend a bit of time customizing everything, so if you do that anyway, this phone will probably be perfect.  Just be warned, customizing isn't always free to get exactly what you want.

I believe that people are too caught up in how many bars or what their speed test numbers are.  I have not personally tested my phone as far as the speed test goes but I will tell you that even though it does not show as many bars as my HTC, I have not dropped a call yet or have I had someone tell me that they could not hear me.  My internet experience has been fine so far.  I have not done a lot of intensive downloading but I do use Pandora at work and often times in my part of the building, it shows that I have 1 to no bars at all.  The music has not skipped a beat and I still get my messages and e-mail.  The phone has just come out for Sprint, sure there are kinks to be worked out but nothing major to the point where people are rating this phone so low.  Yes, the screen reflects that the signal is low, but who really cares what the screen shows.  If your calls go through and you can browse the internet without any lag, then I don't see what the real problem is.  People these days are too fixated with what the numbers show, I want to tell those people that sometimes those numbers are meaningless.  I say this because my HTC had 4 bars most of the time in my house but the call quality was terrible.  I really enjoy all the things about this phone, especially the battery life.  The battery life on this is very good.  I have been able to go a full 24+ hours without needing a charge.  Battery life all depends on the settings you have on your phone.  You just have to be careful about the apps you download and whether they are not allowing your phone to sleep when they are running.  I will possible update my review later with more info but I just wanted to let people know that there should be no reason why they shouldn't get this phone.

If you're debating between the Photon 4G, GS2, EVO 3D, or this Nexus S 4G, there are some important things to consider about the other handsets in that list.  I've lived with all of them, and I would rank them in the following order-1- Samsung Nexus S 4GPROS -Stock 2.3, getting 4.0 any day nowWonderful screenResponsive, always responsiveCONS -Lacks notification lightSignal sometimes finicky (but I've never dropped a call)Battery life is so-so2 - Samsung Galaxy S2PROS -Even more amazing screenLightning fast (most of the time)Best phone camera I've ever seenCONS -TouchWiz UI - almost the worstAwkward shape in hand - all hands are different, but phone is too big/rectangularSometimes buggy with accelorometer and other build features3 - Motorola Photon 4GPROS -Excellent radiosVery good batterySolid buildCons -Mediocre screenOdd shape, objectively uglyLousy cameraMotoBlur - mellower than in the past, but still awful4 - HTC EVO 3DPROS -Solid build qualityPerforms adequatelyCONS -Useless 3D feature, mediocre camera in 2DSense is non-defeatable and pointlessScreen lacks in contrast and brightnessBattery life is awful - I got 4-5 hours with 4G onThat's a rough review, but I would select the Nexus S 4G if I were you - at least until the Galaxy Nexus hits Sprint.

I used to have an EVO, so perhaps that tainted my opinion of this phone. The OS on my EVO died, I was offered the "upgrade" to the Nexus S.  I loved the EVO, but disliked the size and weight enough to try the Nexus.I don't demand too much, I just want phones to work, have a minimum amount of problems, and give me the basic features I would expect from a smartphone. This phone is by far, the biggest waste I've ever seen.First, what's good, because the list is shorter:- Size: it's comfortable, the screen is ample, and it feels good in your hand.- Screen: I don't need a dazzling display, so the screen is more than adequate for everyday use.Good or bad depending on your needs:  Integrated memory. You don't have to worry about moving apps to your SD card.  Which was great for me, because my phone memory was always running short, and many of my favorite apps couldn't be moved to the SD card.  The downside is that the memory isn't expandable.  So while I would like more than 16gb, I'm stuck where I'm at.What's not good:- Speed: This is the slowest phone I've ever owned. Apps take too long to load.- OS: Buggy and poorly thought out. I've had 2 of these phones (the first one broke), and they were both prone to lock-ups, random reboots, or just plain slow.- Features: What features?! You have to install your own voicemail, and contacts apps in order to do what's already included with many other phones. This phone won't import your contacts from Facebook, and sync them to your phone. You have to download another app to accomplish this, even when you do this, they're often so screwed up, it's not worth the time.- Camera: Poor quality photos, no zoom.- Bluetooth: Completely buggy. Randomly drops bluetooth calls. Often won't accept incoming calls.- Reception:  Other reviewers have nailed this one already, but I can attest to the fact that I had better reception, both wifi, and cellular with my EVO than I ever have with this phone.All in all, I would have been much better off getting another EVO and sticking with an older phone, than "upgrading" to this newer model.

I like the Nexus S so far.  It's my first smartphone, so I don't have much to compare it to.  Battery lasts pretty much a full day with moderate use, though I haven't been making many calls on it.With wi-fi inside the house it gets the same basic download speed as my laptop, around 9.5mbps.  I walked across the street to where the Sprint map shows the best 4G signal and I got about 5.5-6mbps down and about 1.5mbps up.  Not bad.  The phone seems to only ever show 2 bars of connectivity though, but so far the speed has been ok so I guess that's all that matters.The speakerphone has a pretty bad echo, which so far is the biggest problem I've found with it.  That, and the lack of memory card slot.  But it has 16GB of internal memory, so I don't need much more than that, since I'm not putting movies or music or games on it.Android is pretty great, totally customizable sounds, fonts and colors and layout with some simple free apps, and by hooking up via USB to your computer to download stuff from.  Voice commands are great and recognize pretty much everything I say.Google Voice I am not a fan of as it takes over all your text messaging and voice mail and transcribes it all over to Google's servers so it shows up in your google account, which is kind of scary.  So I disabled that and just use the regular Sprint voice mail and text.  I guess they keep it all too, but I don't want my whole life broadcast on Google's servers.  Plus half of the transcribed voicemails come out all funny anyway so you end up having to listen to them anyway.Swype text input is pretty awesome - it's a free app to download.  It's faster than regular texting and doesn't make your thumbs sore at all.  You may want to try it out before you decide you need a physical keyboard.  But even without it, the on screen keyboard is pretty easy to use and large enough for thumb typing.The screen is great, but it gets super fingerprinty... though with a greasy italian like me that's unavoidable.  Some people have said it is fingerprintless for them online, which I believe.  I'm horrified whenever I got to dinner with people and notice that my wine glass is a mess of greasy fingerprints and theirs are usually still totally clean.  So really, it's probably just me.Some people say it "feels cheap and fragile" and stuff like that, or that it feels like it will slip out of their hands.  I don't see any of that though.  The thing is jet black and fits nicely in the hand.  Sure, it lacks some of the industrial design degree elements that an i-phone or HTC might have.  As a designer I can appreciate that.  But I got over it real fast.Online community is pretty good at Sprint and Google, I posted a couple newbie questions and got knowledgeable replies within a couple hours.I also got the 10% discount on my bill for being a AAA member.Oh, and I got this from Amazon Wireless, too, which saved me on sales tax.  They also shipped it out SUPER FAST, I think it showed up next day via Ontrac.

Its a great mobile device, but a terrible phone.  The NFC capability is great, and the experience of using it is very good, until you actually try to make a call.  I've had no signal in the middle of a major city.  Sending it back today.

I have been using an Android phone for about 2 years, so I was looking forward to this phone and counting down the days til my upgrade.  I have had it a few days and couldn't be happier with it.Here's what I like:1. It's just Android-no extra clutter or overlays.  It does what I want, without fuss , and at a super fast speed. My former phone- an HTC Hero- was rooted and running  Gingerbread, but was limited as far as processor speed.  I haven't rooted this Nexus yet, but probably will, just because I like the control and enjoy testing custom ROMs.2. It looks very sleek and stylish.  It fits wonderfully in my hand and feels very natural when holding it up to my ear.  I looked at the SII Epic Touch 4G  and the Evo 3D, but they are both more boxy, even though they are very thin. I like the curved edges and the curved screen of the Nexus much better.3. The processor is not dual core, but it is super fast.  The 4G coverage in my area seems to be spotty, but this phone flies! I downloaded 5 apps this morning- less than 60 seconds start to finish for all 5-that includes searching on the market and selecting the apps.4. The price here at Amazon Wireless was half of what Sprint charges for an upgrade. The shipping was very fast and activating was a snap.5. I have had no trouble with reception, dropped calls etc.  I find it very responsive and battery life seems to be very good. I used my phone extensively yesterday- setting up apps, email, playing around and the battery lasted over 8 hours. Most of that time wi-fi was on, and I was emailing, listing on eBay and texting, reading on my Kindle app etc. I also had the display very bright, just to test the battery life.I will buy an extra battery, but this should make it through an average day for me on one charge.6. No sc card slot, which I like. I think that the phone starts up faster and the 16 GB is more than enough room for me.  I know some people won't think so, so to each his own :). I don't store a lot of music or pictures on my phone.7. The AMOLED screen is awesome! I keep it at about 50% most of the time and it looks wonderful.  If you are outside, of course you need to brighten it more, but indoors 50% is just great. Colors are crisp and clear, and it is just a beautiful screen.There is a bit of a learning curve with this, coming from the HTC Hero. I missed the trackball, but quickly got used to the navigation on the Nexus.  The button placement is different, but it's not that hard to adapt to it.  The biggest difference is the location of the back button. It's on the far left on the Nexus vs the right side of the Hero. I kept quitting apps at first, but have the hang of it now. The power button is on the top right and you have to hold it for a bit longer than I was used to doing to turn on the phone.Overall, I don't think I could have chosen a better phone.  I can definitely see myself keeping this one until my next upgrade, and maybe beyond.

I got this phone at the beginning of August, and I haven't had ANY issues with it. Reception is great in San Diego. The phone is super fast, the screen is bright enough to use outdoors, I use it a lot for videos and music and it always comes through. GPS is great as well. Call quality is perfect. The only thing I wish was better was battery life, but I use my phone more than most people do. Gingerbread is great and it got better with the Google Wallet app which I've used twice at 7/11 without any trouble.I really recommend  this phone to everyone. I know 3 people that have bought it and every one of them loves it.

The reception issues for Samsung and HTC phones made me ditch HTC and also sell my Nexus s 4g phones that me and the wife had. The software is not the issue with the nexus s 4g it is the cheap antenna's the used when making the phones. This is a basic function that a phone must have the ability to maintain a good signal in a good reception area. Even in the best areas the Nexus will just have 1 - 2 bars of service and drop calls and have signal fade. Wi-fi is poor as well as it drops the signal and doesn't connect at a high rate of speed even in the same room as the router.I gave up and sold our nexus s 4g's and grabbed a motorola photon and a motorola xprt and we couldn't be happier with the results. Full bars of service even on the fringe areas of the sprint network. Stable wi-fi and no more dropped calls. What good is a phone if it can't do the basic task of making a call. You be the judge, the motorola's we got may not be the flashiest of the andriods but they got the basics down and the UI is good enough for us with little motoblur.

I have had this for a couple of months. I would not choose any of the other offerings from sprint over this phone.Cons:Battery (applies to all android phones, esp. when compared to iPhone 4)Reception for voice, data and wi-fi are all pretty weak.4G seems like a gimmick, my whole city is covered in dark green 4g coverage according to the sprint map yet I rarely get 4g in any of these areas or 1 bar at most. I end up leaving it disabled most of the time to save battery.Paid too much, $200 on contract, went down to $99 or less right after.Pros:Clean, un-compromised android software, best I have seen.Fast processorLightweight yet maintains quality feelGreat screenOverall this is your best choice if you have Sprint as most or all of the cons apply to other android phones as well.

The Nexus S 4G (Samsung/Sprint) is hard to beat at the price available nowadays (Dec. 2011). Got it for the special web-only price that ran last week (FREE as my upgrade w/ renewed 2-year contract), and it has performed perfectly so far. No "bloatware" (extra unwanted Sprint apps), and the interface, of course, is pure Android (no Samsung bells and whistles). Some may appreciate the bells and whistles, though. I would've been happy to actually pay for the phone.THE ORIGINAL RECEPTION AND DATA RATE PROBLEMS AT INITIAL RELEASE IN MAY 2011 ARE NOW FIXED with its Android 2.3.5 update, and now there's 2.3.7. CAUTION: Out of the box, it may not be updated to the latest version. Mine was not and had terrible reception and data performance. But I knew what to look for. Make sure to ask a Sprint rep to get the phone to download and install the latest Android version if you don't know how to do this yourself.So I echo the review from "Method2Madness" and also feel that this phone is definitely underrated. It may not be the fastest gaming phone, in which case you should be looking to get a dual-core processor like my wife's Galaxy S2 Epic 4G Touch, and expect to pay for what you get. But the Nexus S 4G (with the latest Android updates) performs way better than any business user needs it to, has a beautiful Super AMOLED (not Plus) screen, good (not outstanding) 4G data rates (depending on your location, of course), and can be loaded up with a ton of apps.Note that though the 16 GB internal storage is not replaceable unlike many other phones, the 16 GB is still plenty unless you want to fill up on a large library of music and videos. Even then, a few dozen albums is easy to fit along with a few dozen apps. I don't ever see myself filling up that 16 GB.Camera is OK. Not the best, but if I need good pictures, I have a regular point & shoot Canon and a Nikon SLR.I was turned off by the looks of the Nexus initially, but kept in mind that with an Android, you can customize to your heart's desire. The "live wallpaper" is pretty cool, I admit. Many free downloadable ones. Widgets galore. iPhone's are way behind on user customization.Though not a dual core, the processor is still a healthy 1 GHz, and can run some pretty intense 3D games out there. Again, no unnecessary bloatware running in the background to slow down your processor. If you're a power user, then you're probably willing to pay for a high powered phone. Want real solid-feeling construction? Maybe go with HTC's Design 4G, also single-core. Otherwise, you can't beat the value of this Nexus. Pretty thin profile, so just get a $15 case for it which is the only thing I had to pay for (besides taxes and activation) when it came to this phone.

I recently switched to Sprint from Tmobile, and purchased the Nexus S. The salesman at the Sprint store had pretty much helped me narrow down my phone choices to the Nexus S and the HTC EVO. I ended up getting the NEXUS out the door for $75 and $25 after rebate! Smoking deal right? Well, I can honestly say this is my first smart phone purchase so I was rather uneducated about the options and bells and whistles that come with smart phones, but after the Sprint salesman assured me that the Nexus was a better buy the HTC I went with it. WIthin the first two days of having the phone I dropped two calls. I've had the phone less than a week and I drop about every other call. At my house, I never run with more than two bars if that. So needless to say, perhaps the Nexus has a bunch of really nice features for a smart phone, but I don't need a computer I need a working phone! I never would have thought that the basic function of a phone would be the WORST feature! And after reading the other similar reviews of this Nexus problem, I will be returning this phone for the HTC! And remember, "if it seems too good to be true, it probably is."

There are MANY documented problems on this recently released phone. Neither Sprint, Google nor Samsung are saying much regarding the loss of signal, dropped calls, horrible WiFi and 4G performance. WAIT, at the very least, to see who/what is going to happen regarding fixes. It's not worth it to buy and then return and then have to return THAT second phone.As an Android device, it's amazing - as a phone that receives data, it's terrible.

This has to be the most underrated phone out there! It's a terrific combination of features and blazing speed. The screen is amazing, the combination of fast processor, plenty of RAM, and plenty of storage make this one incredible phone. It comes stock with "vanilla" Android 2.3 (aka Gingerbread) and it has no add-on software from Samsung or Sprint (Although you can download the Sprint apps from the Market if you're so inclined). It's PURE Android. I find it to be faster and more streamlined than previous Android phone offerings.The phone simply works wonderful! Multimedia multitasking doesn't bog it down and data flies to and from this phone. Apps start instantaneously, internet is speedy and GPS locks on in seconds. And although it's not a signal magnet, by any means, I've had no dropped calls or any of the signal issues others have reported (I immediately updated to 2.3.5). We don't have 4G in my area, so I can't comment on that, but 3G is steadily between 600kbps and 1.2mbps in my house. Not bad.It's also WELL supported in the modding community. Especially from the developers over at xda-developers. There are several different ROM's and kernels available that not only add features, but make the NS4G even faster than it already is (if you can believe that). I'm currently running BuglessPete's GPA17 ROM and the Matrt1x kernel and have never seen a faster phone in my life. I even have it undervolted and underclocked to 800mhz (to save a bit of battery) and it still flies! For those hardcore speed junkies, the phone is even 100% stable at 1.4ghz. This phone is quite easy to root and install ROM's, kernels and patches to. There's even a patch to let you tether wirelessly without having to pay Sprint the exorbitant $30/mo fee.Speaking of battery, I'm quite surprised at the battery life. It's not something I would call phenomenal by any means, but with moderate use (screen on a total of 2 hours at a little over 1/4 brightness, about 10 phone calls, 25 texts, a few emails and about an hour of internet surfing), I was able to make it over a full day before getting the low battery warning. Keep in mind, I'm running a modded ROM and kernel, but I experienced similar battery life running the stock ROM. The biggest battery drain is unfortunately also the phones best feature: The beautiful SAMOLED screen. But as long as you keep the brightness down to reasonable levels (half or less) and don't have the screen on constantly, you can expect above average battery life.In conclusion it goes without saying, that I highly reccomend this phone. There were reception issues that plagued this lil' guy at launch, but this has since been corrected with the 2.3.5 update and I have noticed no appreciable signal issues. You will NOT find a better Sprint phone for the price.

My reception is great in 4G, 3G on the Sprint network and flawless on WiFi.  I don't know what these other reviews are talking about. Sounds like some type of bias. I like the fact that my phone is updated with the latest Android version first, is a true Android operating system and a very good looking, sleek phone.  I recommend it.  Cons: no micro SD slot (has 13 GB of internal storage) and no micro HDMI output.  Other than, it's the best phone I have ever had.

I am a big supporter of Android and currently own 4-5 Android devices. Needless to say I was very excited when I heard that Sprint was getting this phone. It would be my first pure Google experience on an Android device. Read below to see my impressions.HARDWARE:Lets go ahead and say it; the Nexus S is a sexy phone! The all black design with the curved glass display is almost stunning. When I first laid eyes on the device I just wanted to pick it up, however, that is where the love story ends. My immediate impression of the hardware is "cheap". The Nexus S is comprised mostly of plastic with a piano finish look which attracts finger prints and makes the phone appear oily. Samsung claims that the screen has a special anti-fingerprint coating on it but I will have to call BS on that right now. In terms of attracting finger prints on the screen and body, this phone is one of the worse I have ever used. Even after wiping the screen with my shirt, microfiber, or pants; it just seemed to make it worse. I don't know what kind of glass is used on this device but I will say that it does a very poor job of handling scratches. I do not use screen protectors on any of my devices and always keep my phones in my pocket separate from keys, coins, etc. The Nexus S is the first phone that I have noticed micro-scratches on the screen after a few weeks of use. This is unfortunately because the Super AMOLED display is just beautiful. The blacks are very black, with the display off the screen blends in with the phone very well. Only one problem I noticed is with the whites, there tends to be a pinkish hue to whites and I am told that this is a common problem with AMOLED screens. When compared to my Epic 4G or EVO 4G, the difference between the whites is like night and day.I no longer use this phone for one reason: signal strength. I the signal strength on this phone is just horrible. There are random periods in which the phone will just lose signal, I will not be able to surf the net or make phone calls until I perform a reboot and hope that signal is restored. I went through all of the trouble shooting techniques such as updating profile, PRL, software (if available), but the only thing that seems to work is to reboot the phone. Sprint is no help whatsoever with regard to this problem. This is simply unacceptable!SOFTWARE:The Nexus S runs generic android with no special skin overlays. Some people love it and some people hate it. I tend to fall into the second group. Coming from a HTC phone using Sense UI, I found myself missing many of the widgets provided by HTC such as the calender, clock, etc. I know that you can simply download widgets from the Market Place and this solution will work for 99% of you out there. It doesn't work for me because I like the consistency in UI appearance when all of your widgets are made by the same company (as seen with special UI skins such as Sense). If you own or have used any current gen android super phone then you will be familiar with the performance. I found the phone to be very snappy with little lag. One thing I will praise the phone for is the battery life. For some reason this phone is able to retain a charge for a particularly long time. After a 7-8 hr outing, the phone still have approximately 75% charge. I can't say the same for my EVO.I am holding on to the phone because of the Ice Cream Sandwich promise. Hopefully they will fix the signal issue too.Final Rating: 2/5 stars (Sexy design, poor signal, cheap materials)

My wife has Evo and I ran Speedtest on Nexus and Evo side to side. The 1 year old Evo constantly gets download speed 4 time higher. As much as I like NS4G looks and functionality I have its poor reception. Thinking of returning it back if Sprint fails to fix the issue within next 2 weeks.

This phone has the potential to be great... nice UI, form factor, pure Google experience, etc. See the other good reviews of this product for an analysis of what it does well. Unfortunately, this phone has serious connection issues that cause it to perform worse on 3g, voice and WiFi than other devices connecting to the same networks. There is no 4g in my area, but I suspect a similar story with 4g.Google says they are looking into the issue, but you would be best served by waiting to see if the issues get resolved with this device. I ignored the other posts talking about reception issues and purchased the phone anyway, thinking it was just people with expectations set too high, but I frequently drop calls, have calls that don't ring through or connect, lack audio, or have some other issue. Texts sometimes get sent, but often fail or get received hours after the fact, and data connections timeout or give me errors that I have lost connection. I have applied Sprint updates with no noticeable improvement. There is a LONG thread on the Google Mobile Help Forum about these issues: [...]Side by side WiFi tests with an iPod consistently give me better results with the iPod, and my three year old Blackberry Pearl had much more consistent reception.

Phone is too touch sensitiveSprint network doesn't work too well inside my house.But, the worst part of my shopping experience at AmazonWireless.com was after sales. I wanted to cancel my plan and return the phone. Amazon seemed eager to get the phone back but didn't want to honor their 30-day return policy for the Sprint service.When I was buying the phone and the plan on AmazonWireless.com, the only return policy I could find was Amazon's 30 day return policy. But, when I tried to return the phone and cancel the service, for the reasons mentioned on first two lines, Amazon asked me to go to Sprint customer service. There, I found out about Sprint's recently (a week ago I bought the phone) changed their return policy from 30 days to 14 days.So, I went back to Amazon and asked them why their website didn't mention this anywhere throughout my shopping experience. They first agreed that their website had a problem and will work to right the wrong. After a couple of days, perhaps after modifying their website to add the details of Sprint's new policy, Amazon told me it was all my fault.I have learnt my lesson. and, I am not going to repeat my mistake of buying phones at amazonwireless.com

I have used the phone for about 23 days now and here are my findings so far -a) Great display. Touchscreen seems to work super. Just don't expect to have a great time in the sun. If you are comparing Nexus S with Evo 3d, you will find the 3d is better but only by a minor 4% but this phone has a far better feel in terms of design.b) Camera - Possibly the best camera on any phone I've used. I have taken 250 pictures in this one month. That's more than any I took over the last six months. The camera doesn't do zoom though. Flash works great. No, I mean it, it works great. I don't even bother taking my digital camera with me. Macro is sharp too if you wanna take a quick picture of a document you wrote. The front facing camera is pretty good too though I seldom use it. As far as recording video is concerned, I've heard some great things but never bothered for some reason. Maybe I shall take some videos and talk about it later in an update 2 weeks from now.c) Battery Life - If I don't use the extended SEIDIO battery, the phone will last me for about 18 hours of decent usage. While this is good for some, it isn't meant for me because I am an extreme user. I browse a lot and don't like decreasing brightness at all. Also use the phone to connect via bluetooth with my motorola s305 for music. With Seidio's extended battery, I can get about 36 hours with a lot of usage. Display consumes about 50-60% of the battery.d) Call Quality - Surprisingly awesome. For some reason most Blackberries I've used with Sprint hang up after 1 hour 51 minutes and then you call the person again. The Nexus S doesn't have the so-called hang up the phone time. I have spoken for 2 hours 1 minute.e) Headphones that are accompanied with this phone are the best I've seen with any other phone. Even better than the Samsung Epic. You can speak with them and the call quality is aweosme when using the earphones. They also offer fair noise cancellation and are packed delightfully.f) Inbuilt Storage - Accessing the files by connecting the micro usb cable to the computer is an easy process but sometimes it can involve too much clicking, also the cable at the bottom is so annoying - the cable is right next to the headphone jack which is also at the bottom. The phone has 16gb of inbuilt storage. Do I miss MICRO SD? NOT AT ALL.g) The organization of the menu is good. It's a lot of fun to scroll through the menu. The phone has a bare-backbone interface. In other words, the phone comes with no SPRINT TV, NO SPRINT NAVIGATION, NO SPRINT BLOATWARE. Can you download these additions? No.h) Voice recognition is bad because I have an Indian accent.i) This is not a phone if you have to text a lot. Getting emails is very bad. one has to keep going into the mail and refreshing for some unknown reason. While ANDROIDS are great and they are killing BLACKBERRIES market share, I don't think there is anything  that can compare with the email handling abilities of the Blackberry. The efficiency of a qwerty keyboard. Sometimes there is just too much happening. There is a CAR MODE but I don't drive so I can't tell you how good it is. The touchscreen keyboard on any of the HTC Evo's is better. The phone doesn't come loaded with Swype. I had to buy it.j) No - LED notification - This is a major flaw.k) The speaker is as good as not being there if you are trying to play music on it. Not a music player.l) The browser is good and big but if you're going to try to zoom in to things, the software is LAGGY.m) The phone is not as fast as the evo if you are downloading something. The 4G service never really seems to connect.n) I wish SAMSUNG didn't place their standby keys on the right hand side of the phone. I am still not used to it and press it all the time.I don't use my 4th generation i-pod touch anymore because this has replaced it. I like that I can view Netflix films anytime I want. With a bigger battery like the one I have, it's so much more convenient. I am slowly getting accustomed to the size of the seidio. The alarm feature is ok. Yahoo Mail integration and Facebook integration is awesome. It takes maybe three clicks to post a picture you have just taken on facebook. I know for a fact that if I had the Evo or the Evo Shift, I would like them more. I chose this phone simply because of how it looks. I love the camera but have so many issues with the phone.Overall, I would recommend this to mediocre users and not ADVANCED users. I'm going to keep this for a month or two.If you have never used an Android before, you should know that out of the three top operating systems in the world for phones, Android is the best for MULTI-TASKING, it makes the iPhone look a little complicated.
