
This is a great phone. Im really happy , it is very fast and light, the only problem is the android version 2.2 froyo.

Purchased this phone last year after lots of research. When I got the phone it was great, nice camera, nice speed, great all around phone, but when I had problems there was no customer support... Zero.. just referrals to somebody else...I got referred to Canada etc....Basically what I'm saying is if you buy this no warranty phone and there is a problem...you just flushed 200 dollars ,minimum, down the drain like I did. The phone locked up after about 1.5 months and became a very expensive paper weight. Let the buyer beware....no warranty

It has problems a lot . This phone get hanged automatically and works too slow . I don't know why

Camera's great; love phone; received packaged well and in a timely manner.  Second time I BOUGHT a phone; usually went with the free one throughout phone contracts, however, we tried Straightalk and their phones (hated phone; hated service).  For a Smartphone, this wasn't such an expensive plunge from free, but with previous bad experiences, I was ready for a Smartphone; recommend getting unlocked (this was) as it wil give you freedom with whichever company you wish.  We are with Walmart's Family Plan with T-Mobile and VERY pleased with service, price and unlimited data with our service for a reasonable price.  I was very reluctant to get a Smart phone because Data Plans were so costly, however, this phone and our plan are a GREAT combination.

I expected a lower end smartphone, but was surprised with an amazing upgrade from my LG Optimus Slider. My only complaint was the inability to play high-graphics centered games, (very recently towards the end of my use for it) such as Temple Run 2. I'm now giving the phone to ,y mother, for her to use, and have upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy S3, which I highly recommend as well.

This cell phone is one of the best for the price, it is unblocked and i can use the service in M&eacute;xico with no problem

I loved this phone.  I purchased it as a refurbished item and was pleased with the whole process until it stopped working.  Got error messages &#34;no SD card inserted&#34;, camera wouldn't turn on, phone would start dialing on it's own -- at church :).  The seller DID take it as a return, but CHARGED ME RE-STOCKING fee for a defective product.  Thought Amazon stood behind their customers more than this, but can't knock the phone or it's features until it broke down.  One should be able to have a smartphone this expensive work longer than 3-6 months.

The phone is European & won't turn on! Very disappointed with the result of this product. Definitely do not recommend

LG has been known for not supporting their software upgrade. You may get the latest android right now. But you are going to stuck with that android version for the rest of your smartphone life. Don't buy LG, you will regard it next year when everyone is using Android 5.0. I am a victom of the G2X, they promised to upgrade it when it was released 2 years ago. I now have a samsung s3 and the g2x still hasn't get that updated LG originally promised. In fact, LG don't even response to G2X update questions at all... LOL

Hey, I just wanna say a few thing.First, this phone is so cheap in comparison with high level smartphones and the iPhone that I cannot believe the quality, performance and functionality of this LG model. I think LG is doing a great job for bringing to us a series of phones that not create a hole in our pockets but not taken away all the features that we wanna have. I'm an Android lover, but not a Apple hater, however I simply believe that Apple cares more about its earns than costumers (maybe they think the opposite but is truth). Well, LG care about its earns and costumers, and that's what a company is about. Great future for LG.PD: Sorry if my english is a little raunchy. I'm still learning.

Me sorprendi&oacute; la tarjeta de 4 gb que ven&iacute;a incluida, que aunque es poco, me salv&oacute; para comenzar a usar el producto. Me encanta la pantalla, es de verdad una gran opci&oacute;n por ese precio. Altamente recomendado.I was surprised by the sd card that was included; ir was just 4 gb, but it's enough to start using the phone. I love the display, and think it's a great option considering the price. Highly recommended

these stars are for seller, not the phone

So I bought this phone based on the reviews I read and they are so miss leading, I wanted a smart phone to replace my Galaxy S phone as an upgrade to a front and back camara on a phone and I'm very disappointed with this phone. I'm going to tell you where my Galaxy S has this phone beat first batter life on my Galaxy S is better second the touch screen on my G'S is better third G'S internet speed much better because the optimus starts with a 2G suggested use for longer battery life it's a joke really. The only thing this other phone has is the 2way camara. Lesson learned if ever I want an upgraded phone I'm sticking to Samsung, in all honesty I wanted the Galaxy note just way expensive.

I use ATT, they think the phone is a blackberry. This phone is exactly what I wanted and in the price range I wanted to spend.

I Am About To Order This Phone As Soon As Someone Help MeWith This One Problem Well I Want To Know Is This Phone For Net10 Company

This is a great phone if you want a cell phone for actually calling people, doing email and internet browsing. If you want to play games, go for a more recent faster and more expensive machine.The 4-inch screen is good in bright light, the LG UI does what it needs to do.The battery life is typical for an Android phone. If you install Juicedefender and turn off gps,and wireless unless using them, the phone will easily last a day for phone calls - at least it does for me.

The LG-P970 is a decent phone for the price. You might not like the fact the charger comes with a European Plug and an adapter for US outlets. I have to keep a password on my phone for business purposes and this phone has a maximum timeout of 10 minutes which I find to be irritating at times. It seems you just put it both and it timeout. My Blackberry had a maximum timeout of 30 minutes which was nicer.

this is one great phone that the LG made for this generation, i like the phone its quality the phone itself all the apps and components are great! nothing to complain with this buy in a reasonable price that everything is on the phone...

Compr&eacute; este tel&eacute;fono hace unos cinco meses y me funciona muy bien en Venezuela con Digitel. Liviano, buena pantalla y navegaci&oacute;n siempre mayor a 3G.

El equipo es lo que esperaba y cubre mis expectativas. Adem&aacute;s la entrega fue realizada en el tiempo esperado, Saludos

My phone is only a little over a month old, i love it, very thin easy to use but the downfall is it is overheating and drains the battery. Is anyone experiencing that same problem? I charge my phone at least 4 times a day...i mean come on man. Any suggestions from anyone please ? or advice in any options to try to stop this heating problem ? thanxNew problem now, the phone just goes off on its own in the middle of messaging and comes back on. Brought it to a technician and told them the problem i have with it and could u imagine i was told that the board for the phone isn't good. i mean come on! I didn't even get a chance to enjoy my phone and these things are happenin. Total waste of money ..DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP PHONE !!! bOUGHT IT SOMETIME LATE JULY AND WE ARE IN SEPTEMBER SMH.....

Great Phone! Love it!I had trouble getting my SIM to work with it and had trouble getting internet and MMS to work. But after some research on configs I got it all figured out.The phone is smaller than I thought it would be. Which is perfect for me!I still can't get the internal memory to work with it. If anyone knows how, pleease let me know!I've contacted the seller. They are good at responding fast. So far my experience with the product has been good (except for the minor drawbacks stated above - hopefully these will be fixed in no time.)I would recommend the seller to anyone.

I have T-Mobile.  I bought it to replace my  LG  G2X.  I wanted a larger screen.  This phone is the EXACT size as my LG G2X phone.  I gave it to my grand-daughter, she loves it, she's 12 yrs old.  It works just fine and is pretty fast.  I just popped my sim card in and it worked right out the box.  If you are looking to upgrade to a larger (4 inch) phone, don't waste your money, this phone is barely 3 inches wide.  However, if you are looking for an unlocked phone that's fast and works just fine, then it's ok.  But they should really put the correct info in the description.  IT IS DEFINITELY NOT A 4 INCH PHONE.

It is a awesome cell phone and omes as described ... NOTHING LESS.Very fast , light and beautiful look.LG defenitely has improved their products!A+It comes already w newest Android op system version.

I like it. good price and good quality for $120. Its from lg and google. The only problem is it does have garanty

Thanks for your replies effective. But I urge you to check the package in Miami please, thank you, for your attention.

I have to update my review - this is the slowest piece of junk I've ever had. It freezes all the times, takes about 10 secs to open any app, keyboard app (when I'm trying to type a text) stops working at least once a day. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this phone. It's trash.When I first got the phone I was very pleased with it - nice design, great bright display.First problem I ran into in texting - it's pretty bad, keys are non-responsive, I usually had to touch the space 3-4 times before it works. Very frustrating. Scrolling down when browsing is really bad too - it either doesnt scroll at all, or scrolls way too much. Even more frustrating. And the worst thing is battery. I don't expect it to last for days, but it won't even last half a day. And I don't use it much at all. Recently it started dying overnight. I would go to bed when it's fully charged, wake up in the morning and it's at 30%. Seriously? I don't have a data plan, tried switching of Wi-fi, nothing helps. I checked the battery use - 50% Mobile Standby, 49% - Mobile Idle. WOW! I have no idea what's going on, but it's unacceptable. I really wish I chose a differnet phone. Can't believe it has great reviews.Would like to improve my review - the battery issue has disappeared on itself, now it lasts for a couple of days. Not sure why it was so bad when I first got it, but glad it's fine now. It's still a little slow at times, which is frustrating, but I don't expect much from a phone in this price range.

love it! got the phone sooner than expected, works great! So happy with everything, i would highly recommend this product!

excelent

I just bought this phone (in Germany) a few days ago and would have paid less for it on Amazon.  It has a gorgeous, very bright and high resolution display - so bright that I have kept it set at minimum brightness.  I tested it outside today, under a partially cloudy sky - and I could clearly read the display when it was set to maximum brightness!!  LG has done a surprisingly good job of customizing Android (2.2.2 for now) on it.  Info on the internet indicates that LG will release Gingerbread for it in SEP 11 for those concerned about 2.3 and higher.  It has lots of extra widgets and apps - like battery and cellular data usage - that you would normally have to get from the market. Excellent battery life despite the bright display - it's kinda early to tell but I've gotten two full days with normal usage.  Cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity are also great - and no sound problems or dropped calls. I have two concerns with it though.  First, the main part of the phone is very well built but the battery cover is too thin in my opinion - the phone itself doesn't creak or bend but it sure seems as if the back/battery cover won't take much abuse.  That being said, the phone does feel solid with the battery cover locked in place.  And, related to this, the battery cover is also tricky to remove so this isn't a phone that you would want to frequently swap the chips in.  Last but not least, the included Euro charger is huge and it looks pure Stone Age - shame on you LG!! ***** Edited to add a couple more points: This is a small thing but a big plus in my opinion:  LG modified Android to allow screen captures on the P970!  All you have to do - kind of like on the iPhone - is press home and power at the same time and the screen is captured. Also - after two full days of moderate usage (easy to track battery usage in Android) it was at 42% battery remaining.

I am disappointed, this is the worst service in the time that I've been working with you. It is necessary to care for and respect their customers.

got it as a gift for my dad.basically he said he loves it so much its likea new life style for him.good seller and all the adaptors for international usecame with it as well. new as described. great seller

This is an awesome phone! All I needed to do was install a sim card and I was in business!

this an excellent cellphone. very elegant and simple. its pretty light and you can update it to android 4.0.4downloading the LG program from LG web in a very quick way.the only thing i could say about this phone is the battery looks a bit lite

this is a all around good phone'and worth the money'considering what all the new phones are like now coming out'most are flimsy and thin this one is made good and i have been pleased with it so far' seems like the more you use it the better it works!

VERY GOOD! lightweight, thin and very bright. I prefer this one tha the iphone. The batery can hold 2 days using wifi. The camera is HD very good too.

I love all of the features on this phone.  The only problem I have had is that it will freeze up and sometimes I would have to take the battery out in order to get it back working again.  Also, I don't if it's the phone or the service (Straight Talk) but I have been having issues with using my internet even in areas that have wifi.  All in all, it is a decent phone.

Excellent phone. I've been using it for 3 days and for the moment everything works excellent. Battery has almost 2 days of duration with normal use (alarm, few web browsing, 2/3 short calls, 3-4 hours per day wifi on) thats OK for me.PS: Screen is awesome

First problem is the touch sensitivity of the screen, before this I had a Samsung-captivate, that is an awsome phone in comparison to this.  But on this phone I can't type very fast because it reads my input wrong half the time and often I have to bang on the screen harder to get it to register the keystroke.I'm on the second device as the first one died after 40days, that had the same issues.  The new replacement was sent to me quickly, I'll give the carrier credit for prompt service, but with the new one running updated 2.3 operating system, none of the problems have been resolved.2_The phone interface is very stupid, the moment the call connects the screen goes blank, almost all calls now require user to punch in a number to get to the menue of choices, doesn't matter if its pharmacy, Dr.office, phone company, or wherever you're calling, until you can navigate your way through the options you can't get to a live voice, right?  That is why this interface is so dumb!  instantly the moment call connects screen goes blank regardless of what time-out you set your screen to, that is so irritating!3_The web/ui is as bad as the phone, the session you're in goes up in smoke, vapor with no apparent reason about 20% of the time!  If you were on a form you've lost everything, you have to start all over again!4_The camera with the stereo-scope (3D-like) is able to hone in on subject and focus quicker than most other phones which is a plus, but the end result in 5M is very grainy and looks more like a cheap 1Megapixel of eras past, NOT all megapixels are the same, LG obviously didn't spend more on a quality hi-density CCD here.  Picture quality is OK for posting on Facebook but forget getting prints out of it.5_Audio app which is pre-loaded on the device is garbage and annoying.  Imagine, it rings you go to get the call, you plug in your headset to be hands free and upon inserting the headset jack into the phone, the stupid audio player pops up and blasts the first song on the play list at full volume while you're trying to carry on a conversation, that's really special.6_App choices for this phone are very scarce compared to more acceptable brands like xyz (I won't mention competing brands because I'm nobody's troll), you'll discover that for example the CHASE online banking app won't even work on this LG!Its end of my day and I'm too tired to list all the other issues with the device, but in a nutshel if you're not a power user, you don't expect a lot form your phone, you're happy just making calls and surf facebook occasionally, then you might be thrilled!  But why spend so much for a substandard device when you can get cheaper phones that deliver that much for a lot less money?At face value, the 3D-like feature is sexy, that novelty wears off after a week unless you have a child that likes to watch the pre-packaged 3D gallery, there its a great phone for a 4yr old!

This phone was perfect selection for for what I wanted for smart phone. It's not too bulky, decent footprint and has all the features. Nice phone for the price.

I got this phone from Telcel, mexican mobile provider. At first I was quite happy wit it... it had a good screen, and was quite weight light. After a year with it I had too many I-will-bang-this-phone-against-the-wall moments.First the headphone connector failed, and somehow the phone thought headphones were connected, and so I couldn't hear anything. Fortunately this is such a common problem, there is an app to re route the audio.Then the SD card started failing. Sometimes the phone says there are no SD card, or that it needs to format it, or nothing at all. Android is such a great system (irony), that without the SD card the phone can't take pictures, nor download a miserable PDF, even if there are hundreds of megabytes still available in the phone memory. I tried formatting the SD card and the whole system freezes.All that paired with an obsolete Android OS that keeps freezing the phone because LG really doesn't want to provide an update to the lastest OS version.I'm done, I'm getting an iPhone.

Friend  had a similar phone. It arrived as promised. It works well. camera takes good pictures would recommend this phone to others.

Received this product and it was faulty, continously turned off every 15mins or so after I charged it and turned it on. Contacted the seller and they said I could return it for a full refund, I have done so and have yet to get my refund. I have documentation on all of this. And if my refund doesn't come soon then I'll be forced to sue the company. I urge you to go elsewhere for this product, Ebay maybe. These sellers are to much of a hassle to deal with. High Class Mobile is the seller.

This is one of the best phones Ive had yet. Its is fast and powerful. The only problem I have with it is that the GPS takes a while to get a location lock.I have flashed  Custom ROM on this phone and now runs Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean. and it came with Android 2.2.2 Froyo.I am very pleased with this purchase and when I need a new phone I hope it will be the LG Nexus 4, but that won't be for a while.

Im going to reconsider on this phone. In order for the phone to use the internet, one needs to set up there mobiles providers APN (access point name). Once that is set up the internet should be working fine. That was the mistake that I failed to realize when I got a different phone. I will get another one eventually and give it another shot.*Update*After setting all the information with my phone provider everything works perfect. The wireless hotspot works with no problems.  The only thing that I might have a bit of an issue with is how long the battery lasts.  After the phone is fully charge it will star deplete  itself almost immediately. I just hope I can get a battery replacement.  I just used it for about 10mins and the battery goes down to 80%. However if you turn off a few unwanted features the phone's battery will hold for a little longer.*UPDATE VERY IMPORTANT*THE OEMPlanet , "AKA," "The unlocked cell phone kings inc." have the worst customer service ever. I wanted to get replacements for my cell phones batteries, since either one was not working properly and this is what they said " They should have the battery on amazon for a good price."So for any future buyers please beware of this company. I have been trying to get my batteries replaced on both phones for the past two weeks. I had to go through Amazon in order to get my replacements. Amazon knows true customer service. So, Please reconsider buying this phone from this company,(OEMPlanet.AKA Unlocked cell Phone kings) there 5 star customer service is not legit. The phone is great, but the seller is not.

Too slow for certain apps but other than that decent smart phone. Lite, durable (have dropped it more than once on hard surfaces..)Bright screen.

I was looking for good smart phone for less than 200$.I am presently T-mobile customer and want phone which works with T-mobile frequency. First i was little scared to buy any phones and T-mobile as very rare frequency and most of the phone doesn't work on 3G and 4G frequencies of T-mobile.So i researched and bought this phone as last and frankly speaking this is an amazing phone. Its supports T-Mobile frequencies and great in look and quality. Its shows H on the top right side and i was confuse then i researched that its higher version of technology and its works better than 3G, So far its working good for me and am 100% satisfied with this phone.If you looking to buy phone with great price try this one.

This phone was a gift for my &#34;not to tech savvy&#34; mom and it is working well, i rushed ordered it and it came quick it was unlocked as I wanted and she began to use it right away, the only quirk is that the phones battery does die off fast but either then that she loves it.

Hello, I buy all cellular this one hereabouts approximately 6 months ago, for what I pay the cellular one it was new and I come near one used one, with a stripe on the screen and with other problems, I could not have connected to write the critique, but I feel stolen

After quite a bit of comparison shopping I thought I found a great starter smartphone.  I love the screen clarity and the rest of the reviews on the internet convinced me to choose this phone.  I was looking forward to using this phone for years to come.I got it today and to get started I called a local Global Wireless network provider who uses the Verizon cell towers.  They informed me that just because this phone's network spec supported GSM did not automatically guarantee the Verizon Wireless Network allows this phone in their service. They had never heard of this phone. I also called Verizon and sure enough, it is not among "their list of tested and approved" phones. Turns out I also was not fully comprehending what unlocked phone meant. I thought I could use my new LG P970 Optimus unlocked phone with any wireless network of my choice provided the technical details were within the network providers parameters.  I'm still not clear what unlocked means.Now I'll be paying a restocking fee to return it, and sadly I would rather not return it, but A T & T is a more expensive network provider.  It takes time to compare shop for a good phone if you don't want to be forced to buy from your local wireless provider.I also found after receiving the phone, in order to save photos taken from the two cameras you have to have an external memory card. So you may as well buy either the 16GB or the 32GB flash memory card at the same time you buy the phone to fully utilize it's capabilities.

For my niece, she wanted to have this &#34;phone?&#34;. Well, it's cheap and you get what you pay for. Let's see how long it lasts.

I ordered this phone and it came on time. I've been using it for a couple days and so far it has done great. It did freeze up on me once, but that may have been my fault because I did press about 7 buttons at the same time because I couldn't make up my mind, haha. It is a very sleek phone, not bulky at all. It is actually thinner than the iPhone. This was my first android phone and it was very easy to understand and pick up Quickly. The phone comes with a few pre-loaded social networking sites (Twitter for LG, FaceBook for LG, and MySpace for LG) they kinda suck but you can just delete them from the home screen and download the real ones so no biggie. It's quick, I havent noticed any lagging. I would defiantly recommend getting this phone.

Is it worth more to me than the price I paid:  Not reallyWould i recommend it to a friend:  I haveWould i buy another one if this broke :  Maybe not this model, but definitely another LG

It works fine in Venezuela (DIGITEL). I'm satisfied with this purchase. Very nice smartphone. Easy Operating System update to Android 4.0.  Screen Brightness is the highest I've seen in smartphones. The only negative comment is for battery life, it has to be recharged twice every day, even with a moderate use.

Just wish I had checked with Amazon first I could have saved $50.  I went from a smaller cheaper phone to this because of it's size and I absolutley LOVE this phone.

I love the phone but it does not come with a sim card. This is my first time buying a phone off of amazon other than that I mostly buy cases and screen protectors. Maybe I missed something when I was reading the description not sure. It has a slim and sleek light weight design that I like a lot. If you buy this phone or any phone make sure it comes with the sim card for it to be activated. I cannot use the sim card in my other phone either. I a have to purchase a brand new one. I hope my review helps you if you are considering buying it. Love the phone but you will have to buy the sim card separate I had no idea.

I got this phone on June 2012 and i am using it in Argentina. Phone freezes everytime since the 1st month and i have to restart it often.This phone comes with a czech manual, so i think that this is an eupean version.the speaker doesn't work ,so if i receive a phone call i can't hear the caller thru the speaker.i have to use the headset to make/receive a phone call.If you want to use this phone with Movistar( in Argentina) 3G will not work due that movistar 3G operates in a different band that the phone supported band.

In this purchase you make at Amazon by such seller, I give three stars is not unlike anything negative is that it was my mistake for not telling the seller via email before. what happened to me was that the system was only as the English language, Chinese, French none of this is the official language of my country, I live in Venezuela, so good delivery time, zero detail and color requested.I did was install an application language for the operating system ..

good that lasted,if you get this phone now you'll have alot of lag because of the updates on the smart phone

I can't used the apps i want with this phone it is to slow also it is not working for me i had a LG gt540 that was nice even the camera i don't like pics from this phone

What towers does it run off of? Is the service thru Verizon or atat. I don't want to buy it if it doesn't run off of verizon

excelent celphone

We sent it back.  It wouldn't work with our current phone plan.  It came with a charger that could only be used in Europe.

The phone is great quality for the price. The screen is nice. It's a nice phone in general. I've had it for about 30 minutes and everything was really easy to set up and learn. My problem occurred when I realized that this phone is WI-FI ONLY! If you have an internet date plan with your provider it does not work on this phone. I can only get internet where wi-fi is avaliable. The camera is pretty poor quality though which I hate because I'm addicted to Instagram and taking pictures.

I purchased the phone from Metro PCS less than a week ago, after skimming over the specs.It included all that I was seeking:1.  WiFi Calling,2.  inexpensive, so I can take it while SCUBA and not become too worries if it breaks,3.  Real compass and GPS (Not triangulation, which is horribly inaccurate,)4.  Small and light.Enjoy!

I bought this cellphone for my girlfriend and she like it. The cellphone is very good and is working properly.

Comprado desde Chile, cumplio con mis espectativas. Equipo rapido, liviano, delgado y le mejor que esta a un precio increible. La bateria me dura entre 1 y 2 dias, y eso que aun no cambio a la version 2.3.4 que asegura mayor duracion de bateria.Voy a realizar la actualizacion de version, y les comento como me va con eso.

Beware people.. no gorilla glass in this version, dunno if there is a difference from usa version versus the rest of the world.The phone is actually pretty damn good.. just keep in mind that

I always had a bad reputation about LG phones. But they rock in this one. Brilliant display, very comfortable size and android apps with a decent 5mp camera. it is worth the prize as this phone has a secondary camera too. Love it. i recommend the budgeted buyers like me who want all features, with good quality and affordable price.

Great Item for Price. Very good looking, and works very smooth. Very good screen. It is not like galaxy s 2 or higher, but considering the price, it is great products !

Pros- good material quality- fast- light- screen quality is super- camera and video quality is very good and clear- good audiocons- in some situation with sun light is hard to see (mexico)- some issues with included software polaris office with excel documents (disapearing columns and data changing place)- battery don't last much (depends of corse of the use) if you use it for browsing, taking pictures, documents, it will leave you.- top button to turn it on-off is not in a good position (my opinion)- screen get dirty very quickly (don't happen with others phones I have)

I first bought LG P970H in September 2011. That phone was from Spain or it was exported to Spain, i'm not sure. Its languages were only English and Spanish. It worked very well. The touch screen was very sensitive. The color spectrum was great. I loved it a lot. Unfortunately, it was stolen when I shopped at a shoes store in late March 2012. How miserable I was!Then I had to buy another one. People suggested me buy iphone. But for me, LG P970 was the best. It was light, slim, and had a wide screen. I loved the camera functions too. It was great for people who like taking pictures of themselves. It was really nice for playing video games too.However, this time I bought LG P970 from another seller. The phone was to be sold to Asian markets like China, Indonesia, Korea, and Vietnam, I guess, because the user book has languages of all these countries. I felt something weird this time, and it turned out to be true. The phone operates at a slower rate. The touch screen is not as sensitive as the previous one. Out-of-service condition happens at times.Still, I love Android. It has a lot of free stuffs. For example, I like taking pictures myself and I find Camera Effects and LittlePhoto applications are awesome, much better than Instagram.Anyway, I still recommend this phone to anybody. Just be careful to check its origin first before deciding to purchase. LG P970H from Spain is a suggestion.

This is great phone. It is Lighter and thinner than Iphone 4, though only by a whisker. Excellent display. Very vivid colors and brightness is superb. Reads clearly ever outdoors in direct sunlight.Superb widgets, and the native UI on top of Android is pretty good. Im surprised that I have not heard more about this product earlier

Battery life= good (regardless of what others say) *Should get one backup battery for any phone thoughLooks= goodSpeed= FASTFunctionality= goodPrice= greatCamera= goodEverything on the phone is very good. The only complaint that I have currently is that it doesn't make my coffee in the morning. If you're looking for an affordable yet powerful smart phone then here it is.

I've been using my LG 970 Optimus Black for two months now and I simply love it! I bought it unlocked for use in Uruguay, South America. It's light and slim, very comfortable to handle and use, with an awsome display, very clear and bright, even under direct sunlight, and also very responsive to the touch. Very fast on the Internet and mail. It also takes very good pictures with or without flash, with lots of settings to personalize your shots as you wish. I've downloaded many cool applications from the Android Market, most of them free or with very low cost. The only thing I'm not completely satisfied with is battery life. With a moderate use of Internet, WiFi and 3G on only during the day, it lasts less than a day. However, after installing Juicedefender Ultimate from the Android Market, it now lasts aproximately a day and a half ... not that bad. But its excellent performance and sound quality greatly compensate for this drawback.January 9, 2012.After 5 months of use, I've kind of fallen out of love with it... well, not completely, but it's not my prince charming any more... I've had a serious event of denial to reboot after running out of battery, and had to take it to the service where the only option was to make a hard reset, thus losing all my personal settings and downloads, luckily not my pictures which were stored in the mini card! I read a blog on this rebooting issue, and apparently it happens frequently with this model, also when you try to block the display with the on/off button. I'm very attentive now to the battery level and have downloaded a blocking-display application, so that I don't have to use the power button to do it. This has worked so far.March 5, 2012.2 months having past since my last review, I must say that I've run out of battery three or four times, and also had to turn off the phone because it had frozen, and I had no problem whatsoever upon turning it back on. I made sure each time to wait some minutes before turning it on after turning it off or starting the battery charge, perhaps that made the difference. In summary: I'm very happy with my LG 970 again!
