
When you're picking out a phone, you kind of take for granted that basic question which after 10+ years of widespread mobile phone use should be a given: "can I make phone calls with it?"The Droid X2 fails miserably on this front. The basic idea of a cell phone is that I should be able to pick it up, press some buttons, and be connected to another phone somewhere else in the world. It's a pretty simple concept that the human race has been able to accomplish for some 100 years, and yet here I see Motorola, a supposed pinnacle of high technology, not considering that even in the year 1920 I didn't have to wait five to ten #%*@ing minutes (no, seriously, that number is not made up) for my phone to load up just so I could place a damn phone call.This phone comes off functioning as if it were a beta tester from the bottom of the disposal bucket, abandoned due to the sheer manpower it would take to fix the multitude of bugs and performance issues that somehow shipped with it. For one, the Droid X2 automatically turns itself off without reason or warning on an almost daily basis. ESPECIALLY when you're in the middle of a phone call. But it really doesn't need user feedback to decide that it's just going to turn itself off and let out an annoying and unsilenceable "DROOOOOOOOOOOOIIIIIIIIIIIIID" tone at 3:30 in the morning.To call this phone slower than molasses might imply that molasses has a tendency to move in the opposite direction than you intend it to. From the day I picked this phone out of the box it took exceedingly long to boot up, unbelievably long to load any launcher (stock, Launcher Pro, ADW, Espier, I've tried them all),  and unreasonably long to load my contacts list. All in all it loads any given app with the efficiency of a Hewlett-Packard running Windows 95. And the 3G works about as well as the MMS-based browser that came with my first Nokia candybar phone.Factory reset? Yeah, it did absolutely nothing. It wasn't until I exhausted all options and saw friends with phones that do what they're supposed to do that I realized it wasn't me, it was the years of Motorola mismanagement, outsourcing, and corner-cutting dedication to producing as much disposable crap as possible to distribute to as many idiots as is possible. I haven't even tried rooting this phone to fix it, which seems a pointless precaution because the warranty doesn't appear to cover "being a worthless hunk of garbage."

When I first got this phone it worked like a dream.  I loved how easy it was to figure out and use.  After a couple of weeks it starting going drastically down hill.  It started to randomly shut off and constantly freeze up. I would have to take the battery out just to get it un froozen.  I called verizon and after reseting it and a couple other hoops they send me another x2.  The 2nd one worked great for about a week.  This one starting shutting off and freezing as well, then the camera and camcorder stopped working.  The camera wouldnt load at times and I would have to restart the phone to get it to work.  The camcorder would skip while I was recording so during playback the video would either be in fast forward or slow motion.  I called verizon and they made me jump threw the usual hoops and finally decided to send me my 3rd x2.  Of course it started out just fine, and then the normal shutting off, camera and camcorder not working starting happening.  on top of all that the phone kept going into airplane mode and I couldnt get it out of airplane mode unless I powered off the phone and then back on. At this point I was feed up.  I was on the phone with verizon for about 2 hours, I refused to take another x2, obviuosly it has serious issues.  They finally agreed to send me a different phone at no cost (after alot of aruging), I am getting the incredible 4g lte, hopefully this one will work for me. Buyer Beware! Junk!

I bought my Droid X2 in August 2011 after finally losing patience with my original Droid.  I loved the Droid but it became a constant fixture in the slow lane of smartphones.  And the battery started heating up so much that it scared me.  I wanted to wait for the Bionic or Galaxy II, and in the end, I'm glad I didn't.The run down:Screen - high rez that displays graphics and movies beautifully.  Text is very good, but not great. Screen dimensions are just what I wanted; not too large and not too small. Tactile touch works great.  Gorilla Glass for reduced scratching.  B+Speed - dual core 1Ghz that really has punch.  Seems to plow through apps with no hesitation.  AMemory (RAM) - Always can use more.  Seems sufficient but after the apps are loaded, I feel that another 256 meg would help. Don't want to revert to Task Killer all the time.  B-Buttons - one thing about the original Droid that always bugged me, was the sensitivity of the Android keys at the bottom of the phone. I always seemed to be pressing the Home or Back key when I didn't want to.  The X2 has actual little buttons that some folks might find annoying, but to me, they're the answer to the problem.  ACamera - Very solid rear 8 mp sensor with a decent lens and the standard camera app does an OK job. Not looking for a medium format Hasselblad here. Front facing is missing, so if you're a video chatter, you might want to look elsewhere. For me, I don't care.  BConnectors - Micro HDMI and micro USB.  Will try out the micro HDMI this weekend and will update review.  USB is....a USB.  BInternet - Well, it's 3G.  Not too quick, but much better than the old 1x.  Would love to have the 4G speed, but....  C-Apps - As many others have said, lotsa Verizon-Moto bloatware.  such a shame and you can't remove the apps either.  just ignore 'em.  There are other decent apps, a couple of games (NFS and a useless golf game), and of course, the Android market place.  B-Battery - Almost get a full day of moderate use out of a charge.  Have bought two more after market batteries and a charger, so I'm pretty prepared.  B-Stability - So far (two weeks) I have had very few forced closes, 2 unexplained reboots, and an easy upgrade from Android 2.3.2 to 2.3.3  Pretty happy here.  A-Storage - 8 gigs of internal storage (divided between App Storage & general storage) plus an 8 gig card.  not bad.  I hoisted the 16 gig card from my old Droid (had all my music and photos on it) and replaced the 8 gig card with it.  B+Look and Feel - solid feel in my hand, a bit of plastic but not terrible, weight is reasonable. Wouldn't mind more metal, but plastic is cheaper and lighter.  BPrice - About 2 Benjamins cheaper than the Bionic. That paid for half of my new tablet.  A+Overall, a high B.

DO NOT UPGRADE YOUR PHONE.CONTINUE TO CLICK ON THE DO NOT INSTALL.CALL YOUR CARRIER AND HAVE THEM REMOVE THE UPGRADE DOWNLOAD.I did want the upgrade to my phone. I like to review my upgrades and test them before I subject my machine to them.  I rejected the window that continuously popped up on my screen to upgrade to the 4.X Software.  It will not stop harassing you unless you call your carrier. Convenient hey?In the middle of the night one night, my dogs started barking. I heard a noise outside.  I reached for my phone (as I am a tech nerd) to look at my CCTV camera's and see if any of my motion sensors went off. Argghhhhhh I accidentally bumped the upgrade button.  I was stuck, my phone was upgrading, I had no easy way to see my cameras and there may have been someone outside.This is where the interesting fun part ends.  Continue reading only if you are interested in the crappy details.The upgrade sucks, The display is very blue, the dialer is even worse than the 2.2 upgrade.  Your speed dials will be deleted.  Many personal settings will be gone.  The camera will act totally different.  The phone will not feel like the phone you spent a lot of money on after researching throughly.The dialer is the worst part for me.  I bought the Droid because I like the Big Giant Buttons on the Big Display.  I was constantly mashing the wrong button.  With the first upgrade Google took that luxury away from me by putting an ugly absolutely useless information Bar in that fills 1/5 of the screen.  I tried for hours on the Internet, support calls and poking at it to get it to go away.  To make it worse, when you make a call, your previous call hangs on the display for a bit making you think you are dialing the wrong number. Your stuck with it.  The new upgrade makes it even worse by making it completely ugly and old looking with the same tiny crappy blocky numbers.The "Visual Voice Mail Window" and the "Address Book" have gone from very useful to so ugly you can barely look at them.  I have asked others their opinion and they cannot believe how bad it is.  It looks like windows 3.1 (thats before windows 95 for you younger crowd).  Worst part is, YOU CANNOT CHANGE IT!I tried to use the camera at my job and it was horribly different.  All of my personal options were gone.  You cannot look at the picture after you take it, it instantly minimizes.  It was a lot harder to take a decent picture.  I had to take pictures 3 or 4 times to get a decent shot.  And the bad ones were 3 times harder to delete.I was so frustrated and mad that this update was forced upon me.  I called Verizon and they said there was nothing they could do.  Verizon said they were forced by contract to send the updates from Motorola.  I called Motorola.  They said I had to call Verizon and tell them to stop sending the update.  I asked Everyone to remove the new software.  Impossible they said.  Google is next, unfortunately they can only be reached by email.  I can see why it is the best company in the world to work for, obviously you can do whatever you want with no consequences.None of the companies would do anything to help me.  I told them I was going to come and make their car an ugly different color and tell them to late now.  I explained that if I destroyed the appearance of anything they owned I would repair or replace it.  Expect it to get worse, the iphone is actually starting to look good to me. :(Hope this helps.Eat my Droid Google!JSD

The good:This phone is simply amazing when it comes to games, music, and applications.  Everything runs smoothly without any crashes, and I've found a total of 1 program that runs slowly (which says that the program wasn't coded correctly).  The screen is simply phenomenal, and movies look great on it. HDMI mirroring works very well, and can actually "mirror" everything shown on the phone screen (as the name says)... instead of simply displaying media on a tv. The form factor is nice; it's a huge phone, but very thin... which surprisingly enough adds up to being very comfortable to slip into a pocket. This phone has Gorilla Glass: this is impressive stuff, which will REALLY help protect your phone. HOWEVER... you should still get a screen protector. Gorilla glass is strong, but not unbreakable or unscratchable...just break and scratch resistant (ie... water resistant on a watch is not water proof, as I found out...)The simply-informational:This phone is VERY similar to the Droid X, with a few updates. From my perspective, you don't need to fix things that aren't broken... so I'm not saying that it's a bad thing. Anyways, the differences are slight but important: 26% more pixels in the X2, dual cores, updated interface, and the lack of a physical camera button. The form factor is exactly the same, as is the battery, the camera, the keys, etc. What you should take away from this is that it's not a significant jump from the X to the X2, so it's not really worth it to upgrade if you want to see a huge difference in your new phone. However, if you're coming from a "feature phone" or something like that, the Droid X2 will blow your mind. Some possible deal-breakers for some people are the lack of 4G, and the lack of a front facing camera... but I wouldn't be using either of those features anyway, so they're not important for me.  If you need them, you might want to wait for the Droid Bionic, which is coming out fairly soon.The bad:The only real drawback I've found with this phone is how hungry it is for batteries. I had wifi, gps, and background data off; screen brightness as far down as possible; and not vibrating (for anything, including games or notifications).  With all of these things, I was expecting a whole day of use, or at least 12 hours or so... but I'm getting 6-7 hours of continuous use on games and applications (8 if the cpu isn't working hard). I ordered several replacement batteries because I was charging my phone from 5% about 2 times/ day and again at night. For typical usage, 3 batteries total are a safe bet and you'll probably finish the day with close to 50% charge on the third battery. Fortunately, the battery isn't hard to replace, so you can up and running again within ~3 minutes of the phone dying (including the startup).One note about the extended battery: if you get it, you can't use the car dock OR the standard cases OR the media dock. Plus, it only adds about 20% power.The annoying (this is going to sound a bit whiny... you have been warned):First, the phone is quiet in general, including playing media, talking (both your voice and the other person's voice). The vibrator function feels "gentle", especially for text messages, and it doesn't repeat the notification in a few minutes. It's easy to miss texts if you're sitting just right... but if you're thinking about it, you feel it buzz just fine. EDIT: A brilliant commenter (JonnyK) suggested using a progam called SMS Popup. This app works very well, and completely gets rid of this problem.Second, the speaker for media playback is on the back. This means if I want to see the screen and listen to music I can either blast music so I can hear it (which I don't want to do), or I can...hmmm... put in headphones (which aren't as comfortable)Third, Verizon sells the phone with an 8 GB card. Realistically, if you plan to put music or movies on the phone, you're going to want at least a 16 GB card... but it's easy enough to upgrade. I ended up getting a 32 gb card so I could put most of my media collection on it... and so I don't have the hassle of upgrading when it's full.Fourth, I can't take my SD card out without removing the battery. Every other phone I've had, I could simply pull open a cover, remove the card, and stick it back when I had put stuff on it.  This is the least annoying in day to day life, but it does get annoying really quickly when you have take the card back and forth  between your pc and your phone multiple times.Fifth, when you put the phone into a dock, it automatically puts it into car dock mode, which is a pain to use. It's not user-friendly, and applications don't play as well together inside the dock program (ie... you're using google maps, you launch a song, and you can't get back to the maps program without undocking it)The overall:Get the phone. It's not perfect, but it's still pretty amazing.

At the time of writng this, I have had the X2 for about 2 weeks.  My previous experience was a Treo 700p, a corporate Blackberry, and my immediate prior phone was some Motorola flip phone that I hated.I've found the X2 to be reliable and fast.  Easy to set up, and an excellent out of box experience.  The only negative on this is I wish I had had a more detailed explanation of some of the bundled apps that came with the phone.  I've had to do far more exploring than I like to do to get beyond basic functionality.  The level of bundled app and background support may be fine for young people, but as a middle-aged man, I don't have all of the basic knowledge that a 20 year old might have.  That part was a bit stressful for me.A list of the features I like is Excellent screen display, fast for showing videos no chopiness or stuttering, the camera is pretty good for a phone camera. It works well as a 3g phone and with wifi (more on that later), and though I've not tried it it can act as a bluetooth internet hub for up to 5 BT devices.It works well with all my email accounts and displays a little envelope in the upper left corner when an unread message appears.  You just touch the little enveope icon and drag it down, and you have instant access to your unread email messages from all your email accounts.  It also has a mini HDMI connector so if you download a movie or game you can connect it to your TV.  (I haven't tried this out yet, I can't seem to find an appropriate cable.)Excellent sound as a music player and as a telephone.  It also has a built it FM radio controlled by a software app, both the  radio and the app work pretty well. The built in PDA type apps are better than the Palm and Blackberry built ins.  But even if I didn't like them on the X2, I could still download OTHER apps that I might like better.  The X2 provides all the positive features of the Palm devices with none of th negativeThe things I don't like are the lack of enough supporting background info for an old guy like me. and while you can use a bluetooth head set with it, there is no provision for connecting a wired telephone headset (you know, that teeny little mini plug that the wired earpieces use).  My experience with bluetooth has been spotty so I would like to have the option of using a wired headset when I need to.I NEED a password keeper type application like what is built into my corporate Balckberry, so I tried to find one in the Verizon Store and the Android market,  Again, I had to figure out the download process.  Apparently, as a default setting the phone won't download an app until it is connexcted to Wifi, even though you can download on a 3G network after changing the setting.  So I thought it was broken, it turns out I had to change the default setting to download on 3G.  Now that I understand this, I'll probably wait and do my downloads when I'm on wifi, but it was frustrating.  Once I had that figured out the download & installation was fast and easy.I also downloaded the Sony, KOBO, and Barnes & Noble ebook reader apps. It came with a Kindle reader built in. An excellent display for ebook reading.  But the apps themselves are kind of basic, and I'd like to be able to auto scroll the text the way my Palm based MobiPocket software allowed.  I haven't used the Kindle app yet.  Also, I haven't been able to figure out how to side load an ebook from Calibre on my PC to the X2 yet.One last thing, I downloaded the HBO Go App for HBO subscribers onto the phone and that is slick!  I can watch any HBO program on my phone! I didn't think I'd care about that, but I really like it. No stuttering, no unexplained pauses, a very good viewing experience.  The X2 is a very good platform for this sort of thing.Videos eat up a lot of power from the battery, but I can read during the day, and use it like a phone and PDA and still have plenty of power at the end of the day. Battery life isn't any worse than my Treo, but not as good as my Blackberry.When my Blackberry contract is up, I will likely abandon BB for something else.  I have seen the future and BB isn't in it for me.

I upgraded from the droidx to the droidx2, and at first I thought it wasn't any better. The droidx actually had a newer version of the android os. Once we got the gingerbread upgrade (android 2.3.3) I really started to like this phone. I am listening to pandora as I write this review from my droidx2, and for me it is a near perfect phone. I drive all over the southwest and with Verizon I never lose my connection. I also use iHeartRadio and pandora in my truck with no problems at all. (sometimes run iheartradio for the entire 14 hour shift) I have had this phone for 5 months with absolutely no problems and I would recommend it highly. I know some phones have more/better features, but the droidx2 is one sweet phone.

About a month later ........Updated a month after the first review, everything I said below still applies.  I now have a few more comments ......First - in defense of Blackberry...  prior to the X2 I had a Blackberry Bold for two years.  It is a little dated but it did a couple things better than the X2.  First - the phone sound quality was great using the Blackberry - not so great for the X2.  I liked having the Blackberry wake up when I pulled it out of the case.  Constantly unlocking the X2 is a minor pain.  And the Blackberry did 85% of what I do with a phone just fine - phone calls, contacts, calendar, and email.Things I like about the X2 - it's fast enough for me without 4G.  I guess I don't use it for the kind of thing for which 4G makes a big difference.  I don't stream video, for example, except on rare occasion.  I guess the dual core processor makes some difference.  Just bringing up a web page it seems just as fast as my daughter's Samsung Charge running 4G.  It is a lot faster than my 3G Blackberry was - though that difference could have been the carrier.  I had been on AT&T; and am now on Verizon.I like having the GPS, WIFI, etc switches on the home page.  Maybe they all do that.  I am new to android phones.  Email works quite well and I like the sync of contacts with Google.  And the voice recognition works.  I tried speaking some text messages and web pages and they translated accurately - which surprised me.  I like the clip/carrier for the X/X2 that Verizon sells - it works great - once you get used to how it clips together.  Before that, make sure you don't leave it half in because it will jump out.  However, this clip doesn't provide any armor.  But I don't like the bulk of something like the OtterBox and if you put a case around the X2 you won't find a good belt clip to hold it.  The build quality and ruggedness of the X2 seem better than either the Charge or the Thunderbolt - both of which I have used.  My X2 did jump out of my clip falling on concrete - I hadn't clipped it in correctly.  It suffered some slight abrasion on a couple of the corners and a month later seems unaffected.The screen is great.  I read a professional review that pans the screen.  I can't figure out what they don't like about it.  I think it's the best I've seen on a droid phone.What don't I like:  the meazly 8Gig micro SD card.  I bought my X2 for $99.  After I buy a 32Gig card, the cost becomes $150.  The Samsung Charge I bought for my daughter didn't cost any more than that and it came with a 32Gig card.So why did I buy the X2 rather than the Charge for myself?  I liked the screen and I figured that in wifi situations it would outperform the Charge - something I haven't verified yet.  I'm going to put wifi in my home and figure that it will be available in many places when I'm out and about.I'll update again if there are any more discoveries - good or bad.First review entry:I've used the phone for about 2 weeks.  I also considered the HTC Thunderbolt and the Samsung Charge.  I actually had a Thunderbolt for a short time and returned it - primarily for battery life and no HDMI.  I gave a Samsung Charge to my daughter and bought an X2 for myself.  In my side-by-side comparisons, the X2 seemed as fast as the Charge for the kinds of things I do.  I can only explain that by the fact that it has a dual core processor while the Charge does not - and the comparisons were done in a 4G area with the Charge communicating on 4G.I won't go through a litany of the features as others have done so with reasonable accuracy.This phone is fast enough for the browsing and gps mapping I mainly use it for - in fact, for internet browsing, I could detect no difference in speed between the X2 and the Charge.One significant problem is the voice quality during a phone call.  It is poor.  I hope it is fixable with a software update.Battery life is marginal when used heavily - which I do only occasionally.  For my normal use - it is sufficient.One big kudo is the great screen.  I consider it better than the Charge.  I compared them in sunlight, played with the brightness settings, and the X2 is easier to read.More to follow as time goes on.

I have a family plan with Verizon and was due an upgrade on one of my devices.  I heard about the great deals on the same phones from Verizon through Amazon Wireless, so I decided to give it a try.  I can't believe I bought this phone for one penny.  The same phone from Verizon Wireless was going to be about 50 bucks, but I got it for 1 cent from Amazon Wireless.  The phone arrived in 2 days in the original Motorola packaging and works like a charm.  The Droid X2 is a great phone with a lot of great features.  Watching Netflix on it is great.  Only one little thing is the camera does not have a front facing camera, but not a big deal.  I'm not that much into video chatting with anyone.  If you are due an upgrade from your carrier, check into one of the great "penny" deals you can get through Amazon Wireless.

I have the same problems with the Droid x2. I love the phone with the big screen size and when it works great it is great. However, when it's bad I want to throw it. It freezes and reboots to often. Someone please tell me they're going to fix this!

The quality and speed and display are great.  But there are a few dealbreakers that make me regret having this phone:-do you want to play music on your phone?-do you want to be able to answer phone calls on your phone?-do you want to use your phone as an alarm clock?As others have mentioned, music playback stutters on this phone, and this still has happened even after the system updates, and with and without a different and faster sd card.There have been at least two times when someone called but I could not answer the phone.  Everything was frozen up - it's probably related to the next issue, because it did happen when the phone was charging:I use my phone as a clock and as an alarm clock.  Like others mentioned, there have been times when I've woken up and the phone is frozen or rebooted during charging.  This is now happening almost every day where the phone freezes up or reboots during charging.  Totally unacceptable.Lastly, yes, I have seen serious overheating issues when playing a game or so forth.

First, let me preface this review by saying I got this phone to replace my HTC Droid Eris, that phone was a major letdown...  anything would be an improvement.That being said,  I really like the X2!The X2 is plenty fast for all of my needs, checking email, YouTube, surfing the web, games, GoogleMaps and pretty much everything else.  Transitioning from one app to another is smooth.  The phone works every time (Eris didn't), sound quality and general phone features are great.  The Camera works every time (Eris didn't), the camera takes great pics and vids.Like any power hungry smart phone, a longer battery life would be nice, but the X2 has great powersaving features as well.There is plenty of storage for my pics, vids, music and apps.I also cycle a lot, and the streaming bluetooth is great.  Yes it's a 3G phone, but Verizon charges you extra for 4G phones and again, I find the speed adequate with 3G.I also bought the Otterbox for it, another great product which has paid for itself after several phone drops and no damage.Overall,  I'm very happy with this phone!

I never had a smart phone before but being a new small business owner and president of our local HOA I needed to get plugged in. I bought the X2 about 2 months ago. I am fairly tech savy and have found my way around the phone okay.The camera is not great though touted as an 8MP.I frequently miss emails. I have a verizon email address but the X2 requires a gmail account as a middleman. I hope this gets improved with updates as it is very annoying. The verizon salesperson suggested that I switch to a Windows OS to avoid all Outlook Sync issues but that's silly besides - this isn't an I-phone (island phone)!Internet surfing is a breeze and the unit is plenty fast enough for that. I can download large PDF files in a jiffy.Beware docking stations where you need to take the unit out of it's case.I like the free MP3 music player which comes in clear over my bluetooth but the volume is a nit low for me.The free GPS navigation is a lot better than the stand alone three-year old Garmin unit I have. I was out of town and the GPS gave real live traffic reports showing heavy traffic in red - lovely.It has a voice activated feature that is decent and helpful but needs work.I have had the phone replaced once already and boy was it a hassle. VERIZON DROPPED THE BALL ON ME NUMEROUS TIMES HERE!! The phone crapped out on me while away in Cleveland and Verizon couldn't get their head out of their ass on this one. Pathetic support for me here that will not be forgotten.Not the best picture quality but still very solid.Can be used as a wireless data source - for additional cost.I have to admit that I love this phone.

Droid OS on a Motorola phone is not something I will ever deal with again.  I have gone through 4 of these in 5 weeks.  Finally, it looks like the latest one will last a bit longer, but still not great.  The past problems were power cycling randomly, broken buttons, and frozen screens.  The latest of the 4 has lasted the longest (approximately a month), however, in the last week, has power cycled twice and frozen numerous times.  Factory resets have never helped.Going into a VZW store is basically pointless, as they will do and say the same as tech support.  All "new" phones received are factory refurbished (regardless how much the tech will try to convince you otherwise--that big sticker on the face that says "factory refurbished" is a bit more convincing), rather than actual new units.  It seems we are all just sharing the same broken devices.I like the phone itself, but it isn't worth the headache of dealing with weekly problems--especially for someone who travels for work.My sweetheart has had the Samsung Galaxy (forgot the details) for almost a year and has never had an issue.  I just ordered the Samsung Stratosphere--an upgrade from the Galaxy.  In all my cell-owning years, I have never had an issue with a Samsung.  Lets cross our fingers...Good luck!Leslie

I usually start shopping for a phone by looking at what options it has and I did a lot of research before deciding on this phone. I had it narrowed down to either the droid x2 or the Iphone 4. There was one major key point that led me to get this phone the antenna strength. Sounds weird but the droid blows the iphone away in reception and I live in a reception challenged area. After all what good is it having a phone if you can't use it. Like my title says I'm still trying to figure out what it is that this phone can't do. I've had it a little over a month now and it has done everything I asked of it with only minor hiccups. One was recording HD video with it and when watching playback the video got pixelated badly. The other time I loaded like 16 apps on it in a couple hours and it got a little slow after I powered down and did a restart it ran perfect though. Phone has an amazing battery life considering all the amenities on it. If you use it a lot or game with it the battery vanishes quickly however. If you just use it to make calls, text and occasionally check your facebook it usually lasts a good 24+ hours. Even put netflix on it and It has amazing clarity. Would recommend this phone to anyone.

This is my first smartphone and so far, so good.  I have had it for a week.  The only problem that I have had is one time I had to pull the battery after the phone died.  It hasn't happened again.  As a new smartphone user, I have the interface to be very intuitive and haven't had any problems finding what I need or using the phones features.  I was surprised at how easy it was.The first couple of days, the battery life was horrible.  I turned it off and charged for three hours (per motorola webite) and the change was nothing short of miraculous.  It was a duh moment.  Should have checked directions when I got the phone, not 2 days later.  I've added an app killer and juice defender, which also helped.I text a lot and was concerned about the lack of a hard querty keyboard.  However, I've adjusted pretty quickly to the touchscreen.  The words to choose from that pop up across the top are very helpful.  Both my sons have smartphones and they don't have that feature.  It is a big help to me.I can't compare this phone to other smartphones, but I am very pleased with my purchase.

I have a 3 year old and in one month this phone has proven its durability! My daughter has 15+ games on my DROID X2 and it hasn't slowed down a bit! Also, we don't exactly "baby" our technology so the phone has been dropped multiple times & has had splashes of water on it, but nothing seems to bother the screen. I recommend getting a good case for it though (just in case!)The camera is amazing. The drawback is not having a button (you have to click the screen)... The screen quality is gorgeous. Videos & movies are very clear. The sound also has a slight drawback as the speaker is on the back of the phone... You have to turn it up or use headphones. If you are trying to entertain young ones, it can get noisy.In the last 3 years I have had at least 12 phones. Most of them have been of the Blackberry family. They were always slow or messing up within a month or two. VERY fragile... The DROID X2 has blown them all out of the water with its speed, clarity, & durability. As a parent, I suggest this phone to anyone. We don't need to be afraid to buy touch screen devices!

If you are torn between wanting a new phone that is 4G compatible and one that is a 3G only phone, don't jump at the latest and greatest (4G)...yet. I am of the opinion that 4G will one day be a great data highway, but for now it is not available in enough areas to impress me to want to look at 4G phones. Many 4G phone owners have complained about how the search for available 4G networks has become a great drain on battery life. This is Motorola's first dual-processor phone, and I can tell you it is responsive enough to put a smile on your face.I've owned and used a lot of Motorola phones and have found them all to be credible performers, but none have been as impressive as the new Droid X2. I recently upgraded from the original Droid with the slide-out keyboard and am a former BlackBerry user. The Droid was a solid and reliable phone, but can't even come close to the performance of the X2. When it came time for me to upgrade to a new phone I considered the Samsung Charge, the HTC Incredible 2 and the Droid X2. All three are great phones, but for me, the overall performance and features of the X2 were enough to make me select it as the winner. I don't need a phone with dual-facing cameras (like the Incredible 2) and I am not concerned with 4G connectivity that the Charge offers.Physically, it's a large phone, but not what I consider bulky. It's actually thinner and lighter than my old Droid. What you get with a phone of this size is a lot of screen area and on this phone the display is sharper and brighter than anything I had seen previously. I went to a party last night and kept it in the front pocket of a pair of dress pants and it didn't feel uncomfortable or distracting. Without a protective cover it is a surprisingly light phone with a low profile.As a media professional, the last couple of years has forced me to rely on my smartphones as a multimedia tool, mainly for the ability to take pictures and video. My old Droid made beautiful pictures in bright sun and moderate daylight, but was horrible at night and with flash. At last night's party I asked someone to use my X2 to snap a group picture of me with my high school pals in dim lighting. From about 12 feet away, the flash produced enough light to make an acceptable picture and no blur. The new software allows you to select your focus zones and the 8MP camera will give you the ability to make larger prints, or to zoom in with better picture quality. It's not the number of pixels that make a good picture, but the imaging chip and I have to say this chip is an improvement over previous models. By the way, I share content with a newspaper and they were very pleased with the quality my old Droid gave them at 3MP. They will be totally impressed with what the X2 will give them at 8MP.When I first got the phone, it took some getting used to. Icons were slightly different and kind of small. I continually got odd messages that the Verizon software was not responding and needed to be force closed. This glitch went away the very next day with a complete over-the-air (OTA) firmware update, version 1.3.232. This might mean virtually nothing to most people, but it did solve a number of minor glitches and it also gave the icons a makeover that made them easier to read.Another really great improvement for me was the on-screen keyboard. Huge improvement. With the Droid, I was constantly making typographical errors because I kept hitting keys I didn't want. My fingers are an average size (I wear a size 11 ring), but it was the keyboard on the old Droid; the keys were cramped. With the X2 you get a much roomier keyboard and better haptic (vibration) feedback with keystrokes. Another significant improvement is correcting typos. When you are typing in windows, you will see a little blue circle around where your cursor is. Pressing down on that area opens up a magnified window off to the side that will allow you to move the cursor to a more precise position. This was a problematic issue with the smaller Droid, where I always had trouble getting the cursor to where I really wanted it.Two other areas people seem to be concerned about are call quality and battery life. I have been able to hear pretty well without having to strain as I have in past phones. My daughter told me she thought she could hear my voice clearly on her Samsung Haven. As far as battery life goes, it's like any other smartphone; you have to manage it. I do not keep all of the communication services running. Bluetooth, WiFi, and GPS remain off until I need them. With regular use I've been able to use the phone all day without having to charge it. The charging port is the same as my old Droid, so I now have an extra wall charger for traveling.I was, at first, disappointed that the X2 came with an 8GB microSD card, compared to the 16GB card that came with the original Droid, but then I remembered that there are 8GB of internal storage and whatever you place in to the memory slot in the battery compartment. I placed my 16GB card from my Droid in to the new X2 for a whopping 24GB of total memory.So here is a comprehensive assessment of the new Droid X2:PROS:* Thin and lightweight* Much improved display* Seamless integration with Google's cloud network* Fast and responsive-performs well doing most tasks* Improved "Gingerbread" Android operating system (OS)* Larger, more responsive keyboard with improved text editing features* The incorporation of Swype text input, as opposed to traditional "tapping"* Better management of social media services* Excellent picture quality, acceptable flash pictures* Ability to choose focus zones allows for more creative composition* Ability to create metadata within photo app, including face tagging* FM radio app (must use cabled headphones)* 8GB of internal memory; external memory slot can take up to 32GB microSD storage* Shoots 720p HD video* Micro HDMI port allows for connection to HD TV sets* Can be used as a true 3G wireless hotspot* Connects to Wi-Fi 802.11b/g/n networks for faster wireless connections* Comes with Skype Mobile* Standard installation includes many useful apps* Extended battery availableCONS:* Larger size may prove to be bulky for *some* people* Add a protective cover (recommended) and it will become slightly more bulky* Phone can get warm near the battery compartment under normal use* Does not come with micro HDMI cable or adaptor* Standard installation also includes a couple game demos and other software others may not want* Battery life may be a concern when full services are utilized, especially GPS and WiFi* Large ringtone selection still yields annoying soundsThis phone receives five stars based on all of its great features, impressive performance, and the fact that it stacks up favorably with the iPhone 4. At this time I am not concerned about 4G connectivity.

The phone had several bugs in factory form. The Motoblur is awful, the camera would take decent pictures and the videos were horrific, choppy, missing large segments, or just corrupted files. The phone would randomly reset a few times a day. After rooting and deleting a large portion of the bloatware that comes on the phone, most of these issues were better, but not gone. After some custom ROMs were available, those have really made this phone super stable. I carry this daily as a paramedic and is an invaluable tool for me. It simply has to work; GPS, wifi, mobile net, everything HAS to work. Now after rooting and changing to a custom ROM, everything works and with the BH6X battery (which fits under the factory door btw) this phone runs strong for 30+ hours of medium use. A significant improvement.

This phone, despite not having some notable features when compared to the high end phones on vzw network (ie a front facing camera and 4g) is still one of the best phones available. Other than the two aforementioned features, this is a very high end phone in terms of hardware and specs. It is very fast and thanks to the dual core processor,  runs even MOTOBLUR decently well. The keyboard is nice, but I am not a huge fan of the haptic feedback on it. This is an easy fix by either using the preinstalled swype or downloading a different keyboard form the android market. The preinstalled 8gb memory card and the additional 8 gb internal storage is probably enough for most though if you intend on watching miovies on it to use hdmi cable to mirror to your tv or are going to put music on it,  you might want to get a bigger micro sd card. Like many smartphones today, you are probably going to need to charge it daily, possibly more depending on how heavy a user you are. I am a relatively heavy user and get through most of a day. When it gets updated to gingerbread battery life should improve as it utilizes the dual core processor more effectively.

I bought the Droid x2 as an upgrade from my Droid Eris/Blackberry (I used 2 phones in 1 two year period). And I am so far completely happy with it. I do wish that it didn't come pre-loaded with so many apps that I have no use for, and probably will never use. I downloaded very few apps so it still runs like new. I use the phone for a company email, Facebook, and texting.Not the best phone on battery but still a good phone. Would suggest a car charger if you spend a lot of time in the car. Phone has a great screen, and is very clear. Takes OK photo's - not the best unless you are in natural lighting. Keyboard is somewhat easy to use, I downloaded GOSMS and use the "dialer" keyboard with that.there are a few things I absolutely do not like about this phone:-the 4 bottom icons on your screen are not removable (you must always have 4 there, however you can change the apps that are shown.)-Its very hard to find a photo to fit the background - even with a picture the camera took.-I still haven't figured out how to change the ringtone and make it "stay". Always reverts back to the original ringtones.-I don't think you can change the style (in regular messaging) from Blackberry keyboard to a dial pad keyboard.Overall, I think this is a good phone. It's great for someone who owns/runs a business. Hope my review was helpful! if it was, please click yes! (:

I bought this phone and came 7 days after the set date it was supposed to come in.. I ordered a brand new and I got a used phone. I have a pixel problem on the screen and when I try  to charge it it wouldnt charge and they gave me the wrong charger.I tried calling the people and they wouldnt pick up. They have been ignoring my calls constantly.....

The Droid X2 was my first smart phone. My wife has an iPhone so I decided I wanted to try something different. I'll start with the goodPROS:- The number of home screens as well as the ability to customize them (widgets and what not) was great. I really enjoyed messing around with this, there is really just an unlimited number of ways to customize it.- The processor is fast and runs apps well. It also makes internet surfing about as good as it gets with a 3G phone.- Android Market is great. Not as many apps as the Apple App store, but it's very close, and there are alot of great apps in there that you can't get from Apple.- Flash. Being able to watch internet videos is awesome.- The patern screen lock is cool. My 2 year old has no problem unlocking my wife's iPhone and wreaking havoc on the apps. This is not the case with the X2. This lock feature allows you to draw your own patern to unlock your phone. It works much faster than entering a code.- Mini SD external memory is an awesome feature. The phone comes with 8GB internal storage and 8 miniSD, but you can have up to a 32 GB miniSD.- You can use and create word, excel, Power Point, and PDF files.- HDMI input allows you to connect device to larger screens, bigtime bonus.- Swype keyboard makes texting very fast and easy- I never drop calls and the incall sound is crystal clear. The speaker phone is nice and loud too.CONS:- Like the title of my review says, when this phone is working, it's great...the key is the "when it's working". This phone tends to freeze or just randomly restart while you're doing stuff...very frustrating. This happens several times per day. Consider yourself lucky if it restarts by itself though...everytime is just freezes I have to take my Otter Box case off and take the battery out, it's a serious pain in the butt.- Glitchy apps - There alot of great apps, but alot of them are very glitchy and tend to freeze up or not run at all.- Unless you get a good app killer, the battery goes REALLY fast.- Updates (FB, Email, etc) are kind of spotty. Sometimes they come through, sometimes I have to manually go into the app to check it.-Camera sucks really bad, and there's no camera on the front screen, so you can't skype. The camera is 8mp, but it's just awful. It's slow and the pictures are always grainey and blurry. The 5mp camera on the iPhone 4 is worlds better.That's about all I can think of right now. I like the phone in general, but it tends to drive me insane sometimes too, hence the 3 star rating I gave it. Hopefully this helps!

I was a happy owner of a Droid X (the predecessor to the Droid X2); it was the best phone I'd had, and in truth I'd probably still have it if it didn't get stolen. I took a trip to the Verizon store and found out that they had phased out the Droid X in favor of the new Droid X2. The rep touted all the advancements (better screen, faster processor, etc.). Not feeling particularly enthralled by the alternatives at the time (Thunderbolt, Charge), I went with the Droid X2.On the surface, the phone looks almost identical to the Droid X. That's where the similarities end, though:Battery life - my Droid X could last me easily over 1 day on a full charge with light/moderate usage. In fact, I'd regularly get 24-26 hrs off a charge. With the DroidX2, I was lucky to get 14 hours with almost no usage (that is, with the phone just sitting either on my desk or in my pocket). If I tried to actually use the phone for web surfing or navigation - good luck. The battery would get eaten up in under 12 hours. Absolutely unacceptable.Speed - marginal improvement, at best, and this is only if you plan on doing some gaming. For everyday activities (browsing, email, etc.), it's hard to see any real improvement in the dual processor of the DroidX2.Music - this alone could have been a dealbreaker. The DroidX had no problem playing music, whether through the stock music player or through Pandora. The DroidX2 has a glitch that causes music to skip/stutter if you open pretty much anything else, whether it's email, text, or even the settings menu. This is true for all types of music - both Mp3s stored locally and also music streamed from the internet. At first I thought it was just my phone, but a few google searches showed that this problem was prevalent.Heat - the Droid X2 could double as a heater in the winter. I have never felt a phone get that hot in my life while doing the most mundane things. Want to check you fantasy football team online? Congrats, you now have a pocket sized heater!Summary - the phone would be OK if you don't mind hanging out with a ton of chargers everywhere, waiting to plug in to get some juice. It's also a serviceable option if you don't live in a 4G area. However, with the release of the Bionic (as well as many phones just on the horizon), and the prevalence of the LTE network, I cannot recommend this phone.1.5 stars.

I got my Droid x2 on May 20th. I came from a Droid X, and previously a Droid 1. Even though this phone is not running Gingerbread yet, the Menus, and interface are much improved over the original Droid X. The Screen can be described as richer. It has more contrast, and the colors are better. The Camera is Much faster, and I feel takes much nicer pictures than the X.  One major advantage for me is that it fits in my Car Dock, and my cases. How many times have you changed phones only to have to buy all new accessories. If you are just moving to a Droid phone, this is the fastest phone on the market now. I see people crying that it is not 4g.. I have never felt there was anything I could not download fast enough. My 3G Streams video,loads games, you name it. If I have something big to download, the phone is great on WiFi.. and the DX2 is even faster there. The Battery seems to be about the same even with the much faster Processor.Like the Ad says the Droid does.. and the Droid X2 does twice as fast.

I have this phone, and let me tell you, nothing about it works. The touch screen usually makes it so i can't answer the phone, the phone is SLOW and it constantly restarts itself for no reason. I would never recommend that anybody buy a touch screen, let alone this piece of poop phone. I would rate it 0 stars if Amazon would let me.

I've had this phone for about a week and absolutely love this thing. The X2 puts my iPhone and HTC Surround (Windows Phone 7) to shame. I switched to Verizon from A&T as I am going to be moving soon and Verizon has way better coverage there. Amazingly I do not, however, get better reception at home right now with Verizon. Although, it seems like I get consistently good coverage anywhere else I go. The Android operating system allows me so much freedom when compared to iPhone and WP7. The dual core processor keeps things moving at a lightning fast pace, and the ability to view flash content is a godsend. The limitations of my previous phones were such an annoyance, but those days are gone, and I don't plan on going back. The screen is huge at 4.3", which makes watching videos and browsing the web a pleasure. The vast number of home screens and profiles makes it easy to organize and find apps. The 8 megapixel camera takes very high quality pictures for a cell phone, however, the lack of a front-facing camera is kind of annoying as my fianc&eacute;e's Motorola Atrix has this feature. Call quality is a definite improvement over my previous phones with the iPhone being the worst. I also have not experienced the freezes and odd bugs that plagued my WP7. The build quality is every bit as good as the iPhone. I did, however, purchase an Otterbox case, because I do not plan on replacing this phone anytime in the near future. If you're looking for a case for the X2 the Otterbox is a good if slightly bulky option. I upgraded to Gingerbread the day I got the X2 which fixed some initial gripes I had with the operating system. Since the download it has been smooth sailing. There are always things which can be improved upon in future generations such as a front-facing camera and 4g capability. As it stands, i am happy to finally have a phone that gives me the closet to a desktop computer experience as you can have on a cell phone. I am a happy convert to Android and will remain so until someone else dethrones them, as they are clearly at the top of the cell phone market right now.

We purchased two X2 droids and are very happy with the units. I got an email informing me that I MIGHT be eligible for a $100 gift certificate for each purchase IF I had/have mobile hot-spot enabled on my phones.I checked with the Verizon folks and yes I do have Mobile Hot-spot and it comes as part of the data package we purchased with the phones. Got the $30, 2GB plan. When I spoke with the Amazon lady she explained that I had to buy the Mobile Hot-spot at time of purchase, WHICH I DID via the 2GB packages. Amazon wants you to pay a $100 for a package that they DO NOT PROVIDE. My carrier provides the data package and my package includes Mobile Hot-spot, but no $100 gift certificate!A rip off at best......Great phone though,

This is my first Android phone, and I'm coming over from a Blackberry Curve, so obviously I'm going to be impressed with any Android phone.  But ...I closely compared the HTC Incredible 2 & the Motorola Droid X2 and these are my findings:* The Incredible 2 has a slightly more intuitive user interface (not important to me).*  The battery life on the Incredible 2 was HORRIBLE even when using the advanced app killer.* The screen resolution is slightly better on the X2 (moderately important).* The microphone and speaker aren't great on the Incredible 2.  Call clarity is much better on the X2 ... for both the caller and receiver (very important ... it is a phone, after all).* The reception is much better on the X2. If you live on the fringe of a service area, don't even consider the Incredible 2.  It won't work well ... calls will constantly be dropped and streamed music quality will be intolerable, at best.In summary ... I love my phone.  And now that my sister has traded her HTC Incredible 2 for a Motorola Droid X2, so does she.

I got the Droid X in February 2011 and signed with Verizon.  The phone kept rebooting. (This is apparently a common problem with the operating system).  Verizon replaced it with a 'refurbished' X.  They replaced it two more times in 2 months before they apologized and upgraded me to a Droid X2.A week after I got the X2, I tried using the camcorder - it pixelated, the image froze and turned off the phone.  The only way I could get a new, not refurbished Droid X2 was to extend my contract for six months and do a trade-in.  The new Droid X2 worked fine until today, October 12, 2011, when I upgraded the software to Android 2.3.4.  This upgrade is supposed to improve the video quality and stop the keyboard from freezing (I never had that issue).You probably guessed it.  After the update, the camcorder began to freeze while recording.  And when customer service had me wipe the phone and reload 2.3.4, the keyboard now began to freeze.I am now considering filing complaints with the FCC, the FTC, the State Attorney General's office and asking to be let out of my contract.  5 defective phones (operating systems) in 7 months is a little too much.

This phone can really kick some serious tail. I own the original Droid X. Now my wife, who just renewed the contract with Verizon has the Droid X2. Or actually I did. Since all three lines in my family are in my name. Anyway, her line was ready up for renewal and at first we tried the Droid Incredible 2 from HTC. Bad mistake. Horrible UI, and the phone had too many bugs in it. Taken the Droid Incredible 2 back to Verizon and paid $35 bucks for re-stocking fee, I was able to get my wife the Droid X2. She loves it. And its making me jealous. There is a huge difference between Droid X and Droid X2, and you can tell from the screen, colors, and the faster processor. The phone is very well worth it, if you wish to continue on the 3G network. For some apparently reason, Motorola didnt make their flagship phone a 4G. The red camera button on the lower right is now removed. Everything else would look the same as the original.In the box you get:(1) Droid X2 phone w/ battery cover(1) 8 GB micro SD Card pre-installed(1) battery(1) micro usb to usb cable with wall charger adapterInstruction manuals, quick start, noticesSpecificationsDimensionsDimensions: 2.58(w) x 5.02(h) x .39(d) inchesWeight: 5.47ozOperating SystemAndroid 2.2 (Froyo) OS with Motorola Application PlatformDisplay4.3" qHD touch screen960 x 540 displaySupports up to 16M colorsdual-layer anti-reflective coatingscratch-and impact-resistantKeyboardTouch screen Virtual QWERTY KeyboardBatteryBattery: 1540 mAH Li-IonUsage Time -up to 480 Min ORStandby Time -up to 220 HoursSAR: Head: 0.74W/kg;Body: 1.5 W/kgMemory / ProcessorNvidia Tegra2 Dual Core 1Ghz processor8GB Internal memory for emails, texts, and apps8GB pre-installed microSD card for music, videos, and pictures (expandable to 32GB)

The Droid X2 is my first smartphone and I could not be happier with it.  The call quality is very good and the virtual keyboard works very well.  With its dual core processor, the Droid X2 is extremely fast when connected to 3G; it even seems to travel at lighting speeds on WiFi.  The screen is also much improved over the original X; colors are much more vibrant and sharper.  It makes games downloaded from the Market look that much better.  My only gripe with the phone is that sometimes when you download and install apps, they will be automatically downloaded to the internal storage rather than to the SD card.  Since a lot of data already gets installed to the internal storage, it's difficult to install some apps.  Basically the only way to transfer some apps to the SD card is to root your phone, which voids your warranty.  There are probably some apps on the market that actually do this without rooting, but I am not familiar with any.  I don't know why so many people have problems with it.  I've had it for almost 6 months with virtually no problems.  Overall, the Droid X2 is a great smartphone.

I'm coming from an iPhone 3G, for what that is worth to you.  The first thing that I notice operating the phone is the unfathomable ease with which it was set up.  I have everything done through Google, my contacts, calendars, mail, everything.  After telling the phone my email and password, everything was instantly integrated.  As I use my phone on a professional basis, I have many contacts.  I remember in the past taking forever to finally getting everything into new phones, this took seconds.  It is a feature I'm not soon to forget.Briefly, very nice 4.3 inch screen.  Impressive camera, although the coloring in videos can be a bit shaky, shifting in hues.  It is fast, due to it's dual core processor, which can only get better when Gingerbread is unleashed which is more geared towards using the additional processing power.  It has 8GB internal memory, and a very easily accessible micro SD.  It comes with an 8GB card, but I have 10GB of music, so I purchased a 16GB.  Coming from iTunes, I simply highlighted my playlist and dragged it into the folder.  iTunes did not like doing large amounts of songs, so I had to break it up into blocks of a few hundred songs at a time.  Then I used an app simply called "Cover Art downloader", which was free, and it automatically downloaded all the cover art.  So setting up my phone was nice and easy.As far as customizing goes, widgets are incredible.  Once I turn on my phone, I have numerous pieces of data right on the home screen.  I get my schedule, the weather, and if you want social networking up dates streaming here too, and news feeds.  I don't have to go into any piece of software, they are all just here.  this is an awesome feature of Android, I love it.  You also have choice as to how you use the phone, you can use the stock email client, or download gmail's own app.  You can use their music app, which is basic and fine for me, or get something that is more suited to your tastes.  Instead of going on about the pros of Android, I'll keep the rest of the review to the hardware itself.The battery is weak, only 1500 mAh is silly.  I plan on purchasing the OEM 1880 shortly.  It barely makes it through the day.One thing I was very impressed with is the accessory bundle I got from Verizon.  I got a dock, a car adapter, and various cables.  The part that I very much am impressed by is that when it plugs into the dock or the car adapter, it behaves differently.  When in the car, it "knows" you want it to behave like a GPS, so the interface alters.  I must say that it works better than my stand alone Garmin Nuvi when using the FREE google navigation.  The X2 has upgraded components, something about a digital compass.  When in the dock, it allows you to make it act like an alarm clock (which is what I need it for) or a digital photo frame.  These are nice little things that not all droid phones come with, and I was pleasantly surprised.Not all is perfect, as my wife says, the phone does too much.  Some aspects will feel like an incredible freedom in being albe to do whatever you want, other aspects simply feel unrefined.  For example, the volume rocker does nothing without the screen being unlocked.  That part is annoying.  Things like that and controls from the microphone button on headphones needs further refinements.  I got used to it quick.I know this phone gets criticized for not having a front facing camera and no 4G.  Personally, these do not matter to me.  I barely ever use skype on my computer, why do I need it on my phone?  And it is likely that no phone coming out in 2011 will be 4G SOC (system on a chip).  4G is being achieved with an additional chip.  To save the technical jargin for someone who understands it better, it will not be energy efficient and smoothly operating until the 2nd gen 4G phones come out.  So neither of the big criticisms I've seen about this phone amount to much to me.Now for the really bad part updated after a month of use and TWO REPLACEMENT PHONES.  The software is buggy.  It is very buggy.  Poor screen zeroing (makes for jerky use, locked screen, etc), random reboots (very annoying), and incompatibility with common apps.  From what I can tell in the forums, those who root their phones and update themselves to 2.3 have eliminated these problems (for the most part).  Essentially, Motorolla let this out with an immature batch of software/firmware.  Wait until this receives an update, because otherwise it is a great phone.Update #2.  Things went from bad to worse with this phone as it was updated to Gingerbread.  It is especially problematic when working with Motorola docks.  The rate of reboots has increased, not decreased.  The docks no longer work propperly, which is terrible when using the car dock as it likes to reboot while giving you directions.  the last thing I want to do at 65 MPH is adjust my phone.  There is something massively wrong here, and as much as I like so much about the phone, I can not reccomend anyone purchasing this.Update #3.  Another software update.  Another set of problems, but there were improvements.  I have noticed better battery life, still at 40-50% at the end of the day. It is no longer hot enough to fry an egg on after using it in the car dock with the navigation system.  They have definitely added some stability to the docking situation, but I still have near daily reboots.  What I have come to realize is that part of the problem with the phone is that it uses 80-90% of it's RAM just by being on.  I honestly do not think that this phone will ever live up to it's potential.  When it works, it's great, but the screen locking up as a blank screen and reboots have truly hobbled it.  I had a computer running windows XP with 256GB of RAM, why is Android taking 400?  There is no reason why 512 is insufficient, but that seems to be the case.  Unless you get the phone for free, there are numerous better options.

I will cut to the chase and come out with the Droid X2s only achilles heel, and that is battery life.  It seems that with moderate to heavy use, it only gets about 3.5 to 4 hours of run time with the standard battery that came with it.  The following is my current phones configuration:Bluetooth =  ONDisplay Brightness = AUTO3G =  ONWIFI =  OFFBackgroud Data =  ONGPS on only when using Navigation AppsBattery Settings =  NighttimeGoogle is configuredCorporate email is configuredFacebook recieves regular updatesI have been using this phone heavily, playing with every feature I can find and running numerous apps such as HBO-Go, Gas Buddy, Photoshop Express, Need for Speed, Browsing the web and using chat apps.  Most of the time I using many of the apps at the same time.  With all this activity, I am getting about 3.5 to 4 hrs of use out of it.....Oh yea, did I mention that I have made a few phone call with it.  With that it mind, even the battery time is not that bad.All and all, it is a great phone.  It is extremely responsive, no application crashes and a crystal clear screen that is a pleasure to look at.  All the applications I have used, ran without a hitch.  Its slender light design makes it easy to access the buttons with one hand, freeing up the other to tap and sweep screen and work with the applications that I have installed.  The sound quality is really good but not great but when used with an earpiece, which I usually do, it is phenominal.  It signal strength is the best I have experienced on a smart-phone to date.  I have had a few smartphone to compare this to.  I not only recieve 4 bars for voice but also for 3G which has not been my experience with my other smartphones in Roanoke, VA.  It's general design makes it, well, addicting to use.  Configuration and set-up was straight forward and I completed it without a hitch.  I have not had a single crash or glitch yet. I choose this phone despite it only having 3G because Verizon will not start rolling out 4G in my area until December of 2011 and that means they will not have adequate equipment to provide seamless 4G coverage for an additional year.  By this time I will be able to upgrade my phone again and much better 4G phones will be on the market.  The camera takes crisp, bright and clear photos that are as good as many comparable stand alone cameras with simular features and specs.In conclusion, aside from battery life, which can be remedied with a spare battery or thePowerSkin AP1503MDX Silicone Case with Built-in Rechargeable Battery for Motorola Droid X and Droid X2 (Black), if you are looking for an extremely well done phone, look no further.  The Motorola Droid X2 fits the bill.

I have owned five Android phones including the original Droid x that I passed along to my wife.  I really don't see much difference between the Droid x and x2...I tested the processing speed against each other and found them to be very similar.  This phone is used for business and my primary phone is a Motorola 4g Razr.  This is a great phone, super fast and well built.  I would recommend switching to 4g phone.  However if you insist on staying with 3g this is one of the best.  The wifi works great and you don't need 4g at that point.  Just stay away from the bionic (you can read my review) I ended up returning the phone and this has been the only Android I've had issues with.  Battery life is fine, you can purchase batteries for $5 and have several extra once around as back ups.  I would recommend this phone if you are looking for a 3g phone, or I would recommend the Razr if you are upgrading to 4g. Good luck with your purchase and thanks for reading.

I've had my Droid X2 for about a month now, and I'm really liking this phone. It's the first smart phone I've owned. I thought I was technically inclined - until I opened this phone. It is fairly complicated to run for someone who has never had a smart phone, but one month later, I have a handle on most of it. I know it does a great many things I have not yet figured out, but I'm getting there.It's large but flat, which makes it easy to slip into my front pocket - even with the cover I have on itAmzer Luxe Argyle Skin Case for Motorola Droid X MB810 - Purple. The battery life is horrible, but I purchased a second batteryRND Power Solutions Premium Lithium-Ion Battery (BH5X) for Motorola Droid X & Droid X2for ten bucks, and between the two it lasts all day for me. I charge the phone and battery on a secondary chargerRND Power Solutions Deluxe 2nd Battery Charge and Data Sync Cradle / Desktop Docking Station for Motorola Droid X & Droid X2at night, and it is usuable pretty much all day.I haven't figured out how to import sounds to make personalized ringtones, but that's probably more me than the phone. It downloads apps quickly, links to your email, FB, Twitter, etc. Easy to customize your home page and all of the other pages with widgets where you want them.Camera is fantastic, takes great pics. The video is really good too. It was super easy to transfer my contacts from my old phone to this using Verizon's Backup Assistant. Plug it into your computer (using the power plug it comes with) and you can transfer all your pictures to your files without having to email them from your phone (that can be time consuming).I like the way it retains your entire text conversations under the contact's name. Easy to retrieve voice mail as well.Overall, I'm very happy with the phone now that I have a second battery. I'll probably be even happier once I figure the whole thing out.

I do wish I would have stayed with the iPhone 3GS.I have issues with the Droid X2s amazingly bad battery life, jerky graphics, and poor connectivity.The battery was charged 100% this morning by about 7am. By 4pm I was getting warnings about the battery being about to die (5%). Wifi was turned off, BT was off, GPS was off, and the screen brightness was as dim as it goes... I made about 1/2 hours worth of calls (and was dropped 3 times) and I turned off the screen every time I holstered it. I HAVE discharged the battery a few times per instructions of VZ personnel. Battery performance like that is unacceptable.Graphics are nice but still, sliding from screen to screen is jerky and nowhere as nice as my old buttery smooth iPhone. A minor disappointment.The WiFi as I write shows 2 bars with a router about 20 feet away. Downloads take a while to start, if I feel like waiting that long. Everything else screams over the same WiFi. Data over the phone is also slow. I feel like it's on a 300 baud modem.Hey, the GPS works great... If you have the time to wait for the images.And I do tend to like most of the apps I've found. The switch from one button to four was a little funny, but I'm getting used to it...Anyway, my iPhone worked great, this Droid X2 DOES NOT. I truly regret not taking it back before my 3 days was over and paying the upcharge for an iPhone.Maybe if the Droid programmers had Steve Jobs looking over their shoulders while screaming at them they'd get it right.I wonder if my Razr still works.

This phone really turned me on at first because it has a dual-core 1GHz processor with Nvidia graphics and a 4.3 in screen. However, everything has gone downhill after it updated - BY IT'S SELF WITH OUT ASKING ME! - to system version 1.3.308.MB870. First off, I can no longer use Google Sky Map because East and West are flipped, meaning, when I face East, the retarded phone thinks I'm facing West. North and South are not affected, however. This seems to be a problem too with regular Google Maps. YES, I have tried all the recalibration tips and tricks and nothing works. Second off, I decided to try the NFS game that came with the phone, however, it's so laggy that it is unplayable. I though a "dual-core" phone with do better than that. Thirdly, the location services have started to malfunction. On Google maps, it will have my location 2 miles away from where it's supposed to be. All these troubles started to happen it seems like after it updated the system version. Now I wish I could perform a "downgrade" on it but I guess I will just have to live with it.

I have seen alot of complaints about battery life, I installed "juicedefender" goes along with Turbo Droid you have to get rid of any app killer you my have but it makes the battery last alot longer for me. I like it alot (the phone) yes it is big (had an Eris) still long for the IPhone but it does not do what the droid does, yet.

The phone has a pretty nice form factor and I like the large screen size, but it was all ruined by the fact that it can't play music without stuttering.Big file, small file, stock music app, PowerAMP, internal memory, SDcard.. didn't matter. It would stutter at least once a song, sometimes every few seconds.Now I know what you're thinking. You're sitting there, reading this thinking "ahh that guy just doesn't know tech... he probably did something wrong or installed a bunch of apps making the phone slower". No. I work in the tech industry, have had 2 of the original Motorola Droids, a Blackberry Pearl, Blackberry Curve, Motorola Razr. I build my own PCs and am a power user of all kinds of technology. I'm not a grandpa one-starring the device because I couldn't figure out how to turn it on.Before anyone tries to blame me... I reset the phone to factory condition, and dropped a song onto it's internal memory... and the stuttering still happened. No apps or other changes. I know someone who rooted this same model phone and runs stock Android Froyo and has no such issues, so this seems to point at the Motorola software or pre-installed app services (crapware!) being at fault.Google for "Motorola Droid x2 skipping audio" and you'll find many reviews and user forums discussing the issue.If Motorola fixes this in an update the phone could be a 4 star phone... but as it stands now it's unusable for me. If you listen to music on your phone, AVOID THIS PHONE AT ALL COSTS!

The DroidX2 is a difficult phone to use for several reasons.First, it's too big for my hand (and I have big hands for a woman) and much too big for my pocket. It has to go in a purse or in a holster on your belt.Second, the place where the sound comes out has to be set precisely against the right spot on my ear ... it's made to be used with an earpiece, not held to one's head like a phone is meant to be used.Third, it takes two hands to answer a call: one to hold the phone and one to swipe the "answer" slider.Fourth, the touch screen is hypersensitive and the virtual keys are much too close together.Fifth, it goes to sleep by itself and won't wake up. You have to pull the battery and re-boot it to wake it up.The battery life is very good, and the apps are a ton of fun ... but the apps would need to do my laundry and walk the dog to make this phone worth the aggravation. I'm switching to a Blackberry Curve.

I recently got a droid X1 after having it a week I found out the X2 was coming out, so i quickly returned my X and a few days later got the droid X2.  Having both phones, there is not a difference hardly in the looks, your accesories from X and any cases will fit the X2.  The main difference in appearance is the X2 on back and they removed the red camera button(now you only can use the touch screen, no biggie.).  The changes were mainly in the power and picture.  X2 is now running a dual core processor the first for verizon phones instead of single core.  The scrren is a qhd with higher resolution for better pics and videos.  My favorite is the mirror mode, so while your on amazon you might as well buy the motorola hdmi cord and playback 1080p videos on your flat screen or play games like your phone is the controller. SWEET!  All in all, if you own the droid X already you may not justify the upgrade, however if you loved your X1, you will also love the droid x2.  If you are like me and like to protect your phone I might add that the X2 did away with the car dock manual option, so if you use a case it will probally not fit in the motorola car dock unless you remove it each time to put the phone in car dock mode, contacted motorola about this and they said only way is dont use a case so it fits in dock to trigger mode, other than that the phone is excellent for surfing and pic clarity.  NO front facing camera or 4G, but really who wants the front camera, so everyone wont bother me with skyping, and until 2012 or 2013 the 4g wont be everywhere unless you are in a big city.  Hope this helps and happy phone hunting!

If you want a very responsive phone that does anything get this one. When people say the iPhone is better, ask them why. Most will not even be able to think of a bs answer. Androids are like pocket computers and this one is built for speed. There is no lag in anything whatsoever. I don't know what people are saying about call quality...its great!!! The only thing that might back you away from this phone is 4G. Go to this site and check to see if you are in a 4G area first:[...]NOTE: 4G is only download and upload speeds. If you are not a heavy web user or downloader you will be fine on 3G. Trust me. If you are wondering about the bulkiness of this phone it isn't that bulky. I am a little person that weighs 110 pounds and the phone is not to big for me. Lastly, the keyboard. If you want the best keyboard on a smartphone, buy a motorola. If you want the best keyboard out there, buy the DX2. I have made close to no errors typing in horrizontal mode. Its extremely responsive too. No need to root if you are an average user. New motoblur is not that bad either.

Updated at bottom...I purchased this phone as my third Droid from Verizon Wireless. I owned the original Droid and the original Droid X. I liked both products. My son has had the original Incredible and now has the Incredible 2.My main reason for upgrading to the Droid X2 was:1. I don't have 4G available in my area (and not anticipated any time soon) so the lack of 4G wasn't a big deal. Plus - for me, 3G speeds are adequate. I normally don't do heavy downloading when I'm on the road unless I'm settled into one location and then I normally am on WiFi.2. I wanted the speed of a dual core - just because.3. This phone fits all the accessories I had already purchased for my Droid X (desk dock, car dock and case)At the time of this review this phone comes with Android 2.2 which was a software downgrade from my Droid X which had 2.3 when I 'upgraded'. I thought the speed of the dual core would make up for the speed tweaks lost by downgrading the OS - I was wrong. If you use your phone as your MP3 player then do not get the Droid X... period. Every song I play has multiple hesitations throughout the song no matter if I'm on headphones, in the car dock or listening from the phones speaker.Other issues:1. There are strange delays when unlocking the phone, powering on the phone and sometimes switching from screen to screen. Totally unacceptable for a dual core device. Compared to my son's Incredible 2 (which is a single core device) this X2 gets whooped in practical speed.2. I receive duplicates (including duplicate notifications) of most text messages.3. The device issues 2 notifications when going into the home dock (which I use as an alarm clock). Doesn't seem like a big deal but considering I normally go to bed after my wife, the loud notifications wake her up if I don't remember to go to silent mode prior to putting in the dock.4. This device seems to crash/freeze more frequently than my original X. I'm running the same apps so I'm not sure what the issue is.The positives:1. Screen is much better than on original X: higher resolution, finger-print resistant, brighter (usable in direct sunlight)2. Fits all the Droid X accessories so expense to upgrade is limited which was really nice.3. Most of the above issues are likely resolved by a software upgrade to Gingerbread (Android 2.3) which will hopefully happen soon.UPDATE 7/30/2011:I installed the Android 2.3 update and have been running it for a couple days (ironically I downloaded the update hours after my initial review). The update eliminated the music hesitation issue and items 1, 2 and 3 of my "Other Issues" list above. I haven't had any freeze issues documented in item 4 above but hasn't been long enough to fully validate the issue resolved. Added 2 stars to the phone review. It now performs as expected for a dual core device. I'm pleased with the purchase.UPDATE 10/13/2011:Since updating to Android 2.3 I have had no recurring issues with this phone. I love the new, brighter, higher resolution display. The speed is nice. If you're a rooter - a one click root is now available for the X2 with an SBF file to re-flash back to stock. I'm loving the device.I've recently updated to the extended battery (1800 mAh Battery BH6X w/ OEM door). Best investment I've made!! The phone is slightly thicker (and I mean only slightly) but now I'm hitting the sack with 40% still available on the battery (i'm a heavy business user but no significant video streaming).

This is my second Android phone and my first on Verizon.Out of the box:Motorola's out of the box UI is terrible in comparison to HTC sense. The lack of scrollable email, sms, and calendar widgets, and even a very sub-par keyboard was obvious coming from an HTC device. The hardware, in contrast is great. A good amount of internal and SD storage was great (I don't store very much large movies and music on my phone so the 8GB SD was fine). The large screen is bright and responsive to touch actions. The lock, volume, and action buttons are very low profile and pushing them takes some getting used to (again, coming from an HTC device). Some people like the physical menu buttons, but I don't care for them much because they require a much more accurate press than the touch action buttons on HTC devices. The dual core makes this phone very zippy, but I was surprised at the hick-ups in music when unlocking or using the phone while streaming Pandora via WiFi (in other words, it was the phone that was causing the hick-ups, not the data connection.UI mods:To make up for the lack of good, functional widgets, software and keyboard, I played around with various launchers and eventually settled on GoLauncher with some 3rd party widgets to get me back to the HTC-like experience. I settled on "Gingerbread keyboard" which gave me back some of the keyboard functionality I was used to.3G vs. Dual Core:95% of the time, I have wifi available at home and in the office so mobile data was not as important as a phone that can handle today's apps and one's coming down the pipe. Again, I don't often stream movies or music while mobile. That said, 3G seems sufficient for streaming Pandora while driving.I've had this phone for about a week now and am happy with my purchase.Comparison with other devices: I would only recommend this phone for folks that plan to make modifications to their phone's look and feel regardless of what phone they get.HTC: If you are a novice user who wants a functional phone out of the box, go with an HTC.Samsung:Why not Samsung?...Samsung has CONSTANT issues with the GPS radios in their phones. The problem is simple...the GPS radio doesn't ever work. It's a known issue that they haven't addressed for years. Frankly, I don't understand why they claim to support GPS. I had a Galaxy S for one day and took it back as a defective item. Turns out ALL the Galaxy S phones had the same issue.LGLG, I've never used one so no comment on that phone.&lt;UPDATE 7/7/2011>Long story short, I'm exchanging this phone for the Samsung Droid Charge. Yes I know, I said no to Samsung above, but I'm willing to give it a shot if the GPS issues have been resolved. From what I read on forums, the issues are not as widespread as they were with the Galaxy S series.So here are a list of reasons why I'm very disappointed with this phone:1. Phone TemperatureThe dual core CPU is great...until you're playing an mp3 and the battery heats up to 122 degrees (F). Then the music starts getting choppy because the phone will automatically drop the operating frequency of the cores to control temperature. So now, you're running at the speed of a single core anyways. The phone could not run GoLauncher with out major heating issues. Using a battery monitor, I would consistently see temps of > 110degs, even when the phone was idol. Playing or streaming music would drive the battery temp to 122degs2. Constantly crashing during overnight chargeI've seen a couple people report similar issues on forums. You plug the phone it at night and you wake up and it's completely off. I suspect that the charging process heats up the phone to a point where it commits automatic suicide in an effort to save the electronics...yah, it's that HOT. In order to restart the phone, you have to eject the battery. A simple power-up wont work. I charge my phone every night and sometimes use the alarm. The alarm obviously wont sound if the phone is dead.3. This phone (not sure about the DX1) actually has to SD cards. The mount for the internal memory is /sdcard while you're external card mount is /sdcard-ext. Not a big deal, except that most USB music players (like the one in my car) read /sdcard and don't recognize /sdcard-mnt. Maybe the players just look for the first mount with media on it. I'm not sure. But the point is that I can't play music via USB. I have to stream it over BT A2DP (which brings the temp of the phone into the 120 range).4. The video recorder drops a lot of frames and video playback (of recorded videos) is very choppy. It's possible that the high running temperature had a degrading effect on video capture and playback. Youtube and flash streaming looked good.For such a high-end phone, I'm very disappointed at the many problems this phone has. I don't think dual-core technolofy is ready for a small footprint like a phone. It just runs too hot and the CPU, battery, and electronics will eventually degrade. For these reasons, I'm dropping my review to 2-stars. If you're a heavy user, this phone will likely not perform to your expectations.

I have owned both Droid X and now the X2.  Although the X2 is a better phone it has one MAJOR issue that needs to be addressed.  Music playback using ANY service stutters.  This is beyond annoying.  Other users in the Verizon forums have the same problem and hard reset or reformatting the card doesn't help.

Much good: excellent screen color and sharpness, easy to read text after up-sizing fonts, all apps I tried open quickly, 'type and search by voice' works well, lots of fun for music and video, fits nicely in back pocket of a suit (not too heavy). Internet speed varies but is usually good in my experience. I like the build quality and even the bump on the back, which makes it easy to grab and hard to drop. The unexpected and fatal flaw to me is you cannot edit text in work emails (outlook at the office) that you receive.  When responding to (or forwarding) an email, this means that instead of simply copying the received text and then modifying it (say, addressing issues point by point), you must type (re-type?) everything from scratch. This peculiar shortcoming was confirmed by the Verizon Store tech rep as well as various other doubters. Coming from a Blackberry, this is an impossible step down in functionality. So, I'll be moving on to something capable of handling this basic function, perhaps a Droid Charge. If corporate email is not a major concern, however, this is an excellent smart phone.

Verizon refused to take a return 24 hours after the order. Many hours spend with Verizon and Amazon to no avail. Verizon still wants hundreds of dollars. Amazon was not helpful. I expect a class action lawsuit in the future.

I was recently in the position to upgrade my phone and decided on the Droid X2 after doing a ton of research. Before this phone, I had the Samsung Galaxy Fascinate and an iphone 3gs (on AT&T) before that. I switched to Verizon because of terrible service on the other network and decided to get the Fascinate because it had good specs and seemed like a good android phone to start with. That was one of the biggest mistakes I've ever made. It was an awful phone that locked up all the time and never worked smoothly. I really missed my iphone. Then my wife got a Droid X and it completely changed my mind again about Android. I've had the Droid X2 for about 6 weeks now and love it. It works better than my 3gs did and has very little bugs. Now that Apple has announced the very disappointing 4s model, it makes me even happier that I have my phone. I would never switch to a screen smaller than 4.3" again. I love this phone!

Came of Droid X, so I'm pleased overall with the X2. Very fast alone, and on wifi its lighting, zip zip zip.  The screen and colors are better one of the best new features is a much much reduced smudge affect on the screen.  But I swear the icons and notifications have gotten smaller and there's no way to adjust them.  Got it Friday, has already locked up 3x but I am a heavy user.  I wish the main buttons were smooth like the Incredible 2 pressing hard everytime gets old.  As far as specs, screen, features, call quality, whatever its one of if not the next 3g phone out there.

I had my Droid X replaced by  the Droid X2 under warranty. I was very excited to get the X2. When it arrived, I ran them side by side while I loaded my apps and set up my screens (I have 2 batteries). From a distance the X2 seems better because it is brighter, BUT:- At a normal viewing distance the X2 is very pixelated compared to the Droid X. Small fonts I used on my calendar were very hard to see if they were green or red. Diagonal lines were jagged. This was mentioned in many online reviews but has to be experienced to be believed. The display is very disappointing and sometimes hampers usability.- The X2 has a dual core CPU and faster GPU so it should be faster, right? On games like NFS and when running live wallpaper it is faster. However, when managing the home screen, managing apps and other work in Motoblur, it is very slow. The Home screen app even FCs sometimes. This is most likely due to Moto's motoblur overlay on top of Froyo. In many ways it cripples the phone.My overall impression in going from the Droid X to the X2 was that the X2 was no faster, and had a worse display. This is a major disappointment for a supposed "upgrade".
