
I got this phone for my boyfriend and he really likes it. He is always on the thing playing games looking online or who knows what for hours at a time, its annoying

This phone is marvelous! On the cricket website this phone isn't listed as an android but it really is (Android Gingerbread 2.3)! It requires only the $45 plan as opposed to the $55 android and smartphone plan as a result of this! A quick google search reveals details on how to root this phone. While android market is not included on this phone, there are other simple means to "side-load" android apps on it. Also take a look at some cricket user forums for more details on unlocking the full potential of this great phone.Now with the $45 plan you get Muve Music which is an unlimited music download service. Virtually every major record label is there so whatever song you want will surely be there to download. I even tried stumping it and searched for some of the most obscure songs I could think of and lo and behold downloads were available!This Phone has a great screen nice and bright and crisp! It's a resistive touchscreen but is super responsive and using a stylus on it makes a big difference and much more responsive.Sound quality on this phone is the best I've heard on any mobile device! True stereo surround sound with dual speaker. It's super crisp, clear, and loud as heck, so you can rock out with your favorite songs!Best of all IT PLAYS ANGRY BIRDS! lol yes with little or no slow down!I highly recommend this phone for all those people who want an android phone but don't want to spend upwards of $100 for one and then pay $60 or more for service. Also think of the Muve Music as an extra added on bonus to sweeten the deal!PS I have researched this phone for quite some time..... BUY IT HERE ON AMAZON!! IT'S THE CHEAPEST PRICE FOR THIS PHONE ANYWHERE! EVEN CRICKET'S SITE HAS IT FOR MORE MONEY!!!!!!!!!

Awful I hate this phone It does play music well but try getting from music back to use phone.The paint is chipping badly. It also drops my wed pages frequently

i don't like this phone because its really small. i have super skinny fingers and the buttons to text are still way smaller than my fingers. so people with big hands/fingers. don't get this phone.

Less than 30 days after ordering my Cricket Muze Phone (recommended by Amazon), it stopped working.  When I called technical assistance there was a recording directing my problem solving.  After that did not correct the problem, I drove to BEST BUY (a dealership) who concluded that the phone was inoperable.  I called technical assistance who referred me to sales who referred me to the manufacturer who referred me back to Cricket who finally said "they could not help me".  WHAT!!!!!! A brand new phone less than 30 days old; (because I did not buy the insurance, which I was not offered when the online sales person enthusiastically took my order).Cricket Sucks.  Amazon should not be referring them and BEST BUY should get out now.

It was an awesome phone! I have never been happier... I really dont know what people mean when they say the screen is horrible... just use the calibration system and it works even with the touch of a feather... LITERALLY!!! The music is great and everything else... 100% recommendation!

This phone is junk.It is very glitchy.AND in spite of what the description and even the phone itself says, it DOES NOT support the MUVE MUSIC feature.

Ordered the phone, didn't like it thought it was an android but just a basic phone wasnt what I was looking for.

This phone is advertised at 38.88 at walmart i willo not pay more than 40 dollars for this phone dissapointed

ZTE D930 Chorus Prepaid Phone (Cricket)I purchased this phone from Amazon.com on July 13, 2012 and received it from the USPS on July 19, 2012. I activated phone with mycricket.com when I received it. Upon activation, I inquired about porting my number and was told it could be ported. Once activated, cricket told me to call back in a week to port my number to this phone. My number was finally ported on August 20th. Since then I have been attempting to use this ZTE Chorus phone. Turn phone off attach charger and charge phone -- says complete 100% -- remove charger. Try and make a call -- have strong signal until I hit call button and it completely disappears. Finally, get to talk (using phone for 23 minutes, I have to hang up because phone is hot to the touch and beginning to irritate my ear also scares me. When I ended the call my phone shows 35% battery remaining. This is an every call issue. I cannot talk on the phone for more that 45 minutes without it going dead and/or getting hot enough to burn. Amazon.com says I can return the phone but I will not get a full refund. Yet, I cannot get an amount of what would be refunded. Not my fault or Amazon's that Cricket could not port my number and I was not using the phone. I would just like to get my money credited back. Then I will be able to get a phone and use it before my return time expires and make sure it is a good, safe phone. This is only one of several items I have purchased from amazon.com and it is the only one I have had a serious problem with and the only one that amazon is giving me a hard time about returning. It is actually DANGEROUS. THE WAY IT HEATS UP AFTER 10-15 MINUTES OF USE. THE WAY IT HEATS UP WHILE CHARGING. Now part of my problems are service provider and part is equipment.

I couldnt be happier. I love my phone. It works great, absolutly NO problems. Everyone that has seen it now want one. Music downloads quick and easy and easy to retrieve later. I have never heard another phone sound so good either. This phone actualy plays bass like an expensive sterio. When connecting it to the car it sounds great. I recommend anyone who likes taking their music with them to get this phone especially at the price its being offered for. It is really simple to activate too.. Ive been using it daily for a month and not one problem.

One major flaw with this product that the company does not state in plain english is that you cannot download applications(apps) for this product, so as a smart phone it is totally worthless.  If you want to have a music device, buy an iPod, not this phone.

I am very pleased with this phone. It is very easy to use with the exception of the keyboard is very tiny so my big fingers keep hitting wrong keys.

I order/d this thru the cricket website, because of the music feature, Got the phone and went to activiate it and found out the MUSIC dont work on this phone its not compatible!I returned it the same day that i got it!Why have a phone and raise your plan for a feature that you cant use?I was even told to keep it! Hell No!DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE IF YOU ARE A CRICKET CUSTOMER AND WANT THE MUSIC.

This phone is low in price and low in quality,Pro'sI'd start with Pro's but it doesn't really have any, any other like phone will basically do what this one can,Camera is ok but zooming abilities are basically non existent because of touchscreen issue and the sound for playing music is somwhat decent other than that see cons.Con's -Battery - the Battery is lucky to make it about half a day with out needing to be recharged and not even hardly used.Touch screen - unless you have VERY petite fingers using the touchscreen keyboard in upright position is near impossible, always have to use it on the side, and then can't barely see the screen that your typing on.Connection Speed - using internet on 3G is VERY slow, and since there is no wireless capabilities your stuck using slow 3G.Call sound - its difficult to hear people if you don't have the volume all the way up.overall you get what you pay for.

when i got this phone i liked it it was alright it was hard to text due to the small letters but i got used to it but i dropped it once and it stopped working on my old phone i would drop it all the times and it always kept working and it wasn't even that bad (the fall)

This is a great little android powered cell. Love the unlimited ringtones and ringbacks for those who love to use them, this is the perfect phone! Great deal easy to use touch screen and apps. ! Great Phone!!

Bought this for my daughter. She got it today. Loves it a lot. She has been messing with it all day and has barely used any of her battery. This was a great buy so far. She loves the fact that she can text while using fb without having to get offline. So for the money it is well spent:)

At first I thought the phone was bad because of the battery. I just did not know how to use the phone. You have to make it sleep with the power button instead of letting the screen just close on its own. when the screen closes after 30 seconds or so its still processing everything except the screen. Thats why it dies near lunch time. From now on close the screen right away with the power button and open it the same way. DONT FORGET. Now you will see a major improvement in battery life and you dont have to kill all your apps either. Im giving it 3 stars just because its just really a phone not a real android phone. I dont recommend getting data on this because you will be cutting yourself short on the data plan.

its not a smart phone and its easy to use i would recomened it to anyone who is looking for a tuch screen without having to have a smart phone plan

Screen is way to small on it, you can barley text on on it, you need small fingers to even type anything on it

Having a hard time navagating almost every thing, pages disappear while in use music downloads are somewhat difficult, battery is does not last very long. it,s like the phone has been used. It was advertised as new.

For one it says its n android phone. Not true! And the phone is not equipped for the muve music app. And thats wut the special feature is. So im very unhapp! But it is wut it is! Thanx!

Cricket sucks! It took me forever to try to start up my prepaid phone and even after trying to figure it out, i was still confused! I gave up and got T-mobile prepaid - and MUCH happier with their service!

do not get this phone battery  life is horrible. when i am at work i don't get to use my phone. when i try to use it the battery is always dead.

The Chorus is a great deal for the price, what do you expect for $40/50 bucks.  My major problem with the phone is the battery life and it will randomly shut off.  If you go to the task manager and "kill" the programs that you don't need it improve the battery life a bit. I try to keep the phone siting out when not in use, it seems to shut down when I have it in my pocket.  Besides these it is a descent phone for the price.

DO NOT buy this phone whatever you do!!!!!! It is the worst purchase I have made this year and everytime I look at it I want to CRY.-The touch screen capacity is completely ridiculous and it takes severe concentration and lots of back spacing for EVERY SINGLE LITTLE TEXT. The people I text should know they're special cause it really takes some time and effort.-The battery life is so stinkin short! It pretends like its a fancy phone, but it's so crappy and I LITERALLY have to bring my phone charger with me everywhere I go and charge it AT LEAST once a day. The other day I charged it to 100%, went to work but forgot the charger. After 5 hrs the battery was completely dead!!! (that was after 2 very short phone calls) I may as well not have a phone.-And it's not user friendly with seemingly simple things. One for example, I can choose to put it on vibrate or sound, but if I want it to just be silent I have to meticulously change the settings by a long complex process.STUPID PHONE. LIVE A GOOD LIFE AND SAVE YOURSELF FROM THIS WORTHLESS PIECE OF PLASTIC. RUN WHILE YOU STILL CAN. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. WALK AWAY AND SHOP ON........

great phone for kids. no apps store so you don't have to worry about them running up a bill buying apps for thier phone.

This phone was terrible. I had to charge the battery about three times a day, and it randomly shut down frequently. Battery is drained almost instantly when calling or browsing the web.

I purchased this phone for my daughter and it is the worst phone ever! Unable to dial numbers, shuts down constantly, and services is really bad! I wish I would have thpught twice before purchasing this phone!

This seems like a great deal and phone but it is not!  When I called to activate this phone, the lady at Cricket said that they could not activate it!  It did not work in my area.  It would have been nice to know this before I spent the money on this phone. I give this seller no stars!!  What a waste and time and money.  If you want a cricket phone, buy it from Best Buy or Cricket!!

This is a pretty good phone! I got my phone early, like 3 days before due. The phone has a nice weight to it! I would have given it 5 stars but the thing freezes quite a bit, but thats with all touch phones it seems! I am having a lil problem downloading songs at the mo also. Cricket say their site is down...OK. I have some songs loaded and some set to download at any time...maybe by next year It'll be ready..lol...overall its a pretty nice phone.

Although it is a Muve Music Phone, it does not allow you to use The Muve Music Function. The phone is too small. I thought it was larger. I have trouble texting because the key pad is small.

We received the phone as ordered on time for Christmas.  My daughter loves it. It works great and she listens to music all the time.

I bought it thinking it was an android,well it is but no access to the android apps,and you get to pay the same android bill.Oh and the sd card can't be removed or you dont get all the limited features this piece of crap has.Spend a little extra and get something else.Don't make the same mistake I did.

I wanted to switch to a cheaper phone plan and after reading the reviews for this phone the only concern I had was in regards to the battery life comments others had made. Well, I can't speak for anyone else's experience, but in the instructions it says to let it charge and go dead three times, and that worked perfectly for me. The first two times I didn't even use the phone and it ran down really quickly just sitting on the counter, but after the 3rd time, now it holds the charge for over a day, even if I'm listening to music a couple hours/day.I found it necessary to use a stylus when texting. The size of the numbers and letters for texting is just way too small and even with small fingers, it's easy to press the wrong one. A stylus greatly allieviated that frustration. Other than for texting I haven't had a problem with the touch screen. The sound quality for calls and for music has been great. Overall this phone is a steal for the price.When I went online to set up service with Cricket it was fairly user friendly, but one thing I thought was funny was at the end of the whole process when you're supposed to see your new phone number, that line was blank.  I had to call another phone at home to find out what my new number is.  That just made me laugh.  "Here's your new number...."  Oh.  It's blank.  Easy to find it out though.

OOk many lied about there reviewsthis phone drop calls and its hard to text you have to have finger nails to text because its so small i hate the internet its onpygood for the music thats about it

I love this phone and ordered one for my boyfriend... GREAT PHONE just horrible battery life... Buy screen protectors and a tough case

It must be a matter of hit or miss with this phone. Some said it was a great phone on the reviews?????  I can't keep the battery charged; the touch pad is so sensitive that after I sent a text one day the response was LMAO.  The keys were hitting and sending some ridicules message. I'm a pretty good typist but It took so long just to get the right letters in the message, I became frustrated and just ended up calling.  Maybe a few will have a good experience; however it wasn't me.

got this for my teenage son about a year ago and it has survived and is in good working order. I do recommend using a stylus on the touch screen for more precise use if you are used to a larger touch screen.

I took this phone 2 b activated the battery was no good & had 2 purchase another one & it still doesn't hold a charge more than 2-3 hours(I ordered a brand new phone), the numbers keep having 2 be reprogrammed just to be able 2 send text messages, unable to send half of the picture messages i've tried sending. I purchase items from amazon quite often i just want it 2 be know this is the first product I've been less than happy with, unfortunately I purchased 2 of these phones. :-(

it didnt have any scratches and the camera is good. i just wish the screen was better. so far so good!

The phone works okay. There are times that the screen will lock up and times when it wont let me scroll down. The music portion of the phone is amazing it works in every way possible and i love that feature. I just wish the phone itself would work better at times, but i wouldnt give it up! I do love that instead of using your finger, like with an android, you can use anything to touch the screen!

I got this phone for my teenage daughter and she LOVES it...unlimited downloads (no extra fees for me) I LOVE that! There are thousands of songs to choose from, ringtones and more.  I just ordered her four phone cases from Amazaon (great price).  I didn't get her phone from Amazon, wasn't aware Icould.  I went to a distributor of Cricket,  Wireless Toyz.  I got the Muve Music special $45 per month well Cricket billed me for the regular price of $55 after a few call, they figured out I was telling the truth and now everything is fine.  I would recommend this phone to anyone that does not want to be stuck in a contract with a teenager.  They mess up cut it off and there are no buyout fees!

After just a few weeks, something happened to the screen--straight on, it appears clear but when the screen is black you can see the distortion and now using the onscreen keyboard, there is a 50% chance whenever I hit a key that it will add or substitute a random letter.The phone is too thick and heavy considering it does not have a slide out keyboard, and the back button, and the screen in general are very unresponsive. Battery life is also very unimpressive. Do NOT recommend.

I had this phone for three months and now I cannot even turn it on because it will not charge! I brought it to a Cricket store to see if it was the battery or the charger and they informed me that it was the phone that was messed up. I really liked this phone and if it wasn't for the fact that it stopped working after 3 months, I would have given it 5 stars instead of 3

For the price you pay its not bad but I do have a few complaints- the battery life is extremely short, I often have to recharge it twice a day after hardly using it.- i have dropped it a couple times and each time the time changes and there is no option to reset it....it eventually rights itself  after  afew day but for awhile the time is 7 hours ahead for days behind etc- i wanted to unlock it to use overseas but it doesnt have a sim card so its impossible where i live ( thats obviously not a fault but it would be a huge pro in my case if it worked on a sim system)

This phone gets very hot when you use it and needs charged at least every 6-8 hours.  It doesnt beep to let you know its running low it just turns off.  Looks like I am in need of another phone :(

my daughter loves it, although. I would rather her have another... she likes this one just fine. It came in perfect shape.

I bought this as a starter phone for my son, he loves it! It is really easy to use and has great features.

I got this fone for my grandson for Christmas. He really love it. He has know complaints. It was a good deal. It cost more @ the store. Thanks amazon. You have a whole lot of deals. I give it a five star.

I suppose you get what you pay for. I bought this phone directly from Cricket, but after only 5 mos. of use, its charger port broke. I called all the cell phone repair shops in town, but none of them could fix it, because they aren't able to get parts for the ZTE phones. So, I had to ship my phone to the Cricket repair place in Michigan, and even though it was under warranty, I still had to pay $15 ($5 to ship it to MI, $5 for the repair, & $5 to return ship it). When I got my phone back, the charger port seemed to be working fine, but the plastic protective cover to the port had been damaged (the decorative silver cover is gone).Also, the phone claims to come with a 4GB sim card, but what it doesn't say is that 3GB are for music downloads, & 1GB is for other memory. So downloading apps or storing photos can use that up in a hurry.I'll keep using this phone until I find something more durable (& can be repaired locally) that doesn't cost an arm & a leg. Coverage area is fine. It's been a great starter smart phone for me. I have a MUCH better idea of the features I'll be looking for in my next phone.

This phone is a very, very, cheaply made phone. You get what you pay for.. It is probably worth $2.00. The battery will not last more than an hour of talk time or web browsing. You will have to buy a different battery. It is great if you want to use it to make a quick call. If you use the web browser often, the battery will go dead .

I thought it was to good to be true but I love it! And it arrived two days early. I would recommend this to my friends.

I've had this phone for a few weeks, and wish I had spent the money on something better.  The phone itself is ok- generally easy to use, not overly complicated, but more bells and whistles than some others.  My service with Cricket has also been ok.  No dropped calls, but longer texts often don't send.  There doesn't seem to be a way to cancel sending, so it just keeps trying and draining the battery!  I think deleting the entire conversation thread stops it, but I'm not even sure.  The biggest problem though, is the battery.  After only three weeks, I don't even get five hours of stand-by time! I have to have the phone off unless I'm going to use it, or keep it plugged in!  It's kind of ridiculous, and a huge pain!  I even tried getting a new battery for it, and two hours after turning the phone on this morning, it's at about half power.

This is my first smartphone... albeit a lower-end one.  I love it.I've seen some complaints about the touchscreen being a bit resistive.  I have long -- but blunt -- fingers, and no fingernails to speak of.  I found it /was/ resistive, calibrated for actual touch, alone. I have a narrow stylus, and decided to re-calibrate it for use with that -- and haven't had a single issue, since.Only other thing I've noticed -- and this could just be my particular phone, and not an issue with the model, itself -- is that it can be titchy about the temperature.  Living in the Pacific NorthWet, winters here can be a bit... bi-polar, to say the least, and we'd been having a very odd, very cold late fall/early winter. If I keep my phone in my pocket (particularly one close-ish to my body), I have no problems.  If I keep it in an outer coat pocket --  let alone use it outside for more than 10 mins without actually being on a call -- in 35 degrees or lower, the screen locks up, entirely.  Though, with the former, it's only after coming in from intense cold if the apartment is stiflingly hot that does it.It stands to reason... they're heat /and/ pressure sensitive. But, it's not really been an actual problem.  More like a minor annoyance.  All I need to do is put it briefly into sleep mode (just a few seconds), and it's fine, once it comes back out.Other than those two things, there's just the general poor service coming from using Sprint towers, and some browser instability... which are not directly related to the phone, itself.All in all, the Chorus has been a pretty good phone for one so inexpensive (I only paid $30, for mine ^_^ ).

This is an okay 2012 phone that has been discontinued because the Cricket CDMA network is being shut down as Cricket converts to being part of At&t;'s GSM network.The Cricket website is now selling 2014  GSM phones such as the LG L70 with up to date Android Kitkat software.

Had it for about two months when the plug where you charge it came apart and I couldn't charge it up anymore. Not worth the price

I bought this phone for my mother and i thought it was perfect for her first smart phone. This phone arrived quickly and he had no problems taking it to a local store to activate it.

junk
