
the blackberry is blocked, i can not use the phone, i am from Venezuela and i just receive the phone, and i realized that is blocked.

While the phone is unlocked and therefore works with T'Moblie [my ISP] it was apparently set up for AT&T whose logo appears whenever it is turned on.  This is a slight embarrassment when I go to T'Mooile [whose Logo appears if one buys the phone from them [to ask an operating  question etc.

THE PHONE NO WINE as described THE BOX IMEI MISMATCH WITH TELEPHONE AND USED AND REBUILT IT SEEMS THAT WAS MISSING CALLS AND MANUAL

the phone thus far is working good and just one or two things in that the virtual keyboard is not working and some settings when applied is not being accepted i.e call fowarding numbers and other stuff.

the product arrived, but lacks the free hands with a grating pitch and the back of the rest without incident, but wait for a better product actually seems to be you rebuild

This is my first time to buy on Amazon, my overall experience was very positive at all was excellent there were no problems.I should mention the phone only came in a box that did not correspond serials of it and not brought me the hands free. however the computer works perfectly .. Grateful for the service provided by Amazon.com. Luis from Venezuela ..Esta es mi primera vez en comprar por Amazon, mi experiencia a nivel general fue muy positiva todo resulto excelente no hubo contratiempos.Solo debo mencionar el telefono vino en una caja que no correspondia los seriales del mismo y no me trajo el manos libre. sin embargo el equipo funciona perfectamente.. Agradecido por el servicio brindado de Amazon.com. Luis de Venezuela..

Excelente telefono muy comodo,excelente la cobertura 3G en Movistar Venezuela.. Incluso tiene la red H+.. Considero q es el mejor telefono blackberry... el teclado ayuda aunque posee pantalla tactil.. recomendado 100%..

I wanted a blackberry with the ability to use both the touch screen option and the slide up keyboard.  For this reason, the Torch 9810 was my obvious choice.1.  Arrived swiftly enough (weather delays but amazon prime member)2. Works great except for the fact that my phone would overheat and my battery would be exhausted within a couple hours.  I had very little standby time and would just lose charge especially overnight and even during the day.  So I purchased a new battery and at first it kept doing the same thing and then eventually (which is where I am at now), it has stopped losing charge as quickly.  Now my standby time is fine and the battery works (holds charge) well.I would recommend the product, however, as always buyer be-aware' and just really ensure that you are ready to absorb the possibility that your product may have some sort of defect.  Mine was the battery and possible internal overheating but another product may have another defect that may not be as easily fixed.I thank God and in respects the supplier, for the fact that on this occasion, my product came relatively without issue.

Me ha gustado el producto todo bien, viene 100% liberado levanta 3g con movistar y movilnet en Venezuela, compren con seguridad

I bought the phone and it was okay. But when I insert my chip in Peru, the phone only works with "edge" (worst than 3g and 4g). I want to know of wich brand (at&t, verizon, t-mobile) was the phone so I can see what I can do. I will appreaciate if you contact me for more info. Thanks

It is a gift for my wife.  She already has a Blackberry, so I thought I'd just stick with another one.  She loves it and was able to use it the day she got it.

everything was as said is was like new only 1 or 2 minor scratches . none on the  face :) for 109 FREE SHIPPING IT WAS WELL WORTH IT ...THANKS GUYS

Es perfecto, cumple todas las expectativas y el traslado estuvo dentro del tiempo indicado por el vendedor. Excelente producto, lo recomiendo.

HOLA, ESTE EQUIPO TRAE BANDA 1.2.5Y6 PARA 3G Y 4G?HELLO, THIS TEAM BRINGS 1.2.5Y6 BAND FOR 3G AND 4G?

great product sold by  smart device sales  excellent condition 9.5 of 10  box eerything included except the sd card . works great!excelenteproducto vendido por smart device sales producto en excelente estado 9.5 /10 con todo incluido menos la micro sd . caja orginal levanta h+ con movistar venezuela

A year after purchasing... you can't hear over the earpiece speaker. So I get a replacement phone from AT&T.; Then I'm out of warranty. Then the speaker goes down again. The trackpad stops working completely. The volume down button doesn't work. The flash stops working. Finally, the phone starts resetting itself constantly, even with a new battery in it. Two years later? I'm buying the HTC HD7 that I should have purchased when I was standing in the AT&T; store two years ago.This was my THIRD Blackberry that was a piece of CRAP. Four, if you count the replacement.Blackberry? NEVER AGAIN.

apparently new article by OUT What is Article I lie drive or four days running was extinguished and No more turn send it wanted to review to know why if a new tlf That this did not want to turn and resulted That WAS Fully oxidized tlf within Water marks were missing is Red and 2 BOLTS AND DO Let me know how I THINK BECAUSE Undefeated not my dollars?

What is the item condition? New, refurb, etc? What kind of warranty do you offer? Is it PIN free? Does it work outside US?

los cargadores enviados no son los cargadores reales de ese tel&eacute;fono, son cargadores de versiones anteriores, las cajas no pertenecen a los telefonos, los telefonos no vienen desbloqueados, fue un robo.Sent chargers are not real that phone chargers are chargers previous versions, the boxes do not belong to the phones, the phones are not unlocked, was a robbery.

Estoy Molesto con el vendedor no me colocaron la memoria interna del telefono!! espero que por lo menos se comuniquen conmigo para enviarmelo! por que bien costoso es este producto para que me llegue sin la memoria! estafadores.

Was in as good a condition as the seller described.Very minor scratches, which was to be expected since this is a used product. However, it had been gently used.Picture shows a case but does not come with one.Arrived as scheduled. Overall, I was very pleased with the purchase.Was able to simply pop in the sim card and was ready to go. Works perfectly with AT&T; and other AT&T-like; cell providers.

I bought three of these phones before,I got case and ear piece this time I did not get a case or an ear piece&#62;The phone looks ok haven't used it Im giving my sister it as a gift

The phone didn't come with a battery. This is the 2nd time that I have problems with the battery when I buy a BB. The first time the battery was broken.

exelente esta en muy buenas condiciones muy completo y funcionaba todas las aplicaciones y llego rapido me gusto mucho espero tenga otros productos de ese mismo precio

muy buen producto

I paid $ 205.95 for a NEW Blackberry 9810 device, purchased from &#34;Winda USA&#34; through Amazon Prime. Instead I received a used and scratched device in a strange white plastic wrapping in a new box! The box and accessories are correctly for a new device (new battery, head phone, charger etc.)... however the used device was repackaged clumsily while attempting hard to make it look like a new Blackberry 9810 with stickers for a new device!

I speak English this phone is in Spanish all the hanbooks submitted with the phone is in Spanish and I cannot get it into English please send me instructions as to how I can use this phone.

Hello, I love this BB and I am from Ecuador and let me know if I can use this phone in my country I travel to Orlando next week and runs until February 5 and let me know that I would give it time in my direction in Orlando, thanks

The cellphone came in good packaging. Is a new pone, and it seemed was intended to  be sold with a plan for AT&T, because the logo is printed in the pone, but actually was unlocked. The performance is good.

We bought it because my wife had this version of the phone before and wanted to keep using this model.  By the time it arrived she felt comfortable with the newer version of Blackberry which she already had and therefore we have not activated this phone.

I paid $245.00 for this phone and when I received it the touch screen seems to be going crazy. when you touch on one app, it goes to another app. It would have cost me too much to have it returned so I'm stuck with it.

me encanto el producto y todo estaba bien, como lo indico el vendedor lo recomiendo, llego a tiempo muy buen.

TENGAN CUIDADO CON ESTE VENDEDOR(smart device sales)  !!!  le compre un BlackBerry 9810 y me envi&oacute; un tel&eacute;fono sin sus accesorios originales, en una caja practicamente vacia y destruida, esto no es un tel&eacute;fono nuevo y dudo que este desbloqueado. ESTO ES UNA ESTAFA ! ! !

Blackberry 9810 is a lovely phone. But this one got spoilt 2days ago,which is like barely two months since i bought it. I have ordered another one today believing it won't be the case this time. I ordered for a new one because the other one was from amazon warehouse deals. K&K take note.

It is brand new in a sealed box.  Was originally for ATT but was unlocked. So using my T Mobile card was a snap. Make sure to backup old BB info then load on to new BB using the BB Desktop software.Was a great price. Brand new. Up and running right away!

I used to have the 9800 first generation of the torch, it was the same thing as the first one , the BB launch the OS6, it came out with a lot of issue, it was freezing all the time, battery life was terrible. I bought the 9810, few weeks ago, the first was damaged, I changed in a week, because the keyboards was not working properly, it types different letter, move around it self without touching it. The second was same as my first torch, it freeze a lot, battery life is terrible and it is the OS7, they need to launch the updates as they did with previous torch. Right know I'm using the 9800, back to the old phone. I'm waiting for att to make the updates so I can use the new phone, is frustrating to buy a new phone and can not use it. In the other hand, 9810 is a very fast phone when t works, camera is great. But I insist that with today markets having Iphone and android as competitors, BB needs a lot of thing to work with, they need to update a lot, the new Bold is having the same issues, a lot of blackberrian users are unsatisfied due to the lack of new technology on the new BB. Definitely the need a lot of improvement yet. Wait a little be more to get any of the new OS7 units from BB.

I RECEIVED A USED PHONE THE PHONE IS FREEZING RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX! THE CHARGER IS AN OLD ONE THE HEADSET IS NOT A BLACKBERRY HEADSET!!!!!!!

had a 9800 that just got bad ordered for this 9810 3 days ago and it arrived yesterday, super fast delivery. am loving the phone and the speed of the phone, will definately buy things from this seller. the phone is what it was advertised to be, glad I overcame my fear of buying new phone online and actually placed this order. I recommend this seller 100%

QUISIERA HACER P&Uacute;BLICA LA M&Aacute;S VIL ESTAFA DE LA CUAL HE SIDO V&Iacute;CTIMA POR PARTE DE ESTA GENTE (WIRELESS EXPERTS, INC), NO ES GENTE SERIA NI RESPONSABLE...LES COMENTO QUE RECIB&Iacute; HACE 3 D&Iacute;AS EN VENEZUELA UN EQUIPO DE ESTOS, LO CUAL PODR&Iacute;A TRADUCIRSE EN QUE BOTE CASI 400$, YA QUE UNA VEZ RECIBIDO EL ART&Iacute;CULO OFERTADO ME PERCATE QUE EL MISMO ESTABA BLOQUEADO (LOCKED) Y LO M&Aacute;S GRAVE A&Uacute;N, ES QUE PRESENTA UN PROBLEMA EN SU LECTORA DE TARJETA SIM, POR LO CUAL ARROJA AL ENCENDERSE UN MSJ DE ERROR DE INICIALIZACI&Oacute;N. AL CONTACTAR AL VENDEDOR S&Oacute;LO ME RESPONDI&Oacute; SI ACEPTABA UN REEMBOLSO DE 50$ POR LOS DA&Ntilde;OS Y MOLESTIAS OCASIONADAS. QUE LAMENTABLE QUE A&Uacute;N EXISTAN PERSONAS COMO ESTAS EN AMAZON. NO COMPREN NADA DE LO OFRECIDO POR ESTA GENTE Y CORRAN LA VOZ, NO CAIGAN EN TRAMPAS NI ENGA&Ntilde;OS (EQUIPOS REPOTENCIADOS Y DE MALA CALIDAD). LO CERTIFICO Y TENGO EL CORREO ELECTR&Oacute;NICO RECIBIDO GUARDADO (A TRAV&Eacute;S DEL CUAL ME OFRECEN COMO REEMBOLSO 50$ POR LOS DA&Ntilde;OS Y PERJUICIOS OCASIONADOS).WANT TO MAKE THE MOST PUBLIC VII WHICH HE SCAM VICTIM BY THESE PEOPLE (WIRELESS EXPERTS, INC.) IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR SERIOUS PEOPLE ... I must remark that I RECEIVED 3 DAYS AGO IN VENEZUELA A TEAM OF THESE, WHICH could translate into $ 400 BOAT ALMOST AS ONCE RECEIVED THE ITEM OFFERED THE SAME I realized that I WAS LOCKED (LOCKED) AND STILL THE MOST SERIOUS PROBLEM IN PRESENTING YOUR SIM CARD READER, SO TO CATCH FIRE THROWS A INITIALIZATION ERROR MSG. TO CONTACT THE SELLER ONLY IF ANSWERED ME accepted a $ 50 REFUND FOR DAMAGES AND INCONVENIENCE CAUSED. SORRY THAT PEOPLE STILL THERE HOW ARE YOU IN AMAZON. DO NOT BUY ANYTHING OFFERED BY THESE PEOPLE AND RUN THE VOICE, NO SCAMS OR FALL IN TRAPS (REPOTENCIADOS EQUIPMENT AND POOR). CERTIFY THE E-MAIL AND I HAVE BEEN SAVED (THROUGH THE BACK AS IS OFFERED ME $ 50 FOR THE DAMAGES ARISE).

muyyy bueno este equipo, lo recomiendo a todo aquel que quiera comprarlo, la entrega fue inmediata y segura + +

I bought this phone based on the other guys WHO BOUGHT IT, when i purchased this Blackberry 9810 form this MerchantI got a USED HANDSET ALSO THERE WAS A BBM PROFILE WITH BBM CONTACTS ON THE DEVICE, THE KEYBOARD HAD FOOD PARTICULES IN BETWEEN, THE SCREEN HAD A WHITE BUBBLE AND THE TRACKPAD WAS NOT WORKING!!!(((( DO NOT BUY)))

The phone works fine.  i  was able to connect it to my local provider in panama city, panama.it doesn't have gps

Dear All,I recently bought a BB torch from Ecuador and it was fast and easy, I recomend this site for purchasing.Thank you!

I found this phone was in excellent condition. It was working quite fine. It was unlocked as I wanted and it was also brand new and working better than I expected I must admit. I got it as a gift for my fiance and I absolutely love it. I was very skeptical because I had to return a phone from a different seller before but I was very pleased. The only thing I wish was different was that the manuals were in English but since I know exactly how to operate the phone since Ive dealt with Blackberry's before, I was not worried. It was in english so I just changed the language to English! Besides that, everything about it was satisfying. I dont like Blackberry's but my babe does so I would buy this one for him again or the upgrade to it if there is another one like it since he had the 9800 before. Overall, I loved it!

i dont reall like what i receive cos the phone dont have a charge and battery, and the person who sale the phone did not put or say the phone did not have such item, then pls adviced people dat post phone on ur site to make sure the write what they have or how the product it so that when any buyer will no what is buying, pls tell hime to sent me the charge and the battery so dat the phone will be complete, thanks

i recently purchased a torch 9810 to replace my bold 9700, i'm very pleased with the purchase, graphics are very fluid and the browser is a marked improvement over my 9700.....very satisfiedI ordered the Torch 9810 because it's a good phone. No problems thus far. However when I received the phone there were one small dent on the black lining on my phone and a small piece of silver paint came off on another spot on the phone. I was not too pleased with this as I paid over $400 for the phone. I will not be ordering anything fromBattery duration, this is an issue, is your using 4G/H+ networks the phone literally 'eats' the battery but it's a very very fast connection.To those who likes the combination of both touchscreen and keyboard I recommend this one a lot.

The team is completely new and this liberated one for any operator of mobile telephony, also lifts 4g or H+ in Venezuela for Movistar and Movilnet

es un buen tel&eacute;fono, hasta los momentos para mi linea telef&oacute;nica en Venezuela y a nivel de funciones esta muy bien.

exelente

The phone arrived on time and it worked as expected. Very nice product and service. I'd recommend the article and the vendor.

I purchased the Blackberry 9810 as a gift for a friend in the Islands, she loves the phone, she raves as to how great it works with no issues. Great item and excelent delevery time by the vendor. I would use them again.. Thank you...

Very good phone, nice conditions and work's fine, unlocked and works with all companies. ThxSend me the phone at time, no extra fines to pay.

I wrote a product review on this cellphone before and I gave it a good rating! I took the phone to an at&t shop! The phone did not appear to have a 3H+ or 4G Network! I was told that it appeared to be the 4G network! But the phone was refurbished! I emailed the Seller but never heard from them! If the phone was refurbished I should have been aware of that! I will keep the phone I it has a backup! it is unlocked they said! I don't feel I should have paid $376.+ for a phone that was not new! If you buy from this company! Make sure your paying for a new phone!

I ordered the Torch 9810 because it's a good phone. No problems thus far. However when I received the phone there were one small dent on the black lining on my phone and a small piece of silver paint came off on another spot on the phone. I was not too pleased with this as I paid over $400 for the phone. I will not be ordering anything from abe123 again.

its perfect product thanks for the extra gift

Buen vendedor! El producto funciona bien, y se realizo todo el proceso de manera satisfactoriaBlackberry 9810 Torch 4G, 5MP,8GB,OS 7, WIFI, GPS Unlocked World Smartphone US Version (silver)

This item come in perfect conditions and the person that i send you, said is great and thanks so much

Muy buen producto, excelente el tiempo de despacho, se los recomiendo.,. el despacho lo realizaron el tiempo  acordado, un tel&eacute;fono muy bueno

i recently purchased a torch 9810 to replace my bold 9700, i'm very pleased with the purchase, graphics are very fluid and the browser is a marked improvement over my 9700.....very satisfied

hello I tell people I live in Argentina and travel to Miami so I bought x amazon and sent it to the house of some friends and take it when you travel there, really 10 points the product, thank you very much!

This is such a nice phone. I have only had it a few days so I have had limited use but it seems to work well as a phone first of all. The wifi access works well and fast for internet browsing. The phone has a nice design. It is very logical unlike some other smart phones I have tried. The only thing that I worry about is that it doesn't look like RIM provides any kind of tech support like some other manufacturers do. This worries me even more now that the company has been sold. Regardless, so far, the phone has been great.I will update if there are significant changes.

Good very Good, this cell i love it, it is fast and easy use, i recommend 100% buy now excellent

Not amazing at alll, OS halts every day, rebooting is a must.  I really hope blackberry company fix all kind of bugs in their OS

muy bueno mi telefono 100% feliz en muy buen llego en buen estado funciona y  super bien gracias lo recomiendo

Excelente! Muy buen producto. Completo. Funcionamiento veloz. Recib&iacute; en tiempo y forma, todo en perfecto estado y con todos sus componentes. Altamente recomendable.

okay all alone in my country used 3g and 2g phone is T-MOBILE funcioa me super slow with the data

If you want proven technology, hard keys, and a touch screen, the BB 9810 is the product you should consider.

Buena compra responsables entrega al dia y el producto en perfecto estado sirve con movistar en vzla y trabaja con 3.5 G

excellent my product and very nice, as is as shown in the picture.thanks for letting me trust youto opronto

I bought a blackberry torch 9810, It worked properly only two days. From the third day I had problems with the touch screen. I press a function and another function worked.  Five days after I had to make a trip.  It turned off suddenly and I could not turn it on again. I had to take it to a cell phone service who had to load again a program so as to make it work. I had to pay 40 dollars. When I went to pick my phone, the employee told me that the touch screen didnt work.  As I had to return to my home country, I took my phone  It worked buy only the qwert keyboard. Six hours later the touch screen started to work properly. But only a day. Now I cannot use the screen. Also, It turned off about 10 times.

The first problem with this phone they sent a battery that does not belong, regrettably was a gift to a family in Venezuela, and to complete insatalado does not bring the Spanish language as other brands in really bad

I buy the equipment as new and was Used, also lacked the back cover of the phonetotally dissatisfied with the purchase

I was looking for a phone that I can use international and this work for me and good price thank you

sre 9810 to purchase the torch came damaged and the stack is not full and it carge what I power down and the next day when I turned on the battery was fully discharged and another stack probe and pass the same seems to be the plate that came defective and lost money

I paid for a new phone and received a refurbished defect some of the phone , but this seller was easy  kind Contemplating sending it back and getting a good phone I'm very satisfied.That right I give a 4 star was extra work because I pay delivered.

quisiera saberlas especificaciones de la conexi&oacute;n dela red ..y cuales son las bandas con las cuales opera...I want to know the specifications of the network connection., and what are the bands which operates

This phone is a good phone for keeping up with emails, and making calls, and texting.  After about a month of owning this phone, it would freeze up and take about three minutes to open a text, and if you were unlucky (like I was a lot) you would have to wait another few minutes before it let you input text in the message.  This phone also has an awful GPS navigation system in it.. It is a great back-up phone, but you are better off with a newer smart phone that is on the market.

I bought this phone in December and I just got it now -little problem with the custom house- anyway, the phone works great.-It's quite fast with a 1.2GHz processor as expected.-The desing is very nice with the silver color, different from the Torch 9800.-The camera is pretty good.-The touchscreen is very smooth.Battery duration, this is an issue, is your using 4G/H+ networks the phone literally 'eats' the battery but it's a very very fast connection.To those who likes the combination of both touchscreen and keyboard I recommend this one a lot.

I have received this Blackberry torch and its good, got it for someone and he likes it so much. The product is good

Im extremely disappointed!!! I was so excited when I received this phone about one week ago. For the first time, I tried to connect to wifi. The phone froze and was unable to switch off. I removed the battery and it was still not coming back on. It keeps attempting to reboot but never comes back on. So now after only a week, i have a blackberry thats no use to me. DONT BUY THIS PHONE!!

I gave this phone to my wife as a present, upgrading from the Torch 9800. This one is even better.Better OS, much faster and better battery life than the old one. She's really happy with it.It's what I expected from this product. No problems with the seller. Received in time and in perfect condition.

todo perfecto... se lo recomiendo el telefono trabaja bienn en venezuela , no tuve ningun problema todo en perfecto orden saludoss

Solid device in the legacy BBOS arsenal..a worthy member of the crew...reliable and quite fast. Keyboard is really good. if you are not ready to move over to Blackberry 10 and you like large screen, this is the device for you

The phone was good . I was expecting a brand new phone instead I received a refurbished phone . They should should stop saying new phone . They should use the word. 'Refurbished '

THE PHONE I PURCHASED IS REPLACING MY OLD ONE. I AM HAPPY TO HAVE ORDERED THROUGH YOU, GETTING IT ON TIME BEFORE THANKSGIVING..IT WORKS VERY WELL, AND PERFORMS BUCH BETTER THAN MY OLD BB.THANK YOU FOR THE GOOD SERVICE

APENAS TENGO UN DIA CON ESTE TELEFONO Y DEBO DECIR QUE CUMPLE CON TODAS LAS ESPECIFICACIONES QUE DICE EL VENDEDOR. LO BUENO QUE LEVANTA H MAS CON MOVILNET OSEA 3G SALUDOS DESDE BARQUISIMETO VENEZUELA

This cel was received on time, well packed, all accesories offered were included. It works nicely overseas. Easy to handle.

I have had many problems with the phone because he was sent without invoice and customs retubieron me, I have more than a month with this problem.

Item was refurbished part of the front piece that covers the mouse area or control bottons came off within a week.  When i sinchronized the phone with the card it had a girls name on the previous sinc someone I never heard of that's how I new this was not new.

this product had technical problems, for example the speakers were bad and the screen had mild damage on the bottom.

The phone was delivered in time as specified, in great conditions, unlocked, and all items in box, works fine, and works fine in 3G H+ 850 and 1900 which were the priority for me.Thanks.

product was defective. did not work out of the box. have not been able to get it to turn on. would not recommend this at all!

I purchased this in March and got the wrong item.  It was not new as was claimed, did not have a case, and was not even the correct model. It is now late April and am still getting the run around about a refund and I don't have a BlackBerry.

I cannot tell a difference this 9810 and my 9800. wish I had gotten Samsung  4s Galaxy instead. Blackberry torch also has apps issues.

I got this phone as a gift for my wife, she likes the phone but the battery looses power quickly and has other issues. We may seek a replacement in the future I am not sure.

The phone is excellent. works very well and is a massive improvement over other black berry phones i had in the past. i am extrememly happy with it. the only issue is that it is an at&t phone so some of the online features like pandora, email, etc are tied to at&t so you can not use them. still excellent phone. you will not be disappointed.

And I can not download App World at all. I have tried it several times and nothing worked out. So I find that its a waste of my money.

I was under the impression I was purchasing a brand new unit. After all, this is what I entered when looking for this phone. After receiving the box, which was already open and there were no seals nor plastics covering the screen, I assume it must have been a refurbished unit. If it wasn't for the hassle of a return process and the need I have, I would ask for a full refund.

well i bought this phone to replace my bold 9780, and im really happy about the upgrade i chose, have a great touch screen, keeps quwerty keyboard, record great hd videos. i was expecting better photo shoots.

I was so excited to be part of the new 'touch' technology until I used it. This particular model does truly EAT battery time like it hasn't been fed in years. It didn't help that I received the phone w/a battery that expires in 2/2014! My husband bought the same phone and his battery's expiration was 6/2017! Which explains why my phone kept shutting down and had difficulty re-booting. I'm thinking of investing in a backup charger with a second battery for those days when I'm very busy on this phone. I don't make a lot of calls, it more like my 'second' brain.I'm disabled and I need to keep more info (reminders, alarms, memos, etc.) than your average user. So Blackberry is really the only true cell phone that can handle my needs.At first I thought it was the phone that was dying, then I switched batteries with my husband's cell phone and my phone worked and his stopped! That's when I looked at the "Expiration Date" on the battery, only to discover the big 'expiration time' discrepancy (purchased from the same seller). So, be sure to check the date on your battery BEFORE you start switching phones. My husband had to go buy a new battery ($60) just so I could be kept informed on critical information. (I'll leave a comment on the seller's site about this issue.)Blackberry is truly a great cell phone manufacturer and I've owned several models for the last 10+ years. Having a Desktop App that sync's with Outlook is fantastic and the BACK UP capability is the major reason for getting a Blackberry..., especially if you have a lot of info and need to set multiple alarms, events, reminders, memos, tasks, etc. No other cell phone manufacturer provides this kind of backup/sync capability..., nor do they allow for multiple alarms, etc. (unless you want to pay $400 and up!).I originally gave Blackberry a "2 Star Rating" not just because of the items mentioned above but more importantly because I thought Blackberry was dragging their feet in supporting their full features in the "Pre-Paid" cellular market. All of my previous Blackberry cell phones had been through one of the top wireless carriers and Blackberry supports all it's features if you have a "Post-Paid" account.Since we hardly used the wireless carriers' lowest package terms, we decided to save 50% and go with the same Wireless provider's Pre-Paid department. Blackberry doesn't want to support "Pre-Paid" customers. In fact, they won't support your cell phone unless you are a "Post-Paid" wireless customer! If you need support, expect to pay hundreds of dollars and even then..., Blackberry refuses to allow their best features to work as seamlessly as they do in the "Post-Paid" arena. I'm a very loyal Blackberry customer and I am hoping that Blackberry will step up and be the professional company they have been in the past.Well, I figured out why ALL of this phone's functions/features won't work and I owe a HUGE APOLOGY to Blackberry. It's AT&T; that's blocking this phone from being able to use all the features! Yes. AT&T;! If you want this phone to work 100% then you have to get it thru AT&T; in a "Post-Paid" environment. However, we bought this unlocked phone and activated it through AT&T;'s GO PHONE "Pre-Paid" environment and after all this time of AT&T; telling me it was Blackberry's fault, come to find out..., AT&T; is making a CHOICE NOT TO OFFER ALL FEATURES OF BLACKBERRY CELL PHONES IN THEIR 'PRE-PAID' ACCOUNTS! Not only will they not support ALL features, but AT&T; LIED TO ME for weeks saying it was Blackberry's fault. I've been able to talk to Blackberry Suppoort extensively only to discover they OFFER ALL FEATURES!AT&T; has REFUSED to contact me to discuss this issue! I've escalated to "management"..., only to get their big corporate "run-around"!AT&T; apparently doesn't really want to support SmartPhones. I've now wasted 5 weeks and I have a fantastic phone that is only capable of half of it's features because AT&T; WON'T SUPPORT BLACKBERRY SMARTPHONES!I guess I'll just have to keep harassing AT&T; until this "Step Up" and be the company they say they are!UPDATE:It's been a few days now and I now seem to have a more serious problem with the phone. It's set to automatically turn off at night and turn on before I awaken. However, this past week, I've been awake before the phone turns on and I've noticed that a few times, it goes through the 'RE-BOOT' process before turning on! This is not normal..., it doesn't happen to my husband's Torch 9810. I orginally asked Amazon to take the phone back, then changed my mind as the Battery was DEFECTIVE. Now, it seems the DEFECTIVE BATTERY wasn't the only thing "DEFECTIVE". I'm in the midst of contacting Amazon to see how to work out a return for a DEFECTIVE phone after 30 days. Wish me luck.Bottom Line: I still like the Torch 9810 and will get a new one..., one way or another! I don't think I'll buy from same buyer though (GMDS-Wireless).

My husband needed a new replacement phone for his original Blackberry and decided on this phone after much research. He loves it! It works wonderful, held a long charge over a 4-day weekend. The only downfall was that the 110v USB wall adapter connection plug was bad. The USB cord itself worked; we later found out when we got home. The screen is not overly touchy, the buttons work nicely, it's easily navigable, the keyboard slides perfectly and works great. It came unlocked for a SIM card as promised. No complaints with the phone at all. The only bummer was it couldn't be shipped overseas to an APO address (we are military stationed in Italy). Other than that, we are completely satisfied!

I really do not like this phone, but my girlfriend says that it is ok... so the phone is good!

Item was defective, not a very good experience, tried to restore OS and even had ATT tech look at it, and it was just defective.

I got this phone and noticed it had problem with its trackpad. Was so disappointed, cos I bought it on behalf of a friend, and was to travel with it to Africa in 2 days after it was delivered, so I couldn't return it.

hello good afternoon ... the next is that I have a concern, I have thought you buy the BlackBerry 9810 Torch 4G and I wonder if it is separate GSM is unlocked so I put the line so that we can use in Caracas, Venezuela and in their espesificaciones not itemize if GSM jackson carefully barreto

Excelente!! el pedido llego a mi pa&iacute;s en perfecto estado, el equipo ultra bien de verdad excelente equipo si quieres comprar este BlackBerry no lo pienses 2 veces, te lo recomiendo al 100%, y el tiempo ofrecido por uds fue exacto, los felicito y que sea siempre asi con todos sus clientes. Satisfacci&oacute;n garantizada.

The phone doesn't work fine. I went to Brazil and i couldn't use it, then the seller told me to upgrade the SW. i did it when i return home and next time i went to mexico and it didn't work again. Of course it doesn't work with AT&T; go phone either.To me the unit was refurbished but i paid for a new unit. I feel like i was robbed.On top of that i've requested a refund and i am not getting any answer

I'm flatered with the attention given to me when I had a small problem with the cell phone! To bad nothing could be done! The phone doesn't work in Honduras baaaaaddddd choice Sorry for telling the truth!!

good afternoon am the buyer of blackberry 9810 team which came defectueso me q I can not send a team which has a piece missing inside and was not uncovered in any place q and send it to technical service and the phone is not new reconstuido completely if not abusers and swindlers are going to get this complaint all possible U.S. media porq you are selling me a mobile and new and not so are some dirty scammers

I am using this phone right now to write this review! It is great! The phone itself is in great physical condition, basically brand new! Works great, no complaints!

While it was a 4G it doesn't work on Tmobile, I only get 3G coverage. Battery does not last, I had to buy a $40 battery.

THANKS for timely send. The phone was in good shape and we are happy with the sale. Have a great week.

does this phone work overseas (middle east)Blackberry 9810 Torch 4G, 5MP,8GB,OS 7, WIFI, GPS Unlocked World Smartphone US Version (silver)

very nice mobile phone. good messaging, good call quality, battery is ok, good 4g signal and good camera photo and 720p video (although it could have been optimized to shot in darker places). one thing that is missing is a competitive appstore.

this team does not work well on touch and not recommended for anything.  Not look like a new phone but used

I would love everything about this phone if it had wifi calling!  How disappointing.  I have spent hours on the computer and phone trying to find a solution.  My last conversation was with Blackberry who say wifi calling is not available on unlocked phones.

Goog phone

I paid for a new Product but was shipped a used one. Seller is deceptive. This phone is going back to where it came from!! Do not buy anything "NEW" from Seller! I repeat do not buy anything "NEW" from Seller! You have been warned. The one star rating is for the quick delivery.

I bought this phone for the Mrs. just until she gets her up grade, then she will get a galaxy.

Excelente dispositivo, funciona perfectamente en 3G con todas las operadoras de Venezuela Movilnet, Movistar y Digitel (Version US). Funciona 3G en las Bandas (1, 2 y 8). Lo recomiendo 100%

My husband love his phone and he is enjoying the features. He is also trying to get more familiar with the features of his new phone.

I want to know the technical details of which band GSM phone with working, as my carrier is Movistar Venezuela and works with GSM 1900, that team works with AT & T?

I received the Torch 2 device and check the contents of the package, I've found that the device's battery is not. This means that the device sent me incomplete.How can a device "new" comes without its complete accessories?He had heard people complain about the service known Now Device, but I never thought would happen to me a bad situation to me.Do not recommend at all!

The phone doesn't work at all.

Muy satisfecha con el producto recibido, cumplio con todas las caracteristica descritas en la publicacion de la paginaGracias, no dudaria en comprarle nuevamente

I wanted this black berry to work.  I so wanted to be able to say I had finally replaced the one I  had no desire to look anywhere else but blackberry.  But now have no choice.

I bought it as a gift to someone and the person liking it I guess it did the job it talk about I will recommend it to anyone that like a keypad and touch screen phone

This phone has been my favorite for several years. And don't want to learn any new gadgets when the old one is a treasure and works well. So my choice was to buy another one. And I am delighted with the new phone and it arrived so promptly and exactly as stated. It came with disc which when installed allowed sync of old phone's information and contacts . I cannot believe it is up and connected . And what a beautiful looking phone too. Have to say a big Thanks to this seller. they preformed first class.

todo bien con este dispositivo m&oacute;vil luego de colocarle linea en Venezuela, el tel&eacute;fono siempre esta en H+ , as&iacute; que recomiendo la compra de este equipo.

I paid for a new phone and received a refurbished one with the screen falling apart and half of the features on the handset doesn't function. Contemplating sending it back and getting a FULL refund!

I got this phone from T-Mobile back in Jan.2012. the phone is real fancy very elegant nice features even if you count the lack of applications it is real good locking and functional.after feel months of working flawlessly the phone just would not boot. no one could figure out why either in T-Mobile or blackberry. the phone never got drop or mistreated in any way. it just stop working. since  I have guaranty for year I got a replacement. I thought that was the end of the story since once I. while this things are broken.less than a month ago same thing. one day was OK and suddenly it refused to boot. I got the replacement and I am paying for extra warranty after T-Mobile denied my request for a different model.the second replacement is broken. My company IT person was unable to synchronize my PC with this last blackberry. something that is vital for my business. I will be taking this one too back to phone company. and the one year warranty still in place plus I have to pay extra warranty no matter what.

Sent 2 units back to them, both were used, deceptive marketing...I bought a New Unused , Unlocked Phone and received pre owend and locked.. complete waist of my time and Money

I am unhappy with the purchase. I bought a cell phone as NEW but I had received a REFURBISHED, additionally the cell phone has scratches and the battery is not an original one and is damaged, so I needed to buy another new one.After buying the new battery so the phone can be used I have noticed that the phone is not working properly, it remains on standby in 80% of the time.In conclusion the phone does not comply with what is offered by the seller. I lost my money. I do not recommend this seller.

The speaker on this phone did not work and we had to repair it ourselves as the phone was brought to us overseas.  Otherwise it is a very good phone.

I asked the seller if this was an unlocked (by the manufacturer) phone or if it was unlocked by them.  They told me it was unlocked by the manufacturer.  It is an AT&T phone that was unlocked by them (AT&T logo comes up when booting. )  I have had multiple problems with the phone from the start.  It began with the keyboard freezing, where I had to remove the battery several times prior to it correcting.  As the issue worsened, I finally removed the memory card.  This seemed to correct the issue.  But the charging port was loose after about 1 week of use.  Now the phone does not charge at all and no one will fix it.  I now have to replace this phone, which is NOT inexpensive.  I would not recommend the seller - buy from a reputable dealer, where you can return the phone if it has issues.  Outside of all this, I just viewed the BOLD which has the best of both worlds as well - keyboard and touch screen.  I am going to switch - but I will buy in a store this time.

El celular me llego a tiempo y sin ningun tipo de problemas. Completamente nuevo y funciona bien con Movistar venezuela. Lo recomiendo

The phone is really good, it works great and i got an excellent attendance from those who sold me the item.

In my opinion, this type of cell is made for big men and rustic, I do not like a lot but my friend will charm your Torch. It looks like a child with a new toy, his wife and I gave it I was the intermediary, assigned phone service works great with this phone released. Wine in excellent condition. Until now no complaints.

Ref:  Wireovia (Order: 104-7701319-6357008) I opened the box but did not find the battery in it when I got my BlackBerry Torch 9810 pack today brought by a friend travelling to Pakistan. It had been lying packed in US with a friend waiting to be carried by someone travelling to Pakistan as Amazon does not ship in my country. I opened the seal, but did not find any battery inside. Big disappointment. I think that battery is part of any new BlackBerry handset. All I got from the package is Torch 9810, charger, documentation, CD, earphones and pouch. Can you ship me the battery please.

Excellent phone, pocket size, all essentials, excellent touch screen,  controlabe  with just one hand....I dropped a Z10 and got back to this Torch 9810 that allows creating contact groups which is important to me and is not possible with a Z10

I have been wanting to buy a blackberry item since Thanksgivings.In spite of the rise of the andriods I moved from a palm pilot to a blackberry and it served me well until my blackberry curve died.I selected a 'new' instrument and observed the customer feedback here very carefully. Well I got burned. The phone arrived dirty and stratched up, without  a manual or earpiece.The instrument and charger overheated after charging for less than an hour.I do not know what to expect in terms of performance over time. I am definitely sending this item back.What is it with the suppliers of these blackberries. They are taking your name down big time - Amazon.som

I already had the Blackberry 9800 Torch and this phone met my expectations. This phone is quicker than the 9800.
