
Did not meet expectations.It wasn't what I thought it was. I cannot use it and I would like to return it.

I got the phone on a timely basis, easy to program and connect to service. And the color is beautiful.

works great just like old phone I had would buy another one if and when I break my phone again will replace with the same phone

Phone looks good, works great, no problems.  Bought for son who needed a replacement phone.  Delivered on time.  No issues starting up on Verizon, and best part...NO CONTRACT!  Shopped phone at Verizon, Ebay and other online retailers and chose Azon based on overall deal (i.e. price, shipping, cust serv, etc.).  Satified.  Looking for another now for other son.

Not exactly. Although still working for now, there was evidence if water damage once the battery area was opened when activating

Keys are all scratched up. Looks REALLY ugly, guess it willwork if you NEED it. but other than that its almost better skipping.

I admit. I usually don't like my new cell phones immediately. I need time to bond with them. I usually end up disliking my phone a lot the first week or two, but then get used to the quirks and end up either very happy with it or at least somewhat fondly remember it and its oddities. I usually even form a sort of attachment to my old phones.This phone was the exception.I hated this phone. Not because of the hardware or dropped calls or anything critical like that. The hardware seemed fine. The problem was purely the terrible software and its remarkable amount of inconsistencies and annoyances.* The alarm clock was completely unreliable. On multiple occasions an alarm simply did not go off. I even double-checked the second time it happened just to make sure I didn't have it on silent or that it wasn't on PM when it should have been on AM. It just flat-out did not go off on several occasions. So I couldn't use the phone for an alarm clock or trust it at all, like I had grown accustomed to with other phones.* The text messaging "helps" were horrible. For instance, when you got to the end of a sentence and hit the period key (or any other end of sentence indicator) and then a space about half of the time it would capitalize the next word and half it wouldn't. The problem there is that if you assumed that it didn't when it actually did and hit the shift key you thereby engaged caps lock, and were suddenly shouting at whomever you were writing the message to.* The locking feature was goofy. Sometimes you'd end up having to unlock the phone to answer a call. Not all the time, mind you, but some of the time. And other times the auto-lock wouldn't engage for some reason, so I'd check my phone later and find that it was unlocked and in a menu. Again, it was just inconsistent.* When the keypad was locked, if you pushed the wrong button (any button other than the unlock button) the entire screen would be blocked by a popup screen with a message saying that the phone was locked. This completely blocked the clock. So if you got the phone out of your pocket to see what time it was, you had to wait until the message went away before you could see the time. The thing was that the message was a very small percentage of the actual popup; it was simply bad planning to make it cover the entire screen like that.Those are just the issues that I recall of the top of my head. Everyone else that had one that I've talked to personally disliked it as well. I never heard anyone indifferent or pleased with it; most just wanted to get rid of it as soon as they could. I've read positive reviews online, sure, and I'm sure those people exist, but IRL people? Not one positive review.Honestly, this phone has made me very leery about ever trying any other Samsung phones. If they were this lousy at software engineering, do I really want to trust them with something more advanced?

Bought this phone twice, the second time because it got wet.  There is a recurring issue with the software in the phone duplicating contacts and when you delete the duplicates it also deletes the original.  The carrier has reset the phone twice and we've had the issue with both phones we purchased.  Samsung has got complaints of this on their own support website under community QandA and when I called today the people were nice but unable to find an answer to the problems.  The known problem is 1.5 years old and they still don't have a patch for the problem which tells me they are not concerned with fixing problems in their products.  I would stay away from Samsung products if this is the company they have become.

I purchased this phone for my mother who is 80 years old. She had one before and got used to using it, so it was nice to find another one identical to it as she did not want to learn to use another one.

I ended up getting two of these phones, one for my son and one for my wife. This is a great non data plan phone, thus it still offers great texting features and calling features, but you dont have to pay for DATA PLAN. The screen is nice and big and clear and the phone functions well. Also has bluetooth so you can use wireless headset, and it also has a good music system as well.

Bought this phone used as my son's first phone (12)... providing him the ability to text.  It works out great when he is away from home, and he loves the phone.

I wanted a basic phone for my daughter so I chose the Intensity. However, this particular one has a mind of it's own. There are times it tries to access the internet on its own. There seems to be periodic times where one of the buttons gets stuck and is constantly being automatically pressed but not all the time...it's strange. I did only pay $32 for it...you get what you pay for I guess. I understood buying used that there would be wear and tear but the article said it functioned just fine....not so much.

Got this phone for my husband and he really likes the slide keyboard. Would recommend this phoneto anyone that doesnt want an android.

THIS PHONE SUCKS!!!!!!! THERE ARE NO OTHER WORDS TO DESCRIBE IT. I DON'T KNOW WHAT ELSE TO SAY. RECEPTION, BATTERY LIFE IT ALL JUST SUCKS! o DID I MENTION IT SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!

I like this particular model of the Samsung Intensity phone.  I have an Intensity 3 and do not like it as well as the 2.  Have not had any issues with the buttons.  Works well.  Would recommend this phone for a non data phone.  My son has this phone and I am thinking about purchasing another one for myself.

So 3 months after I got this phone it randomly got stuck on a screen that said Usb download mode, and I have done no damage to it. Even the verizon people didn't know what to do so they gave me a replacement. This phone sucks.

Well the only good thing about this phone is that it does it work.... but not the best job.There is good amount of issues.First thing:It is extremely laggy and slow. When you try opening any thing up whether it is messages or the menu it takes a lot longer than it should. When you try to open a new text it takes around 5-10 seconds.Something else that bothers me is how it randomly turns on or off. I will be in the middle of a conversation and then all the sudden it will be off.This phone also has horrible sound. It is very quiet.When you try to call someone it randomly hangs up. You don't even have to be touching it and this will happen.The camera is decent not that great though.The battery sign is weird. It changes to different bars so you don't really know. For example it sill be at 4 bars then 1 and then go back to 2 then 3 then boom be dead.Overall this phone is very disappointing.

these phones are very good for a basic phone I have reviewed both phones I purchased and I like both

I bought this Sumsung Intensity for my daughter last year as her first "new" cell phone. All the phones she had prior to this phone were used ones passed down to her from family members who upgraded to other phones. She's 11 years old and involved in lots of school activities, sports and other things that often leave her needing a way for her to be able to get a hold of us to let us know when she's done or needs a ride. She uses the phone daily as her alarm clock to wake up for school, and she texts her friends often, so the full keyboard is handy.Within a month of having the phone, she had dropped it on the floor at her grandmothers house and it cracked the screen. Thankfully, it's a smaller one that just on the side, so we can still read the screen well. When I try and navigate through it, I find most of the menus and button layouts a bit of a pain to use. The buttons are so small (and I have extremely small hands) I find the phone difficult to use. To dial a phone number, both she and I have to use the tip of our fingernail to press the buttons down, or else we press more than one button at a time.Reception and battery life are fine, and are comparable to all the other phones we have in the home. The blue color is bright and well liked by my pre-teen daughter. It's recently taken a few hits by some water balloons, and after drying out for a day, it went back to working normally again. Other than the crack in the screen, it's actually held up to a lot of abuse, often being lost in messy bedrooms, tossed around in a backpack and left outside a few times. If the buttons were better, it would be a nicer phone. But with everything being so small, I would say this one is best suited for pre-teens.

I purchased this phone for my 83 yr old mother and it works great with larger slide buttons and easy to figure out.. she is enjoying her phone and we text every day!

bought it for him . He loves it . He is not into smart phones and this one works great for him.

I was overall happy because the price was reasonable although it did take longer than expected to receive.  Also, the bottom right-most key does not work unless you press it multiple times rapidly.  When it does respond, it makes too many of that character.

I received this phone back in 2010 because our two year contract expired. While the phone itself looks cute, it's too short. I find myself having trouble having conversations on it because I either have to hold it at my ear, or my mouth. If it were just two inches longer it would fix that problem.Another thing would be the lock screen. It's really hard to unlock (two buttons in a row), but I have it set to the one button setting. Even on one button, it takes a moment to unlock itself. Opening the phone is faster. And for some reason, the 9 and # key can be pressed on lock...The sound recording is shoddy, and the camera changes anything brown to purple. It's okay, but a lot of my pictures are yellow and purple instead of colorful.The phone itself is horrendously laggy. Texting people can be miserable. I have a friend that texts me a second time while I reply to her, so I have to exit my long text to read it. It then asks if you want to save as a draft, and then it lags some more. Sometimes it saves it for me, even though I didn't want it to. Deleting drafts are just as much as a hassle.The battery lasts me maybe a few days if I'm lucky. My brother has had to get two new batteries -- he texts like 5000 times a month and his phone can't seem to take it.I think the part that annoys me the most about the phone is its dying alert noises. It does way too much to let you know the phone is dying:-the battery bar flashes at the top-it makes a really loud BEEPBEEPBEEP during calls at random intervals-it covers up the main screen and will not go away after you unlock it until you press "ok" (and it lags, of course)-it makes one sound randomly to alert you to its dying, sometimes regardless of sound settings-makes that one sound three times in a row, then shuts off when it finally goesThe phone's backlight turns off and it becomes even more annoying to use. It doesn't seem to be a lot of things, but it builds up quickly. I only need to be alerted once of a phone on low battery. Once it gets down to half battery, I assume that it will be dead before the day is over. I do not even use this phone that much to warrant it dying so much.

Purchased this phone for my little brother for his birthday. I was on the fence about buying a refurbished phone from a seller on amazon but boy was I wrong. The phone did not come in the original box but it looked as if the phone was brand new with the OEM charger as well. This is a basic phone with a full qwerty keyboard and bluetooth, it gets the job done and does not require a data plan.

Had it for two years now, and I absolutely love it. I get an upgrade soon, and I'm definetly going to miss this phone. Easy to text, nice calling, easy to use, GREAT battery life (I once got 7 days out of this phone on one charge!) Incredibly durable! It has survived two years of a teenage girl who has issues with dropping it and falling into rivers with it in her pocket. Never got a replacement. I had a friend kick-drop it across a field onto solid concrete, and it was perfectly fine. The blue is very beautiful and looks nice. AMAZING PHONE! The only down side is the camera. Not gunna lie, it sucks. However, if you are looking for a durable, easy to use, pretty, texting phone, this is a great buy! I would definately reccomend it!

I like this phone it is my second phone. I dropped my first one in the toilet and got this one really fast.I only went like 3-4 days to get this one it was very cool!!!! I also like how it works. Not boring like my other one. I would recommed this phone to anyone who is looking for a vibrent colored, exciting, well working phone.  :)

I ordered the blue but got the black. They went ahead and sent the black without contacting me first to make sure that was what i wanted... I didnt like that I got the black aleady sent to me but kept it anyway to avoid a hassle.

About a week after I got the phone the display on the screen quit working correctly.  The sellers were great though.  I returned the phone and they returned my money in a very timely manner.

This is the best phone I've ever owned.  And the price savings for refurbished phone is really great!  I had read about the problems some were having with &#34;pocket calls&#34; on this phone and I can see where that can be a problem.  I usually carry mine in my hand or put in a purse where it's protected from rubbing on anything.  If I do put it in a pocket, it's only loose side pockets and don't put any thing else in there with it.  Haven't had any trouble.  Texting speed and keyboard are great.  Features are convenient.  Battery holds charge longer than any phone I've had.  All around, this is a great phone!  Love it.  Supplier shipped it right away, and I received within just a few days.  No problems with order or phone so didn't use their customer service.  Would definately use this supplier again and recommend to friends.

So nice to replace my old phone, this phone is brand new and works great with my Verizon plan.  Very fast shipping too.

There are no words to describe what a disaster this phone has been. Missing texts, Missing calls, Texts that show up literally months after they were sent, people telling me they called and heard my phone ringing but without any missed call notice on my end that indicated they had done so. If I was a bit more conspiratorially minded I might suspect that this phone is designed to be terrible so people get frustrated and buy a smart phone with a more expensive plan instead. The bottom line is, please do not buy this phone, it is simply abysmal.

We bought three of these phones 6 months ago and two are dead already. It's a pain to text with these and they constantly freeze. If you text more than one person at a time you can forget about it working. Drop it once and it will crack, even if you have a screen on it. Also the lighting of the pictures is horrible, you can barely tell what it is that you're taking a picture of. Also unlocking the front is tempermental. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. You're better off just opening it up, if that's what I wanted to do I wouldn't have gotten a phone with a keyboard on the front. Worse thing I have ever purchased. DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.

This was a birthday present for my son. He had an old flip phone that was about 3 years old. The Samsung Intensity II was recommended to me by a coworker, who also purchased it for her son. We purchased it with no contract and the set up was very easy. The phone is very reliable. My son loves to text and this phone has a qwerty keyboard that is perfect for that. This is a Verizon phone, so you will need to have a Verizon plan so it will work properly.

My mother is very pleased and happy with the phone.Verizon would not replace her ph when it malfunctioned because she was to new in her new contract even though she has been a customer over 5 yrs.

A replacement phone for my son.  A little less dings would have been great but he's gonna probably lose it anyhow, lol!

It's an OK phone.  But I'm not sure why it is constantly unlocking itself in my purse.  It's very annoying.  So far it hasn't initiated a random call or text...

Can't comment on the phone in and of itself, since even though it IS compatible with SOME pre-paid plans, it is NOT compatible with the UNLIMITED $50 PLAN.  If you want it for that plan, do NOT buy this phone!

I use this phone (or try to) for texting and calling only.  No data. My contract is up in July and I'm sooooo excited about getting a different phone then!  Only seven more months!  Yippee!I havent experienced any problems with the screen, the phone holding a charge, heating up, or any of those other things.  My issues are purely functional.First, there's a big "lag time" between pressing certain keys and the phone's reponse.  Mainly the multi-purpose keys you press for choosing Contacts, or Options, or Message, etc.  They are two keys at the top of the keypad, one on the left, one on the right.  Major pain.  It can sometimes take a full two seconds for the phone to execute the command.  For example, when I press that key to unlock the keypad, it takes so long to unlock the keypad that I push the key again, still nothing, so I press again, thinking I'm not hitting the key square on or something.  Then, all of a sudden, the phone finally "catches up" all my keystrokes, and it instantaneously unlocks the keypad, looks at the text message waiting, and erases it!  No kidding!  I cannot tell you how many hundreds of text messages I have to ask people to resend because of this.  Same thing pressing that key for the contact list.  I think I'm not hitting the key right, then suddenly I'm entering a new contact instead of just looking at the list.  Pain!And you HAVE to lock the keypad, otherwise the thing will pocket dial like mad!  People start to hate you!Also, and this is asolutely the dumbest thing ever -- if you want to use your phone's alarm tool -- hah, definitely do NOT buy this phone.  Get this, if you like to set your ring tone to vibrate while you sleep because -- I know this is crazy, you don't want to get wakened by texts all night long -- your alarm will NOT ring!  That's right, your ALARM will also only vibrate,  no matter what ring tone you have selected for the alarm!  So, if you want an audible alarm in the morning, you MUST be willing to listen to your phone chirp, burp and buzz all night long.  I know, RETARDED!The T9 feature is absolutely schizoid. Changing things to nonsense.  For example, every time I end a sentence with the word "up," it changes "up." to "u7."  Really?  Because that's such a common word, u7.  And if I want to end a sentence "wk." it changes it to "95%" EVERY TIME.  And there are other crazy things like that that make texting a real pain.  I know, I could use the full keyboard, but I cut my teeth on the little keypad, so that's what I prefer.  But MANY times I am FORCED to use the full keyboard or just shoot myself.  Those are the only two options.Those sound like really little things, when basically the phone does make calls, holds a charge, the camera is decent, but I'm telling you, those few things I mentioned are going to make your daily life just a little bit hellish when you're tyring to use this phone.You have been warned.

I have had this phone for three years and it has been working fine. Except for when I accidentaly dropped it in the water TWICE. First I dropped it in the pond then I dropped it in the toilet. I lost a lot of pictures from that but otherwise it works fine. Lots of times its very slow.

I washed my last phone and needed a replacement.  This one works great.  The battery life is also very good.  Would order from you all again.

I bought this brand new in February 2012 from Directbuywireless. The screen died a few days ago--blotches and lines. The local Verizon store said it couldn't be repaired, might be used for parts only. Tried to call Directbuywireless--appears to be a tiny operation, no callback, as she takes emails only. She offered no suggestions whatsoever. Ask about warranties before you buy.VERIZON WIRELESS CELL PHONE SAMSUNG U460 INTENSITY II BLACK PHONE NO CONTRACT REQUIRED IN ORIGINAL BOX WORKS ON VERIZON WIRELESS OR PAGE PLUS NETWORK ONLYVERIZON WIRELESS CELL PHONE SAMSUNG U460 INTENSITY II METALLIC BLUE PHONE NO CONTRACT REQUIRED WORKS ON VERIZON WIRELESS OR PAGE PLUS NETWORK ONLYVERIZON WIRELESS CELL PHONE SAMSUNG U460 INTENSITY II METALLIC BLUE PHONE NO CONTRACT REQUIRED WORKS ON VERIZON WIRELESS OR PAGE PLUS NETWORK ONLY

While delivery took a little longer than we expected the phone was great for my dad who isn't a smart phone kinda guy. It came with some minor cosmetic flaws which were easily covered with a cheap case and it seems to be working great.

This is the worst phone I have ever had.  I upgraded to it about 9 months ago.  The first phone wouldn't hold a charge.  They replaced it and now the second phone will not hold a charge, turns itself off and freezes.  We have 3 of these in the same house and all 3 have the same problems.  Do NOT buy this phone!

Easy to use. Daughter is 11 and texts her gramma and family/friends. I love having her with a phone if she goes to friends house. Slider is great to have. Easy for daughter.

This phone is just what I needed. Full keyboard and easy to use. I've had other phone, including touch screens and a smart phone. This one is perfect for me. The color blue is good too. More metallic and shiny then I was expecting, but still fine.

I owned this phone before and enjoyed using it.  I am not big into all the new technology.  I like my phone simply and easy to use.  Hopefully this phone will last a long time.

I've only had this phone for a few days, but so far I love it.  The plan is only $35/month, and Verizon coverage is much more widespread than my TracFone coverage was.  I love the keyboard.  I have to charge it every day which is new to me, but as long as I can remember that, this was a bargain.  It was also cheaper in the Verizon store than on Amazon, believe it or not.

Phone works great, bought a few months ago so sorry about the late review. Bought thus as a replacement phone for my mom n she likes it. Except somehow somebody stole my card information during thus transaction and made a 10 dollar purchase before my bank found out and closed the account.

I bought this used, so buyer beware. The seller worked with me to set things right, so he was fine, but it was a time critical purchase and I blame myself for doing something as idiotic as buying a replacement phone, used, and over the Internet. Duh!

This phone worked fine for about 2 months and then just wouldn't power on one day. I researched the issue and it is common with this model. Of course it is outside the return window too so I'm just plain out of luck on this one... I would not recommend this phone.

It's a phone, does everything a phone should do.  Certainly not a high end smart phone, but it's exactly what I needed, call, text, don't extend my verizon commitment

I got this phone for my son's birthday at the last minute. The phone works fine, but I was sent the wrong color by the sender. The seller put the phone as the color blue which was my sons favorite color. The phone came and it was black. I didn't not have time to return it to get the right color. My son liked the phone and it works good, but he didn't want black

Bought it refurbished a year ago, it is still working good as new and I've not had any problems with it.  Great phone

I like this phone, I have no need for a smartphone to waste my money on.  Don't need to be in constant contact with the internet and what is going on in the world.  this is a great phone for those who want a simple life with basic phone and text.  Its better than having an old school flip phone.  I want to have a few on hand in case the world of phones decides not to make simple phones anymore which I think would be a shame.

Replaced the same cell phone with this new one due to damage to the old one. Had this type of phone for 2 years so going back to the same make and model was a statement that I was well pleased.

I got it as an upgrade after christmas. It didn't hold charge so they replaced the batery. still didn't hold so they replaced the phone, I asked for one from a DIFFRENT LOT the guy didn't know what number was the lot number so I sugested a DIFFRENT COLOR HE SAID IT WOULD COST ME $30.00 MORE FOR A RESTOCKING FEE. still same problem just took 2 hrs longer to happen, I have been given stories from another guy at that keyosc  that bateries don't hold the charge like they used to.I know thats wrong others aren't having to recharge 3-4 times a day. I took it back to where i bought, it the manager found out the first one was a dud the second one, the guy that transfered the personal info had left it in bluetooth thats what was draining the batery. it seems ok now but i am only giving it a 3 because its harder to use than our old fliptop.ps i found out this same phone has a diffrent name for each company that provides service so if you see what looks like it and has the same features but a diffrent name its the same Samsung phone.

I got this phone and it has several problems.-Worst off, the alarm doesn't work consistently. I have triple checked the alarm was set for a time, the ringers were on, volume was up, etc... and I watched it tick right past the alarm hour without making a sound. I then only adjusted the time (Ie didn't change any volume or tone settings) by 5 minutes or so and it worked.-It often gets unlocked in my pocket and then dials/sends random texts.-Occassionally it gets put into reflash mode in my pocket. I don't know how this happens, but it'd be some matter of button combination and holding down. The problem with that is it won't take calls or texts when in reflash mode.The positive is I like the keyboard on it and the speaker phone works well.

i got this phone about 3 months ago and at first is was a good phone battery lasted 7 days most of the time with regular use but recently the battery has been horrible. It dies every time i hit send on a call or text and when i plug it in it says battery full please unplug then i turn it on and it dies right off the bat. i have never over charged it. i always unplug it when it beeps and says battery full but still it dies. Not just the battery has problems. I noticed that before the battery went bad i would text someone and it would try to get 2 incoming texts at a time then it would turn the screen black and shut down. also it freezes alot if you have more than 20 texts messages in your inbox. ive tried turning off the backlights entirely and used it for a day to see if it would hold a charge and it wont. everyone says buy a new battery but im not going to buy a new battery when i just got it and its not just the battery that has problems. and all my friends that have this phone says theres dies fast they charge theirs every night to compensate but when i ask if theirs is slow too they say yes. deinetly slow especially when texting. but other than that its nice i like how you can text during calls and the infrared camera is useful in the dark. :) till it freezes or dies.

This phone, according to Verizon, did not work. My daughter disposed of the box so I can't send it back.  I will never buy another phone online.

This phone downright sucks! So far i have 26 duplicate contacts that i can't delete. This phone is unbelievably slow.It randomly deletes stuff. The battery life is super short. It turns itself back on after i turn it off. It tries to charge itself when its NOT plugged in. 3 of my friends also have this phone and have those problems too. Oh and the Camera sucks!!!(it also doesn't have video) It takes forever to load picture messages. It has barely any room to store pictures, messages, sounds, or anything. The vibrate is extremely loud not quiet. It is extremely hard to hear on the phone (even on speakerphone :O )  I hate it! The one thing i don't completely hate is the keyboard, it is easy to text with. I would never recommend this phone to anyone. I think it is time to suck it up and buy a smartphone.

Exactly as advertised and works great! Works well with our family plan without having to pay full price for a replacement phone.

This is a great phone to get because have teenagers and they seem to want to lose phones so I got this one until I was able to get another one and it still working then it works great if you little blemishes here and there but works great

This phone is perfect for my needs. I don't quite need a smart phone, but I need all the other 'stuff'. It fits the bill nicely!

I was a bit mislead by the product description.  I was expecting to get a refurbished Samsung Intensity III but instead I received an Intensity II model and it appeared to be used and worn out.  With that aside, the phone is in great working order and I was able to activate it and add it to my current wireless plan.  The only other drawback I have is that I was hoping to import pictures onto the phone via an SD card but it will only let me export pictures that were taken on the phone's camera.

Stopped working within 3 weeks. Had to send it back. Got partial refund because I didn't manage to return it within the 30 days. We've had this exact phone before and liked it (I got this one as a gift for a teen) but the one from this seller didn't work well.

This is the worst cell phone I have ever had, period.  The phone unlocks itself when in your pocket and dials people, the unlock button is on the number pad, slow internet access, crappy keyboard, etc  Can't wait to buy a new phone at full price now because I had a new 2 yr contract when I got it a few months back.$$

Very good deal for the price. Works well and is easy to use. I always hads a flip type phone and this one is very to answer and to view the caller.

For a basic kind of cell phone the Samsung Intensity II is not too bad. In fact I would say it is perfect for the person who is not in the market for a smart phone but just a simple cell phone for calls and texting. The Intensity has a slide out QWERTY keyboard that helps make text messages easy and it is I think the best basic cell phone for someone who does a lot of text messaging like myself. I have had mine for over two years now and it is still in pretty good shape. It has been dropped a few times but it is a sturdy little phone. The only complaints I have with the phone is because it is not a flip top you can find yourself easily without knowing it having buttons on the keypad being pressed if you keep the phone in your pocket. Also while the phone does have a camera it takes ok pictures at best. Not too big a deal for me since I don't take that many pictures but for those who do like to take a lot of pictures wit their phone it could be an issue for you. Still with those complaints I still find this cell phone to be good and would recommend  it to anybody looking for a basic phone.

I upgraded my phone with Verison in March.  I was disappointed by April.  This phone is just terrible.  The lock function is a joke.  The double lock is impossible to get through in a timely manner and the single lock can be undone by the two side buttons on the face of the phone.  As such, my phone has been prone to create ghost texts, calls, and contacts as well as opening up programs that do not need to be open.  The phone is incredibly slow (especially when receiving multiple texts at one time (it drives me crazy!) and freezes frequently.  Furthermore, this phone does not come with a video option (a standard on similar phones...a real downgrade for me) and the picture button on the side of the phone does not work unless the keyboard is open.  The only function that seems to work properly is the Nuance function...unfortunately it turns on at random so your pants blurt out "please say a command" for no apparent reason.STAY AWAY FROM ALL SAMSUNG PRODUCTS!!!!

We needed a phone quickly, for my teen age son.  I didn't want a fancy one, because he is very hard on them.  This is a nice sized phone, good to have the slide out keyboard for him.. it's not real heavy duty, almost felt like nothing to it, but so far is standing up well.  Was clean, and clear so I just had to activate with our Verizon service.

I have been stuck using this phone for around 2 years now because of a contract, and I'm not 100% satisfied with it. There are so many little things that bug me about this phone. For instance, if you are in an area with little to no reception, a box will constantly appear and disappear on screen saying that you are entering or leaving service area. This is very annoying, because when it does this, I can't do anything while it is on the screen.The camera isn't great either. It does okay in well lit areas, but if there is not enough light, the pictures are very grainy and poor quality. Also, it is not possible to take videos, which doesn't make too much sense to me.The phone in itself is lightweight, and the blue is nice, but the blue color chips off very easily if dropped. There is a headphone jack, but it is very small, and I have no idea what kind of headphones plug into it. Also, charging is easy, and you can plug in the USB to your computer. But installing any drivers is a big pain. I still have yet to figure out how to do so.There is also a built in like MP3 player. So when you plug it into your computer you can easily transfer songs. The thing I do not like is that I can't set any of the songs to a ringtone. I have to create my own and send it to my phone. But when I do it this way, the audio quality drops, and it sounds horrible.I would not recommend this phone to anyone. Maybe a 12-13 year old might enjoy it. But you are way better off getting a smartphone.

I bought this phone because I didn't need a data plan (hard to find a phone that doesn't require one), needed a good texting phone (that's the best way to communicate with my kids) and I am touch screen impaired.(My kids don't allow me to touch their touchscreens anymore.) I was a little skeptical because it didn't have great reviews. However my only other choice was the Cosmos-which had horrible reviews. Alot of the Intensity II reviews were for what it is NOT-and guess what? It's NOT a video phone, it's Not a smart phone and it's NOT a touchscreen phone.  It is what it is: a simple texting phone that is a cool color (LOVE the blue) that takes decent pictures and is pretty consistent with calls. It is quirky-but every phone has it's quirks. I'm on my second phone because my first phone overheated-BIG quirk-I was walking across a room and suddenly had a hot pocket. But Verizon replaced phone and battery immediately-no hassle. Most of the quirks people complain about are because they haven't figured out their settings. You CAN disable the auto-lock, you CAN keep it from pocket dialing, you CAN get it to auto-delete old texts and you CAN get it to arrange your texts in a chronological order (not in the sender order mine was defaulted to.)Some cons: limited ringtones-they're kinda tween-ish.)Somewhat short battery life for a basic phone-but it does re-charge really fast. The alarm stopped working-but I just use the calendar alert. Occasionally it drops off the network and I stop receiving texts and calls-I just pull the battery and it's fine. Overall-I'd definitely buy this phone again.

I got this phone at Costco through Verizon. It worked well at first but it is not the best quality. My two kids have it as well and my daughter is ok with it but my son hates it since it cuts off easily. I really don't recommend this phone for this price. It's worth maybe 30 bucks!!

The phone worked beautifully I am very satisfied with it and i will not hesitate to buy another one again.

(DISCLAIMER: I purchased this phone through Verizon, the purpose of this comment is to simply describe the quality of the product)Did not like this phone, from the moment I got it.-TOO SLOW: if you press a key there's a short delay every time, which i found extremely annoying.-FREEZES TOO OFTEN: when ever I try to delete messages my phone either freezes, or the backlight never turns off, either way I end up shutting my phone to get it to work again.-AWFUL PICTURES: in order to take a picture you have to hold the phone etremely still, for a good 5 seconds after you pressed the camera button.-VIBRATES TOO MUCH: this phone vibrates 3 times whenever you receive a txt, which I feel kills the battery faster, and is just unnecessary.Overall it serves all its functions but just not the quality I expected.

My husband and I bought this little phone for our teenage son. We do not feel he needs free access to a data phone just yet, but he wanted to be able to text with his friends. Full keyboard, very easy to use. Absolutely perfect for a non-data phone.

If that is not enough to make you buy this phone then you got another thing coming.  It is blue and shiny, comes with a mediocre camera, and slide out QWERTY keyboard!

This is the best cell phone for Verizon Wireless customers who aren't ready to upgrade to a smartphone at this time.

The headphone is a bit lower than normal and crackly, and the phone has a weird tendency to turn off suddenly for no apparent reason but overall it's a solid working phone. Slight wear and tear but better than expected. The price was right though and you get what you pay for it. Seller was honest in his description of the phone, delivery time was speedy and included a functional charger and seller's personal info in the event that i was unhappy with my purchase. The 3 star rating is definitely more for the phone because of the slight problems but for the seller themselves i'd say 5/5 and will come back to them if i am in need of another phone

I have been using and iPhone for about 5 years. My cell phone bill was getting too expensive and I average less than 5 phone calls and less than 10 texts a month. Didn't see the point in paying for all that when not using it. I have the Kindle Fire HDX to get mobile internet so I needed a regular cell phone for the calls I may need to make. So I researched and decided on this one.Once you get used to a Smart Phone these pull out keyboards are difficulty. Trying to figure out what text messages are from who and who got what is difficult. I actually sent a text to my boss telling her to go apply for a job at a different company (we're nurses and this was a non-nursing job), that was meant for my daughter. Had to explain that one to her boss (LOL).When sending a text you can only use 160 characters (including spaces), and when you receive a text, it only has 160 characters, so if it is a long message you get a lot of texts and when you're trying to text back, receiving a text interrupts your typing. But for the price of the phone and the cell phone service now, and how little I use it to talk or text, it will do.The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because any time something touches a button it comes on. Thank goodness you have to unlock the keypad or who knows what would happen.The battery life on this phone is great. I have left it unplugged for 3 days and still had battery life left. And it doesn't take long to charge - only a few hours if completely drained.UPDATE: (June 2014) Well, this phone died. Not sure if it was the phone or the battery. Went on a trip which took about 2 hours to get to my destination. When I arrived I took out my phone and it was on -- the whole time. I plugged it in to charge. When this phone is fully charged the screen has a message to unplug it. This message never appeared. When I unplugged the phone, it went dead. I plugged it up and it charged. It wouldn't take a charge. I was going to order a battery, which was about $7. I thought about the iPhone I have and checked with Verizon and it is only costing me $10 more a month to use the iPhone, which I'm used to. I am going to keep this phone and if needed in the future will get a battery to see if that's what is wrong with it.

I am happy with the service I recieved from this company.  The phone was new, as advertised, worked great, and was fairly priced.  I would consider this company TRUSTWORTHY.

I bought two phones. One of them work great and the other one not so good. It will just randomly restart or freeze up and you have to pull the battery to restart it. Call quality is good and easy to use.

This phone has done exactly what I wanted it to. I had a smartphone and I hated the bill. I mainly text, so this is the right phone for sure! It was a new product still in the original packaging. It shipped quicky and arrived before expected. I am throughly pleased with this phone. I would definately buy it again!

i love this phone! its good for people who text but dont quite need a smart phone. the only thing missing is taking video, but i can live without it. the phone is used but in very good condition. was very easy to activate, i didnt even need to go to verizon, i just did it online. camera quality isnt the best but its still good. the people i ordered it from shipped it in a timely matter. I ordered it on a sunday and it was here wednesday afternoon. they also answered my questions in a timely matter regarding the phone that i had via email. i would usually here back the same day. they were very helpful. i have no complaints!!
