
This phone is an excellent with the slider concept.  It fits nicely into any pants pocket or purse without leaving a bulge.It works very well and has a crisp sound and it receives signals everywhere I've used it.  I've never had a dead spot with this phone.

If you just need a basic phone, this is the one. Works great every time. If you don't need a 4 G  phone, consider this one.

I think if you want a basic phone, to give and receive calls, this works really well. It's a basic phone, but the kind that I would have loved to own 8 years ago... Light and easy to use. Loud volume. An otherwise all the basic feature for a cell phone. I am not interested in using it as a camera or for files, so this is not an issue for me. I'm using it for a family friend who is staying with us for a while, so this allows us to have some communication during the day. I use T Mobile and the service in my area has been great. But I agree with previous comments, I think it will work only if other phones have good reception in your area.

As a cheap basic pre-phone it's fine.Just be aware that the promo codes in the package I received expired in 2012.  If you search the internet for &#34;Tracfone Promo Codes&#34; you can find other codes so it's not the end of the world.

My only complaint is that it has a internet browsing button that is too easily pressed. I just have to get used to the new button arrangements. I&#34;ll be buying another just like it soon

Needed a more reliable &#34;non-smart&#34; phone from Tracfone, and &#34;downgraded&#34; to this from Tracfone's LG touch-screen model that was just too annoying to keep (especially after it somehow deleted my entire list of contacts and I wasn't about to go through the pain of &#34;reentry&#34; on a touch-screen phone that was a continuous pain.  This simple phone works just fine, and it backs up the contacts.

this phone is perfect for basic cell phone use good quality, better than expected. tracfone offers the best prepaid plans so you can have affordable cell service. this was a great purchase thanks amazonpurchase through shopcelldeals there shipping was fast and no surprises just a great deal I would recommend this phone

The phone works fine, you need to read the Users Guide very closely and you won'thave any issues, thanks Jack Hanks.

WHAT A GOOD PHONE, I WAS SHOCKED I DID NOT KNOW THAT IT WAS A SLIDER PHONE. WOW VERY NICE AND PRETTY. I WILL BUY FROM YOUR AGAIN. WOW SO NICE, THANK YOU.

lost the back of my T330G dropping it while getting in the car at night and never notice the back cover fell off.  Bought this one just for the back cover for the one I had.  Only cost $6.00  how can you beat that??? plus I got an extra battery if it ever comes time to use it and I don't  get another kind.About this one Pro's...love the slide as you can answer with only one hand.Cons...navigation arrows too small when trying to arrow down to next name has a tendency to start calling someone.

For a simple &#34;dumbphone&#34; this guy has everything you could ask for. Stylish looks, good call quality and reception, decent simple camera, intuitive interface, and that fun sliding up feature. Quite satisfying to end a call, or open the keypad. Bought this for my wife, who doesn't use cellphones a lot, but if my (full-keyboard) phone ever breaks, I would strongly consider picking one of these up for myself.We have the Tracfone &#34;Family Value&#34; plan, which ends up costing me about $16/month for both of us, and provides the two of us with service and sufficient minutes for our needs.

Great for my son. So glad to have him off my plan, and its so cool that you get double minutes... so you get the phone for a neck of a deal and basically half price minutes

It's a good basic phone, although it has a number of good features that are beyond basic.  It seems to be SIM-locked and won't work out of the USA, but that's not what I bought it for -- it's an emergency phone and a cost-saving alternative if needed.  Delivery and service were as advertised.

This phone is wonderful.  It has a camera and an mp3 player and also can be used to call people on their telephones.  The tracfone website is easy and simple to use to activate and add minutes,  And if you misplace or run it through the wash, it is cheap enough to just buy another.

I bought this as a first phone for my 11 year old.  It does its job. It's easy to use and understand.  My son loves it.

Ok so I switched from H2O to Tracfone because I was sick of getting collections calls that were NOT for me. I had changed my number multiple times and every time I would get daily collections calls for other people. They were recordings so I couldn't speak to someone to remove my number.So I just activated my phone yesterday and it works great! I'm glad I chose this phone because I've had a samsung slider phone before and loved it. This phone is no different. This phone (in my area) uses AT&T;'s network----yay! This is a GSM phone so it will either be on ATT's network or T-mobile's network for you. AT&T; has great service here. I love how tracfone's phones have the minute balance and service days right on the home screen. How convenient! The only gripe I have with this phone (and I presume ALL tracfone's phones) is you can't change the menu to get rid of the 'browser' menu which takes you directly to the mobile browser. I haven't hit it yet but I know eventually I will (accidentally)... But other than that this is a very well built, solid, great sounding phone. Call quality is clear with minimal issues and I was able to set up voicemail in a snap.This phone only comes with 20 starter minutes and 60 days of service. So you need to buy more minutes either online here at amazon or walmart where you can get direct delivery to your email of the pin code for your minutes to be input into your phone or via online at tracfone's website. This is a double minutes for life phone which means you buy 30 minutes, you get 60. It does NOT double your service days though. Just the minutes. So if you buy 1000 minutes you get 2000 minutes automatically.The phone takes nice clear crisp photos. I was surprised. I expected a tracfone to have a crappy camera. Not this one. This is as good as my last samsung slider. So I'm very pleased. I hope to have this phone for a long time.EDIT: ok the camera sucks. I looked at the pics on my computer and they are very blurry. Too bad. I was in love with this phone, but I guess it's not really all that necessary to have a good camera in a phone. :)

Goal: Stop paying $50/month for overpriced landline phone service by switching to an OBi100 device with free Google Voice AND keep my original landline number.My main purpose for purchasing this phone was to port my landline number to GV. And for that it worked great. (Google won't port landline numbers to GV, only cell numbers.) I activated the phone once it arrived and was given 10 free minutes. I then used Tracfone's website to port my landline number to the cell (free!) This took several days to complete. I then tested that the phone could make and receive calls using my ported number, which it did. After that I used GV to port the number from the cell ($20 fee) which only took 24 hours. End result: I now have FREE home phone service with my original number thanks to an OBi100 device (check it out on Amazon). Bye-bye $50/month phone bill!

If you are looking for a phone to simply send and receive calls on, this is the one for you. At the price it sells for the first thing my husband asked was &#34;is it a real phone?&#34; We use a cell phone when we travel, and don't get into the texting and other apps some phones have, though you certainly could text from this phone if you wanted to. It also takes a very nice picture, a feature I was unaware of when I purchased. Bottom line, if you want a basic phone to send and receive calls and is reliable this is a great deal.

This small phone fits in the palm of your hand and yet it aways gets the signal no matter were you are. I even gets the web.

I am happy with my purchase and would recommend it to every one. I think that Tracfone is a very good product for people who don't use their cell phones as much.  The price was just what my budget allowed, and I don't have a monthly phone bill.

Considering the price, this is a great phone that is simple to use. The only thing is it will launch the browser on its own and burn up minutes.

The phone may be nice, but beware of tracfone's &#34;service&#34;.I have used tracfone for a couple of years for my mother's light-use phone, never requiring anything from tracfone other than additional minutes. Then came the day that I needed to activate a new phone (the old one was damaged) with the old phone number. One week and seven hours on the phone later, no service and they had to send me a new SIM card which would take another week. The phone I had purchased came with a brand new SIM card, but they made a mistake during the activation and now I need a new one. When asked what they would do to compensate me for my time spent in dealing with them, they offered me 10 free minutes. Seriously???

Thank you so much my Son loves is very first cell phone. Knows all the features with in likean hour. GVQIP.

i just love it i have had it for couple of days and i think it is the most neats and coolest phone i have ever bought it just absolutely perfect for me the texting is easy and i just love it

Something is very wrong with this phone that is why they sell it so cheap it worked for maybe 2 weeks and now it blinks BD0204EE google this code and you will see alot of people with complaints on these samsung phones and they have the nerve to recommend on line that you can buy a soft wear for this to fix the problem! see the real problem is because the phone is so cheap past buyers haven't complained they just buy another phone but this wont get a good review from me! You can buy this if you choose but be prepared to have issues later on so don't say you have not be warn! The phone screen comes on blinks the code in red and does nothing else I am gonna eat this loss but if I can prevent one person from buying this phone then I feel I have gotten my money back ( The phone works long enough so the time to complain on amazon runs out scam straight up)! BUYER BEWARE

Nice lil phone and with a Sim card you can transfer all your music  to this lil thing with very lil effort. and by the way plays music pretty loud ,( louder than i expected for sure)

just way too small for my husbands hand. hard to hit the right numbers hard to figure out how to delete the wrong ones

I only have this cell phone for outbound emergency calls when the need arises. I am on the road a lot and often in places where there are few people and fewer phones. Deadly highways demand that you have a communication device with you at all times.This is nothing to write home about, and some of the features are annoying. I hate that the browser key is on the right top. I open the browser by accident because that is where the SEND was on my old phone. Quality is always exceptional though, because the Trac Fone system provides extensive, high-quality coverage at a most affordable price. Plus, for the PRICE, you cannot go wrong.

This was a great little phone while it lasted. Two weeks after owning it, dropped it in water... spent the night in rice, worked perfectly until I was able to get a replacement phone... which was about three months later.

. They have the worst customer service ever!! The representative all claim to be managers. They took minutes from my Phone. If you ever have any issues you will be on the phone with them at LEAST A HOUR and then probably still wont resolve the issue!. TRUST ME. I have had 3 tracfone and safelink. This phone doesn't text as it should either.

brand new in the box cant beat it for the price i paid i will recommend to everyone great product

The  camera lasted 1 day and there was no signal indoors anywhere I took it. Not the best choice with upstate NY weather. I thought Samsung had to be better than my last tracfone - an LG440 that never rang but did let me have vm.

+veLow cost, clear sound, serves the need to talk-veNo option to turn off InternetBrowser button is prone to hit often by mistake.....eating up your minutes

I got triple minutes Samsong T330G in May 2012 with 1500 mintes. Just over one night one day about 1000 minutes gone for no reason. and I rarely used the phone. so I called tracfone, and was told nothing wrong with this phone. I have been with Tracfone for a long time, and I had LG and Mortorola phones before this Samsong phone. never had problem before. as Today Oct 23, 2012, there was more than 500 minutes in the Morning. I received one call during the day which used for about a couple minutes, this after noon about 6:00 pm, the minutes dropped to 217.60 minutes and there are 286 service days left, at the present time I turned it off in order to save the minutes. Any body please advice me what is wrong! Appreciated.I bought this Samsong T330g through QVC(TV marketing) 1 year and triple minutes for life.  I talked to QVC about this problem, they had no answer either.So I think that I have no alternative but stuck with this defect phone.ksl1932@yahoo.comAfter 1/2 year, I figured out the Browser and Camera/Cam buttons are the thieves. when the phone is in the pocket, pouch,or purse, was touched unintentionally, the minutes were wasted away. What I do now is set the Lock  ON, memorize the 4 digit code number in order to UNlock it. (I know that I am dumb).

This model ships with a T-Mobile sim. If you have signal problems with T-Mobile where you live, like I do, then you are out of luck and will have to live with poor and unreliable reception.I have previously had a nightmerish 1-year contract with T-Mobile which I ram from at the very first opportunity due to signal issues. It's no fun having a cell phone that you can not rely on to be able to make or recieve a call during emergencies. The reviews told me that tracfone uses either T-Mobile or ATT and that they will switch the SIM if I have signal issues.It was a mistake on my part to rely on that. I got the phone and immediately noticed the same signal issues that I was oh so familiar with. I called up Tracfone customer service rep. After 54 minutes on the phone, troubleshooting different things, I was informed that "Our system's coverage map shows that you should have 'good' coverage so we won't be able to switch your sim". They, however, kindly offered me to troubleshoot my phone.It's as if anybody is supposed to believe T-Mobile's own coverage map.For the single digit price - I guess an unreliable phone is better than nothing. But beware if you need any sort of signal reliability.

Didn't last very long and it quit working and it's just not a very good phone in the first place!

I purchase it for my mother and the only concern it that the launch button is in a spot that is too convienent to accidently hit. I dod the Tracfone to disconnect this feature and was told since its part of the plan no can do. If someone knows of a way plmk.

It arribed just on time. Just as it was discribe. Double the minutes and it is very easy to use.

Absolutely a fantastic phone and what a deal.  I ordered this phone for my wife to carry around in case of emergencies and to get hold of her.  I was totally amazed when I opened and activated it.  The features on this phone are equivalent to a phone that is in the $19.99 or above (Tracfone deals).  It is so easy to use the keys and the display is bright and easy to read.  I have ordered another one to replace another style of Tracfone in the family as well.  If you are looking for an inexpensive phone, look no further and be assured this one is a keeper.  $4.99 for the phone and $4.99 for priority mail delivery.  I got my last one the very next day.  This is exactly why I shop on Amazon.

$200 coupon book that came with it is/was expired (only good for 2011-2012). I wish it didn't take so many key presses to dial someone in the contact list or speed dial list (forget the name of the second list). With the contact list, 1st you click the menu button then you click to highlight one of the lists.  Then you click buttons to highlight one of the entries. Then you click the highlighted entry.  Then you click dial. The other list takes fewer, but still seems excessive.I haven't tried the other features.

Over 2 hours trying to get a problem regarding a mismatched SIM card identified.  After TWO HOURS and SEVEN reps (and having to start from scratch each time), I'm told they mailed a replacement SIM card YESTERDAY.  Somehow Tracfone discoverd the problem the day before my phone was even activiated.  Now, I'm without a phone for seven days awaiting delivery of the new SIM card because I already ported my number.Trying to save some money just has me hypertensive and phoneless for a week.UPDATE:  now I can't even get the double minutes I was promised at time of purchase.  I would rate this with NEGATIVE stars if I could.

love this phone. its the right size, have multi features ( which i fine hard to believe). an a unheard of price. you cant go wrong.

The best item I've EVER purchased and I buy a LOT of stuff on Amazon. This phone was SO unbelievably cheap for the brand new, sealed in the package w/ double min's for life phone, that I can't even purchase from on the website anymore. I believe the reason is that they are all sold out. Anyways, I can't even describe how happy I am to be able to get this phone for my daughter. She had this exact same one from Tracfone b4 for a short weekend timeframe, but the Ex-husbands new wife/witch drowned it. Needless to say I'm sure, my 10 yr old was heartbroken. I was luckily and happily able to get the exact same one again thanks to this wonderful seller; received it just 3 days ago!-brand new, perfect, & cheaper than the Tracfone provider sells it for as well. Also needless to say the phone wont be going back over there for visitations but I & my daughter are so blessed thanks to this seller. EXCELLENT PURCHASE & EXPERIENCE!!!

I bought this phone for travel purposes. The company claimed it had coverage in Europe and yet when I found myself stranded in the Paris airport, due to a poor shuttle service, I also found myself with no way to communicate. False advertising is the reason I give it such a low rating, that and the number they gave me belonged to some high school student so I keep getting their messages.

Tracfone is unable to give me a local area code, so I am stuck with a phone number from Missouri.  I don't live in that fine state.I work with people who have landline phones.  They can not call me without paying long distance rates.I'm sure the phone itself is fine, but tracfone....well...that's another story. Customer service agents don't speak English well and were rather rude.I guess I now have a $5 mp3 player.  Yay.

I ordered two of this for me and my husband it is a simple phone like what we expected. It looks nice. But my husbands phone didnt work after making 1 call (and this happened the day that it is delivered). But mine is still working well. So I guess it just that one phone that is not working well.. I would still recommend it for those people that just need the basic calling and texting.

the Phone is small cute, and lives up to what its really meant for. There is not much complication in using it. i inserted a micro sd card too to it so that i can hear some songs.

sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bad and not work and its unlocked and i not like it ...so its my bad luck and i hope its back

This product could have been an amazing pocket computer with all of the hardware that samsung packed into it. However, due to arbitrary and unethical restriction on Samsung's part, you cannot install your own Java ME apps on this device, even by using the Internet. Buying games from one vendor is not the only use of Java on cell phones, but on this phone that is all you will be able to do. It may look like a tempting device for developers, but for about the same price you can get a Motorola em326g, which allows any Java ME application of approproate size to be loaded onto it via microSD or Bluetooth. This review considers the phone for what it claims to be- a "feature phone", and in that regard it fails to provide the most important feature. By lower standards, mere telephony does work.

If all you need is occasional basic phone service including text messaging, the Tracfone T330G is perfectly adequate.  Its chief advantage is economy.  There is no contract.  You purchase airtime in advance according to your needs.  Perhaps the most economical option is 60 minutes (doubled) and 90 days for $19.99, which works out to under $7 per month.  Many other options are available.As for additional features, the T330G also has a camera and it comes with Bluetooth capability.  Its main drawback is its telephone-type keypad, which is too frustrating to use for frequent entering of text.  Trying to send a text message is an exercise in patience and frustration.The phone does offer mobile web service, but this feature is so lame as to be nearly useless.  Even if you have a need merely to check your email throughout the day, consider an upgraded cell phone, one with a QWERTY keypad or touchscreen.

Love this product and works well..Thanks I have 1 year service and is cheaper then a cell phone plan.. Great

my friend did like the phone but he is upset because,once again tracfone policy about transferring his number and minutes from one phone to another. he had a different carrier and he wanted to have a monthly plan but tracfone says you have to have a credit card in order to have a monthly plan with them. he still kept the phone but he does not like tracfone policy on the monthly plans.

It is nice phone has a port for a micro SD card, I can listen to music. But the phone only has 10 play lists (10 albums)and plays one song at a time. It is possible to delete play lists and import more music from the memory card just a lot of work, can't get it to play straight from the memory card but for the price it's good. A special adapter for a headphone jack is needed. Sliding open and closed the phone will lock and unlock it thus avoiding hitting the browser button by accident, and wasting money. After further use of this phone I have discovered that the reception is much poorer than any of my previous phones, when making calls.

Bought for my husband who wanted something just simple but a little different.  Just what he wanted and came quickly.

The rating relates to the features and quality relative to the price level of this phone. It is attractive looking, easy to use, and fits just about any pocket. It is not for the heavy phone user who does a lot of texting or web surfing. There is no contract, no obligation. The $20 card that provides 120 minutes in 90 days is fine for my purposes. Any unused minutes carry over. I use mine as an MP3 player; had to buy a special cable to connect ear buds, but it works fine and has nice sound. If you bought this just to use as a music player, it would still be a bargain. Highly recommended for the budget-conscious phone user who just wants to carry a phone in case it's needed and wants to avoid contracts and big monthly bills.

Tracfone is sending me a free replacement, without the double minutes for life of course because this model will not work in my area.  I don't know how to check that ahead of time but since I just needed a cheap phone I'll take the replacement.

I am astonished that some people are complaining about this $7 (postpaid) giveaway. The Samsung T330G is so cheap that it might as well be free. I don't even use it as a phone, except for calling 911, which costs nothing (it doesn't have to be activated to do that.) I use the T330G to record videos, take pictures, record audio, play games, tell time, set an alarm, and do about a thousand other neat tricks. Instructions are sorely lacking for this slick gadget, so learning how to use it can be aggravating. You will need to surf the Net for better instructions than are included. To recap, for $7 postpaid you get an emergency (911) phone, camera, voice recorder, camcorder, game machine, music player, image editor, calendar, alarm, clock, calculator, and many other gizmos built into one. I keep a T330G in each car and have a few laying around the house. BUY IT, IT COSTS A WHOPPING $7 COUNTING SHIPPING! What else can you buy for $7 that is so much fun? This gadget would have cost $10,000 just 15 years ago. Like all cell phones, the Samsung T330G is somewhat fragile, so use care when handling it. I have owned a couple of the units for over a year yet all have tolerated my abuse and none have malfunctioned.

worked likr a charm and arrived on time.I am enjoying my phone and will use it for as long as I can

Didn't work.  Tracfone sent me another one which worked at first, but not after turning off and back on.  I threw it away and gave up.

This is an amazing deal. Phones work great. Saved me a lot of money.This is like getting a phone for free, and just pay for minutes, and keepit active. Can't get better than that.

Can't beat it's performance for the price.Reasonable process to transfer minutes from older phone.The battery seems to have long life also.

I have used Tracfone for a few years now and loved it until I got this phone...The mobile web is the absolute biggest drawback.  It is far too easy to accidentally connect and waste the lovely "double minutes for life" hoax.I know this seems over harsh, but seriously, this made the phone absolutely useless for me!I will not go into full rant, so I will say that aside from that problem the hardware of the phone was very nice for the low price.  In other words, it was slightly better than I expected, but certainly this is still a nice basic phone.So here is the "stars" conclusionTracfone customer service = negative stars...Tracfone service over the past few years = 3 starsSamsung = 2 stars for making a bad deal with TracfoneThis phone = 5 stars for being better than expectedThe overall rating had to suffer simply because a phone is also about the companies service to customers, not just the physical hardware.

it took me a long time to response because i barely be online trying to rate the product. i just purchase because it has great features due to a regular cell phone.

I bought this phone for my son, the only issue is that the advertised 200 dollars in discounted coupons for TracFone minutes are all expired...Why, because the phone is from 2010-2011 so that is why all the coupons expired 2012..So i know it was never used before I am just annoyed that it is not NEW...

Not only did I purchase the phone, but I also purchased the charger! SCORE. This phone is probably the most beautiful piece of electroniks I ever purchased. It even doubles as a hair roller!!! Imagine the waves I got from my BRAND NEW TRAC PHONE!!!!! DOUBLE SCORE.I will start from day one. I opened the box and out of the box this magic appeared. This beautiful, black beauty. One of the popular jocks at school saw me texting on this beaut on day two, and he DUMPED his cheerleader girlfriend for me. Within HOURS all the kids at school wanted to know where I bought my AMAZING TRACPhone! The nerds had bought them by day three and re-wired them to hook into the announcement podium. You could only imagine the fun we had on day four. We yelled at teachers and talked about how stupid Stacy Deen's hair looked when she attempted to make "TRACPhone Waves" (Patent Pending.)By day five I was the most popular girl in my high school and everybody had TRACPhones. I recently dip-dyed mine in pure gold so it would stand out from everybody else's. It only sometimes works now, but TOTES WORTH IT!!!!!Today is day ten, and I can never repay Samsung on how popular the TRACPhone made me! I know I will never amount to anything after high school, but at least everybody's talking about me (and my hair) right now!THANKS TRACPHONE!

Works great with more sensitivity bars than any phone i have had to date., Ringing volume also louder than any other I have had.

What a waste of plastic- only one star because I had to. Physically, the phone was a good idea, but the sound while calling is cheesy, and you will absolutely hate trying to text on it. It has now been turned into a "my first camera" for my 7 year old. Tracfone has a great reman T404g qwerty on sale for $29 triple minutes plus 60 minute card. I bought three and love them!

this is my very first cell phone and i love it for it makes me feel comfortable no matter where i am for i have at a moments touch.

These cell phones are nice for those of ou who do not want to be stuck with a contract. The phones themselves are very well built.

I got this Tracfone Samsung T330G with Double Minutes for Life! for $4.99 and it was a GREAT purchase!  Just a simple phone to use when necessary and not cry over if lost.

Very poor phone and constant issues with strange callers and poor design.  I would never by one again! Thank you

This phone is bought for short money. It costs me about eighty bucks a year to keep it going. Granted I do not talk too much or text. It's basically a dumb phone, it works great, has options like a camera too. Never use it or hardly text. If one needs a basic phone, no contract, pay as you go phone this is it. If you bust it, lose it or if it stops working. It will not be the end of the world. Smart phones are great if you need one. But usually you're tied into a two year contract. Bottom line, if you like dumb phones, this is great. If not get a Iphone, galaxy 3, etc.

I like this phone. I hate this phone.Pros:- Battery lasts for 3 - 5 days with light use.- I've dropped this thing like 20 times on concrete, tile, you name it. The battery cover and battery go flying. I put it all back together, and it works fine.- Almost-free price, with double minutes forever. I make maybe a few calls every couple of days, and just put a $20 refill in every few months. As close to free phone service as I've ever had.Cons:- Virtually every surface of the phone is a button, so I'm constantly pushing the wrong button just by pulling it out of my pocket. I've hung up on several calls this way. Seriously, Samsung, did you even test this design before shipping it?- Kind of slippery, so it's hard to slide open when wearing gloves or with damp hands.- Call quality is so-so.- Camera is pretty terrible. And a pain to use. Better than nothing, barely.- Like all cell phones and smart phones I've ever owned, the battery tends to die just before I really really need to use it.- Ugly little spud. Uglier in real life than in the picture.
