
The phone is slick and light. The keys are beautifully and practically laid out making it a breeze to type on. Screen resolution is great and easy on the eyes. The feel and weight took some getting used to coming from a heavier and bulkier Bold 9700. I might very well have to put it in a case to give me the illusion that I am actually holding a phone in my hand. The one criticism I have, and its a major one, is the battery life. It sucks!!! Coming from the Bold 9700 where I could get up to three days of light to moderate use, its a hard pill to swallow having to charge the 9360 almost daily. Hugely disappointed with this and that is why I say it could have been great. I hope RIM will announce an upgraded battery for this phone or an updated OS that isn't as power hungry. All in all, fairly decent.

Muy buen equipo, de lo mas novedoso, actual, rapido, hasta con estuche me lo enviaron. lo recomiendo 100%. Muy buen equipo

I am very happy with the product. What could change in Ecuador. It works great. The features are as described in the web

Excelente compra el producto vino como lo ofrecia el vendedor. Lo recomiendo todo excelente desde venezuela. El cel esta desbloqueado y funciona correctamente

i was expecting another thing about this phone. i don't like that much it is no faster that i thinking about . its very slow sometimes and i need to reset it everytime.

Would this phone worok with movistar venezuela?I'd like to buy one but I want to know if it would work

solo estubo funcionando por 12  d&iacute;as y se  bloqueo totalmente  fue  re-programado y  despu&eacute;s  de una  semana dejaron de funcionar las teclas lo lleve  nuevamente a revicion y fui informado que el m&oacute;dulo de las teclas estaba malo.. no lo recomiendo

equipo nuevo y en perfectas condiciones, sirve en 3G para movistar y movilnet, muy buena compra. todos los accesorios estaban sellados.

I want to know if this cell phone works with the bands 3G 850/1900/2100, and if it function in venezuela with movistar and movilnet..wait your answer.

la compra del articulo fue rapida al igual que la entrega por parte del vendedor el articulo es excelente.los recomiendo

gracias llego en el tiempo estabecido proto el envio del equipo y complacida por la compra gracias el empaque perfecto

lo recomiendo (spanith) excelente vendedor se puede comprar con confianza, dejame ver que mas puedo decir para completar la 20 palabras

I bought this because AT&T stopped selling these, why does the email not work?!!! The whole reason I bought this was to replace my old similar version that broke! Wtf! I'm located in NYC. This blows

Buenas tardes, estoy interesado en el Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked, y quiero saber si esta disponible en AT&T; branded (1,2,5,6) para MOVILNET, para que al comprarlo me lo envien con esas especificaciones.Greetings, im interested in the Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked, I want to know if its avaliable on AT&T; branded(1,2,5,6) for MOVILNET, because I want you to send me the phone with those specifications.

Phone got here in way less time than it was supposed to. Works great on the TMobile network, and is TRULY unlocked. Good salesman too! Called to make sure my product came in and was exactly what I needed.

I wanted to buy a new product, the quality unused blackberry are not new housings also have original factory not, really is not what it says on the details of the product, nor bring the latest version of software I touch update to add Spanish language, at the time I had to send a change a cell housing was loose since. in my country is called scam.

I always liked all the features from this phone, i highly recommend it, it arrived on time and didn't have any problem with it

I am satisfied with the phone, is comfortable easy to use, and certainly the heated back a bit, but not to burn as many say.In Venezuela Movistar 3G works fine with AT & T unlocked.

Blackberry 9360 Curve BALLET PINK is an excellent Valentine's day gift.Blackberry 9360 Curve BALLET PINK Factory Unlocked GSM HSPA OEM

Hi! I would like to know if you have availability for the AT&T; Version of the phone?I live in Venezuela and I use a network compatible with this phone version.Thanks!Lucy

excellent product, i recommend it .. . .. . .. .. . . . . . . . . .

this was a good investment, because it's price was fair with the product. you should buy one. this item is in excellent conditions(it is new), and it doesnt comes with any damages or skin scratches.

THE SIDING HAS ALREADY COME OFF, IT FREEZES ON A CONSTANT BASIS. IT ALSO FOR NO REASON SHUTS EVERYDAY. I WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANOTHER BLACKBERRY PHONE. ALTHOUGH I LOVE BLACKBERRIES AS A FRUIT.

Send it at time, with all things I requested, great phone, I wanted a change instead of Iphone I bougth this one and i don't regret it.

thanks for the product Blackberry 9360 is good commend them for their work one hundred percent recommended amazon happy day greetings

El tel&eacute;fono llego en buen estado y con todos sus accesorios, lo &uacute;nico es que no funciona el 3g con Digitel Venezuela, deber&iacute;an colocar mas informaci&oacute;n en cuanto a las bandas con las que operan.The phone arrived in good condition and with all accessories, only thing is it does not work on 3g with Digitel Venezuela, should put more information about the bands that operate.

Granted things break but this company provides a phone number that just goes to an ext with a full voice mailbox. i cant even get an answer about a warranty exisiting nevermind resolution. never will i purchase through hp electronics again.

Buenas tardes, estoy interesada en el Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked, y quiero saber si esta disponible en AT&T branded (1,2,5,6) for MOVISTAR & MOVILNET, para que al comprarlo me lo envien con esas especificaciones.

The phone is branded t-mobile is not an oem product. at least in my case I use the network services movistar in Venezuela does not work with 3G servicesshould be required to place in the description of the phone if it is oem, at & t, t-mobile so the buyer could make a better choice and not feel unhappy when they receive a product that notwanted in my case I live in Venezuela and I can not return the phone to the seller

I got this for my son, he still is using it. I think he still likes it too. Thank You.

SIMS card does not come with phonecharger is for Europe, not the United StatesInstructions are in GermanI guess I expected more for $300

Hi good afternoon ... I want to make a purchase of this equipment but need to know if this release for 3 lines here in Venezuela ... I use digitel but just want it for the 3 lines ... I await your response as soon as possible ...

"The phone arrived without key Blackberry software loaded and the touch pad appears to be indented. I've attempted to contact CL using ref. no in the heading - they've replied to send them the order number.... it's a holiday weekend. Stay tuned."The BB World programming software was not loaded and does not appear to be downloadable according to my carrier. The touch pad is depressed below the top of the cover, making it less effective to use - could be a defective phone - working with the folks at Cell Lounge to exchange - for a fully functional model I hope.  UPDATE - Cell Lounge called me and is arranging to have phone exchanged for replacement. New phone arrived over night service at no extra cost to me. The physical condition of this phone appears good - touch pad is not defective on this one - and even though I still had to find a way to download the BB World app, (apparently on universal type phones such as these available aftermarket), it's possible not to have them all loaded. T Mobile was able to connect me with a BB specialist who was able to walk me through the process so I could get it on the phone and synced to my table. yay! Thank you Cynthia for your kind help and excellent follow up!

I really like the phone but i'm having problem  navagating thur the phone due to there is a pass code on some of the features. I really would like to have the pass code to the full affect of the phone.

I highly recomend this cel phone. It's light and flat so it's very easy to carry on your pockets. The 3G connection really makes a difference. I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase :)

This is a good product in general however the system is slow sometime and you can't get several program running at the same time.

Very good phone, great value in a good deal I think, very good camera, the keyboard is very comfortable and fast charge applications,100% recommended. I bought it from Venezuela, for Digitel to buy the T-mobile version and to movistar / Movilnet buy the AT&T version.

it was a good purchase, mi wife had this cellphone by eigth months and this worked well until mi wife decide change to android phone.

Phone was delevered in date, came with the right 3G bands (1,2,5,6) and make sure to upgrade to the 7.1 BB OS, as soon as you get it. on the 7.0 Os the battery won't last more than 5 hours but with the 7.1 OS it last all day.

Hola El equipo llego en excelentes condiciones con todos sus accesorios. Lo recomiendo totalmente. no duden en comprar este producto. Muchas Gracias al proveedor.

Excelente producto, telefono ultraliviano, pr&aacute;ctico y vers&aacute;til.Uno de los pocos modelos que sigue gustando mucho en el mercado.Lo recomiendo

Recomiendo este equipo es muy bueno 3g la camara toma fotos excelente buena capacidad a pesar de que los BB van en picada este equipo es muy bueno

Considering that it is a blackberry it is great for the price!!Size is perfectBattery is not so good

the phone works perfectly and apparently is new as it says in the publication but brought a small defect in its housing. is a small opening on one side. sorry for my english, im from venezuela...

i couldn't believe in that. it doesn't matter if you're connected to the net through WiFi or not, unless you don't have a special blackberry data plan for this unlocked device you can't even setup an email account. i could get this phone for FREE with plan i HAD to purchase just to use as simple thing as email. why nobody mentioned this important future in their reviews???by the way, for those who experience problems with blackberry battery life, just remove those facebook tweeters and other social network guys, and you battery will be back to life.

very good phone and nice price.. it's similar to the blackberry bold 9790, it have little diferences but still being a good phone

Very good this team cellVery good no problems sendingI keep still and is excellentrecommendI have no complaints about this product, only when I'm connected to the internet tends to warm up a bit

all ok excellent no problems . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . .

THE BOX LOOK LIKE SOMETHING GENERIC AND THERE IS NO CLOSED IN PLASTIC FILM, THE BATERY DO NOT HAVE A LONGER DURATION.

el equipo muy bueno me llego super rapido y cumple con todas las caracteristicas que rece&ntilde;aba la venta gracias por sus servios

As I choose to be At & t? rather it is T-mobile ?Como escogo que sea At&t; ? y no que sea T-mobile

El telefono me llego malo, solo mantiene cargada la bateria 3 horas, compre otra bateria y el problema persiste, por favor necesito me reintegre mi dinero. soy de venezuela y no me es posible realizar la devolucion, una amiga que viajo a florida fue la que me hizo el favor de traermelo, necesito me devuelvan mi dinero el telefono no sirve para nada

buy this item thinking it would serve with 3G signal in Venezuela with all operators, the case was only served in 3G for the company DIGITEL. and I am extremely disappointed, I wanted to use it with Movistar Venezuela.

En super buen estado! Y el equipo con todas las caracteristicas requeridas! I just love it! I recomend this store

I received this phone as expected (time and accessories). I had some problems with the battery but after some updates, it works fine- one day(not excellent). Overall this is a good phone for the price with basic features (document,spreadsheet,presentation) and some others pretty cool stuff. I love it!

i love it. it is wonderfull. it work very good here. with movilnet band. it is excelllent. i recommend it.

I ask for two blackberry 9360 with AT&T 3G bands and I got them in movistar boxes which was ok because I live in Venezuela and that's the exact same carrier I use here, other than that the phones are perfect and I like them very much.

HELLO GOOD NIGHT WAS TO NOTIFY YOU NEED AT & T for telephone MOVISTAR VENEZUELA, PLEASE DO NOT SEND OTHER BRAND AND THAT ONLY WORKS 3G with that mark, the other thing I need is immediate despatch PRODUCT AND PAID A SHIPPING PRIME FOR EMERGENCY PLEASE DO THE SAME ANSWER ANY THANKS

5 stars because i got it in a short time and in good conditions this shop is great and other things

EST0Y MUY M0LESTA C0N ESTA C0MPRA ESTE TELEF0N0 N0 ES DE CHIP P0R L0 TANT0 NINGUNA EMPRESA DE TELEF0NIA LE C0L0CA LINEA, EST0 SIGNIFICA QUE PERDI MI DINER0 0 USTEDES TIENEN ALGUNA S0LUCI0N PARA MI PR0BLEMA?

lo bueno: fue mi primera experiencia con un blakberryLo malo: es que la version que compre fue el de perla y se tranca mucho no es muy practico al final

brother I need the cell operates with the band T-mobile that is compatible with my phone operator here in Venezuela, you will have? to buy it please

tengo mas de un mes esperando elenvio y nada.... a estas alturas no tengo ninguna informacion de cual es el estado del paquete..... me parece que ya ha pasado el tiempo suficiente para haberlo recibido.. gracias....

Excellent produto. Fast, comfortable, with multiple applications. simple to operate. It was much more than expected but unfortunately was a victim of the underworld and stole my phone

I want to buy the blackberry 9360 but at&t; branded that is the one who work for me, i live in Venezuela and my operator use the 3g bands as at&t;Please tell me if you have this model in stock and how can i make sure that you will send me this model.thanks a lot

Good evening  friend, excuse, cellular this one present bands 3G 1,2,5,6?.. Or if he presents different which are?.. I am interested in buying it but I need to know this detail

Good Morning,I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THE STORE AND THE PRODUCT AS A VENEZUELA SENT ME A PHONE THAT NO CHARGE, THIS IS WHY I'M THE QUALIFYING WITH 1 (ONE) STAR, BECAUSE IF WITHIN THE WAY TO QUALIFY THE LINES exist: BAD OR VERY BAD AT THE LAST qualify.I THINK ONE OF YOU IRRESPONSIBILITY THAT PLAY THIS WAY WITH FEELINGS OF CUSTOMERS, HOW IS POSSIBLE TO SEND A DEFECTIVE PRODUCT TO ANOTHER COUNTRY?. THAT DOES NOT LOOK HERE IN MY COUNTRY VENEZUELA.IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO PROVIDE SERVICE AS BEING CLOSE THAT SHOULD OF LOCAL.SINCE I RECEIVED THE PRODUCT HAD STAYED IN BOX STORAGE, AND WHEN I AM GOING TO BUY THE LINE, I REALIZE THAT SERVES NO CHARGE PORT PHONE. LE CHARGER IS LOOSE AND NOT ALLOW THE LOAD.I HOPE THAT MANY CUSTOMERS READ THIS INFORMATION, AND SEE WHAT I STEP TO ME THAT CAN HAPPEN TO THEM ALSO.Scammers.

Good bye Bell,  hello freedom 65I easily hooked up the unlocked 9360, kept my house number, with Koodo and the phone works great.Lots of apps and very easy to operate all the extras that come on the phone.Works off my wifi to allow me to read my mail anywhere in the house.This phone is very smart and what a difference from my previous one.

when the phone came the key pad keeps going down now the customer is complain with all kinds of problems. when its not good don't sell please. am so dissappointed

lo recomiendo a funcionado muy bien aqu&iacute; en Venezuela conforme a lo que se hab&iacute;a comprado no presento ning&uacute;n inconveniente

Shiping perfect! Real fast! The phone works just great! so much better than the older version. Total conectivity twitter, facebook, BBMessenger.

it's thin design is very cool but while you're using the phone it over heats. The software is also kind of slow sometimes even after cleaning the memory.

Recently upgraded my old blackberry to this 9360. The decision came down to comparing the 9360 to the Bold series. In the end, the keyboard and features made the difference.  I purchased from BLUTEKUSA, which at the time was prime shipping eligible.  Product was delivered on time as described.

I received the product without problem and as expected. All in good condition and fast delivery. I recommend the product to the entire community. Greetings.

Blackberry Curve 9360 UnlockedI need a Unlocked Quad-Band GSM cell phone compatible with 850/900/1800 GSM and 2100/1900/850/800 MHz 3G frequencies plus GPRS/EDGE capabilities

Soy de Venezuela y el paquete llego vaci&oacute;. La empresa que contrate me repuso el dinero en bolivares, as&iacute; que perd&iacute; mi cupo de dolares y el tiempo.*Pendientes cuando compren un articulo por el que tengan que pagar impuestos, puede que se lo roben en el trayecto.

This item is an unlocked TMOBILE blackberry curve. It does not work on AT&T; 3G. DOES NOT WORK ON AT&T; 3G.The listing gives you the impression that it will, but it is curiously silent where the frequencies are concerned.don't buy this unless you are NOT on AT&T;, and you know what frequency your carrier uses for 3G.Otherwise, the phone is decent. your standard low budget feature phone

Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked Quad-Band 3G GSM Phone with 5MP Camera, QWERTY Keyboard, GPS and Wi-Fi - US Warranty - BlackTIENEN  EL MODELO COMPATIBLE  CON AT&T; PARA USARLO EN VENEZUELA CON MOVISTAR

power full functionality

excelente producto!!! muchas gracias!!! recomendado 100% en buenas condiciones, nuevo de paquete sin ningun problema!  liberado para cualquier linea de venezuela!!

Estoy emocionada con mi tel&eacute;fono se los recomiendo f&aacute;cil de usar, liviano, toma las fotos con mucha nitidez, es un excente tel&eacute;fono, y eleg&iacute; esta clasificaci&oacute;n porque estoy enamorada de mi tel&eacute;fono

Hi i want to know if this phone works with band 2 = 1900Mhz? am really interested in this product but i have to be sure about if it works with this band

I bought this blackberry and it works very good. It has minor scratches barely noticeable. Overall it works as a new blackberry and has no problems.

Un telefono completo, para el uso de cualquier persona, lastima que la bateria sea tan peque&ntilde;a, son ATT totalmente nuevos.

El art&iacute;culo me lleg&oacute; a la puerta de mi casa en Venezuela totalmente nuevo, y en perfectas condiciones, vendedor muy serio y muy responsable.

Blackberry Curve 9360 UnlockedI ordered a Blackberry Curve 9360. I could not wait until I get it. However when I received it and opened it I was really upset. The phone did not come with the covering for back and the microSD Card was also missing. The head set that comes with it, is cheap and its not even the blackberry brand head set.Do not buy from this company. They are a waste of time.

Great device IF you need to have a blackberry. I needed BBM. Works great, though every single other app is way better on iOS or Android.

no estoy satisfecho con la compra del producto trajo fallas orita lo tengo en reparacion porque se me apago y no quiere prender

The phone had many problems with the battery and the software, pay a blackberry tecnigo to fix it, but spend a lot of money, it's unfortunate what happened to me as if a phone should not have been released have these drawbacks. Victor Borjas, caracas Venezuela, Phone 0416-910-98-09

El producto a mitad de envi&oacute; fue devuelto, por no ser de bandas 1,2,5,6, la devoluci&oacute;n se realizo a petici&oacute;n m&iacute;a, no especifican las bandas del producto lo hicieron cuando ya hab&iacute;an enviado por eso la devoluci&oacute;n, en cuanto a la empresa fueron responsables en cuanto al reintegro de mi dinero.

This is an awesome little phone and I have had 2 androids previously.  I found Android to be full of bugs that hindered its use.  Both of the phones I had previously (LG G1 and Samsung Exhibit II 4G) had countless software problems, most importantly horrible power management that required me to leave the screen on the lowest level just to make it through the day.I think of this Blackberry as kind of like a convertible, it's a neat little phone but you may need a larger tablet type phone or device depending on what you are trying to do.Pros:- Easy to use, terrific for email, the keyboard is essential for me.  I was making embarrassing mistakes on Google's "swype" which functions extremely poorly.  I find the keyboard the best and most accurate of any device.- I like the way you can click on a contact and see all emails, texts, phone calls, all at once.- The calendar is so nice and easy to use- Battery (like all Blackberries, the battery lasts 2 days).  You do need to update the phone software to 7.1 however.- Maps works better and faster than the Android map program, which seems to stall endlessly and is slow as a snail.Cons:-  The app store:  it's OK but the apps are definitely not as good and there are not as many as the iPhone.  Android is starting to get better apps, but Android's horrendous power management will suck any joy out of using any application.- Small screen size- Internet browser not as good as iPhone, Android.So it depends what you value.  This is a fun device, very small and thin, and gives you the full Blackberry email with an excellent keyboard.

I bought this mobil to my Mon! It is beautiful and very light the only one I dont like is that some keys (of right side of the keyboard) are a little bit crushed and for this is to write...On the other hand, the mobil works good!!

funciona de lo mejor  me lo traje para venezuela y funciona muy bien con movilnet practico funcional delgado y muy bonito

buy 2 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9360 ... Thoroughly check the specifications before you buy. to lift Venezuela Movistar 3G signal, and when I arrived it turned out that no use for 3G, these phones are for other phone company ...... besides this one came with case and the other not, .... one came with standard wall charger and the other with European wall charger .. very bad

For those with experience with Blackberrys then you will appreciate the necessary additions and upgrades.  However, if you are unfamilar to the product (or haven't used it in a while like me), it def a phone to get used to.I didn't like that you need a BB data plan to access certain features like apps, bb protect, fb, twitter.  But if you don't have a data plan you can always connect to a WiFi network and use the general browser.Another thing that I do not like about the phone is that the battery life is absolute shite.  Im going to have to buy a bb battery extender in order to use this phone for longer than a day.Otherwise, sleek look, portable, beautiful layout (sometimes confusing) and wide customization you can do

soy de venezuela le compre el blckberry 9360 a la empresa blutekusa este no levanta 3g con operadoras movilnet ni movistar ya q el vendedor lo envio tmobile y solo sirve el 3g con digitel, el vendedor no especifica el tipo de bandas

Very good the product, I recommend it widely, persons in charge. All good. The cellular one has everything indicated. very  good

durante estos meses de uso puedo decir ya con seguridad que me salio bueno y nuevo. les recomiendo a este vendedor.

[[ASIN:B005S0DB9Y Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked]GOOD AFTERNOON, GREETINGS. I HAVE A CONSULTATION TO YOU.WRITE YOU FROM CARACAS, VENEZUELA. I WILL PURCHASE OF A MODEL BLACKBERRY MOBILE PHONE 9360. IN ORDER TO USE THE SERVICES OF THE BANDS 3G MOBILE OPERATOR MY CALLS ME THE BANDS 1.2,5 and 6. CONSULTATION IS AVAILABLE IF YOU HAVE FOR SALE PHONE MODEL WITH THOSE INDICATED THAT BAND DISCHARGED. THANK YOUR ANSWER AS SOON AS POSSIBLE TO PROCESS THE PURCHASE AND POSITIVELY IT TO QUALIFY.GREETINGS FROM VENEZUELA. THANKS.

Finally got my package and when i opened it i was presented with a white box labelled movistar with a blackberry sticker on one side. I have purchased several blackberry phones before and never have they been packaged in this manner - as everyone must know by now they come in a black box. The headset does not appear to be an original either. To make matters worse all the documentation included in the box is in spanish which was more than a little irritating. I have only had the phone for a few hours but other than what i mentioned above it seems to be fine. I am actually liking the phone more than expected. Good buy for the money - just concerned about whether or not i was given an original product or some sub-stardard version.

Producto de excelente calidad. Fue lo ofrecido por el vendedor, gracias por la atenci&oacute;n y el servicio se les recomienda ampliamente

muy contenta el celular funciona muy bien es bello delgado como me gustan todo fue rapido el vendedor cumplio gracias

The item was'nt only refurbished, it's a pre owned product and refurbished and I wasn 't told about it..Any way it works fine.

hi, i will like to know if the cellphone comes with warranty and if i can select the t-mobile because i need it for digitel in Venezuela. thx

pedi un telefono curve 9360 y segun las especificaciones no me funciona con lo acordado q es con 3GY me siento muy decepcionada ya q tengo movistar y no me funciona con esta operadora....sean serios y manden el producto como se especifica segun ustedes.. para q no exista este tipo de inconveniente ya q les causa molestias y tambien al cliente....

Perfectly! It work absolutelly goodBody is slim and sleek, nice lines and curves. It easily fits in the pocket.

After 2 weeks waiting, the blackberry curve is arrive here in Indonesia, and Im surprise with the thin size. Its very thin compare to gemini. The blackberry can operate directly after I insert the gsm sim card.

Not a good phone I've had it less than a month and it sticks all the time.. Battery is very weak

It was an excellent deal and great experience to me. I will recommend your services due to their availability and  high quality standard

Hello, I'm from Venezuela and the product is excellent, to Digitel 3G (T movile) brand new, 100% recommend reliable product

Good Afternoon,You will have in stock before buying, for Venezuela 3g bands (Band 8 = 900 MHZ) for Digitel, if you need to know before you buy

Yo soy de Venezuela y el tel&eacute;fono lleg&oacute; casi a los dos meses. Lamentablemente el vendedor no afirma que el celular viene en T-MOVILE y por lo tanto s&oacute;lo sirve el 3G en mi pa&iacute;s en la red Digitel. En Movistar y Movilnet no y bueno yo uso la &uacute;ltima.

Puedo decir que el producto es muy bueno y la atenci&oacute;n del vendedor muy recomendada. Estoy muy satisfecha con el producto. Tengo buena recepci&oacute;n y se&ntilde;al en todas partes.

Unblocked, no problem, nice to use, fast, but i ended up getting an iphone at the end tired of bb

Excellent purchase, we recommend the company for future purchases, serious and responsible. The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9360 QWERTY also known as javelin or two Black good product, it works fine, came with all accessories, good operating system. the product was delivered on the dates specified during purchase. 3G bands 2100 and 850 no 1900 band rest all good, the battery works well, the connection by wi-fi works well. operating 100%serve any concerns or suggestions as quickly as the case

I like this product, just my battery have not long life, I don't know if it's is damaged. But I recomend this phone

El equipo es muy bueno, rapido y eficiente llego en buen estado y muy rapido,me encanta el equipo lo recomiendo.

What 3G bands used this phone?, im from Venezuela and i need a blackberry with 3G Bands 1,2,5,6 or 850Mhz/1900Mhz/2100Mhz

Buenas tardes, el producto es de muy buena calidad, llego a Venezuela en excelente condiciones en la caja original incluyendo todos los accesorios. Muchas gracias!!!

I'm really pleased to have purchased the equipment with you, the attention is very friendly and soon, the service provided is top quality ... and for the product purchased is reliable and high-tech ... Grateful

For Informastional Purposes if you are buying this product.1. The phone I recieved was a T-Mobile branded phone, it was hlocked.2. The package did not contain the microSD card as marked on the box.

I ordered my BB on Christmas night. Through the Christmas and New Year's holidays... the order still came on time! Amazing! Nothing was missing! Everything was working perfectly! Unfortunately, this phone is a gift and not for myself... now I wish to keep it! This phone has absolutely everything! It's better than an iphone! It looks so professional and sleek!The only thing is... the charger... the charger plug does not fit into my outlets in my walls. No big deal, the charger is designed to fit a European outlet and not an American outlet. But I can easily fix this because the charger wire and charger hookup is not connected, so I can simply buy one to fit a regular American outlet instead. Not a problem at all. In fact, this makes this phone fit any plug because the wire that connects the phone is by itself... giving that the wire has the ability to have different type charger plug connections on the other end of the wire (opposite of wire connecting BB) depending on what country a buyer is in. I hope this makes sense... (I'm sure reading the details of the phone would also explain it).This phone also is so small! But the buttons are still big enough to press! It's so sleek! fits perfectly in the pocket, or anywhere you put it! It's durable too, but that doesn't mean you should drop it. Treat it like treasure! This phone is as good as gold!

It's said that it came for the T-mobile brand, but t wasn't like that in my case. I was hoping it had the bands unlocked for T-Mobile ( the only one that works in 3G here in Venezuela for DIGITEL) and it came with different brand. NOT PLEASED with that.  Next time at least put on the expecifications of the products the BANDS the mobile works with. So at least one decide to buy it or not.

Item arrived before the estimated time! The pacage was wrapped in a good way and the phone is great. Loved it!

Original product, arrived on the date. Good BB, it goes slow with sim card due to the network it can be fixed If you setup well step by step.

En la publicaci&oacute;n no especifican en que bandas funciona el 3G de este equipo. Lo compre, vivo en Venezuela; si lo piensan usar con Movistar o Movilnet NO LO COMPREN, este no funciona en 3G 1900Mhz (Movilnet y Movistar)  A mi no me sirve.

too bad the product, the battery lasts very little. the antenna is underpowered. not recommend it, pass bad times with this phone

this phone is new or second sealed box says there is new and is unlocked to all operators in the world and I'm from Venezuela and I need to lift Movilnet Movistar 3G or hope to offer prompt response

After a thinking for awhile I decided by 9360, considering price/"performance" ratio. well, the phone itself is ok: works well, no hang ups, pretty fast (I do not really understand the "need" for 4 cores processors for cell phones... to do what? it is just a cell phone after all. smart, well, maybe. do you really need a 4 Core processor for chat, checking email or to open some web pages? I do not think so. Higher speed processors, mean higher power consumption, shorter battery life...), really nice and slick case design, well built, pretty good quality camera, flash. The real problem of this phone is short battery life: it comes with a a tiny 930mA battery, which drains completely with in few hours, even if you do not talk or chat... When I realize that, I wanted to throw the phone against the wall... Well, after reading for awhile, I find some possible measures to improve the situation: I upgrade the OS to 7.1 (the phone came with 7.0), and disabled 3G... After that, the battery lasts whole day (from 7am to 10 pm), including a lot of chat, email and phone calls. which I consider is acceptable, although, could be much better (8900, I had before, lasted as twice as long, under the same conditions). Well, also I got a hi capacity (2340mA) battery, which was supposed to help a lot, but I have been unable to make it work, since RIM encodes batteries, in order to prevent the owner from using aftermarket batteries, which I consider pretty ugly, because they are unable to manufacture decent batteries...In order to finish this, I would say that the I feel pretty satisfied with this phone, although it requires some improvements, mostly, regarding battery life

The phone wasnt new.. it was used and a lot of people were trying to add me on blackberry messenger looking for some arabian. its not a good celphone it doesnt get 3G everything here is fake

Good Morning ...Buy a 9360 Blackbery equipor need the equipment according to specifications of other buyers is AT & T so I can serve my telephone operator.

Blackberry Curve 9360 UnlockedI purchased the Blackberry 9360 from Amazon.  I bought it because I will be travelling internationally and wanted to be able to use the Wi-fi calling feature on my carrier, T-Mobile.After 5 hours of very frustrating calls with T-Mobile Customer Care (who told me different things every time I called), three hours of our Tech Guy working the problem and 4 calls with Blackberry Customer Service in Canada I found out that the phone is from an "unknown" carrier in East Africa and there is no way that I can put the T-Mobile software and calling features on it that would allow me to make Wi_Fi calling.Not possible.So buyer beware.  I now have spent twice what it would have cost me to buy it directly from the carrier and I don't have what I want.  In fairness, the other features of the phone work fine, but if you are considering purchase of a Blackberry or other phone on Amazon because you want access to features and benefits your carrier offers you may be quite frustrated and disappointed.

A friend told me that it had serious battery problems. I thought it was because he use it too much. but I I have to charge it at the middle of the day because it runs out of battery.I put it in 2G, de brightness in 20% and stills runing out of battery

Good night, you will have 2 phones available Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked new work with AT & T?, greetings. Gracias

Bought this because it says its a free phone. It came to me in a t-mobile box and although it works with other carriers it only works on EDGE and only connects to BBM when its on a wi-fi network. Total rip off, i now have a BB phone that does not have BB messenger and works only on 2G.

I want to know if the 9360 team at & t works for Telefonica Movistar in Venezuela and if available I buy 2 teams and let me know if you give me a discount

This Cellphone is unlocked for The worldwide (ecuador).I Will Buy The phone if is it unlocked for worldwideThanks

bello el modelo liviano super elegante, el unico detalle es que la pila dura solo 24 horas por lo demas excelente

I need to tell me if tiewnen AT & T model is the one I need please advise conurgencia for purchase

I ordered this phone and in less than a week was in the box in Miami when they send it to venezuela i check it and everything was perfect the phone is NEW brought a 2g memory is UNLOCKED came in perfect condition and the seller very kindly answered all my questions ! I recommend this seller 100% Transformersandgsmphones

Ahora entiendo porque esta quebrando blackberry, este telefono no tiene ni un a&ntilde;o y ya se me ha da&ntilde;ado de todo, la bateria es malisimaaa.

This unlocked cell phone works perfectly for Digitel Venezuela. It's brand new and work perfectly. I definitely would buy another cell phone to this company

The phone is clearly not unlocked tried a caribbean sim where i'm from and had to have it unlocked online too much trouble to send back because i really needed a phone. Beware phone isn't unlocked. recommended site [...] great service no rude csr like [...]

Buenas tardesUna consulta alguien sabe si este vendedor posee el modelo en AT&T;??? es que soy de Venezuela y utilizo Movistar...Saludos quedo a la espera para culminar la compra..muchas graciasss

It's a nice phone, works great, runs smooth and fast. Overall this is a great phone although small it has amazing batery life even while playing music or calling all day, the flash is brighter then my digital camera, it has an amazing flashlight app. I would definitely recommend it for people who have no budget for an iPhone or an Android phone. This phone is perfect for those who are light users; if you're a power user, I don't recommend this phone as it lacks the processing power to satisfy your needs.Pros: slim and compact with a tactile physical keyboard, OS 7 runs very smoothly, Reasonable price

Buenas tardes, estoy interesada en el Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked, y quiero saber si esta disponible en AT&T branded for MOVISTAR & MOVILNET, y que debo hacer para que al comprarlo me lo envien con esas especificaciones.

exelente.el vendedor muy responsable y recomendable. el producto es de exelente calidad y original. tal como lo muestra en la fotografia, muy gracias, volveria a comprar sin duda alguna

Please bear in mind I am not a professional reviewer or experience Blackberry user. I am a technophile with some BB knowledge.HARDWARE:Body is slim and sleek, nice lines and curves. It easily fits in the pocket. Slimmer and lighter than my mothers previous 8330, I think she will like it. Buttons seem a tad smaller than previous Curves, but still easy to press. The menu buttons also have a nice click to them even though they are flat and flush with the body.This was my first time using the newer trackpad on blackberry's and it was nice. Seems a little weird at first but it actually better when you become accustomed to it. Center button clicks nicely and no accidentally rolling around when you try to hit it. Camera and volume rockers are also the newer style, built into the body. They press easily as does the top lock button, also built in (not sticking out). Call quality is good, as can be expected on BB's. Camera is OK but I dont put much stock in phone cameras so am not inclined to thoroughly test them. Screen is absolutely gorgeous. Brighter than any other BB I've seen except the Torch. Colors are nice, resolution is good enough for pics and video. Havent tried any games since I would need a BB account and this is going to be a gift anyway. WIFI is fast but not all the apps seem to take advantage of it (more on that later). Tmobiles 3G is properly taken advantage of but of course, your mileage may vary. I dont know if this unit supports AT&T;'s 3G network.I love having a multicolored indicator light on the top, wish more phones would do that.Battery strength is as good or better than any other Blackberry, it charges quickly as well. Got a full days use but not using GPS, Bluetooth or NFC. In fact I havent seen any stores or found anyone else using a phone with NFC, so theres no way to tell how good it is.SOFTWARE:I am not an expert on BB OS 7 but I can see the differences. Main screen is less cluttered but you can still see all the important items. Accessing settings and finding the essentials is easier than ever. In particular, disabling all or individual radios is much simpler now. Settings menu is also less cluttered and you can do more without digging into as many subsections. Your home screens of icons can be customized a lot compared to earlier versions of BB OS. You can set up as many custom screens as you like. Scrolling through items is always very smooth, due in part to the new OS and faster hardware. Everything looks a little nicer, easier on the eyes without seeming too cute for a proper business phone. The email is unified and looks nice. Blackberry messenger is much sleeker and easier to use, but I dont think is integrated with the other messaging programs. Social networking is also unified though you can choose to use individual apps for twitter and facebook and others. Everything is a little easier to use than in previous versions. The youtube app is really just a link to the mobile web page. Vids do look good especially for being on a small screen. Audio is acceptable over the speaker but if you plan on seriously using this thing for music and vids you should probably plug in the headphones. All the usual apps are here like To do and memo and Office to go. Most of them seem to be improved a little, easier to see important stuff and create new documents. You can even create PP presentations from scratch which is something office apps for other platforms lack. There is a file browser (at least on the unlocked phone I purchased) but it only allows you to view media files you've copied over or documents you've created. Only power users will care about that but it should be noted. Voice notes work well, as does the password protector app.Games look great but only 2 are included and you need a BB account to get any more, even the free ones.Search is now universal like on most modern smartphones, and its also easy to specify where you wish to search (web, local device, contacts, emails, etc.) A VERY nice touch to serious BB users who have tons of junk and cant always make time to sift through it. Big improvement here and RIM should be proud.Theres also some basic network diagnostic tools which is nice to see, again mostly for power users, but also good if your IT person is trying to setup your corporate phone and doesnt want to download additional apps for this.NITPICKS:Box did not include a nice protective case like the last BB curve I bought. But they did include a 4gig micro SD card and it was already installed. No self-portrait mirror on the back but it did have a flash which not all BB's use, even some of the newer models.Battery case was weird to get off. It would seem theres a little indentation on one side of the body that you gotta dig in to pop off the back. Almost ripped the body apart before I figured out how to work it, even with the little picture showing me the process. My last Curve had a little button you could press easily to make the back open. You can access the SD card while the phone is on but I think it gets upset if you do.Apparently the new OS 7 lacks backward compatibility with old apps, which is nice if you thought blackberry needed a total refresh but if you have a bunch of old stuff (especially paid) you may be unhappy with the change and lack of modern apps in the market. It will take time for developers to catch up.The Curve 8330 lets you specify cellular only, prefer cellular, prefer wifi, or wifi only. I couldnt find such a setting on the new OS, and in fact when there no cell coverage (which can happen with TMobile) it doesnt seem to want to use the Wifi at all. When trying to use the web or mobile store it gives me troubles, complains theres no data service even though I can clearly see its connected my home wifi. This is actually a serious issue and not a nitpick. Needs to be corrected.- FINAL THOUGHTS -Overall a great update to the Curve line. If you love Blackberry's and like the small Curve you will love this one. Latest OS and new apps plus advanced stuff like NFC make this a winner. BUT, if you still prefer iphones or Androids this wont likely encourage you to switch. Experienced users will appreciate that it feels basically the same but with plenty of improvements, newcomers will like how simple and neat everything is compared to a messy Android desktop.- UPDATE! -Completed my tests on the battery. This bad boy lasts 9 whole days with all the radios off, and 6 & a half days with all the radios on, including NFC which is basically useless right now.

1. - The product was shipped without hindering invoice receipt and processing for shipping back to Venezuela, taking one month.2. - Product specifications contained in the box does not match the internal configuration of the cell producing the registry problemsby telephone attendant layoff.3. - The point of connection of the cell load has failed to connect.

Llego a Venezuela sin contratiempo y superaron las expectativas recomendado amplia mente hasta la fecha el producto funciona sin inconvenientes

Received an item in timely maner.It came in a box,with older version of headphones,not newer one. Also I didnt receive memory card.Bought the phone for my girlfriend and she loves it.Phone is working fine after a month of use. I would give it 5 stars b/c headphone/mem card issue  4..good deal definitely.

I bought the phone while on holiday in the US. I am totally satisfied with it's performance. It has connected to my local network here in Barbados and I have not had any problems.

This phone is faulty and is giving trouble to charge. I'm very unhappy with this phone! The phone is defective and I would like a refund if possible

Dear Seller, the BlackBerry phone is to be used in Latin America. Please double check before shipping that the phone supports 3G bands 1,2,5,6. You can do that by turning on the phone and going to All > Options > Device > About Devices Versions > need to say "3G Bands 1,2,5,6" on the 3rd line. Or alternately you can ship a BlackBerry with the AT&T Logo. Please DO NOT SEND a phone with any other logo.

The purchase was excellent the product arrived on time and I am very happy and satisfied with everything in general. Keep it up

after phone was set up it freezes every once in a while. with a new phone you would expect to avoid these issues.

A week after, it started not to allow the use of internet, no bbm, no whatsup... the battery life was less than 6 hours. Currently, i have a dead cell phone with no internet options at all.

It's an EXCELLENT product.It has the right price, size, weigth and cost, perfect in every way.I am sooooo happy and I really recomend all of you to experience the new RIM BB Curve 9360.P.S.: I live in Venezuela and the 3G works perfectly!For 3G to work in Venezuela:AT&T; branded for MOVISTAR & MOVILNETT-Mobile braded for DIGITELUNLOCKED of course!Ya tengo el telefono en mis manos, funciona perfecto el 3G de Movistar (la linea que yo uso). Solo tienen que escribirle al vendedor y preguntarle si tiene el telefono T-mobile branded (significa que viene con el logo de T-mobile y que funciona para Digitel) o si es AT&T; branded (significa que viene con el logo de AT&T; y es el que funciona para Movistar y Movilnet) Especiquen que necesitan uno con el brand de alguna de las dos y listo.. Lean los otros comments tambien...Saludos a todos..Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked Smartphone T-Mobile, AT&T; Black

The phone is new, but it didn't bring the memory card. I live in Venezuela and with Digitel works perfectly

Phone came as stated. NEW!!!!!! This seller definately is legitimate and professional. Will do business with them again for my next phone purchase. The phone with all its accessories came in all the original packaging that is expected with a blackberry.

Good product, usefull!!! Buy it if you are looking for quality to your life; soft and easy to use it, but check battery level as well.

HOLA SOY DE VENEZUELA, POR FAVOR NECESITO ME ENVIEN EL CELULAR PARA LINEA DIGITEL ME LO HAN RECOMENDADO AMPLIAMENTE .GRACIAS, HASTA AHORA TODO HA MARCHADO BIEN, SOLO ESPERO EL PRODUCTO PARA CALIFICARLOS

The phone was good for the most part. The battery seemed a bit used (just minor scratches). The housing was just a tad bit loose on the bottom. Other than those the phone is excellent.

El producto llego en el tiempo estimado y en perfecto estado, tal cual como sale el la dercripcion! Lo unico que las instrucciones estaban en ruso. Recomendado 100%.

is an excellent team, just what you need. works very well. fast responds to all needs. lightweight. very good, very goog

The company was responsible to the offense and everything was solved in a successful conclusion.I hope the problems are corrected to prevent future riots

esta muy bien el telefono nuevo y trabaja 3g 850 liberado y llego muyrapido trabaja con movistar aqui en venezuela muchas gracias.

Works perfectly, absolutely no problems with product or seller. I would recommend this phone to anyone, phone is small and sleek but you should also purchase a case for it

It is a great smartphone. I like the design so that it is thinner than other blackberry models. The delivery was in estimated date. I recomend this product.

I ordered the Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked and I absolutely love it! It is everything it says or claims to be - I love a blackberry phone.I switched from an Android. I enjoyed that phone alot too because it was touch screen 'but Motorola kept me from enjoying it . The Moto-Blur feature on that Android phone always glitch that was very annoying and irritating to say the least. So thank goodness for my Blackberry Curve 9360 _It rocks!!!

Good size, fits in my pocket just right. I like it being a lot slimmer than my old Blackberry curve and light weight. All the features work wonderfully! I had no problems with the charger either. It fit all my outlets, and the one in my car too. Great product. :)Mary,Ardmore, OK

buena noches quisiera saber si me levanta 3G PARA LAS OPERADORAS DE MOVILNET VENEZUELA DIGITEL O MOVITAR ESPERO RESPUESTAS GRACIAS.

Hi, do you have avalaible the AT&T; Brand? I need this one because the network that my service operator uses in Venezuela.Hola, Tienes disponible la marca AT&T;? Necesito esta por la red que mi operador de servicios usa en Venezuela

It is a very good product.right price, size, weigth and cost.I am very happy and I want to invite all of you to experience the new RIM BB Curve 9360

I wanted to replace my previous blackberry.  It was at a reasonable price and has the functions I currently need.

This item is send to a friend for his birthday in Venezuela and what is the surprise that this phone came locked at the factory. The team announced a buy from a fully released and it is not. BLUTEKUSA provider should at least send me an Email. with the unlock code for this phone ...Now I do not know what to do because I get 3 times more expensive than in Venezuela send me the phone to return it to the supplier.I will wait that the provider send the codes to unlock this team and not waste my money on an expensive paperweight .....

Exelente muy buen equipo y muy responsables en la entrga del producto espero recibir buenas ofertas de blacberry nokia lumina o sansumg galaxi III mini
