
My phone has had an issue with the gps since I bought it.  I didn't realize it in time for me to send it back to amazon and had to go through samsung to resolve it.  After waiting 2 or so weeks to get my phone back, it came back worse off than when I started.  The phone won't start up and I now have to wait another 2 weeks to fix the issue I believe Samsung caused.  The AT&T store won't do anything since I bought it through Amazon.  They also admitted there were quite a few issues with this phone.

I replaced my Iphone 4 with this phone. It was much quicker and loved the screen. But then the newness wore off. It was better in dealing with wifi but not by much. The real problems started after about a week. The screen is impossible to see in bright day light. The Iphone was useable. The phone would get hot and go black. The first week or so I was getting about a day and a half off the battery. After it started overheating it got 6 hours. I know that the screen produces heat because they have a setting that turns the screen down when it gets hot.  I thought that I would get a car charger and that would take care of the battery problem. No, this phone takes an insane amount of time to recharge. I can plug my Iphone in for 20 minutes and its half charged. This phone takes hours. I could plug in for hour and it might charge 20%. the problem though is that when it gets to 20% or so it starts making adjustments to save battery. You would think you have 20% talk time left, but thats not he case. It seems like it goes out very shortly after the 20% warning. This battery issue caused me to return the phone twice. I liked the phone and its layout but the issues of not being able to see the screen( which I thought the benefits of this type of screen, was that it showed up better in sunlight) and the pittiful battery life and recharge rate totally ruined this phone.

The Samsung Infuse is the best phone you could ever buy. Even though I paid a  penny for it, it was worth the actual value of the phone. The phone has a lot of special gadgets that can help you through you daily life. When I bought the phone I was much more organized than before the phone. When my phone was stolen it was like I had lost my better half. I felt like I had to get re-aquainted with a whole new phone that I didn't like that's why I was so happy when I found the Infuse for the same price that I paid before. Now that I purchased my Infuse I don't have to build a relationship with a new stranger phone.

Upgraded with AT&T within past wk- Infuse 4G screen already badly cracked- The expensive case gave no protection, AT&T, also Samsung said cracked screen voids warranty, so only making insurance claim with 199.00 deductible is their ONLY option- I don't advise anyone to purchase this phone unless it will be handled with kid gloves at all times- My iPhone has a CHEAP cover while my husband's iPhone has a very expensive cover- My iPhone has had NO problems thru the almost 2 yrs of daily use with only a cheap cover- This Infuse 4G apparently needs to be treated as gently as handling Crystal & even expenisive cover has not helped- I DO NOT RECOMMEND this phone for regular daily use except perhaps for a person who keeps it well padded all day & I'm not sure WHAT type cover they'd recommend to properly Protect it- AT&T & SAMSUNG have been NO help to us with this now broken screen (less than a week in our possession)-

My 7 month old Samsung Infuse Model SGH-I997 mobile phone started turning itself off after being attached to the charger and/or the computer.  Once the plug was removed the phone would either power up on its own or I would have to turn the unit back on.  The purchase date was May 28, 2012 through Amazon.com.On January 3, 2013, I contacted Samsung customer service and sent the phone in for repair under repair ticket number 4117532029.Samsung denied my warranty claim.  Samsung claimed the phone suffered corrosion damage due to exposure to moisture.  This claim was untrue since the phone has not been subjected to any moisture other than the humidity of the atmosphere.The phone operates fine other than the charging problem.  I just change batteries to continue use.  I purchased a spare battery and a stand alone battery charger.If the phone had true water damage then it would not operate at all.I'm disappointed to find there is no appeal process to contest this decision by Samsung.  It seems Samsung pays a guy in Texas to say all the phones have moisture problems to same millions of dollars in repairs.Any moisture problem is actually caused by a design flaw from the manufacturer.If this connection bay/port is subject to moisture damage from only exposure to the atmosphere then Samsung should have protected  the bay/port in the design of the phone by having a rubber cover or door like many other phones.The phone cost $300.00.  That money is now wasted on a worthless phone since Samsung has refused to honor their warranty and has designed a defective phone from the start.Samsung has made a false claim about moisture issues to avoid their responsibility.  Buyer beware.  Avoid Samsung products.  You will not be treated fairly.

I was torn between this phone and the Atrix 2 for AT&T.;  I got lucky one day here at Amazon and caught the Infuse when it was on sale for 1 cent under 2 year contract.  Being essentially free and $50 less than the Atrix 2 sealed the deal and I got the infuse.During my research I found mostly positive reviews for the Infuse.  The few user complaints I came across tended to be related to the large screen size (too big?), thin profile (fragile?), and light weight (toy like?).  I too was concerned that it would be a little too large to be easily pocketable.  After about a week with the device I can say that this device fits in pocket very well.  It is so thin and light that most of the time I don't even notice that I have something in my pocket.  I was considering a belt clip case for the phone, but probably won't get one for now.There are several different facets that could be reviewed with this phone.  Here are some of the most important for me.--SCREEN--Simple gorgeous.  Makes even high end computer screens look bad.  I had high expectations here, and they were exceeded handily.  The screen has a resolution of a little over 200 pixels per inch - which is nearly three times as dense as most computer screens.  It's incredibly crisp, bright, and vibrant.  There is no color distortion at any viewing angle.  The glass is well coated and although glossy, doesn't appear to suffer from excessive glare.  The screen on my Android Tablet (Asus Transformer) is much more difficult to see in bright rooms.--BUILD AND FORM FACTOR--Dimensions: 2.7" wide, 5.1" high, 0.35" thickI was concerned it was going to be too big, but I haven't found this to be the case.  It fits into my pocket with ease and so far seems to resist scratches well.  I've even dropped it already and the phone suffered no ill effects (not even a scratch).  The back cover is a thin textured plastic piece that looks great and gives it a high end feel.  The sides are a glossy black plastic and while it looks very nice, can sometimes make it tricky to hold onto.  I don't plan on getting a case for the phone, but if I find myself dropping it often, then I'll look into it.--RECEPTION AND CALL QUALITY--In short, better than any other phone I've ever owned.  I'm coming from a Samsung Impression (semi-smart phone), and the sound quality of the infuse is head and shoulders above it.  Callers voices are clearer than I've ever heard from a cell phone before.  This was an unexpected surprise.  Reception also seems to be better than that of most other phones.  I get abysmal phone reception in my apartment.  Most people have to go outside to get a decent phone call.  I can now move further away from the front of my apartment than I could before while still getting good reception.  It doesn't sound like much, but for those who don't get great reception in their area, it could be very valuable.--SPEED--This is a fast phone.  I was concerned about "only" having a single core processor and "only" having 512MB of RAM, but again these concerns have been unfounded.  Responsiveness of the phone is quite good and it almost never lags (slows down slightly when installing apps).  The keyboard can actually keep up with my fast typing, and the swiping of screens and pushing of icons happens quickly.  This phone installs and runs apps noticeably faster than my Asus Transformer, which is impressive given the huge size differential.  I have zero remorse for passing up the faster Galaxy 2 for this phone.--CAMERA AND SPEAKERS--I won't mince words, the speakers are awful.  Don't even attempt to listen to music with the built in speakers because it won't do it justice.  A far better option for any type of multimedia is plugging the included headphones into the jack on the top of the phone.  This gives vastly improved sound instantly.The camera feature is a mixed bag.  The sensor seems to be quite good for a camera phone, however it's hobbled by the interface.  There is no dedicated shutter button, but there is a basic mix of camera controls in the included software.  Image quality is good for a phone, but point-and-shoots are still better in every way.  For most casual users, this camera phone will probably take the place of their point and shoot.--SOFTWARE--It comes with Android 2.2 installed and it's pretty fantastic.  I have Android 3.1 on my tablet and while "3.1" sounds a lot better than "2.2", the 2.2 on the Infuse does everything I could want and then some.  For 99% of the population, you could leave 2.2 on this phone and be happy for the life of the phone.AT&T; has installed a handful of branded apps which can't be removed without rooting the phone.  Most are fairly unintrusive, so there is no great harm in leaving them.  Most of these apps are geared towards getting you to spend more money on subscription services to AT&T; when in reality you can probably find free apps to do the exact same thing.  You can use "Superoneclick" and "Titanium Backup" (both free) to quickly and safely remove these apps if you are so inclined.Aside from the handful of AT&T; apps, the phone is set up very well with a couple dozen of basic, but very useful apps.  Being Android, there is obviously a TON of customization here, but right off the bat you get the most basic apps to do what most people need to do.  Emailing and texting are excellent on this phone straight out of the box.--BATTERY LIFE AND CHARGING--Again here, better than expected.  I read horror stories about terrible battery life with this phone (granted these reviews are from mid 2011), but I just haven't experienced it.  I typically get a full day (14 hours) out of the phone with moderate usage while only running the battery down to 30% or so late at night.  While I definitely expect to have to charge the phone every day, as of now I never worry about making it through the day without charging.  You can install various battery saver apps (I use Battery Dr Saver) which will extend life further.Charging is done via a standard micro-USB cable and plugs up into any USB port.  Charging isn't particularly quick, so you'll probably have to leave it overnight to charge it completely when it runs low.--CONCLUSION--So far I'm delighted with the phone. I've found the hardware to be exceptional and the software platform to be reliable and extremely useful and innovative.  The somewhat largish screen on this phone just makes the software that much more usable.  It performs basic phone functions flawlessly and handles moderately complex multimedia without a hiccup.  While this phone is technically a step down from the Galaxy 2, it doesn't feel like a compromise phone at all.  Given the exceptional price under contract, this phone is a no brainer for those looking for an upgrade.

I may be wrong, but AT&T; agrees. There are no Phone Commands built into this phone. The last 4 or 5 phones I have had, I could say call Lisa Smith, Home, and it takes care of the dialing. This is especially important when using hands free in the car. Most every car kits use the voice commands to run the hands free. AT&T; sold me a Blue Ant S4 for my wife, stating it did everything within the Blue Ant, and did not need phone commands. Not true. The first thing it does when turned on is say, We can not find your phones voice commandsm please check your settup. You can use voice commands to search the internet, find a spot on the map, or directions. Why would they not include phone commands? Makes Hands free driving pretty impossible. My Motorola Roadster is perfect with my Droid X. Will not work at all with the Infuse.Other than that, I am impressed. I have a Droid X, and I hated to admit that I thought my wife had purchased a better phone than I had when she brought home the Infuse. Now I would not trade her if she paid my bill. I need the hands free.

I was biased towards a dual-core offering from the begining and had been waiting for an update from Android or Windows 7 to support multi-core architecture.And then my iPhone (had been using it for the last 3 years) got stolen, forcing me to fill up the void space in my denim.So I walk into the AT&T; store and start reviewing the phones listening to the sales-assistants unconditional love for Samsung Infuse.I think he had a point. The screen is huge and the quality is phenomenal! I tried Inspire and Atrix and the display is nowhere close to what Infuse had to offer.As for the Speed, I saw little to no delay while switching between applications. One can wish for some performance improvements with a dual-core but then, who cares? We already waste enough time posting daily updates on FB and Twitter and saving microseconds would not save us from the impending doom@2012. I am not even sure if a multi core phone will lead to any significant performance improvements unless the underlying OS itself supports it.Some amazing facts:+ Awesome BIG OLED display with very good contrast levels(3rd time).+ Very good Audio Quality. The 5.1 mode shines on instrumental.+ Great 8MP Camera. Includes single-click focus with acceptable bokeh effects.+ Very snappy, don't wait till they introduce quantum processors.+ Big, Stylish and not heavy as one would expect :D.+ Good Battery Life, survives a day with ease.- The phone is a bit slippery, need to work on my grip.- The HDMI adapter needs to be powered through the USB cord. Not that it matters but the connection scheme is ridiculous :).P.S - This is my first review on Amazon and I felt compelled to write one.

I have had this phone for over a month. I bought it on a whim because it had the biggest screen and the was the lightest. The phone works great. It is snappy and nice. Great for GPS navigation that comes free with Android. I have been so much happier with it than I ever was with an iPhone. Awesome phone.Only downside: Netflix is not supportted.

Just like many reviewers I came from an iPhone 3GS I have a coworker who bought it and after much research and watching  reviews on YouTube I was finally convinced to let go of the I phone having had the phone for over a month and learning how to adjust to the android system and the overall handling of the infuse 4G I,m very happy to report that this phone is really awesome it has sooooo many features I keep finding new stuff just about every day and the more I learn the more impress I get with this phone, the video quality it's just beautiful the pictures are just awesome and the movie trailers play with such high definition and sharpness  I downloaded the movie "top gun" And actually sat there and watched the whole movie on my infuse and the android market has so many free apps which download and install at such high speed it's just incredible ,no apple password no hassels no waiting time , they download and install nowI keep hearing about the iPhone 5 they say it's going to bring this and do that I tell you nothing compares to that huge screenmy wives iPhone 4 feels so tiny on my hand now I don't know how I use to be able todo anything with it ,and that excuse that it's too big . . . it's not, it's just a matter of getting used to it  you will learn to appreciate it afterwardso if you are thinking about it but have concerns just watch the YouTube video infuse 4G vs iPhone and you will see some of the things I'm talking aboutI'm very happy with my infuse 4g and I'm glad samsung came out with a phone that it's much better than the I phone and the  apple way of doing thingsoh and the price of amazon it's great did I mention the $25.00 dollar coupon to buy Movies music or appsJust get get it and you won't regret it

I've had this phone for 8 months now and i can proudly say i havent been happier. this 4.5inch screen is perfect to everything in daily life. its color is even better than my computers so when i got this phone, it pretty much turned my computer into a dust collector.The battery life on this phone is amazing as it lasts about 2 days with heavy useage for me. As to if you Root your device and get the app SET CPU you can extend your battery life a entire 24hours extra with the exact same useage.I was looking into the duel core processer phones and all the reviews seem to complain about bettery life and this and that so i will be satisfied with my infuse until they come out with a duel core processer phone with a longer battery life than the infuse.this phone is highly under estimated as to how amazing and well put toghter it is.

What can I say? The phone is cool. Big screen is excellent and gorgeous thanks to the Super AMOLED plus. It comes loaded with a bunch of useful google apps including Navigation( turn by turn GPS), places, maps. You can do a lot of voice command stuff on it. The battery life is good and it comes with a widget that I have put on my home screen that tells me all the applications that are running. If you are new to smart phones, sometimes applications run in the background without you knowing and drain your battery. This widget tells you what is running and you can shut down all the applications to prevent battery drainage.As a phone it's good. Good voice quality and all that. My only knock on it is that I have not been able to use my MP3s as a ringtone.Generally, speaking it's a very good phone. The camera is awesome!!! 8MP camera takes great pictures and it records videos in 720p.I don't want to break down everything but trust me this is a phone worth getting. I enjoy mine a lot.

I am coming from an Iphone 3g. To me this seems like a huge leap.The Infuse is Fast........so what its not dual core like the SGS2 or Atrix. It still pumps out video and webpages very quickly. It is almost/or as fast as a regular laptop IMO.The best feature on this phone is its beautiful display, the colors are vibrant and the blacks are deep. THis is like having a mini plasma display....I don't get why some people knock this phone on blurry text due to its resolution being lower than some other phones.......They are crazy, you are being too anal.The camera on this phone is also very good. The colors are very vibrant and the interface is nice. Who cares if it does not record 1080p Video, are you crazy. 720p is all you need. Especially if you are only watching on a phone.The phone is very thin and fits in my pockets well. It feels a little big in my hand but that does not annoy me at all.I have heard some people complain of GPS issues, but mine works and locks on fast.Battery life is good. It seems to be better than my iPhone and I use it a lot more because you can actually look at stuff on webpages, and navigate quickly.The hdmi adapter works but the Samsung media hub does not let you output to HDTV's with a rental ( i guess some copyright issue). Youtube worked fine and video recorded on the phone outputted nice.The phone is just nice looking over all and it catches everyone's eyeI also love the Google interface. I like being able to press and hold the capacitive search button and go straight to voice search. Then I say "call Lauren" ( my wife) and it pulls her right up and I can call her. I also like the google voice integration. If you are on WiFi and don't have ATT signal, you can use Google voice to call. You can set the phone up to let you choose if you want to use Google voice or the ATT network.The voice control in search or on any of the keyboards works very well to.App's that I like to use are the Beautiful widgets, I like to use HTC sense super-clock. I also like the swipe-pad app. This can give you quick access to apps while hiding them. Circle Launcher is a cool app for accessing apps while keeping your pages clean.The android software is nice because I can customize everything.....it takes a couple of days to get used to but I think its way better that IOS. It is probably harder for some people to pick up but once you do its awesome.Lastly I thought the only negative to this phone was not having visual voice mail like you do with an I phone. I hate having to press 1 and go through my voice-mail. Well you can get an app for that. I downloaded You mail and it works great.

I love this phone.  I did alot of research before purchasing this phone.  I saw that this phone was coming out and I was at the store the day after it came out to purchase it.  I have not been disappointed with anything on this phone.  It is amazing, fast, beautiful picture quality, great camera, I am just in love!!!  Did I mention I love this phone?  Highly recommend it to anyone and everyone!!

Before you read this note, I wish to state that I am true Samsung fan. I have used their phones for almost 7 years, from the slider, the i6XX series, the i7XX series, the Black Jack I and II, Captivate and now the Infuse.I was hoping for a new 4G Phone from Samsung would be exciting, without the lags (as in Samsung Galaxy Captivate), with an enriched Android experience (with Android 2.3), and a configuration to provide maximum functionality. SAMSUNG FAILED ON THESE COUNTS. The new Samsung Infuse 4G is a poor and inferior imitation of the European version (Samsung Galaxy S2) released in Asia and Europe earlier in the year.But, is it intentional to provide the US market with an inferior product?Samsung released earlier in 2011 a sister phone to the Samsung Galaxy Infuse called the Samsung Galaxy S2. This phone is released in Asia and Europe but it embodies most of the functionality to provide you with a unique experience and functional excellence. However, though the version we received in the USA is the latest, it is much more inferior to the Asian and European version.The Asian version (Samsung Galaxy S2) has the following distinctions:- 1GB RAM, as opposed to the 512MG RAM for the Infuse.- Processor is dual core for the S2, as opposed to single core for the Infuse.- The S2 come pre-loaded with Android 2.3 (Gingerbread), as opposed to Android 2.2 (Froyo) for the Infuse.Well, one may suggest that the specifications for the device were worked out with the US carriers. However, same experience of providing the US market with lower-end devices (compared to the versions in Europe and Asia) occurred when the last generation of Samsung Galaxy devices (Galaxy S). Example is the Samsung Galaxy Captivate and its sister device in Europe and Asia..Can anyone explain why Samsung is dumping lower grade specifications in the US Market? And the second slap on our faces is that we pay expensively for these devices as well. We are Americans and we should have at least devices of similar specifications!Avoid this device. Check out other makers coming out later in the year!My disappointments with the Samsung Galaxy Infuse:- Single core processor (compared with the dual-core processor on the Samsung Galaxy S2 for Europe and Asia). Dual-core processor enhances speed and responsiveness on the device.- 512 MB of RAM (compared with 1G of RAM on the Samsung Galaxy S2 for Europe and Asia).- Not running on Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) for a better Android experience.  (Other makes of Android devices were already on Android 2.3 in year 2010.) Given Samsung's and AT&T;'s lack of responsiveness in updating their devices, owners will have a long and frustrating experience.Recommendation:- Wait for a better device later in the year or shop other brands!- If you need a phone immediately, go for the HTC Inspire of Motorola Atrix. The refurbished ones (i.e. with boxes opened) are cheaper than dirt on AT&T;!- Best option is stay with your current device until later in the year. A device with dual core processor with Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) and 1G RAM will provide a unique experience, especially if you serve the net and play video games with large files. (I hear a Galaxy S2 phone, with dual core processor and Gingerbread will be out in a couple of months.)- I will return my phone and wait for something better. (I currently have the Samsung Captivate and I am frustrated with the lags, inaccurate GPS, and frequent freezes. Also, it took AT&T; and Samsung a long time to update the device from Android 2.1 to Android 2.2. If you are familiar with Samsung phones in the last year, you will know that the software updater, Kies, that they provided for the US customers was not functioning properly. In Europe and Asia, the software updated was a full version. In the USA, they released the "mini" version which was impossible to install on the PC and difficult to get it to work with the phone.)- I am a Samsung fan, but disappointed with their strategy on release of some of these phones and lack of support on the devices.UPDATES - Observations/Experience upto May 21, 2011.- Some signs of pixel inconsistencies.- Not as smooth and fast when video and multiple programs running. I recognize a slow down.- Software bugs as you use applications from the Android Market. (Similar issues as indentified with the old Android 2.2 operating system.)- There may be inaccuracies with the GPS. Satellite fix is slow.- Poor battery life.- Software glitches with the Android 2.2.- Slight lag when video and other programs on.- Lacking the full Android 2.3 experience.- GPS fixes may not be fully effective.- Hesitate on big files - need dual-core processor.- No crisp photo on front facing camera. Needs higher resolution.///////////////PS. Samsung's website rejected my reviews for mentioning other products. (Rejection notification received Saturday May 21, 2011.) I presume I should not have compared the Samsung Infuse to the Samsung GS2 released in Europe/Asia. Can anyone believe that? IT SEEMS SAMSUNG DOES NOT ALLOW DISSENT, EVEN FROM ITS LOYAL CUSTOMERS. IS THAT THE MARK OF A CONFIDENT BRAND?

I'm an AT&T fan for a long time and I own both I897 and I997. I897 is very similar to I997 in many ways except for the smaller screen and new body style. Both phone performs well on speed, screen quality and battery life. What I did not like about the I997 is the sound quality and low resolution. For having a bigger screen the amount of icons you can place on the screen are the same in I897, Basically the screen just got bigger not much sharper or better. Plus it's hard for me to carry the I997 in my pocket because of the size. What nice about the I997 is when you read txt, emails, and books because of the large screen. All in all I like both phones, I897 for games and other stuff and I997 for txt, emails, web and reading books.

The Samsung Infuse is a great phone.  It has a fast Internet connection, the applications flow seamlessly, etc.  For me, upgrading from a 3G phone to a 4G Android, was a major improvement.  My only problem now, is (after 30 days) the speakers stopped working.  Any phone calls where I use to put the person on speaker, as well as when I played music aloud, doesn't work now.  I'm currently using my protection plan to get it repaired.  *** Has anyone else experienced 'speaker's not working'?

This phone will not lock on GPS.  I took it back to the ATT store where I got it and they said too bad it is a Samsung issue and they would not replace the phone because it had been 40 days since I got it.  This phone is known to have issues with GPS lock.  I purchased three of them from ATT and they all have the same issue.  Samsung wants me to send the phone back to them while they take up to one month to fix the problem.This is a known issue and plagues numerous of the infuse products operating on the ATT network.  Unfortunately, you will find out that you are out of luck as neither of these companies will stand behind and make good on an essential feature.  I am more than happy to entertain any discussions from either Samsung or ATT in this regard because I would like to see a positive end to a poor product.

we had to pay a restocking fee to return the infuse. store said it was defective which was why it was not working. before it went wierd, the phone was noteasy to use at all. very un-user friendly!  we switched to an iphone!  no wonder they are so popular, it is very user friendly.

I am happier with the Samsung Infuse over the iPhone 3GS for a few reasons and they may just be personal preferences. First, the size of the phone is a plus for me. I know in today's world smaller and faster is what everyone else is after but I like the screen size of the Samsung Infuse. It is easier to read and type on and videos are better on the larger screen. I have large fingers and typing on the keyboard allows for fewer errors. A lot of electronic documents are adobe type documents and I got fed up with Apple's obstinate and hardheaded refusal to work something out with Adobe. I am not an intensive apps guy but the apps on the Samsung are just as plentiful on the Samsung Infuse in my experience as far as usefulness. Some apps available on the iPhone are useless just like a lot channels on cable or satellite TV. They can boast about how many apps they have but are they really useful? I am not trying to convince iPhone users to switch if they are happy. I am only providing my opinion on a phone that provides an alternative to the iPhone for anyone else that may have the same ideas about what they desire in a smart phone.

I used the iphone 2G, 3GS and iphone 4. Of course the last one had major issues with the dropped reception. I have been looking for an andriod phone to get me off Apple and iphone, but NO ONE could match the touch feeling of the iphone. Blackberry touch, you have to tap several times, even Motorola Atrix the response was not great and I returned it. Besides that in the Atrix email program, I could not see Html mail well. Then I heard that Samsung makes the screen that iphone uses and I had heard good feedback on the Galaxy series, that their touch was super. I decided to go with a Samsung product.Outstanding. Impressive. Forget Iphone.Touch: the response is super, even better than the iphone. Yes even better.HTML Email: Excellent, reads it very well.Speed: Excellent processes requests very fastbattery: Wow! for the smartphones these days that barely last a day, I have gone 3 days so far and not needed a charge. Although, I have GPS turned off, Wifi turned off and power management fully on. I am not a heavy user, I just want my email, little browsing and a bit of phone. yet for me, the Atrix&iphone4; would last 2 days at best.Screen: its very big and beautiful, which I like very very much. If you are into watching videos etc with your phone you will enjoy it.I say drop your iphone and get this.

I was previously an iPhone 3GS user(I've owned the 3GS for nearly two years and had no issues until as of late (an error displays daily). But trying to repair my phone through ATT and Apple support provided me with no help due to my warranty expired, and no insurance. I thought for sure I was going to go with the iPhone 4 Regardless of the issues with the 3GS, figuring i'd just get insurance this time for the 4. But I still wanted to look around and see what all of the android hype was about. And some of the problems the iPhone 4 had around their release date caused me to look towards the android market as well on top of my recent iPhone issues.PROS of Infuse 4G-This phone is sleek, smooth. and fast my friends.-The Screen is unbelievable. next to a Droid 3 and iPhone 3GS (Real comparisons I was able to use) It blew them out of the water. The screen being LED, is able to produce more light, with less battery drain, keeping the user happy, (However, there are cons of battery life.)-Light weight, and Larger build than most smart phones with the exception of it's ultra slim design.-It's 4G...Enough said I think.-16GB HD, More than I need, and most other smart phone users I know.CONS-Heats up somewhat quickly if any excessive use. (at least 30-45 minutes on the phone will leave my infuse pretty toasty)-low screen brightness, no wifi search, and 4G off can have an expected battery life of 12-60 Hours, BUT frequent use on what I would consider (realistic and comfortable settings for app friendly-text friendly mobile users) will leave me with approximately 6-10 hours...Not the most efficient of phones comparing to my iPhone 3GS...24 hours average for me on battery life expectancy.-Being how light it is, is nice. But it also worries me, it feels so light that if it is not protected with an Otterbox, (which is still not available for the infuse, I feel that one serious drop could destroy this phone =/ Good care, and insurance should take care of that however.I am happy I chose this phone over the iPhone 4, or even waiting for the iPhone 5. This phone has the capability to soar for the next two years with no issues, and compete with any phone on the market as a top competitor. Good luck in your choosing! A Samsung Infuse would not disappoint!

This phone is awesome!I shall lay out some things I noticed as a user.1. It's huge. If you have large fingers, as I do, you will have no problem using the touchscreen keyboard when the screen rotates horizontally. The only downside to this is that the "G", "H", and "T" keys are very close to the center, and are frequently used keys in texting, which can be tougher to reach with shorter thumbs. The G is direct center of the keyboard when the screen is rotated, so I usually end up missing it.2. This phone is tough as nails. The phone I had previously was a G1, so I'm not used to such a durable phone. I highly recommend getting the ballistic case for this phone, as I have. They're $20 but they look cool and they definitely protect your expensive smart phone from virtually any impact.Ballistic SG Case for Samsung Infuse 4G i997, Black3. Despite it being the largest phone I've pretty much ever used, it still fits fine in my phone holder in my car. Since GPS mounts can be different, you may want to verify this with your own one if you have/use one, but mine fits just fine. :) Oh and the added bulk of my ballistic case still fits in the phone mount.4. This phone rarely heats up from hardcore use. I had lots of problems with my G1 with heating up whenever I downloaded an app or used the internet, sometimes causing it to shut down. When I first got the phone, I naturally downloaded all of the applications I felt necessary and it was somewhat warm, while in the charger, but that is the only time it ever warmed up.5. A quick check of the "battery use" menu in the settings reveals that 90% of the battery is used by the display. This is not surprising, as the phone's screen is huge. I always keep my settings on the dimmest brightness setting (just enough to see 99% of the time, other than direct sunlight. A solid black background definitely helps. It dropped my battery usage from 90+% to 60% usage. You can either upload a solid black image to your phone and set it as background (as the phone does not come with a solid black background), or install the app MagicMarker and save a solid blank background.6. Battery life. For me, it's really not bad. It seems that more battery is used when I sleep than when I'm actually about using my phone. From a full charge with an average amount of use it'll last me about 2 to 3 days. The gps doesn't drain the battery as much as my G1 used to. There's also a convenient on-off GPS button right in the top slide-down menu near the controls to Wifi, Bluetooth, screen rotation, and silencing the phone. Much easier than clicking through the settings menu.Overall, this phone is awesome. Great camera, great battery life, great speed, great organization.  My only troubles are the reach for the keys in the middle (if you have normal fingers you're probably fine), and the display using most of the battery. I kind of wish that energy was used more for an app or something but oh well. It still lasts a good enough time for me. :)Buy this phone!! ;)

I switched from the iphone 3G to this phone and I am SO happy.  There is NO pixelation from having the bigger screen. It is just amazing. My boss is a major iPhone fan and he wants to throw it through a window and steal my Infuse.  Camera is awesome, on continuous setting I get tons of perfect pics of my busy 5 month old.  No more blurry pics! It's all around fast. Like most people say, battery can get drained fast but in my opinion it's worth it, besides my iPhone battery lasted longer cause I never used it like I use the Infuse.  I can't put it down and I am not a gadget girl.  Buy it!!!!

My first Android, and i will admit, a little intimidating. I actually went back to AT&T to exchange, but after one of the salesman told me I had one of the best phones out there, and actually showed me around it, I would'nt trade it. Fast, beautiful pictures, etc. If I had one complaint, it is touchy. But I can deal with that. You won't be sorry if you purchase this phone, just give it a chance. I will say I did buy a book for androids at the bookstore, and it helped so much. I don't think you will be disappointed.

Great phone! Nice display, good wireless speed, comes with many good pre-installed apps.Anyone who I give the phone to - always say how light it is.One annoying feature is the wireless - it does not always pick up local hot spots. Specifically, I have an app that requires me to connect with my home wireless network to sync some apps. It is a hit or miss. I have to constantly power cycle the phone and/or my laptop to get the phone to show up on my wireless network - it is Linksys router.Strange though, I can surf the net but the phone device does not show up on in the DHCP Table on the router. THIS IS VERY ANNOYING.

Verizon truly screwed up on this, taking the Droid Bionic and leaving this one in the dust.  AT&T sucks in downtown Chicago, failing to get reception where Verizon and US Cellular have no problem.  4 of us sitting at a table in Chinatown- 3 had reception using Verizon, US Cellular, and T-mobile.  The guy with ATT had no bars, the rest of us had 4 each.  As good a phone as this is, with AT&T it's nothing more than a brick.

I have had this phone for about 3 weeks now and really love it.  It is actually my first smartphone ever so I cannot compare it to other phones.  However, I have done a huge amount of reading and research about this phone and have even seen technical support colleagues of mine from work use it and be very happy with it, so I can definitely recommend it with confidence.The LCD screen is superb in its brightness and sharpness.  The scrolling, pinching and all operations are very easy, though the screen is a bit sensitive to tapping so one has to be very careful not to tap it unnecessarily and be very careful how one moves the fingers.  Once you get used to it, it performs well.The construction of the phone is plastic.  The only thing I found to be a bit flimsy and potentially fragile is the back cover of the main battery/SIM card compartment (the only cover there is on the phone anyways), which is from a rather thin plastic.  Do not force it when opening or I fear it may snap. :(The battery life is not too bad, though I do use the phone on MANUAL brightness (brighter than average, around 1/2 to 2/3 of max on slider) and do not always use AUTO brightness.  My battery tends to last anywhere from 5 hours if used very frequently (e.g. coming out of sleep mode everytime there is an email notification every 15 mins) to as much as 16 hours if used sometimes and on sleep mode/standby the rest of the time (e.g. like when we are at work).The camera is still something I'm discovering.  The colour balance is limited and tends to be off a bit, but this is all one can expect if there is only auto colour balance or a few presets (no preset balance for flash though).  The videos are smooth and very good quality.  The photos are OK, not that sharp but again, I think I need to get used to focusing manually but tapping on the subject to move the square focus indicator over it, let it turn green to advise you that auto-focus was successful, and then take the picture.I play audio CDs on the phone using Power AMP full version, using its 10-band graphic equalizer and use WAV format files for highest quality.  I have a very high-quality headphone - the Sennheiser HD-25-1 closed headphones, and the sound quality is absolutely superb!  It is also louder than my Sony MP3 player which I had used previously so I love the quality music amp on this phone!The speaker is pretty loud so it is fairly easy to hear the phone, but the phone's vibration, as I had read from other people on the internet, is a bit weak.But I think this phone is a much better value for the money than the iPhone 4S since it has 16GB of built-in memory PLUS room for up to a 32GB external SD card (installed next to the SIM card) which the iPhone does not.I have not had any hardware issues with the phone and the Android OS (Gingerbread 2.3.3) is stable.Highly recommended!John

After reading all of the reviews for the Infuse, I am left with one overwhelming question: What is the actual reception quality and call quality for making telephone calls?My husband has a Samsung Captivate, and I am ready to upgrade from the Samsung Impression to a smart phone.I have realized that there is one major downfall between my phone and his: His does not make decent phone calls. I do know that maybe he just has a bum phone; that happens. However, when we're comparing bars of service, I consistently have more than he does. He basically needs to put his phone on speaker to even make a call, and then it is pretty broken when he actually connects.I am not willing to part with the actual telephone-call-making-process for all of the other cool applications the phone will do. When it comes down to it, I am still one of those people who considers the "phone" part of the device to be a major component.I know the salespeople in the stores will tell me it makes great calls. What are your experiences? What do *real* people think?Thanks for your help :-)

Ok first off i am wrighting this review from my samsung infuse!This phone is great and does everything i wanted it to do and more!Pros:1) the screen! The screen is nice and big so you dont have to zoom in on text, the color on the screen is amazing, so good that alot of time my friends will send me pictures just so they can see it on my big colorfull screen! The size makes it easy to text on-wether its on its side or upright!2) app run fast! My apps open up fast and rarely is there lag! I can easily have 5 apps open at the same time3) built in file manager, this makes it really easy to open, delete or rename files on your phone---be aware though it does not grant root access!4)easy built in task manager to kill ir stop apps-just hold tge home button and a menu pops up with the six apps you used last and than a button for task manager. In the task manager you cam "End" apps or even go to the ram manager and end all background processes!4)the built in samsung keyboard-its layed out nice with the normal "qwerty" style but what makes it special is if you go to the numbers and symbols.menu its got three pages of symbols/numbers the last page being a list of pre-built faces-here are a few :-) :-( :-P =-O :O o_O :-Q :-C X-(5) great music player and is easy to controll/manuever.6) great loud sound quality for playing music/videos with out headphones7) good GPS through google maps-actually beat our Garmin GPS at locating and giving directions!8) very easy to add music or other mediafiles-just plug into the computer with provided usb cord choose the option "use as mass storage device" than simply drag any media into the device! Doesnt matter whaf folder you put it in either, doesnt even have to be in any folder! Just drag it in and wgen you eject it it will do a media scan and locate all new files and put them in music app or gallery app9) easily turn off data to conserve data usage by holding down the lock/power button-a menu will pop up and you just choose "data network mode" to either deactivate or activate10) camera-takes amazing pictures with the back 8MP camera and decent pictures with the front 1.3MP. Video recording is great with awsome clarity and sound!Cons:1) from time to time apps force close/crash2) sometimes screen gets hot and when this happens battery dies faster3) dont really like the stock browser-i miss the safari on the iphone---mainly just the google search bar shortcut that was on safari4) this is not alth phones fault but some apps arent ment for this big of a screen causing the picture to look pixalated-such as Fruit NinjaOverall this phone is great and i love it, i would easily recommend it to a friend. It looks great, its fast, has wifi built in, has 4g, fast processor, and overall just works great!For $150 it is well worth it and it is money well spent!

OK, I have been using my Samsung Infuse 4G for more than a month and I can say that It is the best 4g phone available in AT&T; right now. Android is very nice operating system once you get used to it. Screen is breath taking and colors are very real. Battery life is very good if u stop running unnecessary applications from task manager, It lasts 2 days in my case with moderate phone and internet use. Unlike iPhone this phone has many ways to make it work your way.Pros:4G capableBreath taking screen, light weight, excellent camera and video recording capabilityFlash support, Mozilla FirefoxGPS, 5.1 surround sound is a big plusThough some issues I would like to mention,1: Phone takes 3.5 to 4hrs to charge completely. I am not sure everybody has same experience or not.2: Wi-Fi reception is weak compare to other devices and I tested Samsung Infuse side by side with other phones and It shows one signal strength bar when I keep it only 3 feet away from my router where all other devices including my laptop, TV, Home Theater, iPhone shows full signal strength.3: Volume of incoming and outgoing calls could be better.4: At&T;'s 4G network is just a joke as I get around 3Mbps in St Louis Metro area and I also tested during my trip to Michigan and it is nowhere near to even 5Mbps and they advertise up to 21mbps...!! I would say it is just 3G+.

I love this phone. I was considering an Iphone but I am so happy that I purchased this phone. The screen is absolutely gorgeous and so big. It makes everything so easy to read. I also love the Android operating system. The phone is quick and responsive, the battery seems to be quite good.

I got this phone as my first android smartphone after my old samsung solstice bit the dust and i'm in love with it:Pros:Amazing screen great for watching movies on a planeAwesome interfaceTon of awesome free appsAmazingly THIN4GCons:Hard to find a screen protector that shows of the screenLastly I'm in love with this phone it's awesome!

DUAL CORE: No, it's not dual core... and neither is the Nexus One or the iPhone 4 & those phones multi-task quite well. Right now, dual core is more gimmick than anything. High-end phones weren't having any problems multi-tasking.Now that that's out of the way, this phone gives you everything you want in a high-end phone (I won't echo the stats). The larger screen is more appreciated than another core. All the better for viewing the web. Adding to this the Super AMOLED Plus, there's nothing that beats the viewing experience.REQUISITE IPHONE COMPARISON:  Unlike the iPhone, the Infuse can take on a 32gb memory card. Even the front camera is mp, though iPhone's camera is better in general. It's customizable, lighter & has a larger screen. The iPhone is like a prefabricated tract home. They all look alike - squares on a screen. If you simply want a portal for apps, iPhone is your man. It's like an automatic transmission. Get in, sit down and ride. If you want customized phone that allows you to choose your gears, rev the engine, choose your options and tailor-make your experience, then Infuse is your guy.Big, beautiful, fast, vivid, customizable, tons of apps, works well.

Freezes on everything including sending texts and answering the phone. Battery dwindles to nothing after just 6 months. 4G does nothing. Can't upgrade OS. Get an iPhone.

So I got my new phone yesterday from amazon. I decided to go with the Samsung Infuse 4G just to try something different.Out of the box, the first thing you'll notice is the size of the phone itself. It's pretty big lengthwise (4.5 in screen) yet extremely thin, but still fits comfortably in my hand (I have huge hands). When I picked the phone up, I was in a state of disbelief at how light it is. It's really unbelievable how little the thing weighs. Overall the phone has a nice texture and looks rather professional. The glass on the front is made with corning gorilla glass, and looks gorgeous.The phone is lightning fast, especially compared to my iphone 3Gs. Everything loads instantly, whether it be applications or zipping through the menus. I am thoroughly impressed with the phone's speed. I'm new to android, and navigating the phone was very easy. It comes preinstalled with 2.2 (FROYO).The LCD screen is gorgeous (as are most samsung displays) and very bright. Even the lowest brightness setting is almost painful to look at in the dark for a long time.The camera is very nice. It has an 8 megapixel 4x zoom + LED flash, and takes great pictures. The video camera take beautiful recordings at 720p. There are some settings you can fool around with that you normally wouldn't see on a phone, which is nice. I'll upload some pictures to give an example.One of the cooler apps I installed and had time to fool around with was the N64 emulator, and to my suprise it ran flawlessly, no stuttering or anything. I played mario 64, and got the first star. I think this is a testament to the power and capabilities of the phone.I love the phone so far, way better than my old IPhone. Definitely pick this up if you're in the market for a new AT&T; phone. For the $150 price tag, I couldn't be happier.

I just got this phone a week ago and im loving it already!!! Its fast and the screen is amazing!!! I hate that everyone complains about 2.3 its not that big of a deal. This is a great phone for experienced and first time smart phone users. The 4g connection is great. I highly recommend this phone you wont be dissappointed!!!

For the record this is my first smart phone.  Before I bought it I read literally hundreds of reviews and comparisons, watched videos, went in and tested and handled countless models and studied the pros and cons of the three main smart phone operating platforms.  In our home we have and iPhone and iPad, Windows PC's and an Android tablet, so I've had plenty of exposure to mobile technology and am decently tech literateI purchased my Infuse about two months ago and I am thoroughly impressed and satisfied with it.  Yes, it is slightly older technology (only a single core processor and half a Gig of RAM).  However, when I compared it to more expensive phones, the extra speed you get from the two cores is not worth the extra money you pay.Here is why I like my Infuse so much:1. It is stable. I have had no freezes and it really performs brilliantly.2. The camera is excellent!3. It upgraded to Android 2.3.6 Gingerbread about a week after I bought it.  No glitches and no headaches.  (I bought it knowing it had 2.2 and may never get 2.3.6 so this was a HUGE plus).4. It has a clear and bright 4.5 inch screen that makes it actually usable. (I don't think I'll ever get anything smaller than this, this is what makes it useful and realistically a do everything device).Now here is what I have done to my phone to dial it in just right:1. Went to the Android Market and downloaded Go Launcher and went with its default theme. This makes a huge difference in the performance of the phone.2. I didn't go app crazy and indiscriminately download all kinds of crap to my phone. I shopped carefully and test drove a lot of apps, dumped a lot, and finally, kept the ones I found worthy.  Read before you download folks!3. I don't run a bunch of goofy widgets on my phone, actually just one, the Go Weather widget and it updates only when I check it.  You have to realize if you have all this stuff (widgets & such) running it's going to use all your RAM (memory) and your performance will degrade and you'll be saying, "Bad Phone! Horrible Phone!"  Also, skip the live wallpapers, they're pretty but they drain battery.4. Skip the App and Task Killers and Battery Defenders and all that. Why? a) They take up system resources (memory and battery) and b) You can use the stock Task Manager or one that is embedded in the apps screen with Go Launcher (turn it on in Settings). This phone has a half a gig of memory and it runs pretty well with it,  but after a long session of browsing, checking my calendar, making a few notes and doing other stuff, I'll just go in and with two taps the running apps and process are all cleared. (You have to remember to reboot it once in a while too - but how tough is that?)The battery is a little weak on this phone but it is sufficient.  I do everything I want: make calls, surf the web, take pictures, use Maps, use my calendar, play a couple of low key games, etc.  I don't set my screen on auto bright, I just keep it at about 60%, which is plenty.  The phone will tell you when to unplug it from charging, don't.  Let it charge overnight.  Do some research on battery conditioning.The GPS is solid, the Data and WIFI are easy and reliable, the speeds are great most of the time and I am just really impressed with the device.Two final points.1. Get a decent case (I have a Ballistic SG two piece case. Yes, it adds some bulk but it also adds a lot of protection. (You can skip the screen protectors, it has Corning Gorilla Glass and you don't need them).2. Life Tip: Don't reduce your life to a 4.5 inch screen or 3.5 or whatever you wind up with. Life is the people and world around you. Don't pull your phone out and stare at it every idle moment. Connect with people, make eye contact, smile, take in the world around you, use all your senses. Don't reduce the world and your life to a phone.It's a great phone / mini-computer. I highly recommend it!  Ciao!

I absolutely love this phone! The phone is snappy and very responsive. I got an amazing deal on the phone and have not regretted it! You will LOVE the phone!

I've had this phone for over 2 weeks. The screen and battery life have been great. I came from a DroidX and this phone is the real deal. My co-workers are amazed with the screen size and clarity. It is very lightweight and well built. I love my phone.

Overall:I enjoyed this "phone"...except that I got about 20 dropped calls a day and call quality was horrific. It functions great as a beautiful mini-tablet, but not really as a phone.The pros:- the screen is beautiful- Android market is great- As a former longtime-Iphone user I greatly appreciate how Android allows one to alter the appearance of screens, keyboards, etc. For example, the simple live wallpaper "beach" that came pre-installed on this Samsung is better than anything I ever had on my iphone - and it was just one live wallpaper of many! It is now unacceptable to me to not be able to modify even basic appearance and user-experience settings on my devices. I am really over Apple's one-design-for-everyone approach. Android is vastly preferable for this reason. End of rant.- battery was fine-Super bright colors and dark blacks- Netflix worked great. I have no idea why people have posted that one needs Gingerbread for it to work. I watched many Netflix films on my Infuse and they played great.The cons:-20 + dropped calls a day! I bought my gf an Infuse as well, and we still had this problem. The number of dropped calls actually increased with this phone over my iphone on ATT.-horrific sound call quality. I was asking "what?" about 50 times a day.-poor sound quality on music, even with expensive headphones. Sounded tinny most of the time.-It never felt like a phone, but rather like a small, glass tablet.-AT&T;, the biggest problem of all! I started to realize there was a problem when the ATT servers crashed multiple times even while BestBuy was trying to activate the phone. I have never had a phone carrier provide such lousy phone reception. I was with ATT for 3 years only because of the I-phone...but I do not plan on going back.-I wasn't a fan of the black background on everything from the calendar to the back of text messages. I know the Super-Amoled black is great, but sometime I like white backgrounds, esp. for reading text.Summary: Since Samsung has now released the Galaxy S2, I would go with this phone instead of the Infuse, unless you need to start with a cheaper phone. I switched to the Samsung Galaxy S2 on Sprint and am happy as a clam.

Decided to dump my Blackberry for an Android, and needless to say, there were a ton of phones and providers to sift through. I coincidentally decided to upgrade the week the Infuse hit the shelves, and when I saw it in the AT&T; store, I was sold almost immediately on the screen. A few more minutes playing with it and I was completely sold. Now two weeks later, I couldn't be happier.I mentioned the screen - bright, bold, and big. Thanks to the AMOLED, the black levels are better than my backlit LED HDTV. I decided to rip a few of my Blu-Rays to the device in 480p to see its full potential, and it's absolutely a pleasure to watch - sharp and ghost-free.It's thin - really thin, which makes up for its size in the other two dimensions. I have big hands and deep pockets, so the length/width isn't an issue for me (I actually like having some screen real estate so my sausage fingers can type on the touch screen). However, this is one of those phones that is you really need to get your hands on before you buy, just to make sure it won't be too big for you.Despite Samsung's decision to go with a slightly faster Hummingbird on this phone rather than a newer dual-core, it's still really fast. In day-to-day use it's been lag free, and I've only slowed it down a couple of times by purposely running several intensive applications. As long as you're good about closing applications you're not using, you'll probably never see any slow down.UI is nice, and if you've used an Android phone in the past, or if you're familiar with an iPhone, you'll be able to dive right in. It's quick and responsive. Apps are a piece of cake to download/install, and thanks to AT&T;'s policy changes, you can now use the Amazon App Store on this phone. Plenty of storage, with 16GB on-board and an external SD slot for up to 32GB more (though it comes with just a 2GB card).The camera is great - 8MP with flash (unlike the Captivate), though the LED flash is a little harsh in low light. This problem is not exclusive to the Infuse though - LED flashes just suck. The video, on the other hand, is exceptional. I took this to a friend's wedding last weekend in even in some tricky light situations, it maintained artifact-free recording at 720, with nary a hiccup. Output to HDMI works really well, though it does require you to carry around the HDMI adapter. A minor shortcoming.My highest praise for this phone, however, is that the battery life has been exceptional. I'd say I'm a moderate to heavy data user, and without any major power tweaks, Wifi on all day, the occasional viewing of video, a little Angry Birds mixed in, I can go almost two days without a charge. With minimal use and some manual management of the radio (turning of GPS, Bluetooth, Wifi), I can get almost three. I don't know of any other phone on the market with this kind of performance that even comes close. My girlfriend's Inspire and my coworker's iPhone 4 get a day each, if they're lucky, with similar usage.I could keep raving, but the bottom line: if you want a fully-featured phone with an amazing screen and exceptional battery, look no further. There are a host of new dual-core phones on the horizon, but whether or not they'll be able to match this phone in battery life is TBD. It's cheaper on Amazon, but before you click "Add to Cart", I'd highly recommend stopping into a store and checking one out first, just to make sure it fits in your hand.

My only issue with this phone is the battery life.  withe little moderate use,  I was not even enough until I go back to home from my office.  which is very much frustrating.  I set my screen brightness to the lowest possible and I usually close all the apps that I am done with the use.  I also make sure that they are closed properly from the task manager,  Still the need to rush for a charger.  I think, with any smart phone with very big screen will be having this problem,  but I am not sure about this problem before I choose this.Except the battery problem, rest of the experience with the phone is wonderful. Big screen real fun for games and videos. I feel it is better than my Samsung TV.

voice dialing on this phone does not mean that you can voice dial a name from your phone book.  You can dial a phone NUMBER using the voice command.  you CANNOT call someone from your phonebook/contact list by saying  (e.g.): 'call Joe's cell'  - even though it is an exact match to a name in your address book! the phone will pull a name from the internet , it seems, and try to call it, or, just come back with a screen list of possible choices!  I was trying this without my headset, by the way.  I even went to the ATT authorized store, and they tried it with the exact same results, even on another Infuse.  today, I called ATT customer service, and was told that it was an android issue.  So if this is an important feature to you - e.g., if you are driving and you want to be able to say 'call mom'  without taking your eyes off the road at 65 mph - don't get this phone.  this issue might be addressed in the Gingerbread update to the phone, but that is unknown at this time, at least to att & myself.  Forget trying to get through to SAMSUNG CUSTOMER SERVICE - TERRIBLE; on their web site, I tried voice chat, put in all the info, then got msg that it was not available. so I tried calling and was on hold for (not kidding) 30 minutes before I finally hung up. OTHER FEATURES: I tried the navigation once, pretty good, but it only got me to within 2 blocks of Best Buy  - guess I'll stick with Garmin.  Nice maps, tho, love the Google satellite maps on this phone.  A nice bright big screen, but still washes out in bright light, however.  Photos: color is not good, orangeish, even my grand-daughter noticed. ATT CUSTOMER SERVICE VERY GOOD - refunded my upgrade fee, and very good about trying to help; too bad they don't put this info on their website.  I have spent hours on this issue, and will be returning the phone, as this is an important feature to me.  I hope this review helps others.

This is my first android phone so I really don't have prior experience to fall back on or to affect my opinion. I absolutely LOVE this phone! I would recommend this phone to others. I know AT&T; isn't totally up to 4g and some complain that the phone is a bit slow...It's my first android and I think its very fast. There might be some slight delays but really people...waiting a second really isn't that big of a deal.The phone is thin, lightweight, a bit big (but I like it), fast, takes AMAZING pictures, easy to navigate, and comes with some very useful apps.The one con I have is that the back cover is amazingly thin! Within an hr of getting the phone I accidentally dropped it and the back popped off. Needless to say I made a quick trip to the local shopping mall to get a protective case...problem solved and my phone looks great.Others have complained about the battery life. I've used it hard for 2 days trying to get used to it and figure out how to use it on facebook, my email, and to navigate the Web. I still have half of my battery power. I do have "active applications" app on my home screen; it came with the phone. This tells me what apps are running in the background and gives me the ability to shut any (or all) down to save power.

I bought this phone coming off a Samsung Captivate.  I couldve chosen one of the Infuse's more advanced brothers (Galaxy S2 or the Skyrocket), but I chose this as a temporary until I can get my hands on an HD phone.Anyways, I'll mainly be comparing this to the Captivate, because they are quite similarly spec'd, but I have been able to use both together.Size - The Infuse is large, theres no doubt about it.  And it's also very thin.  This is good overall, because it maximizes the screen size.  However, it can be difficult to hold on to because it is so flat and wide, and the material on the edges aren't grippy.  The screen size makes doing everything very convenient.  However, if you have medium to small hands, you may not be able to reach all 4 corners of the screen without substantially adjusting your  grip.Materials/build quality - Although this is considered "lesser" to the Galaxy S line, The build quality is great and I find the materials superior to the Captivate.  The main frame is a hard-feeling material that does not seem to be plastic, but it has a smooth finish.  The battery cover is very thin plastic, but is hard-textured, so it works fine.  The phone itself feels solid in your hand, and doesn't feel like it would break, despite its large thinness.Camera - The camera is just decent.  It does 720p, and has 8mp, but in the end, I found the performance to be just okay, similar to the 5mp shooter on the Captivate.  On the other hand, it has an LED flash (which can be used as a flashlight in emergencies), and it has a front facing camera, both of which are very useful.Screen - So the Infuse has a 800x480 SAMOLED+ display.  Compared to the captivate, everything is much smoother (except text, which is pixelated because of low resolution).  The SAMOLED+ is an improvement over the regular SAMOLED in this respect, for the Captivate, in a pure white background you felt like you could see all those background pixels.  The brightness is similar to the SAMOLED, and just barely bright enough for use in full sun.Battery life - Its enough to lead a normal user through a full day, or two for a light user.Software - Just decent.  This needs to be upgrade to Gingerbread, but is stuck on Froyo.  Once this occurs, the software will be good.Speakers - Well, the speakerphone on the back is GREATLY improved over the Captivate.  While their max volumes are similar, the Infuse's speaker is much, much clearer and crisper, especially when listening to music or movies.  Its just a world of difference here, the Infuse's speaker can pass as a regular speaker, less the bass.4g - The HSPA+ 4g on this phone is a great upgrade.  I got 9Mbps down, and 1Mbps up on Speedtest.Speed - This has a 1.2Ghz single core processor.  Doesn't sound fast, but its fast enough.  If you are multitasking and loading a bunch of things at once, it will lag.  However, for most uses, its speedy.---Overall, I love the phone.  Unlike my captivate, which would randomly shut down, could not lock onto GPS satellites, and lagged a lot.  The Infuse is everything you really need in a Smartphone.  You get a big screen, dual cameras, SAMOLED+ technology, sufficient battery, great speakerphone quality, good 4g speeds, and a sturdy phone.

I bought a refurbished one from AT&T; for $20 and I was very happy that it came to me looking exactly new.  No one would think it is refurbished. After using it for quite some time, I am now an android fan and a Samsung fan.  Looking at the screen it's just a huge difference, it is now hard for me to look at a smaller screen on an iphone.GPS works great, makes voice directions as well.Google voice is a bit unpredictable.  It seldoms capture perfectly what I said word for word.Camera is a huge plus at 8 mb, can compete with a point and shoot camera.  Great features as well with flash.Battery is on a downside.  I charge it every day, sometimes twice to make sure I have enough juice.  I have a car adaptor, power cable both my office and home, to make sure I can recharge anytime.  I am sure it uses so much energy with the LED screen, GPS, wifi, allshare apps for videos, and apps that I use (pandora, amazon cloud, fb, games, etc. etc)It comes with 16GB internal SD card to which I added additional 8 GB micro SD.Android market is awesome.I don't like though the preinstalled apps, anyone knows how I can delete those?

I originally had an iPhone 3GS, but when it finally died I wanted to try out an Android phone to see what all the excitement was about.  I really liked the phone when I first bought it.  I thought it was cool and it worked alright.  But that was ~14 months ago.  About 8 months in, it began glitching often.  It would randomly close out of apps or freeze up, and towards the end it would just restart randomly and drain power.  Also, I really don't like how newer versions of Android (e.g. 4.0) came out but could not be installed on the phone.  With Apple devices, even with an old 3GS you can install the new iOS 6.On a positive note, the screen was big and the camera was really good.  Although a quick note about the camera--when battery life is low, it does NOT allow you to use the camera.  So annoying!Anyway, I finally got fed up with the phone glitching so I'm selling it to Gazelle for 84$.  My family all had iPhones and upgraded to the iPhone 5, but I'm still waiting for my eligible upgrade so I popped my SIM into my brother's 3 year old 3GS.  It's sad that a 3 year old iPhone 3GS works 1000 times better than this 1 year old Samsung Infuse 4G.

To sum up what I'm about to write: this phone is a bit sluggish out of the box, however some quick modifications that anyone could do will speed it up, it's in general a great device though.So I've had this for about a month now, and it's been nothing less(or more) than highly respectable. I haven't gotten any hangs, crashes, or freezes that weren't 100% my fault(for modifying the phone's software beyond factory specifications). The screen is large, however quite pixelated since it's still the 800*480 resolution seen on phones with 3" screens, but it is SAMOLED+, so it's got great black levels and doesn't use much energy in most situations when compared to LCD. However, I personally think the vibrancy of the screen is far, far, far overrated, my desktop has a slightly more vibrant CFL LCD screen, however it could just be a software issue on my end.Onto the speed itself, out of the box it's alright, however it can be made infinitely better by doing some simple things such as installing LauncherPro from the market, and rooting and removing AT&T;/Samsung bloatware. You can do a quick search on the internet for "ways to speed up android" and get many more suggestions which all have an effect, whether noticeable or not depends on what you're doing and your individual phone. There are far more advanced ways such as installing a custom kernel and overclocking, however you should NOT attempt this unless you didn't just have to google "what is a phone kernel" as it can damage your phone instantly and permanently.Sound, sound.. sound.... sound on this device is crap due to Samsung's horrific audio drivers, it shouldn't be noticeable to the non-audiophile however.The Gorilla Glass screen scratches like plastic, so I'd definitely recommend a matte/anti-glare screen protector, however a clear one will do. I don't know why my device scratches most of the time, I wear polyester pants with pockets that are easily turned inside out, so I always check to make sure there's not a grain of sand or anything harmful in my pocket, and yet it comes out looking like I had sandpaper in my pocket every time. Be sure to check out my Infuse screen protector review on my profile to see how to properly apply without getting dust or bubbles.ALL Samsung devices charge incredibly slowly, it might take 8 hours to charge from dead to full. Although your battery should NEVER remain dead or full for very long, leaving a battery at full charge degrades the battery quickly, as does discharging it fully. It's best to let it go down to 10% at the lowest, or 70% at the highest and then charge it fully, but unplug it as soon as it reaches full charge. They do NOT have a memory like all the propagandists would have you believe, so charging it from 60% to 70% 100 times a week isn't going to change anything compared to 20% to 100% 10 times a week.There's a lot more to say about it, but I'll stop there.

First off let me start by saying that I have had the iphone since its debut date, that being said when this phone arrived on friday first thing you will notice is the screen omg i kick myself for not switching sooner. The colors are so vibrant and clear the touch screan is up to par with the iphone i feel no lag at all. The only thing I can complain about is that the lock button is right across from the volume, really samsung not one of their greatest ideas i find myself hitting the volume up key everytime i go to lock it. Phone is really fast im able to multitask like a boss without having go into the task manager and stopping apps. If your on the fence about switching from ios to and android based phone this would be a good start you will not be dissapointed. Oh yeah battery last amazing on this thing i was able to play tower defense for 4 hours straight and my battery only went down to about 72% amazing simply amazing.

After using an iPhone for so long, I felt that it was time for something new and I saw the Samsung Infuse 4G. It's a bit bigger than my iPhone but the screen is sharp and colors so vibrant! Navigating the phone has been a breeze and everything loads really fast. While there are tons of options on this device (perhaps a bit too much, especially for those who have used iPhones for awhile), I've grown to appreciate it because there is so much you can do and many ways to customize such as setting custom ringtones for messages, widgets, etc. I also appreciate that it asks you first when you activate apps that require data usage if you really want to use it because of data charges(I guess it depends on the app?).What really sealed the deal for me was the 8MP camera as well as 720p HD video recording! Considering that the iPhone 4 only has 5MP camera, I thought this was pretty sweet. The photos really do look great and you can set the exposure level, different lighting environments, ISO, etc. I have yet to try the video though.One noticeable thing I noticed was that the wifi scanner is a bit delayed compared even to the iPhone 1G. While it will remember my wifi network, when I move to a new location, it will take as long as several minutes for it to scan and detect new networks. There are occasional times when even though I'm in my home area, the wifi icon won't show up for several minutes. So in summary:Pros:- Fast and responsive- Bright and vibrant screen- Long battery usage (the first charge lasted me 2.5 days!)- Awesome cameraCons:- WiFi slow to detect new networks- Synced ALL my Gmail contacts that I've EVER emailed as well as Google+ too! It took me awhile to re-organize it and do selective sync. Lesson learned: clean your Gmail contact lists before syncing!

This is only my second smartphone.  My first was a Samsung Intercept and it was so slow and buggy that I nearly threw it against a wall on multiple occasions.  But then I got my Infuse a few days ago and I can't say enough good things about it.  It is really big, but it's super-thin and super-light, so it doesn't really seem that big in your pocket (it doesn't weigh down or bulk out your pocket very much).  I love the battery life and the speed.  But by far the biggest pro for this thing is the screen.  It is a thing of beauty.  I seriously can't stop staring at the screen.Before I tried out the phone, I was worried about the size.  I was thinking of getting the Inspire instead because it is smaller.  Then I went to an AT&T; store and tried out the two phones and even though the infuse is larger, it feels smaller because it is lighter and thinner (by a lot).  So, that sold me and I couldn't be happier.

After months of looking around for my and my wife's first 'true' smart phone (new generation), I laid my money down on the Samsung Infuse and am thrilled I did.  My wife went with the HTC Inspire (mainly due to price), but after seeing how simple to use my Infuse was, and that the size wasn't that big of a deal, she traded it in for the Infuse as well in just 3 short days!Pros-Simple to use . . .It seemed everyone (Apple People) were so concerned that Android was so complicated to use on the reviews.  I have had no problems getting everything set-up, calendars synced, e-mail synced and widgets and apps loaded all without a single call for help.  I'm not an IT guru, just a 30 something teacher.  Now I can live without dragging around a day planner!! The HTC Inspire did seem a bit more complicated, and is the main reason my wife took it back.  Not that the Inspire was that tricky, she was just jealous how easily I was getting everything done on my phone.Size is GREAT (Surprisingly!) . . . I was also worried about the size originally, but have found it to be no problem at all.  In fact, the narrowness of the phone is one of it's best features and the width fits in my pocket even in jeans.  Girls, that's what you have purses for!  Even with a TPU 'gel' case the phone is sleek and unobtrusive.The Apps & Features . . . Come on!! These phones are crazy amazing.  I have had no glitches and the flow, speed and power are truly phenomenal.  Now this is my first 'real' smart phone, but what else can we really expect these things to do now?  The multiple home screens on the Android are a great start to getting your phone organized!CONS-No FM radio  . . . I know, old fashioned, but it's probably better off I don't go carrying this thing around the gym anyway.Battery Life . . . I guess that's just the name of the game with everything it can do .. 2 Days light usePrice compared to the Infuse . . . What do you expect? It's one of the slimmest phones with the largest screen on the market.DO NOT WORRY ABOUT THE SIZE, buy the phone and have NO REGRETS!!  Great phone!Also, as an aside, the HTC Inspire was a great phone especially for the price, which you really can't beat for $0-$29.

Switched to this phone for the screen size/look and the ability to use an sd card after non iPhone users bragged about how great Android phones were.Simply put, this phone locks up continuously and has cemented my decision to stick with Apple and the iPhone.

Many of the things posted are true.  The screen is bright, the camera is awesome, the phone is big, the battery life needs to be watched.  The challenge I found was getting the voice command to work properly.  My husband found the information online (after much searching).Go to your gmail account (the app is on the phone). Log in. Then, You can either import your contacts or go to new contacts.  I used "add new contact".  I can now text, call, and email by voice.  I have the same problem as I did with my headset for my old phone in that there are times when it doesn't understand me, but the more I use it the less that happens.Side note:  I have not been able to use my headset and make a call.  I have to click on the phone's microphone to make a voice call.

I appreciated a review here by "Ivan" and wanted to bounce off his "2 months later" post with my experience with the phone.1. Ivan mentioned that his unit takes 4 to 5 hours to recharge. I went round-n-round with Samsung tech support, which as anyone knows is one of the worst in the industry. After some board discussions and personal experience, I found out that COMPLETELY discharging the battery at least once monthly actually helps the battery hold a charge better. Also, I bought 4 2100mAh batteries for the Infuse which I rotate on a 5-day cycle. I also bought an auxiliary charger so that when one battery is charging, I've got another 4 I can use (counting the OEM battery). If i use the phone itself to charge the battery, it only takes 2 to 3 hours. If I use the generic charger, it does indeed take 4 or more hours to charge. (To completely discharge, turn on GPS and other battery drainers until the unit powers itself down. Then charge.)2. Ivan observed that "Your battery will drain while using it plugged in." That has not been my experience. Something may be defective on the connector of his phone.3 Ivan observed "GPS accuracy is not that great. It takes forever to determine your location..." Amen to that. But all GPS units need line-of-sight to the sky. I have found just sitting in car will prevent my phone from acquiring satellite signal. But if I stand outside in clear view of the sky, it does better. It still takes a little time, but so does my Garmin dedicated GPS unit.4. Ivan said that "The iphone keyboard is by far snappier and better..." I can't comment on that. I've never drank the iPhoney coolaid and don't ever want to. I use Swype on my Infuse and I love it. On a regular keyboard, I've been clocked at 45 to 55 wpm. But hey, I'm not writing a book on this thing (Well, actually I am but that's another story). Most of what I do is short text msgs, so I'm very happy with Swype.5. Ivan mentioned: "Although the dialing pad is fast its still not as crisp and fast as the iphone's dialing pad." My response: "Huh? What?" First of all, I rarely ever dial a number. I choose from my contact list or have created shortcuts. If it is business I'm looking up, I use Google's webpage number recognition and dial directly from the webpage. Finally, if I do need to dial a number, I use the voice action and just tell the phone: "dial 555-555-1234" and it does it. So I really am not sure what the big deal is about the dial pad. On the rare occasions that I have had to use it, it worked just fine.6. About incoming images, Ivan wrote: "Cannot zoom in or make full screen on picture messages received. I really liked doing that when i had an iphone." My response: That really is a minor inconvenience. Just save the image to your phone and then open & view it. Doing that, you can zoom just fine.7. Ivan wrote: "Extremely weak wifi antenna. If I go to my backyard which is not that far I lose the wifi signal. I can still use it fine inside the house. The only way for the wifi signal bars to be completely full is to hold it right next to the wireless router." My observations: I have a G-series router and live in a single level, 3-bedroom, 1200 squarefoot home. If I'm in the kitchen (farthest pt from router) my signal is one bar. If I am in the room with the router, I have full bars and no, I'm not touching the router.8 Ivan wrote: "4g speeds aren't really that much faster than 3g when browsing the web, unless you have full signal bars then you could notice a speed difference...but how often do you have full bars with ATT?" My response: I also live in Northern CA. Not sure what town he's in but I have great reception in the Central Valley and in the Bay Area (So that is San Francisco to Stockton and all points in-between EXCEPT the Alta Mont pass). And data speeds ARE much faster for me than my wife's Captivate which she still uses.I have only one other item to mention & that is about Samsung's Media Player--junk! I got one of the original Infuse phones on the first day of their release which came with $20 of free movie download. I was never able to download even one complete movie.This month (June 2012) marks my having the Infuse for one year. It is without exception the best phone I have ever had but it is also the first "smartphone" I've ever had. My upgrade won't come for about another 10 months and I've got my eyes on the upcoming Samsung Note II.So, the points that Ivan & I have differing experience on would only be a point of ponder. On the matters we agree on, you're going to need to ask yourself if those features are really that important to you.

I have never owned a smart phone before, I'm coming from a Motorola RAZR2 v9. The phone is a bit overwhelming for me until I figure out all the features but I have discovered one thing that I certainly don't like.One of the features I really wanted was the ability to connect to my home network (cutting down on my Data Plan usage). I am used to connecting to a laptop with wireless etc. by enabling the SSID for the router. The laptop/desktop etc. remembers the connection and I can disable the SSID on the router and continue to connect forever with that laptop/desktop.Not so with the Infusion 4G. If the SSID isn't constantly on enabled you get the message "(network name),Not in range,Secured WPA/WPA2 etc. etc." even though it has the security key to connect. As soon as you change the router SSID to disabled, the phone can't see it.I tried Samsung support and they said "oh, it's ok, just leave the router SSID enabled".In other words security of my home network isn't on thier priority list with this phone.Just a "Heads-Up" if you think it stays connected.UPDATE 8/3/2011:After trying Samsung support (which was no help with the SSID fiasco I mentioned), I have been all over the web searching for an answer to that problem.I have to admit that I was WRONG in my earlier review about not being able to use the phone on home wireless without leaving the SSID enabled, there is a way to connect with the SSID disabled.I am very impressed with this phone now that I understand it better by spending hours researching,etc., so I changed my rating to 5 star!IMHO the phone is great but samsung support is lacking.

My husband and I bought two of these phones for our anniversay in May. We experienced problems with the camera locking up from the beginning. Then my camera stopped responding and locking up. When contacted I was told that I had exposed my phone to moisture and voided my warrantee. My phone has not been exposed to abnormal moisture. Apparently, sitting this phone next to a cup of coffee, leaving it on you bathroom counter while showering, or letting a rain drop hit it changes the moisture indicator from white to PINK or RED. This is how they get out of replacing these phones made in china when there is a hardware issue.

Had an iPhone 4 with Att wireless for the last 22 month. Nothing but trouble, from day one Att wireless  been dropping 50% of my calls or maybe more. I have had to leave my office to talk on the Att wireless phone. Att Wireless was charging $138 per month on the unlimited everything plan which over the 24 month contract is well over $3000. Trasfered to Tmobile on a prepaid plan unlimited everything for $60 per month. Now i am surfing at 4g instead of 3g, I speed tested the Tmobile phone at 4-5 Mbps which is much faster the my old Att wireless phone. Best of I can now talk on the phone without having to walk outside my office. Still thinking about Att wireless? Save yourself some money and a whole lot of aggravation and stay away from Att Wireless.

I love everything about the phone except the GPS is way inaccurate and sometimes the phone battery will not charge when plugged in.There is no way you can use Google Maps for navigation because the GPS is so inaccurate. It will show you one to two blocks away from where you are standing.  And, it will show you jumping all around the map and pointing in different directions. AT&T; said it could be related to the phone reception.  So, I drove around with my co-worker who has an HTC phone. Both phones showed multiple bars. It's the phone not the reception.Imagine the battery is at 20% and you plug it in.  2 hours later you notice that it's not charging and the battery is at 10%. AT&T;'s said "take out the battery and SIM card then re-install and see what happens".  It worked fine for the rest of the day. However the next day I had to take the battery and SIM card out again to get it to take a charge. BTW, Samsung tech support is as useless as AT&T.;  Lot's of finger pointing.I called Amazon support. They were great.  They had heard of the GPS problem and said a software fix is  pending.  They sent a replacement phone for the charging problem. The second Infuse has the same GPS accuracy and charging problems.  I plan to wait two more weeks for a software fix for both. If it doesn't show, I will return it for a full refund within the 30 day grace period. I am thinking of a Verizon phone but I have my doubts about ever buying Samsung again. Do NOT BUY the Infuse unless you hear these things have been fixed.

I have had this phone for about 8 months now and i must say its the worst phone i have had. it freezes on me, its battery is the worst. The android os is nothing compared to my iPhone and the construction of the phone is cheap. It just stopped charging out of no where so now i have to buy a new charger. i would not buy a samsung phone ever again. To be honest, spend the extra 50 bucks and but the iPhone.

When I was due for an upgrade from AT&T;, I switched from my old I-phone 3G, and thought I'd give Android a try.  The Infuse is terrific by comparison, but I suppose any of the new phones would beat my old one.  The display is awesome, call quality good at both ends, internet is speedy, and there are lots of great apps.  I wear a size L glove, so the size of the phone is very nice, but it's thin enough that I easily carry it in the pocket of my Levis.  As a PC user, I like the sync features.  Calendar or contact entries immediately show up on both my computer Google accounts and my phone.  If I get a Gmail notice of a meeting or other event, it shows up on my phone calendar, without my having to enter it.  With the I-phone, contacts only synced when I hooked up to I-tunes via USB, and there was no calendar sync (the price of my ambivalence in being both an I-phone and PC user).  I like the fact that I don't have to physically hook the phone up to my computer to have automatic sync.  There are even apps that allow download of pictures, music, and other files from the PC to the phone without the need of a USB hookup.There some problems (not insurmountable) in switching from I-phone to Android:  I-phone contacts are not saved on a sim card, so I needed to have AT&T; do that for me before I put it in the new phone.  Even then, the only contact info that was saved was the phone number.  I use my phone as a portable Rolodex, so, in order to get complete contact info to my Infuse, I had to find a way to get it into Gmail contacts, so it would sync to the phone.  Since I-phone contacts are synced through I-tunes to Windows Contacts on a PC, I had to convert those files to V-card files and import them one by one to Gmail contacts, as I couldn't figure out how to do it en masse.  It's easy, but time-consuming, but I felt I needed to back up my contacts in case I lost the phone.  If someone has figured out an easier way to do this, you might post it, as it would be helpful to others who are as clueless as me about such things.BTW, if your contacts are backed up to Gmail, you can't back them up to AT&T; Address Book (AT&T;'s cloud back up service) -- something I didn't learn until I called AT&T; wondering why I couldn't access the service.  No matter -- I was told that the Gmail backup was more reliable.  Now that I'm set up, everything is very handy, but I don't think I want to go back to I-phone in the future.Some folks are waiting for the new Galaxy to arrive, but I went ahead with the Infuse, as the new Galaxy promises to be very expensive in comparison.Updating my review:  I have never been able to back up my contacts from the phone to Gmail.  The sync feature would only go one way -- from Gmail to the phone.  After speaking with several support people at Samsung, I was finally informed that syncing both ways is not possible, despite published material saying it was.  So ... if you add a contact to the phone, it is necessary to manually add it to Gmail as well, if you want a backup, as it will not sync from the phone.  This is apparently an issue with Samsung androids that they are working on, and may have a fix in the future.  I still love the phone, but have spent a lot of time trying to resolve this issue -- I wish I'd known.

I have been an iPhone 3G user for over a year and I love the iPhone. However I hate iTunes so I wanted to look into an Android phone.The Samsung Infuse has a beautiful screen, it's slim and light, and navigation seemed easy enough. I like the Android interface, customizations, widgets, and the beautiful live wallpaper. Apps opened very quickly and ran well.The sound quality on my Samsung Infuse was not as clear and good as my iPhone 3G. I had a few people complain that they had difficulty hearing me. One of those times I was on a Bluetooth headset, and I never had a single complaint about sound quality with my headset on my iPhone, but on this phone my husband couldn't hear me well with the bluetooth headset enabled.The signal strength was not as good as my iPhone 3G. I lost my signal in areas where I was able to make calls from my iPhone. I was disappointed because I do live in a rural area with lots of weak signal areas, and I need a phone that works in those areas!  The iPhone always did well for me, even in weak signal areas.Another problem for me was the phone was a little too wide for my hands. With the iphone, I had it in a case and the case fit well against the palm of my hand. This phone, being so thin and flat, I could only grip it by the beveled edge. My palm had no contact with the phone. It slipped out of my hand so many times! The phone feels so fragile because it's thin. That said, it fit really well in my pocket (without a case). I was afraid of breaking it all the time though.I am left-handed, and that's never really been a problem before in using a phone, however with the Samsung Infuse, maybe because the screen is so wide, I found it was really awkward to hold and control with my left hand. The volume rocker on the left and the power button on the right are positioned in such a way I was getting them constantly and annoyingly confused.Another issue that may just affect left-handers, according to what I read on the internet (may not be true, I can't confirm) when you answer the phone with your right hand, something inside the phone (accelerometer maybe?) senses the movement and understands you are answering the phone, and it locks the touch screen so you don't accidentally touch the "end call" button. It didn't screen-lock when I answered so I ended up accidentally hanging up on people.The phone has a front-facing camera but as of this writing, it doesn't support Skype video chat.The screen is beautiful, however there is no Netflix app like there is for the iPhone, and no Hulu plus app, although there are some other android phones that can get Hulu plus.The music player wasn't very easy to use or very handy, the battery life was poor for me - it could not hold a charge through a full day, on my unit, the headphone jack didn't work. All of these things combined to make it the wrong choice of phone for me.

I've had the phone for 5 days. There isn't anything bad I can say about it. The screen is large and clear. The colors vibrant. The speaker sound and call quality is way better than my 2008 HTC S710.I only use Outlook on my notebook (no Exchange server) so I was concerned about trying to sync with Outlook since the S710 is Win mobile and the Infuse is Android. While there is no USB support for Outlook sync included in the phone, I was able to sync my Outlook contacts with my Google account. I used Go Contact Sync Mod which I got at sourceforge.net for contacts and Google Calendar add-on which I got from Google for calendar. Set both to sync with Google periodically and the Google account will sync with the phone automatically.There is no lag time on the phone and the battery life is quite acceptable. 92% of my battery use so far has been display time-I've been paying with it so much.I couldn't decide whether to jump now or wait for the Galaxy S2. I'm glad I got this phone. I really like the bigger screen- I can add an appointment without putting on my glasses and it is incredibly light in the handbag. The bigger screen is also easier to type on.Unless you have to have the newest technology, this is a solid phone and a good user experience.

What can I say. I really love this phone. It's quick. It's fast on the download. Typing is accurate. The camera is good. The styling is great. It's slim. Having the larger screen just makes everything so much easier - and it's exciting for multimedia.I was disappointed that Tango wasn't working quite right, so I went to the Tango Web site to find a cure. Evidentally, there are a few different Samsung phones, including the Infuse, that are having trouble with sending a rotated and zoomed in video to the other party. The tech support said that they are aware of the problem and that the engineers are working on a fix.One great benefit - you can use the Amazon App Store without taking extraordinary measures or rooting the phone. This is not possible on all ATT phones, so it's a welcome change. It means you can take advantage of the free app they offer every day and use your Amazon account to purchase apps.I was worried about the phone fitting into my jeans pocket and allowing me to sit down. I found out that if I rotate it sideways, I can sit down easily. It's very slim and light, so you don't feel like you are carrying a brick. I'm so happy that I got this phone.

I had a Samsung Captivate that was recently destroyed. I left it on top of my car and drove down the highway, no joke, and I actually found the pieces. Needless to say, I needed a new phone, and I've had my eye on the Infuse since it came out.The big sell for me was the large display, I have no vision problems, but I always felt that my Captivate's 4" screen was too small.I walked in the store, pointed to the Infuse, and within 30 minutes I had one in my hands. It took me less than a day to realize just how nice this phone really was. The screen is simply brilliant. My co-workers were blown away by the quality of the screen (all of them own Androids, with the exception of one, who has an iPhone).It also didn't take me long to notice the speed improvements. The Captivate is definitely noticeably slower. Don't get me wrong, the Captivate is decent, but I'm a power user. I have apps running / widgets / live wallpapers. And after awhile, my Captivate felt bogged down. I have my Infuse setup identically and it doesn't even hiccup.The front facing camera is a nice bonus, and the battery life is surprisingly good. With the Captivate, I took it off the charger at 9AM and I was re-charging at about 6PM. With my Infuse, I went from 8AM to 9PM and I used the phone all day. I was blown away.To put it simplyPROS-Screen size-4G (HSPA+)-Battery-Front facing camera-Thin / Light-Amazing speaker / sound quality________CONS (All minor / small issues)- Froyo (would be nice to see a newer version)- HDMI needs dongle to workNote: I'll definitely be keeping this phone for a longtime, does EVERYTHING I need it to.

This phone is outstanding; it has a big beautiful screen, with all the buttons and menus and gizmos in the right place. It's an Android phone, so if you're used to Android, it shouldn't take long to get used to the Infuse.Here's the rub: The GPS (and hence real-time Google Maps positioning) is simply unusable.The GPS takes several minutes to attain a fix, and sometimes never actually attains a fix. *If* it does, most often it either contains an error radius too large to be useful (like the size of Texas), or its flat out wrong. I use Google Maps when driving in a new area to find my way around, find gas stations, coffee shops etc. Sadly, the Infuse is worthless for this. Despite the awesomeness of the phone as a whole, I will be returning it. A bad GPS is a deal-breaker for me.I have not seen any communication from Samsung on this issue, so I am left to  assume they are in denial or blame "user error". If you are in the market for a new phone and if Google Maps is important to you, wait for this issue to be resolved before buying the Infuse.

This phone is amazing! It has the largest screen of any phone that I have ever used, which makes it a real pleasure to browse the web and watch video on. It has all the advantages of a tablet, but in a phone-sized form-factor. Beware, though, this thing won't fit in tiny pockets so, ladies, you'll have to carry a purse! The phone is also amazingly thin, which prevents it from feeling bulky. It's also pretty light, even if you don't consider its awesome size.One crazy thing about this otherwise awesome phone is that the microSD card that it comes with is only a paltry 2GB. It does come with 16GB of internal storage, but still... While that would be enough for my mom, if you have a large music collection or want to watch some HD movies, you'll definitely want to invest in a larger SD card.The speaker on the phone is nice and loud, which makes for great call quality. I even had my Grandfather make a call on the phone, and he is a little hard of hearing. He was surprised at how well he could hear and wanted to know where he could buy one! Now that I think about it, that would be a great ad campaign for Samsung: "This isn't your grandfather's phone... or is it?"Like the Droid Incredible 2, it has an 8 megapixel camera on the back, which is pretty good quality. Great for taking Facebook pictures, but invest in a real camera for serious photography. :)The best thing about the phone though, obviously, is the seriously amazing screen. Streaming TED talks are absolutely gorgeous. I don't know what secret juice Samsung has put in the screen, but it's seriously a delight to use. Web page text is crisp and bright, and the phone is even usable in direct sunlight. The battery powering that massive screen lasts about a day of heavy use, *maybe* two days of light usage, but that would be pushing it. This is definitely a phone that you want to charge at night. Charging also takes a while because of the high capacity battery.Altogether, this phone is seriously killer! It's only single core, but the UI is really snappy. Downloads are crazy fast compared to my old 3G and it has a huge screen that is positively to die for. Even though it's a large phone, it manages to stay slim and trim. However, people with small hands or small pockets might want something smaller, but I doubt it!

I'll keep this short and quick. I love this phone. The large screen is the envy of many iPhone users. The battery life is great. The web browser is great. The camera is suprisingly great.One minor complaint/question? How it is that I can't Select+Copy+Paste text from e-mails or webpages using this phone? If I'm a complete idiot, please let me know - this is my one frustration with this phone.UPDATE: I'm seeing online that this phone just doesn't have the ability to select text to copy and then paste. Having been a Blackberry user in the past (which has had that capability for years now) and needing a smartphone for work, the lack of a Copy+Paste feature is really annoying. Otherwise, this is a very good phone.

I'm having this phone for the last 2 weeks.Most of my friends have iphone4/3gsThis phone's display beats iphone way better.If you want to see the difference, goto at&t; store and check yourself..No compromise in Android apps to apple apps.pros:best display, 8MP camera, SD micro slot and voice activated google search.cons:The 4.3 inch screen might be bigger for some.I love this phone and it fits in my pant pocket.

I have been using an iPhone 3GS and was reluctant to change . But the screen was too small. So I switched to an android phone . The first one I got was a Htc , but that sucked. So I asked the 25 year old sales person what would she recomend , and she said I have  a " samsung infuse 4g " I love it .. Well I looked at the screen size and fell in love .Pros: big screen , finally I was able to  read email and  txt messages.Very light phone .Big screen , oh yeah I said already .Easy to use , samsung did a good job. Easy user interface.Battery life is better than most android phones.Able to use as a modem, meaning I can you this phone as an Internet connection for my notebook... Can't do that w/ iPhone , unless you jailbreak it ..Overall, I would give this phone 4.5 stars out of 5 . Highly recommend .

I liked this phone when I got it in January or Febuary. It's only been seven or eight months and it's broken already.I hardly ever dropped it, and when I did it was on carpet. I may have dropped it on a tile floor once. It got scraped on one corner, as if I'd dragged it across asphalt. The screen was pretty durable and never got scratched. The touch screen wasn't very sensitive though, and sometimes it lagged. It did have a GREAT camera. Too bad all the pictures are lost, as well as my contacts. It doesn't give you the option to save your contacts to the sim card. I never got Bluetooth to work. I never used the internet on this phone because I didn't want to go over my data limit. During calls it would stay locked for a little bit then randomly light up, so I accidentally cut many calls of by hitting the end call button that way. It also would randomly call people if you were in your texts and accidentally hit their picture. It would sometimes hae full signal but try to send texts for hours, even though I had full signal. Also it was great to check my email on the go. Until it stopped conecting to my email. Every time I tried to check it, it said that it couldn't connect to the server with full signal when it did with little signal before.Now here's the biggest problem I had with it: battery life. I only had to play a couple minutes of a game, and if the charge got below half while playing, the phone would shut down and not turn back on until charged. It drained battery life to read on the Kindle app for about 10 minutes or play a game like Temple Run for about 3 minutes. Then the charger would fall out of the phone, so I had to use a rubber band to keep it in. Once it's dead, it won't come back on until charged.And finally, why it's broken. As I stated before, I had to use a rubber band to keep the charger in. I didn't mind it so much at first, but now it won't charge at all. It doesn't even sense a charger. It's not the charger either, because my whole family has Samsung phones and they all have the same chargers. I tried it on two different ones, and even on the car charger. Nothing. I've lost all my vacation pictures and contacts that I added while I had the phone (on my old phone it let me save to my sim card). So now I'm stuck with a broken phone and a year and four months before upgrade or I could get a new one and just let it happen again.

My husband and I both purchased a Samsung Infuse 4G and signed up with a new contract through Amazon Wireless.Previously, my husband had only a very basic, low-tech phone, and I had a Samsung Alias. We decided it was time to quit being tech laggards :)We really enjoy the Samsung Infuse. Yes, it's big, but it's thin and the size does not bother us one bit. The screen is beautiful. The interface is intuitive. We are in the process of coverting our CDs to digital music and really appreciate that there is enough memory on the phones to use them as portable music players. Now we just need to purchase a blue-tooth speaker... Also, the speaker on the phone is great! Don't get me wrong, it's still a cell phone speaker and has limitations, but I bring it into the kitchen and stream Pandora while cooking...awesome!I've read a lot about people who gripe about it not yet having the latest Android Gingerbread O.S., or not having dual-core processors, but what it currently has works great!In summary, we are very happy with our purchase thus far, and even happier that we purchased the phones from AmazonWireless and saved a chunk of money :)

This could be a great smartphone - it's got a big beautiful display and lots of features.  The problem is the phone has a bad habit of freezing up - especially when on the charger overnight, overheating, and randomly restarting, sometimes in the middle of a call.  I can not trust this phone and have to check to make sure it hasn't froze up.  It could be sitting on the desk then all of a sudden the screen goes blank, it buzzes a few times and then nothing.I noticed this in the first month I had it so I was able to get a new replacement but the new one does the exact same thing.  There was a slight firmware update that looked like it had fixed some bugs but the biggest problem persists. I've called AT&T; and they were absolutely no help telling me to reset the phone and i need to pay to change models.  I'm hoping if they ever bring out Honeycomb (android 2.3), it will fix the bugs but I'm not sure when if ever that will happen and AT&T;'s customer service is a joke.A couple of other notes:  The wifi on here is a little weak so if your AP is too far, it may not work.  The GPS cuts out while driving at times too, but then it's not a dedicated GPS device so if you really need GPS for driving, maybe get a dedicated one.  Voice quality is also very muffled on this phone.I say, move along and get another phone.  Heck, go with Verizon.

Ok so at first I loved this phone so much, even more than my old iphone 3g because of its ease of use and its capabilities. The camera is great and love the self portrait camera on front but its quality is not that great.  I got the phone  last august and it worked great for about 4-5 months then started overhearing while charging. I'd pick it up in the am after charging all night and even through the cover it was so hot I had to drop it! Since then it hasnt done it all that much only if I leave an app open. For about 4 months ive noticed it freezes alot if you have too many apps on the phone, even if theyre not running. The screen will turn black and then eventually go back to the home screen but has to reload all the icons as if the phone had been turned off. Either that or the phone gets stuck on the black screen and you have to take out the battery to reset it. Very frustrating when it happens daily. Since then ive deleted apps and just downloaded them on my kindle fire, but if you dont have that option, youll have to really pick and choose what apps you want. Even now it still freezes though. Good phone overall, but im definitely getting a different phone when it comes time to renew...

My wife both had this phone and after 6 months the phone stopped charging. We had to buy extra batteries and charge them in a separate charger and swap out the batteries continuously. I boughtAmazonBasics Wall Charger with USB Outlet (2.1 Amp Output)and the issue of not-charging is gone! We've been using this for the last month and the phone charges every item now. Hope this helps others with the same issue.

I bought this phone after my iphone 3g broke.  This phone is like night and day compared to an iphone 3g.  There is simply no comparison.  I even compared it to an iphone 3gs and its still blows it out of the water.  The screen is huge and really clear, I think it's almost as good as the retina display from iphone. This phone is thin and powerful.  This phone is really fast the only lag i've seen is when a webpage has a lot of flash player running then it's a little laggy to zoom in and out but its no big deal, the phone keeps up fine.  There are way too many good things about this phone to just focus on the lag that it has when web pages are running flash player.  People that i show my phone to think its too big for them, also for small people who wear tight jeans it would be hard to fit the phone in their pockets. For me the size is perfect because pictures, movies and the internet look absolutely beautiful!...Glad I waited to get this phone and glad I chose it over the iphone.2 MONTH UPDATE!!!Ok so ive been using this phone for 2 months now and i have been getting a lot of compliments on the phone and i really like it but since i already named the great things about the phone im going to name the bad things about it and take a star away.  First and foremost no phone is perfect that being said here are the NEGATIVE things about the phone...1. The battery charge time, it takes a good 4 to 5 hours to completely charge your phone but it will last all day with moderate use.2. Your battery will drain while using it plugged in.  I have owned many electronic devices over my life and this is the first device that will actually drain the battery while using it plugged in.3  GPS accuracy is not that great.  It takes forever to determine your location and once it does it is not as accurate as the iphone.  Ive compared with iphone and the iphone determines GPS location much faster. It's so slow to pick up your exact location that most of the time its unusable.4. Keyboard. The iphone keyboard is by far snappier and and better than this keyboard...yes you can download apps that will make this keyboard like the iphone but its still not as good as iphone5. Although the dialing pad is fast its still not as crisp and fast as the iphone's dialing pad.6. Cannot zoom in or make full screen on picture messages recieved. I really liked doing that when i had an iphone.7. Extremely weak wifi antenna.  If i go to my backyard which is not that far i lose the wifi signal. I can still use it fine inside the house. The only way for the wifi signal bars to be completely full is to hold it right next to the wireless router.8  4g speeds aren't really that much faster than 3g when browsing the web, unless you have full signal bars then you could notice a speed difference...but how often do you have full bars with ATT?

The Infuse is a terrific phone until you need to password protect the screen.  I connect to a Microsoft Exchange Server that requires a security password. Once you establish a password each time you make a call the phone the screen blanks and in order to access the phone you need to enter the password.  It also locks while you are talking so if you access the internet while on the call the password is required.  I contacted both ATT and Samsung and found that is the way it works.  No fix unless you can disable the password.  This is also true with any touch screen phone Samsung makes.

I've been an iPhone user for almost 3 years now and I agree it's the phone that "changed everything". I was waiting for the iPhone 5 but when I saw this phone with its gigantic screen I was so amazed. I put my iPhone right next to it and they look like 10 generations apart.The Samsung Infuse looks and feels way better in person than on the pictures, it has all the goodies of the upcoming Samsung Galaxy SII (just less RAM and non-dual core processor) but the screen is ginormous. It's a good alternative to the 7" tablets since it's smaller, lighter and you don't have to carry the phone and the tablet.Call quality could be better but overall I'm very impressed. Still waiting for gingerbread update from AT&T;.

I've had the phone for a little less than a week now and I really like it.  This is my first 'really' smart phone after upgrading from an LG Xenon.  The differences are impressive.  I'm not sure if they're due to different manufacturer or just the natural evolution of technology.  After all, two years is a tech eternity.Pro's:* Android: I don't really care that it's not the very latest version.  2.2 is working fine so there's no rush to upgrade the OS. It will come when it comes. In the meantime, I really like the Android OS.* Screen: Bright and clear.  Vibrant color.  Touch screen is a huge improvement over anything else I've used.  A lot of thought went into studying how people interface with the phone.  I think this is probably the most important feature of the Infuse.  It's not just a bunch of bells and whistles, Samsung paid a lot of attention to 'how' the phone is used.  This is the most intuitive computer I've ever used. For example, when you hold the phone up to your ear the screen locks so you don't push buttons with your ear, but when you take it away  the screen automatically unlocks. Brilliant!* Voice:  Talk about a grand slam. No training and it gets it right.  I'm just getting started with voice but there's little doubt that voice commands and dictation will become the standard way of using the phone.  This is an excellent first step in interacting with a computer by voice.  I can't wait to see what the future holds for this technology.* Android Apps:  I can say, without any doubt, that you can install apps from the Android App store.  I downloaded a bunch of them yesterday.  It appears the AT&T; lockout is over.* 3G Speed:  It's not as fast as a PC, (I'm spoiled by cable internet for download speed), but 3G seems to be plenty fast.  Not much waiting at all.* CPU Speed: Compared to the Xenon, the Infuse is extremely fast.  Apps come up very quick and I don't have the frustrating wait like I had with the Xenon.  CPU speed is more than adequate.  Of course, as an old computer user, I believe there's always a need for more speed.* Camera: Another winner!  Beautiful pictures from a cell phone, you gotta be kidding me!  I'm not.  The 8MP camera produces the best pictures out of anything I have, which includes several digital cameras.  It's another feature Samsung put a lot of thought into.  Not only does it take great pictures, it has a lot of functions and settings, giving the user an impressive amount of control.*Ear Buds: Somehow I missed that the Infuse comes with a set of earphones/buds. In this case I think they're not described accurately.  These shouldn't be called earphones, they should be called a sound pump. Talk about a WOW moment.  When I turned up the volume I was very impressed.  Then I discovered the little 5.1 button.  Since I was learning the phone I pressed it to see what it was.  I went from being impressed to being totally blown off my chair.  Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound!  You gotta be kidding me, (again)!!!! Best sound experience I've ever had with a set of headphones, PERIOD!As far as con's go, there aren't many.  There isn't a single thing about the phone that I really dislike.  The only negatives I've encountered probably have more to do with me just getting used to a new piece of tech. Rather than con's, I see these negatives as nothing more than things that could be better.  Most of the negatives have to with something I call 'Task Intensive Computing'.  Task intensive computing is defined as "Why do something with one or two clicks when you can do it in four or five clicks to achieve the same result." I'm not sure who's at fault Samsung or Android, it's still frustrating.  I sure wish programmers would spend more time considering how to accomplish any task with the least amount of effort.* Closing apps:  Considering the limits AT&T; has on data transfer, easily closing an app should be a no-brainer, but it's not.  Here's one of my Task Intensive Computing peeve's.  You have to go into the Task Manager to be certain an app is closed.* Deleting files and icons:  Another TIC peeve.  There should be an easier way to delete a file or icon without having to get an app for it.  The process of pressing down on an icon and having to wait for the trash can to appear, then having to drag it to the removal point is a huge waste of time.  I want to do what I want to do, when I want to do it.  What's the point of having a fast phone if it takes extra time to accomplish something as basic as deleting.* Touch screen might be a little too sensitive: I'm sure this is more my fault than the phone's, but it's nearly impossible to do anything without unintentionally hitting something on the screen.  How you hold the phone or pick it up is something that has to be re-learned.  It's different and I find that I'm constantly opening things up that I didn't want to.* Lock button directly across from the volume button:  Another thing that's tough to get used to is that to lock/unlock the screen, the button is directly across from the volume down button. This position is not very ergonomic.  It's natural to put your opposing finger directly across from the lock button, but in doing so you will almost always turn the volume down to -0-.  This requires the user to get used to holding the phone in an unnatural way.* Answering Calls: I don't like having to slide the answer button to answer a call.  If I get a call I want to answer it not slide an icon across the screen two or three times before I finally slide it over far enough for the phone to answer. I know the problem is something I can learn to overcome, but it's also something Samsung could make much easier.Screen Rotation: There's a lag when you rotate the screen from horizontal to vertical. I'm sure it's a complicated function for the phone to accomplish, I just wish it were faster.  Other phones don't have this much of a lag.* Recharging: The battery lasts long enough but recharging it takes more time than I expected.  Mostly I charge it by connecting the USB cord to my PC, but charging takes far longer than any phone I've owned.  It's probably a good thing because the phone gets warm when it's charging.  Not hot, but warm enough for me to notice when I got a call after the phone had been recharging for a while.* Nav Buttons:  I wish there was a way to keep the nav buttons on the bottom of the screen lit longer.  If it's dark it's hard to see them after the backlight turns off.  Considering how integral they are to the operation of the phone it's a bit of a PITA to accidentally hit the wrong button and have to navigate back.  I'm sure it's another thing that's more about me learning the phone, but I do think it's an area Samsung could make a little better.All things said, I really like this phone and I'm looking forward to integrating it into my daily life.  I see it as more of a tool for making my day easier and from what I've seen so far, it's up to the job.  I need to get used to it, but I can already see how it will change my life for the better.  It seems that whatever I need to do or keep track of, there's an app for it.  I'm sure that in two years, when I'm able to upgrade again, there'll be some new technologies in place that will make my Infuse look like a dinosaur, but for right now I think it's about as advanced as a phone can get.  The size is nice for me as I have big hands.  That makes the keyboard much easier for me to use.  It's big enough for me to use, but not so big that it won't fit in my pocket.  Like any computer, the Infuse comes pre-loaded with a ton of bells and whistles I'll probably never use, but I also see it as much more than a phone.  It's like someone opened a gate to a whole new experience. The amount of things I will be using it for is going to change the way I manage my personal and business day.  That says a lot for a phone.

This is my first smart phone and, other than the fact that AT&T; no longer provides unlimited data plans for smart phones, I think it was an incredibly wise decision waiting.  I read the online manual before purchasing so I was aware of most of the features.  There is a learning curve when going from a standard (not smart) phone to this phone, but if you are a little tech savvy then it's not difficult.  It was a choice between the HTC Inspire and the Samsung Infuse.  The only thing that this phone had that the Inspire didn't was the forward facing camera.The screen is big, clear and bright.  The phone, for its size, is shockingly light.  I have small hands and it doesn't fit great, but it's not enough to whine about.  You can read books on this phone along with many other things.  I like the notification bar.  I don't like the apps that AT&T; forces on your phone.I wasn't prepared for the lack of battery life.  I am not an avid data user, other than texting, but it seems that this phone dies really quick.  I'm charging it, pretty much, daily.  I've turned off the GPS and am starting to turn off the wifi when I'm not using it.  We'll see if that helps.Other than a few minor things, this phone is great.  It blows the iPhone out of the water and the Android apps available can compete with Apple any day.  I would highly recommend this phone.

I got it as a part of ATT plan with two year contract. USB connection no more works (does not appear on my computer as a device). Bluetooth never worked (When I attempted to use Bluetooth I was already out of the warranty period, unluckily). Stuck with smart phone which is not smart anymore along with a two year ATT contract!

It was all I expected and more. I love the large screen, keypad, camera and apps. I wish they would come up with a smaller one

I don't want to make this a typical iPhone 4 vs Other Phone review but seeing as how I switched from an iPhone 4 I can't help but make a few references. Recently I dropped and cracked my iPhone 4 and I decided to try something new. Worst case I could switch back when iPhone 5 comes out. I am not new to the Android OS and I was a little hesitant to go back after my experience with the Droid X. Physically I loved the phones but I had a lot of crashes and freezes.Understand that you are getting a sizable phone. To me it is a huge asset as it makes surfing the web and watching movies a joy on the giant vivid screen. Some may not appreciate the larger feel. It is larger yet thinner and essentially the same weight as an iPhone 4 (137 vs 139 grams). It has never once felt like a burden.This review is more focused on the phone but a quick bit about  Android. I have had some little blips with android, a crash on the rare occasion, but this is the best execution of Android OS  on any phone I have handled. (it is still with Android OS 2.2 as of this review). The app store is sizable. Not sure it will ever compare to the Apple selection but it has plenty of quality applications both free and paid. Also I LOVE Swype which is a keyboard that comes preinstalled allowing you to drag your finger around the keyboard to effortlessly spell words. Quick and even easier with this large screen.I have never had a Samsung before. This has a great built in music player. When I had a Droid X it was a hassle playing music because there was no good built-in player and the app selection had a lot to be desired in 2009. There are a plentiful amount of little design choices that Samsung made that make this phone a pleasure to use.The built in Video Player app plays just about anything, even .mvk files. No stuttering or choppy frame rate (unless you have a terrible video file of course).The camera is hands down the best I have seen in a phone. Megapixels don't mean everything but this 8MP camera is spectacular. Crisp clear photos all the time.I'm not even sure what Samsung's buzzword "Super AMOLED" means but they don't lie when they say it makes for a gorgeous screen. There is no clear winner on that front between iPhone 4 and Infuse in my eyes but the screen sacrifices no quality for its 4.5in size.I have no use for the front-facing camera but know it is there if that is something that fits your needs. I have not used the mini-USB to HDMI dongle either but I am glad to have it. It comes with the phone.Lastly battery. Android phones tend to be notorious for quickly killing the phone battery. This phone puts that issue to bed. I don't have a specific number but I use my phone quite a bit for various tasks, probably even heavily compared to an average user, and it often lasts me from morning to early evening. Plenty longer if I gave the poor thing any rest. Also it has a removable battery so a second battery is an easy way to double your phone's life without a charge.All in all I could not recommend a phone more.

I previously owned six (6) Dell Streak 5" Android phones (from Dell). However, as much as I wanted the Dell Streak 5 to work, I experienced myriad reliability problems with basic phone operation & its operating system. Nevertheless, I enjoyed Dell Streak 5, but I just couldn't get it to remain reliable.Next, I surveyed the various Android PC-phones, and iPhones on the market. At the top of my list was ATT's Samsung Infuse (primarily due to its brilliant & large 4.5" display and well-designed form factor), MTC variants, and iPhone4.After much thought, I chose Samsung Infuse (about 2 weeks ago), and I am extremely pleased with the choice. Interesting and useful to me, the basic Android App Icons are larger than comparable Android units - and if you experience any near-vision reading challenges (or simply desire easier close-in readability - without reading glasses), this phone offers an amazingly readable display - under any condition (dark ambient or bright daylight conditions).Speaking of a brilliant display... like most Android software versions, Samsung Infuse offers the selection of Display, Brightness, then "Automatic brightness", or Manual control of display brightness. Under "automatic" control, the display is very readable outdoors, but for added definition outside, the user can uncheck "automatic" and raise the manual display to near 75 to 85 percent for an absolutely amazing & bright outdoor display. Naturally, this option will deplete the battery faster, but the option is there - and it works fantastically, if needed (for bright ambient light conditions).Fit, build-quality, function, readability, clarity, brilliance, speed, storage capacity, accessibility and operability of this device is the best I've seen of any device.I would highly recommend it to anyone seeking an extremely high quality Android phone.I will follow-up later in following weeks with notes about this device.

I have the iphone 4 and its ok but I bought this phone instead and its amazing, everything I wanted in a phone. Highly recommended if you like PC's. Of course its android but you can download and use it like you would a pc as opposed to apple or blackberry which is limited.

I purchased to of these a year ago.  i went from having an Atrix to this phone because i like the larger display, but have been disappointed ever since.i use my phone as a GPS at work.  i travel from house to house delivering and teaching about medical devices.  The smaller Atrix had no problem getting a quick and accurate GPS lock, the Infuse jas lack luster performance in this market.  I use the GPS when walking in the AM to keep track of time and distance, with this phone, i can complete my 3 mile daily walk and still not have a signal from the GPS.My phone(s) will shut off, one phone has been replaced under warranty 2 weeks ago and now the battery will not charge, the other phone locks up a lot and you have to press the home button several times after waking up the phone.  All three phones have these problems in common.If you are looking for a good cell phone, keep looking, you will not find it here.

You are going to hear a lot of opinions on how this phone isn't dual core, isn't the Galaxy S II, too big, blah blah blah. Unless you simply must have the "next generation" phone this fall, if you are looking for the BEST AT&T; Android phone, the Samsung Infuse is it.On paper, I didn't upgrade by much...I already had the pretty good Samsung Captivate. But after a few minutes with the Infuse, I could already tell this was a great phone. The performance is so snappy and quick. I don't have official benchmarks but for instance, I am a heavy Google Reader user. On the Captivate, when I would choose "Mark All Previous Read", it would take, on average, 10 seconds. Now, it is about 1 second. This is on both Wi-Fi and "4G". App loading and closing is also much faster. I did have my home menu in a long "spinning symbol" after running some apps and I even rebooted but it has since not returned.The screen is absolutely beautiful. Bight, big and sharp. The screen size was the selling point for me and it feels good in your hand. Slightly larger feeling but I expected it to feel much bigger.Multimedia is also a joy to use on this phone. The front facing camera is a nice addition and I like having the flash on the 8MP camera on the back. We did try a Tango video call and never could get it to work right. If we weren't sideways, then it wasn't displaying correctly. Someone needs to make a definitive video chat client for Android.To me, this phone is ready for the future. Even with dual core processors out there, this phone should do you for at least the terms of a 2 year contract, if not longer. If you simply can't wait for the fall lineup of phones, this is an excellent choice.

I've never had a phone or PDA where I didn't have to sacrifice a lot to get something else. Not with this one. I am a Google addict. I use Google Docs, Tasks, Contacts, GMail, Calendar, etc. So of course this phone works perfectly with all of that and syncs well with my Galaxy Tab, Windows 7 PC and MacBook Air.Before this I had a Captivate running Froyo and wasn't sure if switching would be worth the cost, as I mainly have just wanted a bigger screen. I don't know why iPhone does so well at only 3.5". You can't read text on something that small. I could barely stand 4" Captivate. 4.5" seems to be the sweet spot. Especially since the phone is so thin and light. Perfect width for telephone conversation and surfing, typing.The biggest surprise though is the battery life. I have never had a smartphone last a whole day and I do not talk much on them or play media. Just surfing, texting and updating calendar, tasks, etc usually drains the battery. On my Captivate I could go about 12 hours if I used a black background, turned off 3G, turned off WiFi except when needed, etc. But with the Infuse, I took it out of the box 1/2 charged Monday evening. Charged to full charge (takes up to 4 hours from 0%) and took it off the charger at 10:40pm. Tonight is Thursday and at 9:30pm it finally died! Nearly 3 whole days!! I used a 1/3 of each day with FaceBook Go Chat open on it, full color wallpaper, never turned off WiFi in the entire 3 days. Screen brightness has been on medium or Auto. Just normal use, nothing heavy and nothing to intentionally preserve battery.  That in itself justified the cost.But other perks have been how fast menus open and apps launch compared to some lags in Captivate. I put the Captivate and Infuse side by side expecting to see more text in Kindle app, web surfing, etc with the larger screen. It actually showed the same amount of text, but only larger which was nice. I guess I could reduce font and see more text, but I liked the larger text. The charger seems easier to insert than the Captivate.Don't care if TouchWiz 3.0 vs 4.0. I install and launch apps easily. Who cares what they put out in Europe that could be crippled when it gets to us. I don't care if it's not running Gingerbread. Eventually I am sure it will, but if it never did. I wouldn't miss it. My Captivate had 2.1 for a long time, but eventually got Froyo. Be patient people. These O/S updates provide minor enhancements. I can do everything I need on this phone. If you are a task oriented, efficiency dependent person like I am, this phone is for you.In summary. This is the best phone or PDA I have ever seen. I will keep this one until it dies (normally I keep a phone 6 - 10 months). I don't care what better specs come out down the road. Often specs are over-hyped or mean drained battery. I rarely review anything, but figured there were some Captivate owners on the fence out there like I was. So I hope this helps you make the decision.

This phone is hands down the best Android device currently available for US carriers.The screen is a massive 4.5" Super AMOLED that will make all the iPhone 4 users you know drool with envy.  It's perfect for movies, TV, gaming and just having more real estate for typing on the keyboard or reading.  The phone is large but very thin so it slips into comfortably into a front pants pocket.The processor makes the phone very snappy, apps and widgets perform at top speed.  Dual core phones are on the horizon but there's no need to wait for them because nearly no apps can utilize them and Android 2.x is only partially taking advantage of them at the moment.The battery is a sizable 1750 mAh, significantly larger than the batteries in HTC phones.  It will get you through a full day and them some.  The SAMOLED+ screen also helps with battery life. Tip: set your apps to use dark themes as black areas use no power in organic LED displays.Touchwiz 3.0 is the Samsung interface and it will feel very comfortable to anyone who's used an iPhone.AT&T; has removed the "sideloading" restriction from this phone allowing you to install and use the Amazon App store.  Definitely a plus, as you get 1 free app a day and you know the apps have been examined to prevent malicious software from reaching your phone.The only possible downside to this phone is how quickly Samsung will deliver the needed 2.3 Gingerbread update to its customers.
