
My first Stratosphere with Verizon worked great...for almost a year. It did everything I wanted it to, even if the GPS cut out sometimes and it was kind of slow. Then about a month ago it started getting strange about recharging. It wouldn't recharge at all on some cables, and even on the cable that came with it, the phone had to be resting perfectly still with the cable hanging in just the right position. After looking the issue up on the internet, it seems that there are a lot of complaints about the charge port on the Stratosphere wearing out. I did find an online repair site that will fix the charging port for about $55, and I should have gone with that. I finally got tired of not being able to use the phone because the battery was dead or almost dead and took it back in to Verizon. It was still under warranty, so they sent out on of their "certified like new" replacements. Should be "certified crap," as the first one became unusable (even for phone calls and texts) after a couple of days, and the second one seems to be following suit. Add to that the customer service from Verizon has been so terrible we're planning on going with a no-contract carrier when our contract is up. Don't listen to their hype about free or reduced-price phones, it's not worth it. What you don't pay for with the cost of the phone ends up being more than covered by the cost of the contract, much less the time and frustration in dealing with malfunctioning phones and their replacement process.

I hate it!I hate it and I hate it!And I hate Verizon as wellTerrible phone, gets hot, battery is low in matter,or hours. Verizon costumer service do not care!

I've had my Stratosphere for about 5 days now and I think it's great. The 4G is super fast, but I split my time between areas with great 4G coverage and not-so-great coverage. The ability to switch from the LTE to CDMA to preserve battery life is great. Also, it will prompt you to utilize WiFi in areas where it is available to conserve data usage. I switched from my Droid2, and picked this phone because it has the slide out keyboard. The size of the phone overall is almost too big, but I think that all phones these days are larger due to the radio size being bigger and the need for a larger battery. The OS is the same, so there were no real growing pains switching from one brand to another. Phone quality is fine. Since the last full charge, the phone has been on for 1 day, 3 hours, and 50 minutes, and it just gave me the low battery warning as I was typing.

Stay as Far away from this phone as you possibly can!  I have had 3 Count them 3 in less that 2 years.....Since I am locked into a Contract with Verizon and I paid WAY TOO MUCH for this phone, I have to Muddle through the Endless Issues until I can afford another phone....Should have stayed with Blackberry!1.  System Freezes - At Least 4 times a week2.  Battery Drains - FOR NO REASON3.  If the Battery Works - it only last for about 6 hours...What is the Point of a Cell phone if it has to be Plug in ALL the Time?!?!?!?4.  Keyboard goes Crazy from time to time - You hit let's say a Q..Frankly you could hit the S key..You are then taken to some other screen in some other program...This is NOT just the Slide out keyboard...it happens on the Touch Screen as well!5.  Automatic Adjusting Screen....I say...Dream on my friend....Sometimes it picks the direction it wants to go, and you just do NOT have a Say so, and the phone just does not care.After the Endless issues that I have had....And they go on from here.....I will NEVER,,,,NVER own another Samsung phone!

This is my 2nd Stratosphere and after a couple weeks I'm having the same issues that I did with the first.  The phone does not transition well from an area with 4G service to an area with 3G (for example, I have 4G connectivity outside of my house, but once I go inside the phone drops to 3G or 1X).  I'm constantly getting a "Network not available" message when I try to use the browser, send texts or check my email.  I called Verizon customer service and talked to one of the senior techs who told me that some of the new 4G phones have problems transitioning from 4G and 3G and that they are working on an update to fix it.  One of the fixes she had me try was to turn on roaming.  She said to try that for a couple days and if that didn't work, go into the phone's settings and change it from CDMA/LTE to just CDMA (basically making it a 3G phone).  That didn't work either.My last phone was a blackberry Curve which would pick up my home WiFi from anywhere in the house, including the yard.  This phone barely picks up the WiFi from one room away and doesn't pick it up at all any further away than that.So, I'm bringing this back and hoping 3rd time's a charm.  If I have the same issues with phone #3, I'm just going to switch back to my blackberry.

What I like:- Fantastic screen- Very fast and responsive- Better than average camera- Slide out keyboard (although using the touch screen and Swype is usually faster and easier)- 4g is incredible- Battery life is above average (I used Google maps w/ GPS, took many photos, made a few calls, and checked my facebook for pretty much the entire day while walking around DC)What I don't like:- too many preinstalled apps that I will never use and can't delete (but I suggest giving the golf game a try, its fun!)- no indication of message, voicemails, etc while the phone is off (on standby)- default timeout for the screen is way too short, should be the first thing you adjust- you can not set different ring tones (or send-to-voicemail) for different contact- no zoom on camera when using the best resolution

I got this phone at the end of December 2011.  I previously had a Blackberry Curve and was a little skeptical about jumping on the Android bandwagon.  After my husband got his Samsung Continuum in early 2011 I kinda fell in love with the Android OS but was put off by the touch screen.  But when I saw this phone I just had to have it.  I will admit that I do miss my Blackberry at times but I really LOVE this phone.  I love that it has a slide out keyboard, although I'm getting better at the on-screen typing.  The AMOLED screen is just brilliant.  I have Netflix and tried it out on the phone as soon as I got it and the picture was just amazing.  My one and only complaint about this phone is that there is no "sound profiles" like on Blackberry.  However, there's an app for that, though it's still not as good as the Blackberry sound profile customization, it will do.  The 2nd thing that sold me on this was that Gmail integrates so well with this phone (considering the OS is made by Google).  Blackberry didn't handle Gmail very well to me.  Overall I do not regret getting this phone and highly recommend it to anyone who is on the fence.

After wondering enough about odd changes to my Stratosphere (purchased in late May 2012), I saw the Verizon salesman Devyn at my local Costco yesterday (18th). Seems things I though I had changed inadvertently were not my doing after all: the Stratosphere has recently been upgraded from Gingerbread to Ice Cream Sandwich! A software glitch was causing audible announcements night and day about data stopping, etc. A software fix was then upgraded to the phones. No more announcements but other changes.You can tell if your phone is upgraded if it now has (among other things):a different screen unlock than the puzzle (you can't find the old puzzle lock).a green glow at the top and bottom of the screen as you scroll.a single frame wallpaper (no more panorama -- darn!).a continuing scroll (like a carousel) of the five homepage frames (don't have to go back and forth anymore).These are obvious and the big clues that your Stratosphere OS has been upgraded.

First of all I am not a master techie so this will not be a very technical review, so be forewarned:)For the past 4 years I have had 2 Blackberry Curve Smartphones. I love Verizon's service and I HAVE had other carriers over the years and none of them could hold a candle to Verizon.Just for information, I would never buy an iPhone even though they are now offered through Verizon. First of all, for many people it is a big status symbol and some people want to "impress" by having an iPhone and maybe originally the "apps" were great, but now you can get most any app you want without having to spend more just to get an iPhone. Secondly I also have a 2nd Generation Kindle and a new Kindle Fire. When I got the 2nd Generation Kindle mostly all books (not counting text books) were $9.99 or less. Until Steve Jobs of Apple wanted to put a big dent into Amazon's e-reader market, so he got together with the 5 major publishers and devised an "Agency Model" where the publisher NOT Amazon sets the price at which Amazon can charge for e-books. All of a sudden e-book prices jumped from under $9.99 to $15.00 and more. Amazon tried to fight it and lost the battle. While the e-book was $15.00, the actual real hard covered book is selling for $16.00. In essence Jobs in collusion with the Big5 publishers formed an anti-competition cartel and as usual the customers suffer. I guess Jobs never got the memo that "you can't take it with you." Therefore I will not buy "Apple" anything. From what I have heard from friends who read the book Jobs wrote, he was bragging about this cartel and his part in it.My daughter's friend works for Best Buy and he gave me info on the better brands to choose. My daughter had just gotten a Droid2 and she felt technically I couldn't handle it. I printed out the info on 5 top phones and laid them out and eliminated one at a time (I know, not very scientific). The Samsung Stratosphere was the winner.First of all the screen is beautiful. I got to the app for Netflix and started to watch a movie. Th picture and colors were very impressive.There is a virtual (on touch screen) keyboard and a slide out keyboard. The touch screen is very easy to use and the slide out keyboard has smooth keys is so much easier to type on than the Blackberry Curve keyboard.It is an Android phone and it responds quickly and smoothly. Surfing the web, is easy. Just like surfing on the computer. When you wanted to look up something on the Blackberry, the pages that came on screen were nothing like what comes up on screen when you use a tablet or computer. With this touch screen the interface is like a computer. The touch screen allows you to use your thumb and forefinger to enlarge the area you want to see (I am sure this can be explained better, but I an somewhat technically challenged).There are tons of apps, just like the iPhone. You can go onto Amazon and go under the menu to "apps for android" (games movies, productivity tools, books newspapers etc) in addition to what Samsung offers. As I previously indicated I have a Kindle2 and a Kindle Fire (like a tablet) and I can sync e-books from the K2 and the Fire to this phone and wherever I end on one of the three, the other 2 sync to the same place I stopped reading at. You can adjust the size of the font larger if you want.I read in one of the reviews that there is no "front facing camera" There IS a front facing camera and a rear facing camera. The camera is a 5 mega pixel which is not huge, but my point and shoot camera is only a 6 mega pixel and it takes beautiful pictures. Someone said there was no zoom on the camera, but there is. I took a picture on my daughter's birthday and I know I used the zoom, but I can't exactly remember what I did. I only have had the phone for 10 days so there is much I still have to learn.I have had no trouble making a phone call. With Verizon's "Back-up Assistant" I downloaded almost 100 contacts that were in Blackberry into my Samsung with the push of a button. Also when you make a call there is a button on screen for Speakerphone and a red button to hang up call etc...I have down loaded a couple of games, but if you get an app from Amazon, on many you can "Test Drive" the app on your computer to see if it is what you want. Many apps are free, but some games are sample type and you might have to buy the game to get the complete version, but you don't have to. The most expensive game I have seen is $4.99. Many books, apps and games are free. The apps I buy for my Kindle Fire can also be downloaded into my cell phone for free.I liked the wallpaper that came on the phone out of the box and there is a handful of pictures that you can use preloaded and they also have a couple of cute animated wallpapers. I checked them out and figured that they might use too much battery power (especially since I put the phone to sleep when I put it down).Another viewer complained about the phone "going to sleep" (aka the screen goes black to preserve the battery. THAT can be adjusted in the settings. I have mine go to sleep fairly quickly in order to get as much out of a battery charge as I can.I might be crazy, but I think the length of time the battery goes between charges is better than it was for my Blackberry and that didn't have half the power this phone has.The phone makes calls that are very clear both hearing the other person and how clear the person hears you. You can mostly set your preferences under the "settings." Since this phone is really a mini computer, I would suggest you get an anti-virus like you use on your computer. I use AVG and it is free.If you remember, my daughter though I wouldn't be able to handle the Droid2. Well she really likes my phone and she is amazed how I haven't asked her to do everything for me :) BUT I still have a lot to learn,I hope this helps someone who doesn't understand the more technical reviews.Just experiment to find out what you want to do. Along the base of the phone there is a "Home" button, a "search" button, a "menu" button and like the Blackberry, a button that takes you back one screen at a time

Let me first start by saying that I am seriously technology challenged.  I have trouble figuring out how to plug in cell phones never mind how to use them.  Seriously.  My young adult children pull their hair out at my lack of ability in this particular arena.  However, I do have a Kindle Fire and have been able to easily navigate the Android stuff and all the WiFi stuff that comes with it.  I say this because the Samsung Stratosphere has the exact same face as my fire which, I am told by my ever so supportive young adult children that all Android phones are like this.  GOOD, because I can't figure out her Iphone for the life of me!  I don't have to sync my ITunes or whatever, I don't have to set up a credit card and I don't have this itty bitty screen to try to see and a touchy screen to type on.  The Samsung Stratosphere is a large size phone, which is great for me, but is a bit bulky while handling.  It has a pull out keyboard which is so much easier to use, but it also can rotate on the screen to make the little touch keys bigger if you choose to use them.  I am learning how to use that pretty easily.  I comes with some already installed apps, but not an overwhelming amount.  I had a bit of trouble setting up the WiFi to my router, but after watching the online demo, I easily figured it out.  That is the other thing, there is a lot of information right available both on the phone and online to help navigate through the different features of the phone.  I love the voice recognition where you just say "Amazon.com" and poof, it appears on your phone!  Yes, this is probably basic to all of the smartphone users, but to this newbie it is magic.  Also, the Stratosphere has a front facing camera which I had to have for Skyping with my niece in Hawaii and my daughter who is studying abroad in Germany and my son who is away in college.  This phone for me is worth every 5 star review it has gotten.  My husband purchased one as well and the two of us couldn't be happier with our introduction into smartphone technology.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. I have owned this phone (under a Verizon contract) for less than 12 months and it has been a nightmare (I only gave it 1 star because Amazon required me to fill in one, it really is 0 stars).The first phone I had for roughly 10 months until the antenna died. I returned the phone to Verizon and they promised me a brand new device. I was sent a "refurbished" phone which was scratched to the point of being unusable.I was then sent another "refurbished" phone. The internal processing system was slow. It frequently dropped calls, failed to send text, would not operate my data plan and would not perform basic functions. It also could not sustain a battery life of more than 2 hours. Samsung was completely unresponsive to complaints.Verizon then sent me a fourth phone. That phone continued all the same functional issues I had with the 3rd  and the key board would frequently not work on certain letters. I would never recommend a stratosphere to anyone and would not recommend any Samsung product based on my current interaction with them.

My Samsung Galaxy Startosphere purchased from Verizon Wireless is a total piece of crap.  Has not worked right from day one, which was less than a year ago.  About a month ago the phone got very hot and the battery died.  Replaced the battery (at my cost) and then it died again in a day.  Returned the phone to Verizon who is now trying to screw me out of $200, saying that the recharge port was corroded and that is what caused the problem.  Verizon sent a photo of a DIFFERENT phone  with a corroded port saying it was mine.  As I can see by many reviews online that there are many problems with this phone.  Definitly would not recommend Samsung or Verizon..double not recommend Verizon for their trying to cheat me.

We tried 2 of these. Neither would stay connected to our Honda Odyssey. It pairs just fine, but then disconnects and reconnects continuously every 10-20 seconds. You're speaking through the car, then you have to grab the phone, then it goes back to the car. It happens so often it was almost impossible to even set the speed dials in the car because it would disconnect in the middle of selecting them.Even if that worked, we found this phone to have maybe 8 hours of battery life if we left it sitting unused on the counter and with all push data functions turned off. I have a droid Pro and a Mytouch slide and both do OK. This was completely unacceptable. We returned both and are still looking.

I absolutely love this phone.  I was leery at first about buying it because there were quite a few negative reviews, but the good ones outweighed the bad one.I have had the phone for about 3 months.  I get 4G connection about 95% of the time I'm using data.  I have yet to have a dropped call or have the phone freeze up on me during use.  The only problem I have had is when I dial for voicemail, my screen does flicker on and off while I try to put in my pin.  Annoying, but not unbearable.I've read in the reviews where people have said you cannot assign different ringtones to specific people.  Not true.  I have a number of different ringtones for different contacts.My screen has not cracked - knock on wood - and it has been dropped multiple times and man handled by my two toddlers.Bottom line:  I'd recommend this phone to a friend.

hello i dont know why it is that verizon makes better phones i love this phone the glide makes me think of this phone i love the whole phone i hate that it will not get ice cream update nor will the glide but love the phones they are good phones

This is the first Samsung phone I did not like.  This phone freezes up all the time during phone calls.  Sometimes it tries to make 2 calls to the same contact.  I had it reprogrammed and it still does this.  This is my second Samsung Stratosphere.  The first one got knocked in the swimming pool and it was acting the same way.  I thought it was that particular phone.  It wasn't.I'll never buy another one.  Don't waste your money.Also, the battery life is terrible.

I've had FOUR of these, all broken OUT OF THE BOX.You can find tons of specific, negative reviews about this product.(1) Rarely connects to WiFi, even feet away from a router.(2) Several ramdom reboots a day.(3) Often 'disconnects' SD card.(4) Fails to recharge, and often indicated 'recharging' when not connected to anything.(5) Choppy sound (audio & phone calls)The one I bought (and latter three exchanges) all had four out of five of these problems OUT OF THE BOX.Verizon (when I bought it) Tech Support knows about this issue, but nothing's been done about it.Samsung support is ridiculous, their scripts and software do not fully navigate flow charts of problem-solving. I found temporary solutions on the internet, that Samsung did not have in their resources.This is not a software, adware, malware, virus, OS, or firmware issue. It's more than one fatal design flaw.The average success rate with this model is 1 out of 3, going by reviews from several websites where people returned their phone for a replacement.I've done a LOT of research about this make and model, and I strongly discourage anyone from getting the Samsung Stratosphere.Please, DO NOT BUY.

I've had nothing but issues with Verizon and this phone.  If receiving email is important to you, I cannot stress enough stay away. Email freezes.  You can't get Verizon tech support on the phone.  (You can if you call payment and wait for operator and ask to be transferred)  You have to do a factory reset.  You lose everything on the phone, all data and functionality.  There have been software updates that have created havoc.  Neither Verizon, nor Samsung can figure out what's going on.  Thousands of people have had various problems.  Verizon doesn't want to hear it.  Samsung tech mentioned off the record 99 percent of issues are with Verizon issued phones.  Take it for what it's worth.  But I've got 40 hours since April trying to figure out what's going on to get the email to work.  It's a big deal to me because 100 percent of my business is done via email as I'm driving from city to city.  April the noose will be loosened and freedom to find another carrier and another phone.

My girlfriend recently got this phone, some basic info...Pros:screen has good contrast ratio, colors are pretty goodFull keyboard if you like that, slides out smooth so farNot overly heavyCons:Touch keyboard is pretty bad, very busy and small keys, download a keyboard from the market, usable for an experienced touch screen user, but newbies will be annoyed.Could be thinner, but not bad for a slide outNo haptic feedback, but I guess most phones don't have it right nowNo front facing cameraPoor battery life, but 4G does thatOverall not a bad phone for the limited choices of 4G with physical keyboard.  Would recommended if you want a full keyboard, no contest for most top end touch only devices.

My daughter ordered this phone and I was curious to see it to see if Samsung had addressed the GPS problem that plagued their Galaxy S phones.  While they have made some definite improvements, it's still not right.  First a bit of background:  Samsung's Galaxy S class phones (the Vibrant on T-Mobile) were nice phones.  It was, for a time, T-Mobile's flagship phone.  Unfortunately, it had a huge problem:  The GPS barely worked.  This meant that it might or might not lock.  And, if it did, it might not stay locked.  So, this Stratosphere 4G is several generations newer and I wanted to see if their GPS issue had been solved.So, I conducted 2 GPS tests from two locations.  At the first location, it took several seconds (perhaps 10) before the GPS locked.  When it locked, it showed the proper location.  So, based on the first experiment, I thought Samsung had addressed the problem.  Also, experience suggests that if you are in the same area as the prior lock, the subsequent GPS locks tend to be quite fast.  In the second experiment, I changed locations.  In this case, it plotted my location as being about a  mile from where I actually was.  Those cases are frustrating since the GPS would be unreliable.  (As a comparison, my Droid Razr properly locked in both locations, immediately.)  I'm sure if I moved around a little, the Samsung GPS would properly lock and show the right location.  That's how it behaved on the Vibrant.  Or, if it doesn't, my experience with the Vibrant suggests that exiting the app using the GPS and restarting it will likely make it work.  So, while the GPS is clearly better, it does not perform to the level of the HTC or Motorola Android phones I have owned.So, what does this mean?  (Or, what's my recommendations?)The screen is one that you will come to love.  It is great.  The device has a slide out keyboard.  Now that I've transitioned to typing on glass, this isn't big for me, but it is a big deal for my daughter.  So, I'll count that in the plus column.  This phone is 4G, which is noticeably faster than 3G.  That's a big plus too.  So, if that's what you need in a phone, then this is a good choice.Now for the cons.  The GPS is flaky, which means that you have to *think* about it when you use it.  And, in the long-term that could be a safety issue if you ever had to dial 911 and they needed to pull your GPS location from your phone.  Probably not a huge deal, but since I've had to do that twice in real life, I know how important it can be.  But, if you aren't relying on your phone for navigation every second of every day, then it might not be a big deal for you either.  A second nit is that Samsung, at least with their Galaxy class phones, was not very timely with software updates and patches.  Not a huge deal for a lot of people, but when serious security holes are found in Android, it's nice to know that you'll eventually get a patch or update.  Bottom line.., if rock solid GPS and a company track record of not being last to receive updates are important to you, then another phone (non-Samsung) might be a better choice.

I waited for a better 4G phone with physical keyboard on Verizon for a long time. The Droid 4 was taking forever to come out, I got tired of waiting. I saw this phone available for free and I went for it. It replaced a slow and small Droid 1, and by comparison, the Stratosphere blows it away.The phone is speedy, it downloads fast, and doesn't seem to have the battery issues that plague other 4G/LTE devices. The keyboard fits nicely in my large hands and is easy to use. The camera is only 5MP, but it works very well in low light and takes great photos.The one thing that seriously blows me away about this phone is the sound. I plugged in some headphones and was blown away by the sound quality. It's way better than my old Droid 1 and even my iPod Touch.I'm annoyed by the amount of bloatware on this phone though. There are tons of icons stuck on the launcher that can not be removed without rooting the device. The Samsung Touchwiz interface is also annoying, but it's not entirely too different from stock Android.All in all, it's a solid phone. It's not the greatest or fastest and it surely won't get Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich), but if you can look beyond that, save some money and grab this model.

Lots of issues.  I just hope after sending my third back in they will pay for me to get a different phone altogether.  If not, I'll most likely pay for a different phone and have fun taking a hammer to this thing.  Whether it's the occassional dropped calls (could be Verizon, could be the phone), my going mute without pressing mute, the very frequent keyboard issues or the somewhat less frequent touch screen issues, I have never owned such a frustrating device.

I have the stratosphere 4g phone from Verizon. You cannot read the screen in the daylight. It's difficult to answer the phone and its too heavy to carry with light weight summer clothing. There are times when the various and many features are handy. I would like to have a small light piggyback phone to use when I do not plan to text or when I have no use for all the features. Therefore I would have to give this device 2 stars.

Its fast 4g LTE, it depends where you live to have good internet because i HAD At&T and where i live specifically, my smartphone sucked,always slow. BUT this is super nice the screen is very nice, not too big and not too wide. I like the QWERTY keys that slide up, i don't like the part where when i try to slide it up and you have to push in some strength. Overall the phone is really good, nice and stable.

Samsung StratospherePro: Affordable; 4G LTE; Android 2.3.5 (gingerbread); vivid touchscreen; 317mb RAM; 1Ghz processor speed; slide-out QWERTY keyboardCons: Apps crashes; Slow Startup; short battery life; long charging time; Screen turns off while calling; occasional No 4G or 3G signal; interferes other devices from connecting to the wifi/internet; Short range at detecting and connecting to wifiThis is my first smartphone.  It serves its purpose as being an "average" smartphone.  Don't expect it to be super fast or "my phone is better than you or my/your family/friends' smartphones" thing.I bought this smartphone at some local Verizon store for $[...] after a few hours browsing through many phones such as sony, droid incredible, htc, iphone 4s, and more.  I like droid phones, but they don't have the cheaper 4G models yet and the store don't offer 4GB data plan for 3G and I want a 4G smartphone.  I wanted to buy iphone 4s, but it is way over my budget.  Therefore, I chose Samsung Stratosphere, because it has 4G and 4GB data plan. After buying that Samsung Stratosphere, I feel like I have been robbed or something.  Anyway, My Stratosphere smartphone works great and it is fast and smooth performance (1Ghz.... well, at that time, I didn't have too many apps installed just yet), and I recovered from being robbed too. Its screen is so vivid and clear comparing to my old phones and other friends' phones. awesome.However after several hours and a few days of usage, my Stratosphere smartphone cannot receive 4G or 3G signal on certain locations such as some part of my house, certain clubs, some geeky conferences, being near to some large applicances, and/or certain hallways were located next to the rooms filled with huge applicances.  For example, one time, I was balancing myself on an exercise ball and then I checked my facebook on my smartphone and saw some interesting post that I want to reply, so I want to share and post some witty comment in facebook, but I can't because I don't have a signal.  After I fixed it by rebooting the phone and move away from that huge neodymium magnet... guess what... someone else posted the same witty comment that I wanted to post... (frustrating indeed)..  .  My Stratosphere smartphone can connect to wifi, but it has limited short range on detecting and connecting to hotspot. Sucks so bad.  In addition, whenever I want to use wifi for internet to save some data plan, my Stratosphere smartphone interferes the wifi connection of my other devices such as ipod touch, HP laptop, and toshiba laptop (whenever my other devices turned on their wifi connection, they are unable to connect to the internet access); therefore, I have to place my smartphone away from my other devices and restart wifi connection of those devices to make them work again.  Because of these flaws, I returned it to that verizon store and they charged me a $[..] restock fee! such a drag.  They robbed me again!  But at least I got my $[..] back.I still want Samsung Stratosphere smartphone, because maybe I got a defective one.  So I went to radioshack webstore and bought Samsung Stratosphere for $[...], affordable enough.  Buying a smartphone from radioshack store is such a drag and troublesome, because of all things, restricted policies, and procedures that you have to make such as giving them your info, verizon info account, and stuff.  I got into argument with one of radioshack representative, because I have been giving my info for 3 times already and they still don't get it. That representative apologized to me and made me qualified for a offer of Samsung Stratosphere for $[.] and a free $[...] gift card.. nice and what a good deal!!I got my replacement Stratosphere smartphone, it works great, but the flaws still remain.  I guess I have to find a way to fix them flaws.  During calling times, the screen turns off, but if you take a look at the smartphone's screen, it automatically turns the screen on which is useful... sometimes, but sometimes its annoying especially if I'm talking to a automatic voice message system and I'm required to press the appropriate number, the screen turns off and stays off.My Stratosphere smartphone has a 317mb RAM total.  It has 200mb RAM free after I took it out of box and activated it.  After I downloaded all neccessary apps and "awesome-looking, but junk" apps, the RAM free reduced to around 49-110MB and its performance went down significantly even though I have a lot of internal memory space left (1.7GB).  My Stratosphere smartphone internal memory space is 2GB.  Some apps can make my smartphone crash to the home screen such as facebook or dolphin HDWhenever I turned on my Stratosphere smartphone, the startup/loading time is way too long, probably because of all the apps, AV, and widgets that I downloaded probably.  So slow.. that I can do skipping running around the house (4 laps) while doing some lateral raises at the same time which is totally embarrassing.The speaker from Stratosphere smartphone is good.  I used its default speaker to play my music rather than another speaker, because its volume can be adjusted to make it loud and buying that another speaker is a waste of money.  It is loud enough for me to hear the music while working under bio-hood vacuum and streaking plates with blood or stools.  Nasty.The camera is mediocre when capturing the subjects are on the move, because the picture will be burry.  In addition, when capturing photos in dim-lighted, the subjects will appear like ghastly shadowy figures.  It can capture good photos when the subjects are standing still and under adequate light.The Stratosphere smartphone has slide-out QWERTY keyboard which is nice from time to time especially if I ever get tired of using swype.  I use slide-out QWERTY keyboard for heavy typing and/or play video games  such as emulator.My Stratosphere smartphone has short battery life.  Heavy usage of surfing internet, watching av, playing games, and making calls, the battery cannot last for a whole day, so I always bring a backup battery charger and/ or I have to make sure that I fully charged my Stratosphere smartphone before going out at night, because at the sight of me with a backup battery charger charging my smartphone in my pocket and its cords all over my pants looks geeky and not very stylish at all.  In addition, the backup battery charger is too huge for my pocket, so whenever I put it inside of my pocket, it looks like I have weird bulge on my pants.I gave the Samsung Stratosphere smartphone 4 stars, because it has annoying several flaws; but after you fixed and optimized it, it is a good smartphone.

This phone was great in the first 6 months of use. After that Iv had nothing but problems. It over heats after a few minuets on the web, or after a short phone call. Hot enough that you cant put it to your ear to continue a call. The screen freezes up so I cant unlock it, I have to take the battery out to end a call. The battery doesn't hold a charge. The phone will say connect to charger, I do then it will say its full when its not. Iv sent it back TWICE to samsung for repairs. The 1st time they replaced almost 300.00 in parts, the 2nd time they replaced the battery and put another 150.00 in replacement parts. And after all that, It hasnt fixed a thing!

solid phone with decent battery, strong signal, I like the slide out keyboard (though don't love it - it has four big home/back/search/menu buttons along the sides that get in the way all the time and are useless) the swype keyboard is nice, the screen is good (but not great, my previous phone has a much better screen)... overall a good phone for the price (which was free with 2yr contract) and as the only verizon phone with LTE plus physical keyboard fills a missing niche there.  i loved walking down the street while doing a video skype call over the high speed lte network!  everything else is tolerable for the price.shortcomings and advantages aside however, my phone broke after one week of use.  i never dropped it or anything, not once!  just one day it said "no signal" and nothing I could do (or the verizon tech at the store) could bring the signal back.  so verizon said it had to be replaced and that i should send it back to the seller for a dead on arrival replacement with a brand new unit.  that process is still going on, I should get the replacement today)my buddy got the exact same phone a few days earlier than I did.  yesterday while on a business trip he found out the phone had quit working also - the phone speaker and microphone were dead and it only worked in speakerphone mode.  UGH!  so two dead in two weeks with completely different problems and two different users makes me wonder about the build quality and reliability of these phones.  i've got a few days left to return mine and cancel my contract and i am seriously considering this lest I get stuck with a lemon line of phones.good luck!

I have had the phone about a month now.  This was my first 4g smart phone after using a Blackberry for about 8 years.  It took awhile to learn the features, but it is simple to use.  I do not like to use the touch screen for texting and emailing.  I make too many errors typing the wrong letter, and my fingers are not very big.  It's just awkward.  I am so glad that I chose this phone for the slide out keyboard.  Ladies, if you have even medium length nails, this is the phone for you.  The iphones and others that have touch screens are difficult to navigate, in my opinion.  The only other criticism I have is that the 4g network is not available all the time, and though 3g automatically takes over, it is disappointing to not have the quick connectivity of 4g.  But when 4g is connected, the internet browsing is really fast.  I do caution that you need to customize the features of this phone, the factory defaults may be more than you need, such as automatically connecting wi-fi, and all the apps.  Because of the previous reviews on the battery life, I do charge it overnight, and keep the screen resolution low.  I have not had a problem with it.For the price (free) it is a good phone to start with, especially if you are already a Verizon contract customer.  Enjoy!

I have had my Stratosphere less than a year and can't wait to get a different phone. I was happy with the phone when I first got it but about 6 mos. later, I started to have issues with it.First, It will randomly reboot. All of a sudden, the screen comes on and it is obvious something is not right.Second, It will freeze on me. Nothing will work!! I can't turn it off. The only thing that will resolve this issue is removing the battery for a few seconds, replace it, and turn the phone on. Only then will it be OK.Third, The battery life on this phone is HORRIBLE. I don't use my phone half as much as other people. It will be fully charged, with an extended battery, in the morning. One day I used it for 2 calls, 4 texts, and 1 short search on Google. By 7pm the phone was letting me know that battery was dangerously low. It had 10% charge left. I can't imagine what it would be like if I used it all day like some people do. I would have to carry a couple charged batteries with me.The things I do like is 1) The camera takes really good pictures, 2) The screen is a nice size and is clear, making it easy to read, 3) The keyboard is easy to use, 4) The phone is a nice size. It feels the right size in my hand.Please consider all reviews before you buy, especially the cons.

This phone has given me so much anxiety, it has finally gotten to the point where I am getting a new phone. It lags, most apps don't work, for some reason my screen turned PINK, I cant play games on it and i just regret having this phone. The layout is not attractive and I could just go on.

Had my Stratosphere since November, and generally very happy with it.  1st SmartPhone - though I'm too dumb to use it for all it can do yet!  Came from a Blackberry Curve - WHICH I hated from day 1... apparently I'm not one of those "Blackberry People"!Love the screen, but need to get myself a screen protector & case, etc. b/c it gets hazy for us gals from makeup & such.  Scratched fairly easily.  Great choice of apps & thx for the tip on the LED app - that has been an annoyance & could be louder for me.  I don't have too many apps loaded, but gonna add some from other reviewers, so thanks for the info all!WHY DO PPL KEEP SAYING THERE IS NO FRONT FACING CAMERA?  HIT THE CAMERA ICON ON THE SCREEN & IT TURNS AROUND!!!!  AND IT ZOOMS!My main complaints are that I have terrible reception in some places - like my bedroom which is a problem when job seeking & then dropping calls while setting up interviews!  OUCH!  Also, tired of it asking for WiFi too often.  Sometimes mine says there is no connection available for anything including texts not being able to send.  Hellll-oooooo?  Don't I pay for a data package so I have constant access????!!!!  Notifications fr calendar are poor, I agree.  Miss most all of them, so not sure why I bother adding things.  Seldom touch screen freezes & have to reboot.  Weirdest problem is when I turn it back on it makes a constant, very loud beeping noise & the only way it will stop is if I receive a text.  Usually results in me texting myself.  Anyone ever had something like that happen on theirs, and if so, what the *bleep* is it?Overall, happy & the cons are not enough to discourage me too much!  Now I'm off to download LED indicator & other recommended apps from your reviews - thanks again!!

A very nice phone with a very fragile screen. changes in temperature can cause the lcd to crack voiding any warranty. google it. lots of them for sale on ebay with bad lcd screens.

This is my first smartphone, so my review comes from that point of view.Overall, I like it.This phone is big.  I'm a smallish female, and this phone is bulky and almost downright awkward in my hands.  I can't put it in a pocket or my wristlet wallet.  It will only fit in my big purse.  I highly recommend a screen protector for these reasons.  I can carry it around in my hand, but it's so big it feels like an extra appendage and not just an extension of my arm like my old phone was.The main reason I wanted this phone was for the slide out keyboard.  I was a super fast texter on my old EnV Touch, and thought I would continue to be if I found a slide out keyboard.  I was wrong.  I don't know if it's the spacing of the keys, or my small hands, but I make many, many mistakes when I try to text fast, and have experienced some frustration because of this.  This is the most disappointing thing about the phone, for me.Also, regarding the keyboard; the sliding function feels a little flimsy when I slide it in and out.  It honestly doesn't feel like it would withstand careless "sliding" and I'm starting to doubt it will even survive the length of my new 2 yr contract.This is actually my second Stratosphere.  The first one arrived and took about 4 hours to activate; it couldn't find a signal.  Even after activation the signal was HORRIBLE and at times I even roamed, even though I was sitting in my living room.  Spent a couple of hours on phone with Tech Support two different times and they finally sent me to a VZW store for hands-on support.  They couldn't fix it, either.  Called Amazon and they overnight shipped me the new one without issue.  When this current phone activated within a minute, I was extremely happy!I'm surprised by how fast the battery drains.  But apparently this is typical of all smartphones.  I need to recharge about every 36 hours.Some positives:  it's super fast, looks nice, great camera.  There seem to be lots of apps and fun little things like that.  But since this is my first smartphone, I'm still trying to figure it out.  I do have lots of fun using the scanner when I'm price matching items when I'm out shopping!!Overall, I would probably buy the phone again.  I would just go in to the deal with lower expectations for the keyboard/texting.  If VZW would offer a FLIP keyboard instead of a slider (and make the keys similar to the enV's), I would probably be in phone heaven.

This phone is not worth the free price. I got it in September 2012 and have had three major issues. One, in October, it went into "airplane mode" and would not come out. I finally had to go to factory resets to get it to work again. Next, at Thanksgiving the phone became very hot and would not send or receive phone calls. As of yesterday, January 28, 2013, it now cannot access the internet. So, tomorrow off to Verizon to see what I can do with it. Folks don't bother with this piece of junk.

bought this in Feb. 2012...15 days later, the screen died.  Because it was over the 14 days I had to get a 'refurb' one.  I just had to take that one back because it was overheating, wouldn't connect to internet unless I was on 4G (wifi worked on all but browsing the internet).  New 'refurb' one seemed to work ok, but the 4G stays on at the same time as the wifi and drains the battery.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

This phone is amazing! I recommend it.Pros:4G LTEGreat CameraQwerty KeyboardTouchscreenAndroidVerizonGreat ScreenCons:NONE

My wife and I switched from Tmobile. Instant upgrade to verizon. I wanted a phone with a real keyboard. Thats about the only thing I like about this phone. Its remarkably slow moving. Avid users will notice the delay when trying to navigate through the call menus. Its sloooow between screens. Also, good luck opening text picture or opening apps like facebook, thats hit or miss.  Text pics will need to be downloaded, and that wont work. Turning this phone and off will be your daily task. Im sitting 5 feet from my highspeed internet, and the phone doesnt work. Perhaps just this phone? No. Im on my second one. My wifes is just as bad. Battery life is below average, but if you turn off the 4g,  you have a chance.It sounds like the upgrades make this phone worse. Ive read numerous reviews,and it seems to be the norm.I wouldnt buy this phone again. Its makes me angry. My expectations were higher then they should have been, but its still very slow. It will also randomly open menus when you unlock it!

I got this phone because I thought as a Samsung it would stand up to the name, however it does not. The first one I got had a software problem. The replacement the charging port went out within 3 weeks of getting it. Even with the protective case on it it was easily damaged. The screen goes all the way to the edges so if you barely bump it the screen breaks. The slide out keyboard would stick, Over all I would NOT ever buy this phone again.

Pros-lightning fast downloads and web browsing in 4G areas, Beautiful display, great sound, amazing picture quality for a 5mp camera. Android Gingerbread 2.3 is WAY better than 2.2. The slide out QWERTY is so useful.Cons-battery (like every other phone)This phone is better than the Thunderbolt and the Charge. It's biggest fault is that it came out between the Bionic and the RAZR. Those phones may be top of the line but this phone was a penny as an upgrade. That right there makes this the best phone deal out there for an upgrade. I am shocked at some of the reviews out there. Buy with confidence.

My wife and I have had a pair of Stratospheres for a little more than 2 weeks now. We've had no problems at all with them. We've had a Android tablet for quite awhile, so the phones OS wasn't anything new or difficult to figure out. The only negatives I think of off the top of my head is the amount of unremovable bloatware Verizon has installed, and the phone as configured by Verizon AGGRESSIVELY seeks out WiFi networks to run data on. I imagine this is to save on Verizon's 3g/4g network load, but it can drain your battery when it cant find one by constantly polling for one. It can also confuse the phone when it finds one it cant completely connect to, but can and will stubbornly refuse to fall back onto 3g/4g. Just disable WiFi unless you know you can use it, and disable the notification of WiFi unless you want to be nagged every time it finds ANY WiFi signal.The screen is gorgeous.Call quality is great.Responsive processor with lots of memory to play in.Slightly better than average battery life. (turn down brightness, and features you dont need at the moment i.e. GPS/WiFi)Slider keyboard.Terrific audio.Can be Rooted.All in all, a great, cheap mid-range smartphone, and probably the best of the inexpensive slider keyboard smartphones.I just hope it holds up with time... and hopefully we get an official upgrade to IceCreamSandwich.Update: I hate this phone, as a phone its terrible. Half of all calls are gibberish where the begging and end of words are clipped off. As a Android device its fine, above average, although they are currently rolling out a poormans version of IceCream Sandwitch over the top of the Gingerbread OS. Lame, and from reports its buggy. Buy something else if you need a phone that works as a phone.

I got my stratosphere in oct. 2012 and this is my 3RD replacement! Still nothing has changed, it kicks me out of everything, my phone freezes, the microphone keeps going out, and the keyboard only works when it wants. I would not recommend this phone to anyone! I've always loved Samsung but this phone was a mistake. Its a good thing I have insurance or else id be screwed. I'm calling in today to see if I can get another phone, I'm not happy at all with the turn out of this phone. DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!

My wife wanted the Samsung Stratosphere for our Verizon upgrades because the reviews were very good and she wanted a smart phone with a keyboard. We decided to get one for her and one for my 15 yr old son for Xmas. The phones were free with a 2 yr contract through Best Buy. I was set on the Droid Razor until I took a survey of everyone I knew with iPhones and Androids. The feedback was unanimously in favor of the iPhone and not so good for Android. Most people say they want the iPhone and it will be there next phone. So I went with the 4S. After about 4 days of using my iPhone and my wife seeing how hers sucked battery like a vampire, she took it back and got the Apple 4s as well.So my son gets his for Xmas and he had it for a few days at home and loved the 4G speed, the keyboard and large screen. He is currently on a trip 5 days after getting it, with his school to Washington DC, New York City and other sites in the area for a week. This phone drains his battery in a matter of 6-7 hours or normal use, IF it is fully charged from being off all night. There are some tricks to get more battery, but this means turning off the 4G, no web surfing and limiting any downloading. What's the point of having a smart phone then? Here's the real kicker, halfway through the day the phone is dead and if he plugs it into the charger, it continues to drain the battery and will just shut off after a few minutes of talking. So he is stuck in New York City without a phone most of the day and it can't be used when charging. This makes no sense. Every phone I have owned for the last 15 years would have continuous power when plugged in to the wall. He can't make a simple phone call with this "smart phone, while plugged in to the wall if the battery is low or dead! It takes all night to charge the phone (must be powered off) and when he turns it on, the battery shows 3/4 charge immediately. He also says the phone has frozen 3 times on the trip while trying to simply use the unlock screen, playing music, or using the pull down status bar. The whole premise of having a phone do all the things you need it to, on-the-go is lost on this phone. So when he gets back this weekend, I am returning this horrible phone and getting him the iPhone. It seems that Apple has perfected this technology (besides the 4g that will likely show up ion the iPhone 5) and Android is trying, unsuccessfully to duplicate it and they miss the mark horribly. Perform any web search for any Android phone and battery issues and you will see that the iPhone wins hands down!Don't buy this phone, or take it for free..... you will be very disappointed.

This is my first android phone and i have to say im really impressed with it. The screen is really fantastic and so is the slideout QWERTY keyboard. It's one of the best i've ever used! Overall this is a really good phone. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone!!!!!

I purchased this phone through Amazon Wireless's Penny Phone program in May 2012.  I guess the old adage rings true: "You get what you pay for."First off, the upside:  Because Amazon and Verizon are partnered, Verizon has replaced the phone with a certified like-new version each and every time.  I'm currently waiting on phone number 4 to be delivered to me.  Phone number 1- solder holding battery connection came loose and it wouldn't charge at all.  Phone number 2- the phone kept giving me all kinds of sim card and sd card error messages and losing functionality.  No phone calls, no internet, no apps (well, I guess the calculator was still available in all fairness).  Phone number 3- won't hold a charge, won't charge above 11%, had it for two days and never once got it to charge.  Phone number 4- en route to my home.  I'm sure I'll be back to update when I have to get phone number 5.Ok- the truth.  This is the worst phone I have ever had. I will definitely think twice about EVER purchasing a Samsung device again.  I have been a Verizon customer for over seven years.  I have rarely had to call them over the years and I liked it that way.  Let me pay my bill and leave me alone.  It was a good arrangement.  It worked for us.  But then came the dreaded Stratosphere.  I did not have the foresight to clock my phone calls to Verizon regarding this phone, but if I had to guess, I have spent over twelve hours in the last month and probably 20 total in 2013 listening to an untrained "tech" support person walk me through troubleshooting steps I have already completed.  I've recently just taken the tack of being a complete b**** the second I get through to a person.  It's surprisingly more effective than I originally anticipated.  Tonight, when I called in about the phone AGAIN, the girl said, "Hello! And how are we this evening?!"  I just did the long sigh and said, "Eh!"  She didn't even walk me through troubleshooting but just ordered me a new phone.All right, getting off task.  The phone.  Yes... it's s****y.  Way s****y.  Pretty much the only redeeming quality of the phone is that it's got great glass on the screen.  I've dropped that sucker in nearly every parking lot in my town and the screen is still in pristine condition.  What's wrong then?  Well, the battery life is a joke.  Unless you can be tethered to a charger approximately every hour, then I would pass on this one.  No notifications when screen is in rest mode.  The transition from the home screen to the apps screen is dreadfully slow.  Speaking of slow, good luck making an emergency phone call if you have to power up the phone to do so.  Since the entire process from start up through the media scanning (that runs EVERY time you turn the phone on) is about five minutes, you had better hope your home isn't on fire or you're not being chased by a murderer.  You WILL die from this phone.  And let's talk about making calls... my expectations of a phone are pretty simple.  You dial a number, it rings, someone either is or isn't on the other end.  Not with the Stratosphere.  Here's how it works.  You go to the dial screen.  You dial and hit send.  The phone goes back to the home screen without dialing.  You frown at the screen and say something naughty to the phone.  You go back to the dial screen.  You dial again while muttering curse words under your breath.  You dial and hit send.  The phone goes back to the home screen again.  You look to turn off the power button and then magically, your first phone call dials out.  But then, your second call dials out.  Great feature if you're into three-way calling.... however, if you are trying to call your parents who really don't get call waiting, they get real confused as to how I can be calling them while I'm already talking to them.  Merging phone calls is an option, but I'm worried it's going to throw us into some kind of multi-dimensional stupor.  Oh and did I mention my favorite?  When the battery is low and you are on a phone call, it doesn't give you any kind of emergency warning that the battery is low.  It just dies.  Many times the recipient of my phone call thinks something bad has happened to me... but after I allow the phone to power up for five minutes (see above) and then dial them repeatedly hoping the phone call will go out (also see above), I'm able to call them back and let them know I'm ok.Basically, if you are thinking about buying this phone, do yourself a favor and stab yourself with a pencil instead.  Then spend some extra money and buy yourself a phone that actually works and isn't a total piece of crap.

This is the dumbest smart phone I've ever seen.  You can't change the volume for individual components - loud ringer = loud text message notification volume.  The calendar won't remind you, so if you happen to be out of the room when the little chime goes off, you'll not hear it again.  You can't change the ringer.  Nope, you just have to sound like everyone else.  The ringer volume, even at high, is way too low.  You can't remove any of the useless factory installed programs, which means you have to hunt through unneeded crap to find what you want.  As for voice dial?  I haven't gotten it to understand a single command yet.  I stopped by the Verizon store, and he gave up, too.  Everything I've asked how to do I've been told that I couldn't do with this phone.  What?  My old LG Lotus was so much smarter than this.  And there NO WAY it will get 8 hrs of talk time.  Four, if you're lucky.  Oh, and there is NOT AN APP for everything.  Even the Verizon employee couldn't find a simple one for the things I asked about.  I am very disappointed, and very angry.

This phone is the most horrible phone I have ever used in my entire life.  I am counting the days until my contract allows me to get another phone.  First of all, it is SO slow that most of the time it can take close to a minute to open a text, place a phone call, open the calendar, etc.  I know that if you have a lot of apps running this can slow a phone down, but I have been into Verizon and have had the phone checked and I have downloaded almost no apps and have nearly nothing running most of the time.Also, about half of my calls have this terrible screeching sound that is so bad that I have to disconnect and call the person back.  Once the call is made again it's usually okay, but it happens so often it could happen again on the very next call.  The only way to make that better is to take the battery out, and even then it only stops for a short time.  This has to be an issue with the phone as I have had a replacement and the second phone does the same thing.For some reason it won't display the live wallpaper that is standard on the phone the way it's supposed to be displayed.Now, all of a sudden it's become difficult to plug in my charger and have it stay plugged in properly.  It beeps like it doesn't have a good connection to the charger even while it's sitting on a flat surface with nothing to disturb it, so sometimes I can get up in the morning and notice that my phone didn't charge all night even though it was plugged in.I would NEVER recommend this phone to someone, it is completely worthless and the biggest piece of junk I have or will ever use.

UPDATE AS OF 8/26/2013 this phone is junk, don't buy it.  I originally gave it two stars, but this phone broke on me twice.The first phone had a screen that went dark.  The second phone, was in my pocket when I bent over, and it cracked the screen.  I am back to standard phones.Originally, I gave this 3 stars, now it is just two.This is my first smart phone, so I am finding all the free apps, along with being able to get email from my various accountes useful.I am dissatisfied with the dreadful battery life.The battery doesn't even last a full 24 hours.  I take the phone off of the charger around 8am, and by 9pm, it often gives me a warning that I need to plug it in.I have been downloading some apps, but even on days I don't download apps, it still eats up the battery charge.I have noticed the phone get really warm, even when It is just sitting idle in my pants pocket, which lets me know it is doing some power intenisive procedure automatically that eats up battery life.The phone should not get warm, when I am not talking on it, charging it, or using it for heavy downloads, or GPS.It could be all the apps upgrading.  I have probably 17 extra apps on it.  INRX(Then Beat the Traffic), Angry Birds, Text Plus, Pandora, Weather bug, barcode scanner(used once), youtube(don't use), Netflix(haven't used) Recipes(haven't used yet), Droid Machine(not yet) Webroot Secure Anywhere(always running), BBC News, Zillow(used once) Timerriffic(setup to turn off notification while I sleep) CNN(used once), MSNBC(used once), Fox news(never used)I purchased this phone because it was the only one with a slide out full keyboard, and it was 49.00 with a 2 year contract upgrade.All my friends have smart phones(all but one on Verizon) so I have compared my phone to thiers.Some notable comparisons:Droid Razer(much better than this phone)Much more sleek, with a smoother, faster loading interface, with better 4G reception.  He did pay at least 200 dollars for his phone though.My other friends Samsung Proclaim(Using Straight Talk on the Verizon Network)This is a nice phone that is more sleek than my phone, which from the feedback of my friend, has better battery life, with similar funcionality.  Of course this phone is 3G only, which is considerably slower than 4G.My other Friends Casio Gz's One CommandoThis is a more rugged 3G phone using the Verizon Network. From the feedback from my friend, this phone seems to have decent battery life.  I have checked the specs with this phone, and it doesn't seem to have the functionality of the Stratospher, although it is much more rugged.Overall, I am finding this a usefull, although sometimes dissapointing tool.  I used it once while I was in the field at work to look up a electronic chip pinout in order to build a circuit.  Check traffic every day, check my email, and monitor the weather.If you don't expect much, go ahead and get it for the price.  If you are really particular, maybe spend more on a phone.  However, at the time of this writing, I think this is the only smart phone, with a Quirwty(sp) keyboard..

I was in desperate need of a new phone back in 2012 as my EnV was starting to give me trouble. I loved my EnV though, despite the weirdness, and I was particularly fond of its QWERTY and lack of touch screen. Initially I didn't want a smart phone, it was too much of a hassle and simply had lots of features I'd never use, but I was swayed by the Stratosphere having a QWERTY and being free with my current contract.Let me say, as a summary for this review, that you get what you pay for. If it's free, then expect it to be what most free electronics are... crap.But let's start with the positive before I begin my rant. The touch icons are a nice size, so it's easy to find whatever you're looking for and not accidentally open another program/app. The QWERTY is great, and having a physical keyboard is something a tactile person such as myself just loves. When it works, the GPS is accurate and the speaker is loud enough to easily hear directions over music and bad singing in the car. It's also quite durable. It has been accidentally dropped a few times and other than an itsy bitsy scratch on the screen (darn thing landed on a sharp rock) there is no other damage.But the bad far outweighs the good.I was motivated to write this review because for the last two years I have received... maybe 70% of what is sent to me. Yes, that's a majority, but that 30% of missed calls and lost texts have always been important. My voicemail message instructs people to try me again because half the time my phone doesn't even register that a call has been made. My call log doesn't update, it never rings, but suddenly I have a voicemail- and before haters start badgering me, this all happens whether my phone has full charge, half charge, or even plugged in to charge.Speaking of charge, the battery life on this phone is pathetic. If I unplug it at full charge and then sleep for a standard 8 hours, when I wake up it will be at 10% charge or completely dead. This happens even when I receive no calls or texts simply because there are so many programs and apps on this phone that you cannot remove or turn off that just sit in the background and do.. whatever it is they do. I've tried turning off background applications, turning off automatic updates and mobile data, and even running my phone in power saving mode, all to no effect. In fact power saving mode seems to increase the chances of a call or text not coming through.I've also had my phone create &#34;franken-text&#34; which, let me explain. It will take an old text from months ago and then decide to send it instead of the new text, but it will merge the new text with the old. As an example, if months ago you texted me &#34;hello, I enjoy salad&#34; and then today you decided to text me again saying &#34;I lied, I like salmon instead&#34; then the new text, which I would receive, would say &#34;hello, I enied, salainsead&#34;. This has definitely led to problems of miscommunication or downright confusion.There are a myriad of problems with this phone, and the second that I have the spare money I'll be buying a Galaxy S5 because, despite the QWERTY, this phone is not worth all the issues.

I purchased this phone in Nov 2011 when it first came out. I'm still happy with it. I chose it mostly for the Querty keyboard which I much prefer. I could've chosen a faster phone if I waited a bit or gave up on the slider keyboard. My old phone was broken, so that made up my mind. I have really had no issues at all with this phone until the September 2012 update. I have no problem connecting to WiFi, but browsing is slower than before which is very annoying. Email and FaceBook still work fine for me.The screen quality is excellent. Sound is good, great with headphone or Bluetooth.  I have dropped it many times, even on pavement, and it hasn't cracked or broken. The battery life isn't great. I did have to buy a new battery, but, I'm a heavy user. Batteries are cheap on Amazon. I love that it can be personalized. No problem creating ringtones, there's apps for that. The problem someone mentioned about emoticons popping up is not something I've seen. The QuickOffice app it comes with works very well for Office type tasks. The camera is OK, not great. The front facing camera is adequate for videochat but not photos. Not having an LED indicator light is solved by getting the NoLED app. When it was new the slider was a little sticky when pulling out which resolved itself with use. Call clarity is good on both ends. Reception is good. It does everything I need and more. I dislike all Verizon's bloatware. I just made a folder and stuck all the icons in it since you can't uninstall the apps. Luckily, this phone has plenty if memory and I added a bigger SD card. Although it doesn't have the "beam" capabilities of the newer phones, it does have WiFi direct which was very handy for moving things to my new tablet. For the price, this is an excellent phone. I paid $49, now it's a penny. I'll be happy keeping this until my next upgrade. Then I'll probably go for a faster phone with a better camera.

This is my first smartphone and Im glad it is... I got it for Christmas and I have loved it!!! I cant believe all the features it has and how fast everything downloads... It is easy to use and I like the option of the qwery board even though it has a one on the screen also...this was an upgrade phone for me so I didnt pay for it but renewed my contract with Verizon for another 2 yrs but I love Verizon so I dont mind...I know some of the reviews had some negative comments but I have no other smartphone to compare this one to because it being my first one soo I think I made a great choice and I am very, very happy!

I asked for this handset for xmas to replace a motorola droid 2 that had cracked. It was purchased at best buy with their best and most expensive replacement warranty. I made one outgoing call, and heard just silence. Then the person called me back and asked if I had pocket dialed him, because all he had heard was background noise. I assumed *his* phone was the problem because hey, mine was brand new! But this outgoing call trouble continued. Approx 1/3 of my calls were just silence on my end (not even ringing heard) but the other person can hear me saying, "Hello?".So the purchaser of this gift went to BB with the handset, to tell them about the problem. He came back reporting that 2 test calls (one in, one out) had been made, and both worked. I was furious. I went back to BB (a 40 mi trip for me) and demanded resolution. The employee was snotty & said that if he couldn't duplicate the problem, there was nothing he could do. So he used the phone to call his cell. FAIL. Tried again. FAIL. So he said there may have been a firmware update since my handset was made (at this point I'd only had the phone a few days)! He did a firmware update. He called his cell again, it worked. Called the store's main number, it worked. So I left hopeful that it was resolved.It wasn't. It only happens about 5-10% of the time now, but that is still WAY too often. I am trying to collect the time & chutzpah to go back to BB & insist they replace my handset despite the fact that it doesn't happen on every call.BTW the genius at BB's wireless area told me to call Verizon to report any future trouble.A) If I can't make outgoing calls, how do I do that? andB) It's not a network issue, it started happening the minute I got the Stratosphere handset.THEN he tried to tell me that I inadvertently pressing 'mute' on my end. Ummmmm... except that mutes MY side so the other person can't hear me. The trouble I'm having is the exact opposite.I had really high hopes for this phone set and am very disappointed to be back at square one!!Even if all my outgoing calls were working, I have a few other suggestions for this handset...1. Insanely long delay on the camera (from pressing the shutter button to the actual photo being taken).2. It doesn't seem to synch my hotmail, gmail or google calendar regularly. I asked it to via the settings, but I still have to do it manually. I bid for jobs, so I have to be notified immediately if a request comes thru, or I lose money!3. The GPS signal is very unreliable. I can be right in the middle of town, navigating my way to a job, and it will tell me that the GPS signal was lost, and it won't come back on for 10-15 minutes. Sometimes turning it off & back on helps, other times, not.So, part of my complaint is about BB & their false warranty claims, but really it's with this handset bc I wouldn't have needed to involve BB if this phone worked!On the plus side, I will say that the screen is very clear. I took a photo with the phone the day I got it, and made it my phone's wallpaper, and the colors and clarity are just stunning.

If you decide you absolutely must get it, get the warranty. 7 months, on my 4th (going in tomorrow for my 5th). First, there are only 2 nice things when they are working, the screen and the camera. This phone is S L O W. The physical keyboard fails a lot. None of the 4 of these I've had will maintain a wireless internet connection of any kind, so forget that it says 4G. Every phone I've had before this lasted at least 2 years, even my previous Samsung. This phone is junk.

This is without doubt the worst cell phone I have ever owned.  One year in and our THIRD one has failed.  I generally like Samsung phones but the Statosphere platform is a piece of crap.  Battery drains, sometimes won't charge (seems to be discharging about about the same rate it is charging), freezes, audio stopped working, this is the worst phone I have ever owned and I have been using cell phones since the 1990's.

I got this in order to renew Verizon's Unlimited Data plan before they make their pricing/plan changes this summer.  Before this, I had an LG Ally, which was similar in size physically and has a slide-out keyboard, but has a smaller screen and no 4G capabilities.The keyboard on the Stratosphere is VERY disappointing compared with the Ally's.  Though the real estate for the physical keyboard is only a tad larger on the Stratosphere, the keyboard layout on the Ally is much closer to a standard QWERTY keyboard.  The FATAL FLAW on the Samsung's keyboard is the placement of the Shift key, which is under the A key and moves the bottom row of letters over by one.  Having the key layout in a GRID may appear elegant, but it is far from being functional.Something tells me the designers have never typed on a standard keyboard - when you want type a symbol that shares a button with a number, either a SHIFT or ALT (or FN) should generate the symbol.  On the Stratosphere, you MUST use an FN for the symbol.  This is especially annoying when I'm trying to type an @ and SHIFT-2 generates a 2. Have you had to type an @ lately?  The Home key is located where a SHIFT key is expected, which makes it too easy to cancel a message by accident.Verizon's bloatware goes without saying.On the bright side, it is MUCH faster than the Ally and it has more built-in storage, so I can actually download and use apps.And it was "free" via Amazon Wireless, though I now wonder if I should have spent the extra money on the Droid 4 if only for a proper QWERTY keyboard.On the other hand, 4G LTE plus a HotSpot app (not the official one, of course) makes it work well for connecting a laptop via WiFi so some REAL work can get done - the slider keyboard is only there as a LAST RESORT.Given that having a slider keyboard is why someone would choose this phone over another, I'll have to ding it MAJORLY for the keyboard's awful design.  GOOD DESIGN IS NOT HARD!!!!

The Stratosphere is my first smart phone, purchased on a Verizon contract. I like its keyboard and bright screen. With no experience to compare, I'm surprised at how slowly it populates web sites, either via WIFI or 4G. Often it times out before the site downloads. Battery life is too short to be practical, only about 10 hours with minimal usage (2-3 calls, a few texts). Verizon support is inadequate, the manual is superficial, store clerks can't answer simple questions. The GPS typically requires several minutes to lock and then drops off at random moments. Oddly, the phone overheats while on GPS. My next phone will be an iPhone, maybe I'll learn that all phones perform this poorly.

I am personally still using this phone. The QWERTY feels great, the screen looks fantastic (although the brightness setting does not go low enough), and it is crazy fast. However, the battery life is poor even for a 4g phone. On top of this the lcd screens/digitizers are EXTREMELY fragile. A quick search online will show that the screen will crack on its own in cold conditions, and even one drop can be enough to crack this screen. I have seen a Stratosphere that has taken a hit on the corner's screen leak out with no external dents to indicate any extreme trauma to the unit. Search ebay for Stratosphere parts and you will find no less than a dozen phones at any given time being sold with a cracked screen. There is a reason carriers are practically giving these phones away even though they have been out little more than half a year.

My previous experiences with Samsung cells and Smartphones have been excellent. This one is amazingly glitchy. I returned the first, thinking it was defective but the second displayed the same problems within weeks. I've now dealt with three Strats. All three are given to forgetting English in favor of Spanish when speaking text. Settings say they are in English, but they make a hash of "Where is the bathroom" and get "&iquest;D&oacute;nde est&aacute; el ba&ntilde;o" tilde perfect. Switch settings to Spanish then back to English and it's fine til the next time.Browser shuts down or restarts frequently. The cell itself shut down frequently in the first 9 months I had it, not so much now. Perhaps an OS update fixed it?Phone-to-ear sound quality is poor. I've fussed with them, brought them into Verizon for fussing. All have inferior sound to my last Samsung Smartphone.On the plus side, speaker mode is excellent; Pandora comes through beautifully in my hip holster. Better sound than my laptop.

I had to get this instead of my Motorola Droid 2 Global, since 2 miles south of my home is a large area with no Verizon 3G service.  Now, when I go there I can get 4 G, though I sometimes have to restart the phone to do so.  The battery goes dead more quickly, and the phone seems to change some settings on its own.  Some things are more difficult to do - just less intuitive.  It's an OK phone, but quirkier than the Motorola.

Current problem (of many): Phone dialer times out before you can enter a key during a call ... e.g. selecting answering service options. Cannot even enter password for voice mail.Unreliable memory: Am on 5th reformat of SD card.Frequent delays for media to update ... I really don't want to wait for whole catalog to update when I want to listen the same book I was listening to two minutes earlier ...Frequent loss of all personalizations ........

I recently started having reliability problems with my iPhone 4 and examined upgrade options. I had had a very early Droid and I liked its flexibility and ability to be configured more easily than the iPhone. I also never liked my iPhone's virtual keyboard for texting. With those things in mind I looked into recommendations of consumer magazines and bought the Samsung Stratosphere, which came from Verizon with a 14 day trial period.The phone has good and bad points like almost every electronic device. The interface is generally good, though it is now harder to tailor than earlier Androids in my opinion (some things are seemingly impossible to get rid of; a trait of iPhones too.) The display is gorgeous, and I found the camera and video to be good. I thought the Internet interface worked great, and call quality and clarity were both good. I also like the flexibility that the SD card provides. The physical keyboard is a very nice feature (and was the primary driver of my selection of the Stratosphere,) and though it's not as comfortable to use as an older LG I had, it's satisfactory. The balance of the phone with the keyboard extended is awkward however, and the physical requirements of the keyboard make the phone notably thicker and heavier than the competition (especially when compared to the new iPhone 5.) The battery life is nothing to write home about; you might want to pack a spare battery if you travel and are a heavy cellphone user. For me the biggest single negative was the contour of the phone itself: it is very curved and has highly profiled edges making it easy (very easy) to drop, though some cases may help this. I dropped my Stratosphere more times in the first week I had it than I dropped my iPhone in over two years.Ultimately after using the Stratosphere for ten days I reevaluated it and decided I wasn't going to be happy with it for a two year contract duration and did something I didn't think I would do: I returned the Stratosphere, paid the restocking fee, and got a new iPhone 5. Though I don't love the iPhone 5 (though I like it better than the 4,) I do prefer it to the Stratosphere overall (though call clarity is worse on the iPhone) due to it being so much thinner and lighter. I miss the physical keyboard, but I don't regret making the swap.The bottom line is this: if you want a Droid and you want a physical keyboard, this is a very good choice, just realize it's noticeably heavier and clumsier to handle than some of the competition.



I have never written a review on ANYTHING before, because it has never been worth my time.  Let me just say this simply - this phone, is without a doubt, the biggest waste of EVERYTHING there is.  The lag time is beyond frustrating, button sensativity is HORRIBLE, the phone takes forever to gain a signal, and I don't care what Verizon says about 4G LTE, this is MUCH slower for web browsing than my old 3G HTC Incredible II and I.I'm not going to even waste my time writing more about this.  But just know... from one careful buyer to another, this is the most incredible waste of your money, time, energy, and anything else.... STEER... CLEAR.

When our Verizon contract expired in March 2012, I took out a new 2-year contract with a Samsung Stratosphere 4G Android phone. This was my first smartphone, and I'm still learning how to take advantage of its features and capabilities, but I have to say it's been a good experience so far. I live in a large metropolitan area where the 3G/4G coverage is very good, so phone calls seldom have dropouts, and file transfers are relatively fast. But I've had the phone in some fairly remote areas in the West, and the connections were still solid with decent download speeds.I am by no means a power user, but I make a fair number of phone calls, and I use about a dozen Android apps regularly, including the Gmail app. I've been impressed with the Stratosphere, as well as the Android OS. One feature of the phone was an unexpected benefit. My wife and I are geocachers, and I found that the GPS in the phone is as accurate as my older model DeLorme GPS, and it's a lot more convenient to use, since geocache data and coordinates can be sent to the phone wirelessly from my PC, and the Android geocaching app is very good. The GPS is also great for navigation with MapQuest.I like the slide-out keyboard, although I usually use the virtual onscreen keypad for typing. I've used the back-facing camera for both stills and video, and it's a superb camera for a smartphone, and very handy to have, especially with some of the image editing apps that are available. The camera also works really well with apps like Google Goggles and the bar code and QR code scanner apps. Web browsing with the default browser is fast enough, although I have also used the Dolphin browser, and I like it too.So I've only used a few of the Stratosphere's features, but the ones I have used have been impressive. Overall, I've been very pleased with the phone.

I have had Samsung Stratosphere phone,  for about a year, that has a great deal of difficulty connecting to home wifi., which is a complete Verizon setup, but it appears that, although it finds the Verizon wifi network, and connects to the network it cannot reliably send/receive web pages.  The phone is fine as a phone, with a great display, but a smart phone, not really very smart.  I cannot recommend the Samsung product.

easy to use phone, with good voice quality and bright easy to read display. I found the dialer particularly easy to use in both touchscreen mode and hands-free mode, which was important to me. My prior phone was an HTC Incredible 2, but the Samsung Stratosphere was a clear winner in terms of the touch and voice dialing interfaces.Battery life also was decent on 3g (CDMA) mode, and I got 2 days before charging phone.  If you are a heavy use of data (frequent facebook updates, etc) or need 4 g (LTE),you may wish to purchase an extended battery and larger back door/battery cover which are currently not expensive.

What can I say ?You would be hard pressed to find a phone with more problems, and less performance.Can't make a phone call cause the microphones go bad all the time. Not to mention the phone app is horrible. It was like they wrote a program to make it hard as possible to connect to a call, to dial a number, to talk on the phone, and to operate the phone while on a call.Can't put too much on this phone, cause it cannot handle it.You cannot send pictures in your text messages, cause that is screwed up in the phone's programming.I love Samsung and their products, and am so surprised at how poor of a product this is. Seriously, I cannot think of something that I have every possessed that worked worse than this phone. It is horrendous.I would be ashamed if I were Samsung or Verizon for putting my name on a product.Again, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. Find something else, anything else.

The Samsung Stratosphere is the absolute worst phone I've ever owned.I'm on my third phone in less than a year. The original died after 6 months when the screen went permanent purple. The refurb replacement went to a green screen on St Patty's Day weekend.During the original phone's short life, I had to endure 3 hard resets resulting in having to download all the apps and download my backed up photos and contacts each time.The latest refurb phone will go back to home screen while trying to dial a number or in the middle of typing a text message. The phone will lock up where I have to pop the battery 2-3 times per day (power button won't respond either). I have to restart the phone 4-5 times per day in order to reset the service connection or just clear the memory in order to do anything with the phone.The response from Verizon (since I'm now 4 days out of warranty) is to buy a used phone of a different brand or type Samsung from Craigslist or EBay and have it activated....Right...I'll do that right away.I've owned 'dumb' phones made by Samsung and always been pleased with the quality. Their smart phones - at least this one, leaves much to be desired. This phone is pathetic.Avoid this phone like the plague.On top of everything, when Verizon sold me the phone I asked if it was international capable, and the rep said yes. However, it is NOT international capable. That's partly my fault for not researching the phone first. Note to others - when being solicited by Verizon by phone to upgrade your phone, tell them to piss off until you can research the crap they're selling.

Smart phones not for smart people!IF U WANT GOOD EMAIL SERVICE AND CLEAR CALLS THIS DEVICE NOT FOR u!#1 criticism is battery might last 24 hours in lesser settings.#2 is screen goes almost immediately to sleep.#3. emails need a mganifing glass 10 power#4. No LED indicator u recd a message#5. with all this I will buy RIM Blackberry stock.

Short and sweet - worst phone ever.  It is actually possible that NOT having a cell phone is preferable.Phone locks up.  Pull it out of the case and it's frozen - the time will be several hours ago.  When that happens you have to cut it off and restart.  Sometimes you have to take the battery out first.Won't let you answer the phone.  Phone rings but the screen ignores your touch to answer until AFTER the party has hung up then the screen will let you swipe it.Battery life is non-existent.  You actually can watch the battery level go down.  Replaced the phone battery with an extended battery to be able to last for up to two hours before recharging and that's with the phone in it's case unused!I could go on with the list of problems, but what would be the point?Took the phone back to Verizon and basically was told there was nothing they could do EXCEPT charge me $100 to exchange the phone for another of the same under the insurance.  I was told if I was willing to do that two or three times (at $100 a pop) I might get one that was at least usable.  When I asked what he would recommend, he told me to order a used phone on ebay of ANY kind and try to pawn this off on someone on ebay.  He said he wished he had never seen this phone in his store as the phone had so high a problem rate that salespeople were actually taking it off the floor and hiding it so people wouldn't buy it.And YET, they were still offering it!

i have this phone, i love it. i switched to this phone from a vortex & the difference was huge. this phone has more features than the vortex. the pictures come put great, sure the battery could be better, but what android couldn't use a better battery, it all depends on how you use your phone. the slid out keyboard is amazingg. i love the fact that you can switch keyboards (swype, android &another one) on the phone. this phone is amazing i would most certainly recommend :)

Me and everyone in my family got a Stratosphere for Christmas 2011. The phones worked all right for almost a year. They were essentially free phones, so we didn't expect much out of them. After the FF1 update though our phones have all pretty much become useless, glowing paperweights. My phone constantly freezes, never keeps up with typing, overheats, randomly loses network connection, reboots, battery dies in a few hours of use, WiFi drops out, and has never received any actual Android upgrades (despite it coming out months after the ICS update).Verizon just pushed another update to it this month but didn't actually fix any of its major problems (nor acknowledge that this phone has some serious issues). They updated their built-in apps, fixed email problems (which I never experienced) and supposedly made it possible to remove the bloatware that came with the phone (I can't actually uninstall it though... it's still on my phone without the option to uninstall...). Since it's past its warranty I have to wait until December to get a new phone, though with its performance exponentially declining every day I may just pay the cancellation fee, drop Verizon, and use my Strat for some target practice.

Pros:Fantastic ScreenGood cameraGood build quality4GReally nice keyboardAndroid 2.3Cons:A bit on the chunky sideBattery life could be betterNo 1080P video recordingSummary:My wife and I recently ditched our OG Droids. She got a Droid Charge, and I got the Stratosphere.As far as:Speed, mine is as fast as hers.Software, mine has the advantage of Android 2.3.Screen, you can't tell a difference in image quality, but her screen is a little bigger (although hers is almost too big to manage with one hand).I'm really liking this phone so far. They keyboard is really nice (much nicer than on my Droid). Build quality is very good (although a little more plasticy than my Droid).The camera actually is pretty good. You're not going to get DSLR pictures out of it, but it's very servicable.The battery on the Stratosphere is bigger than on the Charge, but it doesn't seem to last much longer. Still long enough to get through a work day with pretty heavy use (I stream podcasts and books to my bluetooth headset all day). I sure miss the pre-smartphone days of recharging twice a week though. I ordered the extended battery to stretch this out a little more.I haven't hit any performance snags yet, everything seems to be pretty buttery smooth.I would highly recommend the Stratosphere to anyone wanting to upgrade to a new keyboard-packing smartphone.

Does this phone need internet?? Because i really want this Phone. This Phone look's really amazing. Need it really bad.

I owned one of these for a little over a year. I have to agree with the problems when going from 4G to other reception areas. The phone comes to a virtual stand-still. If you check the Verizon website regarding this phone, you will see a lot of issues such as the one I experienced that resulted in my inability to use the phone at all. The battery begins to hold less of a charge very quickly (and this was after I did the "drain & charge" battery conditioning upon purchase). I even purchased an extended battery as a back up (because I travel a lot) and it wouldn't hold a charge once the phone went bad either. Well, apparently the phone has neglected to charge for many other users, after varying lengths of time of ownership. So the question you have to ask yourself is, "Do I want to gamble on this not happening to me?" I enjoyed the QWERTY, slide-out keyboard but it, in no way, could make up for the frustration I experienced when I could no longer power up the phone for longer than 15 seconds because it wouldn't charge the battery from ANY source...electrical outlet, car charger, USB cable, NOTHING!

This is the worst phone I've ever dealt with. I bought it for my wife for her first "smart" phone. As time goes by this piece of junk is getting progressively worse. The battery needs to be removed almost daily to combat the regular lag issues that develop.  I have to uninstall and then re-install apps to gain full functionality of them, an example being Facebook, it will randomly stop loading pictures and videos. The battery life is terrible. Mainly due to the abysmal memory management of all the bloatware pre loaded on the phone.  Even with an extended battery she will barely get a full day of use out of this phone. Your money will be better spent and any other phone on the market.

I Have had this phone for about 7 months and loved it right out of the box.  Fast connection, slide-out keyboard, large display.  Camera, video & recorder are OK quality, but this is a phone and I didn't expect more than OK quality.  There are several cons, though, some minor, others not.  Most of these I did not discover until I had the phone too long to exchange for a different model.1. Volume button on side is easily accidentally activated while simply picking up phone, resulting in volume turned so low that I cannot hear phone ringing.2. Space button on keyboard is long and must be hit in exactly the right spot to work.3.  Screen difficult/impossible to see in sunlight.4.  Touch screen doesn't work if out on a hot day, such as at a swim meet, even in the shade!  Saw a creepy guy at a recent swim meet but was unable to call the constable because I was unable to pull up my contacts, and no one else had the constable's number!5.  Square-up and Intuit credit card swipers don't work on this phone, which is disappointing because this is primarily why I bought a smart phone!  According to Intuit's website, their swiper should work on this model, so it may just be my phone. And yes, I did try multiple swipers and talked to tech support.6.  At first I was able to charge the phone while it was on, but now I have to turn it off to charge it.  As this phone is used for business this is NOT a good thing!  Also sometimes the phone doesn't charge when it is plugged in, so I have to monkey around with it until I see a battery image pop up to make sure that it is actually charging.I would like to exchange this phone for a replacement but they will only send me a re-conditioned one, and after reading other reviews, I am afraid that I will get one that is even worse than what I have now!Bottom line,there are better phones out there, get one of those instead!

Wide, clear touch-screen, probably the best QWERTY keyboard I've seen on a cell phone (bigger keys than most) yet still small enough to fit into your slacks pocket without being too terribly visible.But...While the rest of the world moves on with Android 4 and better, the Stratosphere is stuck at 2.3.6, meaning a lot of your apps don't work on it. The battery often has trouble maintaining a charge (I've had the &#34;extended life&#34; battery go dead in 15 minutes) and has a tendency to overheat badly, especially if you are using the phone while it is charging. Wifi connectivity, especially since the forced out shift from 2.3.5 to 2.3.6, is terrible. You can be sitting 2 feet from a Wifi hotspot, showing full bars of connectivity, and the OS kicks you off and cycles through a search for available wifi that can resolve in 10 seconds or never, to the point that you are forced to turn wifi off and use your purchased,  often limited (depending on your provider) data plan - which can take anywhere from 15 seconds to several minutes to be recognized by the Strat. Some days the Stratosphere decides not to recognize your MicroSD card; this tends to happen for me when I have a single large file on my MicroSD card; even if I am only using 28% of the space on the card, if I have taken a video that is, say, 10 minutes long, until I remove the MicroSD card and use an adapter to plug it into a computer and remove that single video, the Strat will pretend the whole card does not exist. Some days the phone feature, the single most importat feature of a cell phone (really? sad that I have to say that) is so disfunctional that I can enter a phone number and hit send, the dialing app closes, nothing else will start, and anywhere from 2-5 minutes later (I'm not exagerating), the phone will suddenly process the call.The sad thing is, if you google Stratosphere issues, you will see that Samsung has known about some of these issues since 2011 but opted, rather than to fix the problem, to start putting out new generations of Stratosphere and other devices. In short, they chose to ignore existing customers and instead focus on new customers.This does not make me, for one, terribly interested in buying a new Samsung product when my contract on this phone ends in February.

My wife and I were up to upgrade.  We previously had the EnV3 (non-smartphone)  At first I couldn't decide between an iPhone or a Droid cause those are what you always hear about.  Well, my wife and her mom got the Stratosphere, which was an amazing $19.99 price with an accessory pack at Costco.  Verizon had the phone alone, no accessory pack for $99 buy one get one free.  I went ahead, after many 2nd, 3rd, & 4th thoughts...And upgraded to the Driod Bionic for $199.99...I literally kept the phone for for 1 day.  After seeing how easy it was for my wife to use the Stratosphere and comparing with the Bionic...other than the 8 MP camera and 1080p HD Video, the Stratosphere did just fine on both...I decided I wanted what she had.  So yes, I returned the $200 phone for a $20 phone and LOVE IT!  Just wish we could figure out if you can zoom the camera when using it and the video.

This phone is great. Anyone that can afford, should get it. Its awsome. I just wish I had this phone. But, I dont and from what I have heard its, DANG.

This phone is amazing.  I have it for 2 weeks now.  I'll admit it is my first android, but I've had the iphone and palm pre plus, so I'm not new to smart phones.  Palm was my all time favorite OS, but there is just no support for it.  I switched to android and it is amazing.  It does a lot of the things that Siri on the new iphone does.  You can speak commands like "text Dave" or "navigate to Pizza Hut".  This is nothing new, but I had no idea that the Stratosphere could do it.  It's super quick and really user friendly.  It syncs up easily with all of your email, facebook and gmail contacts.The phone has been called a "mid-tier" device, but the specs are the same as most of the phones that came out the first half of 2011.  Just because there are a few crazy fast and powerful devices with 1GB of ram and 1.5 dual core processors, does not mean that this phone is a lesser device.  I promise that if you are not a developer, and are not coming from the Galaxy Nexus or Droid Razr, you will not notice any difference in the less than year old specs of this thing.  There is no lag.  The only problems I've had were when Verizons 4g network had problems, but that is not the phones' fault.This is an amazing phone for the price.  My wife was going to get the Droid Razr, but liked the Stratosphere way more.  She has no idea what the difference in processor or RAM is so that is saying something about the Strat.  If you are considering this device, there is no reason to pass it up.

I have used this phone for almost 20 months and this is the worst phone I have ever had.  It over heats, freezes and requires battery removal to reboot it.  The battery lasts maybe 6 hours on a full charge, if I'm lucky.  It will text a picture if and when it wants to.  The dimmer works on the screen some days, but not others.  The vibration mode is broken now.  Even if it's free, it's like not having a phone with all of the issues.  Do not buy this lousy product.

The only thing I like about this phone is the camera. I didn't want a smartphone in the first place, but Verizon has crap for regular phones. I got this phone because of the slide-out keyboard which doesn't work half the time. Sometimes it randomly starts going to shortcuts (if I type 'G' it goes to google, etc which I have since completely disabled this feature, I hope) and I have no clue how the feature gets turned on so obviously no clue how to turn it off when it starts doing this. Sometimes when I'm typing, NOTHING shows up in the text box, other times it says the program encountered a problem and needs to close then nothing will work.I also had to turn the wifi off. I was lucky if my battery lasted 12 hours... this was happening on weekends when I was at home with a wifi connection, not even using the phone. I haven't downloaded ANY apps, I use the phone for texting and taking pictures. Since turning the wifi off my battery is lasting closer to 4 days.The phone also came with apps on it like some NFL Network thing, a Blockbuster app and some games... I don't want this crap on my phone that I'm not going to use. Have tried uninstalling several times then rebooting the phone and the apps won't go away!

I had a good experience with this phone initially for the first year.  However after a year, things are not working properly.  The issues I experience are: the WiFi stops working 15 minutes after rebooting the phone.  The WiFi "connects" but the browser stops responding.  The phone randomly restarts, even in the middle of a conversation.  The Visual Voicemail requires frequent refresh. I am hunting around for a replacement phone, but still locked into the Verizon agreement for one more year.

I've had this phone for several months now, and like a lot of things about it - the keyboard, the tough protective case that came with it, the best reception I've had yet.  But this is driving me insane: Samsung has programmed it irreversibly, I've read, to decide to insert their stupid emoticons randomly in my text messages.  You might be texting to get directions to a funeral, and a screen will pop up asking what kind of smiley face you want to insert.  So if you don't text, this might be a great phone for you.  But if you do, be warned they've wrecked an otherwise great phone with this constant interruption of texting with the unwanted emoticon screen.

I got this phone for a modest fee with contract and I was very happy with it for about a month. I like the 4G features, the live wallpapers were beautiful and it has a physical keyboard, yet it was very slim and light.Unfortunately it will not hold up to daily use. My last smartphone (Motorola) lasted 3 years with only minor cosmetic damage. This lasted about 50 days before the screen broke. It fell from less than a foot (off coffee table) and the screen didn't crack- it SHATTERED. It still functions if I use the physical keyboard but the screen is useless.I have several electronics from Samsung in my home and have been very happy with all them; I was sure this was a fluke so I contacted Samsung, but after 3 conversations with different reps I am left with this option: Pay 5 times what I paid for the phone to fix the screen, or buy a new phone at full price.After this experience I will not be buying or recommending  any more Samsung products.

I've had this phone for a little over a year and overall it's lived up to/surpassed all my expectations WITH a few exceptions. First off, within the year I've had it it has broken 3 times; all three were for the battery port (not charging.) This was a little weird to me because I'm not rough on my phone by any means. Also, the battery life was pretty terrible with the original battery in it so I was forced to put a thicker extended battery in. This wasn't so bad because I don't mind the added bulk and it was only $30, but to someone who wants slim that could pose a problem. NOTE: The original battery was bad with minimal use, not like 10 hours of all internet/games or somethings - Just texting, maybe one or two calls, and the occasional Facebook/email checking. However, the internet is beyond fast (and I live where most carriers don't even get service,) the calls are crystal clear, and the camera/video is pretty high quality. I mean I wouldn't be bothering replacing it if I didn't think it was a pretty decent phone!

I've been reluctant to jump on the smart phone bandwagon largely because I dislike touch screens.  The slide-out keypad made the Samsung Stratosphere a less-intimidating choice for me.  I've had the phone for a while now, and thus far, I've had no real problems with it!  Over all, the construction quality is high, and the phone itself looks sharp.  The camera, for me, is nothing more than a point-and-shoot device, so as long as I can recognize the picture, I'm happy, and this camera works for me (quite well, actually, but I don't feel that my opinion would be the most helpful.)Here are some things that I like:*The AMOLED screen is amazingly sharp!  Animations and videos run very smooth, and swiping your finger over the polished glass surface has a very fluid feel to it.*Signal strength and call quality haven't been an issue for me.  I still haven't taken it into the elevator in the basement of the Student Center at Wayne State University (my old phone used to be able to get signal in it, when most people didn't.)*The slide-out keypad takes some getting used to...  My old LG enV 3's keypad was fairly compact.  Long gone are the days of one-handed operation!  This one is substantially larger!  Like any other device, once you acquaint yourself with the layout, you're good to go.*Wireless and 4G speeds are quite fast!  Pages load fairly quickly, and there isn't much waiting for the installation of most apps.*Users complain about battery life.  This has kind of perplexed me for some time:  This phone has a 1ghz CPU in it, as well as a large, bright screen.  These aren't laptops with huge batteries.  While I don't talk much on my phone, I do use the wireless and 4G connections quite a bit, and I have no problems making it through a whole work day. (I really only have to charge it at night.) If you're not talking on your phone or using power-intensive settings and your battery is still dying fast, you might want to check your settings.* Upgradable memory (by way of Micro SD) is a great feature.  All phones and tablets should have this.*Total integration with my Google Account is very nice!  As I said, this is my first smart phone, and having access to my Gmail, Calendar, Docs, Google + and Voice where ever I go is quite handy!*Some reviews indicate that the 1ghz processor is less desirable.  As of now, I don't see why.  The phone seems fast enough to handle the tasks I throw at it, and any faster processor would likely drain the battery faster.  The combination of reasonable price point and decent battery life make this phone a winner in my book.I haven't found anything that was so annoying that it's worthy of a comment.  Actually, all the annoyances I had stemmed from my lack of understanding of the device.  It does have a slight learning curve, for those who have never had a Smart Phone.  I managed to work out at least most of those kinks in about 2 days.  Ultimately, I highly recommend this phone.**4/16/12 Edit**If you're not one to heavily use your phone, feel free to ignore this.  But those of you who tend to surf the web, chat or text frequently when bored (or talk a lot, which I don't...) you might want to invest in an extended battery.  I bought the Samsung brand.  It adds a bulk to the phone, but it has no problem s making it through the day, even with fairly heavy use.  Before, I had to put it on the charger whenever I was in the car to make sure I had a good amount of juice.  After months of ownership, this is the only real issue I had with the phone, and it was rather expected, since it is a smartphone.**7/2/12 Edit**The extended battery does add bulk to the phone, and I wasn't able to find a case that fits it.  Unfortunately that is not a winning combination if you're to drop the phone...  You might want to consider that if you're clumsy!Also, before the phone plummeted, I was noticing a lot of lag...  Rebooting the phone seemed to solve most issues, though I suspect that the single core processor and the limited amount of RAM had something to do with it.

First of all, I'm writing this review from a reconditioned replacement stratosphere as the first one I got died & refused to restart after about four months with it. I had a replacement battery sent to me but the phone still wouldn't work so I had to temporarily activate my old lg vortex until the replacement stratosphere arrived. I tried the old battery in the new phone & vice versa, both the old phone & battery are bad. I've had the "new" phone for ~3 weeks. It still freezes at random requiring a battery pull, lately it has been losing service (voice & data) temporarily for 2-3 minutes at a time. On both 4G is on & off, but that's a problem with how the 4G sim connects to the network not the phone itself. This phone also will not get ICS because Samsung has decided not to update the old galaxy s line of phones which includes this phone, because they don't want to take time to fiddle around with touchwiz. I would not recommend this phone.

If I didn't have 3 months left until I can get a new phone, I would be throwing this phone against a wall and hitting it with a hammer. Maybe a baseball bat. I HATE THIS PHONE.Maybe, if it worked, I would like it better. But it doesn't. The phone is slow, taking sometimes up to a minute, just to come out of sleep. Using multiple apps at the same time is out of the question, and if you happen to get a text in the middle of a game or video, the entire phone crashes.Despite sitting right next to my router, the phone will be as slow as dial up when connected to wifi. When I move from a 4g area to a 3g area, it's anyone's guess when I'll actually be able to use any data, because apparently the phone senses that 4g is gone and doesn't bother connecting to 3g.I have spent the last 15 minutes trying to do a simple search in the facebook app for a store that I have "liked". The phone refuses to search. 4g: no dice, 3g: no dice, wifi: no dice. I'll look up the store on my computer when I get home.When my contract with this phone expires, I'm going Office Space on this thing.
