
what can I say the title says it all my daughter loves it and it came with extras that were not mentioned so that was an added bonus.

When my son needed my phone upgrade, I need a new one to replace my old phone. It took me a couple of days to get used to the no touch screen, but I actually like this phone it's compact...

The sound in the phone is not the best. Not as clear, tinny sounding. Otherwise works like my previuos Blackberry phone.

I guess you get what you pay for from CellMan and Amazon. I purchased this phone on Thursday and it did arrive on Friday (after I paid a premium for the express delivery). Nevertheless, this is where the satisfaction stops thus far. The phone came without a back cover (covers the battery). Arrgh!!!

I PURCHASED A BLACKBERRY CURVE AND AFTER GETTING IT ACTIVATED IT STARTED GIVING ME PROBLEMS I WOULD GO ONLINE AND GET KICKED OFF FOR SOME REason it. Erased all my pictures and videos and also erased my sd card and the keys where hard to push and a few didn't work at all so I went to buy another phone that worked

I have had the phone 2 months and still can't do anything with it. Not what i was expecting. Too confusing.

This phone did not activate. I took it to my verizon store, they said there was not enough numbers in the code behind the battery. I was very upset, went through a lot of trouble. It was a waste of time.

Was looking for a replacement phone as I caused water damage to my other- oops- Amazon seemed to have great deals on their phones so that's where I decided to make my purchase (wasn't wanting to pay the $200 plus for the remaining 3mths left on my contract for a new one). I did decide to go with a smart phone, which knowingly would cost me an addt'l $20 on my Verizon bill...what I didn't know was that the BlackBerry Curve I chose was approx 5 yrs old and a email based phone. Good for just receiving / sending email. The browser for internet is very limited to results...you may get if your lucky 3 results for anything you search. The applications are another big disappointment. The applications that are installed such as FB, My Space, and some of the other social networks - or even the non social networks (games, blackberry application, and so forth) state that upon when you try to use them that unfortunately this particular phone is not able to acquire these applications that you need to upgrade to a different phone or hey just pay another $30/ mth and they would be happy to get them working for you. What does all this mean...I am paying my cell carrier $20/mth extra to only get my emails that I couldn't get before and yes a lil bit of internet (I mean a little bit--of internet browsing--to the point of whats the use if you get 2 results and thats it). The applications are useless, you can't use them- not even the blackberry apps unless you pay for different phone or upgrade and pay them -Blackberry- an addt'l $30 a mth (I had expected to have a smart phone that had working email, applications, and a internet that showed results for the $20 I have to pay my Verizon carrier; I shouldn't be liable for another $30/ mth to Blackberry to get the phone to work properly- I paid for a smart phone but really its a phone good for just for calling, texting, emailing, pretty to look at....if you want anything else forget it- this is not the phone for you and is definately not worth the extra on your carrier plan for a smart phone). I will never purchase another cell phone from Amazon that is certain- I feel I am either due a new phone that will work up to my expectations (a smart phone that has the ability to surf internet, text, email, call, and have working applications) at no addt'l cost to me or refund me the $60 total  ($20/mth- 3 mths left w my carrier equals $60) for the phone not performing as company stated. My advice to anyone buying a phone...go to the carrier first...look at the phones and ask lots of questions of what the phone can do and so forth - some will even let you take the phone for a day and try it out; make sure you choose the phone that is right for you...get the correct name of the phone and all that good stuff then maybe just maybe consider buying from online. Look at me for example...tried to save some money and found this cute pink blkberry curve smart phone at a heck of a deal and thought wow I can even afford to have the extra $20 extra on my bill at that price for the smart phone (paying the internet price for those who don't know) and got suckered by the company. They gave me the cute phone, new in box, but if I wanted more I have to pay more and thats bad business--can't use the internet for nothing pretty much, apps are no good unless ya pay more, and just plain disappointed). Nothing said anywhere that hey if you buy this phone from us that you will have to give us more money to enjoy better internet, to get the apps to work, and so forth. Crooks! As for the cell phone cover I purchased, other than the length of time to receive it- it was new in box and worth price and would recommend buying cell phone covers, just not the phones...if the company however contacts me and makes this situation right I will update my review.

Hello,I am surprised to read the other reviews of this great product.Firstly, let me attest, this is a new Blackberry curve 8330 in mint working condition.Yes, when it came it did not have a lot of features etc on it, like apps, ability to set up multiple emails, etc. I had to just call Verizon to set it up, and they made me update the software on it, and everything was all set in seconds. It had ability to set up several emails, had a browser, camera, video recorder, media player, voice memo recorder, some basic games, blackberry messenger, memo pad, alarm clock, ability to set my own ring tone (which I cant do on my iPhone), etc.1) Myths from reviews:- Yes it is a CDMA phone, not a GSM phone. So to the spanish writer's comments, if you cant read english, then thats not the product's or the seller's problem. It clearly states in the description "Verizon Smart phone" and Verizon is CDMA>- It doesnt have a browser! LOL. yes it does have a browser! It's browser is Blackberry browser for smart phones, nothing like what you can expect in a Motorola Droid or an Apple iPhone, but it does have a working browser. I checked it, went to google, amazon and a host of other sites.2) What it doesnt have:- Facebook app-Youtube app-Fancy schmancy apps.-SD card slot-GSM card slot3) Who is it for:-For a person who wants a functional smart phone with robust email capabilities, good quality voice quality on phone calls.4) My personal take:For $35 you are getting one hell of a deal here. It is a Verizon Blackberry Curve 8330. If you want to see real reviews, look up the grey colored 8330 curve which has 4.5 stars in 50 reviews.The reviews here (till Nov 6th 2011) have been by 3 non-english speakers and one questionable source. Sadly all of them are bogus and ill-informed.You get a discounted price on this one because the color is pink. But apart from the color, it is one hell of a phone that I actually prefer over my iPhone 4 which I have from work.I have a tendency to lose phones, and this phone was meant for being a work horse, no worries phone that I wouldnt care too much if I lost. Dare I say, it meets / exceeds my expectations!All in all, dont worry, purchase with confidence.Thanks,Kaushik.

HAD A FEW MINOR PROBLEMS.  THE CONTROL BALL FELL OUT BUT THAT WAS A EASY FIX.  HAD SOME STICKING WITH THE KEYS.  OVERALL, IT DID WHAT I NEEDED IT TO DO. ARRIVED ON TIME.

it is not gsm it is cdma really disappointed oem wrong information please people dont purchase this phone if u want gsm makes no sense horrible

I think that being able to buy a brand new smart phone $40 was a great deal. The problem is that if it breaks or isn't working properly there is no where to get it fixed because it is out of production. The browser button my phone fell off after only two week so now I have to go through the headache of getting a whole new phone.

this phone is not suitable for middle east because our operators are not support CDMA phones especially in SMSaudi arabiano wifino GSMno bluetooth

The center button that you need to access 90% of the phone fell off withing the first two weeks.  It cannot be glued, so you have to put it back in, tape it so you do lose it and then pop it in when you need.  In addition, it did not come with any online apps, this phone on a Verizon contract will only call and text.  Not what was promised.  I feel mislead and it will definitely affect my choice to purchase this item or others on Amazon.

I thought I was getting a good quality blackberry for a great price. I was very disappointed when I saw the cheap thing in that box. Waste of my money !

ok i love this phone and all that comes with it when i say that i mean for some there are windows user and some iphone users some google user then there is bb i love just about all bb love them love the color on this one i love the way it is made i love the ball

I got the phone, and went to Verizon to set it up. They couldnt do anything with the phone because it was set up to only get texting and calls. It was set up for a business phone only. So it is sitting on my desk.

it was a good buy. but thay should tell you  need a plan to use it.other wise it was the best buy i have mad this year.so buyone today

I am 100% satisfied with the seller - DigiCellRepair - and with the phone!The phone arrived - battery, back cover, wallchager, and headset included.Call Quality - Excellent!Size, usablity, weight - Excellent!The micro-sd slot is under the battery.This phone is a powerhouse! It is my first smartphone and I can't wait to learn to use all the time-saving features it holds.The voice quality is excellent on the handheld, and very good on a bluetooth headset.  As with any phone, it takes time to learn how to use it - that is to be expected.This is a Verizon smartphone. For anyone looking at this phone - back-up your contacts from the phone you are replacing to Back-up Assistant PRIOR to activating this phone! Transferring contacts to this phone is very simple IF they are on Back-up Assistant when the new phone is activated. I spent hours trying to transfer from a Pantech Jest via Bluetooth, via the BlackBerry Desk Software, and via a micro-sd card! All to no avail. I had to reactivate my Jest, back-up the contacts, reactivate the BlackBerry, empty the Contacts. and then run Back-up Assistant to populate the BlackBerry Contacts. Use Back-up Assistant!I highly recommend this product!Thank you, Amazon, for providing a great price on a great product!

Very nice. Beautiful I like the color,and the style. Sad that I didnt get a chance to use it. So I don't know if it's really good or bad.

Very Nice!  For the price, you cannot go wrong with this device.  I am very pleased and would recommend it to anyone who ask.

This is buy far the worst phone that I have ever had. At first it started off okay, but then the phone would freeze alot. Also, if the battery died, it would take 15 minutes before i could use the phone again, even if it was on!!!! After about a month of having the phone, it started to break apart. Everytime I touched it something new would break. Now I can't even use the phone. Everytime I press a button it automatically types is "tgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtg." It does that without me even touching the phone. The battery life is horrible. I see why they call it "Crackberry."

Por el costo de este tel&eacute;fono estoy mas que satisfecho tiene lo que se necesita de un tel&eacute;fono, c&aacute;mara, memoria externa, conecci&oacute;n a internet realmente muy bueno y con la garant&iacute;a y respaldo de blackberry.

It hardly ever works. I can't always scroll. I can't always make calls. The battery doesn't hold a charge for more than two hours. The pink paint even comes off. The picture quality is really good, but the camera is REALLY slow! I just really HATE this phone. It really, really sucks. I only bought it to hold me over to the end of my contract (because my &#34;real&#34; Blackberry broke also). Don't buy this phone. Seriously.

I found some scrapes on the back cover when I took it from the bag. I don't think it's normal for a so called brand new phone as the seller told me. I hightly doubt it's a refurbished phone.

this kind of cell I like it 'cause for my it is complety in all funtions...this blackberry is very nice to take pictures and printout in any kind of photoplace...I had one before, and that why I got it againg...the shipping time was on time, and saveThanks amazon for evething

I wanted to say after reading the reviews I got really nervous. I have the phone now and it is wonderful. It is like having a miniature computer at my finger tips

I picked this up to replace a broken phone.  I only have a few months left on a two-year contract.  It was less than $50, and works.  What more do you need to know?

i just got this phone because i needed a phone ant it was the cheapest phone on here, it works for what i need it for!

I don't know why this product was even listed for sale, It has never worked from day one that it had arrived at my doorstep.Then I had sent for a return, I was denied that right, Not good on your part.

I had to give the phone to a friend to use for parts, as was unable to use it. It is sad that the seller did not think that it was important to state that the product does not have a sim slot. WHere i live there is no CDMA network so the phone was useless to me, and a waste of money. I am so sorry i bought it.

Didn't come whit the back , I had to buy it separly because they didn't have the parts or returned .

You get what you pay for. This came really quick and seemed fairly new. Upon opening, I was excited but quickly disappointed (sort of). The phone acts weird when it wants to, shuts off periodically, get java script error (even when I haven't touched it in hours). But this is what you get for a cheap phone. My original phone broke, this is replacement until my contract is up.It's true - phone does NOT come with browser or apps (despite one reviewer saying it DOES come with a browser and third party apps-WRONG!). What it DOES is come with the basics. Once you get it connected to your service provider (in this case, Verizon) it took about 30 minutes on phone with rep to get it set-up and they have to PUSH the apps out to your phone. If you bought it new, this you wouldn't have to do.So far phone is doing basics I need it to do, but it's annoying at times, if I don't use it for hours, then try to use it, it just shuts off. Can't complain, you get what you pay for!

Shortly after receiving this device the camera simply stopped working...I was contacted by the vender via text...who insisted they were a family owned company and wanted nothing more than to help resolve this issue.. I sent a picture of the error screen to the vender in hopes that they would either replace the device or walk me through trouble shooting this issue, its been a month now and I never heard back....if the information regarding the camera was disclosed I would not have made this purchase...

This is a very nice phone. It was delivered on time and it works perfect! The case is so cute and it have so much nice stuff! I love this phone :-) I'm very happy

This phone stopped working only after 10 days, it won't turn on and the seller only has 14 days return policy, I thought it is 30 days like most seller. So unfortunately I can't return the phone so I wasted my money and they are not able to further assist me with this matter. The phone is not good, stay away, don't waste your time and money!!!!

A very good purchase for h money, just didn't survive my grandson lol.  Had to purchase another one not long after.

I just bought this phone and it was a waste of money! it had no internet browser, i pay extra for a smartphone package. they waste your money with a phone that doesnt even work properly. and when you ask for return infromation they send it to you and expect you to get the phone to them within 2 days!!! they are the worst company to buy from!

i don't like thatdon't like thatdont't like thatdo notdo notdo notdo notdo not

Quite sturdy, the buttons are very small but the unit is pretty good. Wife still loves this telephone. one issue with the reception speaker after being dropped.

I love this phone the day i got it i fell in love i really think that you are getting a good deal with this i checked eBay and the prices are not as good as on amazon I really think that this i a good choose for a phone the only downside is the color but that i easily covered up with a case of your chose i chose neon green with skulls but thats me! I really recommended it and yes there are some down sides but you can look those up your self because I not really shore what they are something about a Sims card? i really recommended this phone i love it!!!!!!!!! oh and P.S. the kindles are great too and the android phones!

I bought this phone thinking it was a great deal.  I just wanted a phone for calls and texting.  Upon receiving this phone and setting up through Verizon, I was informed that I would need to spend an extra $20.00 a month for a Data Package.  I explained that I just wanted this phone for calling and texting and Verizon informed me that the seller should have clearly stated this on Amazon.

Phone was more out-dated than I expected but was in great shape. No scratches and everything works well. I would recomment this to anyone who prefers BlackBerry and doesn't need the latest and greatest model.

the 9 key doens't work sometimes but other than the phone is great. I have enjoyed using it and hope to continue

I liked the phone but did not need it (found my lost one) and returned it to the Seller. It was a great color and needed some basic programming but it was a good buy. If I needed it I would have kept it.

I have had 2 Blackberry Curves & 1 Blackberry Bold.  I LOVE THE QWERTY KEYBOARD!  The BBerry Bold I gave away because it was longer & thinner and, with a hand deformity, I could not really use it as well as the 8330. And, the 8300 fits so well in your pocket- unlike the larger smart phones which are so prevalent now.I do not understand why the 8330 series was replaced & is so hard to find.  They are small enough, chunky enough, for me to hold & type, take pictures, text, etc. with one hand while walking my dog.  The Touch Screen keyboards are absolutely awful and every blog I have looked at has people wishing they still had their Qwerty keyboard.  Why is it that a bunch of techno geeks, using multi-media, are able to influence the entire smart phone industry?Not everyone wants multiple apps, not everyone wants a cell phone that is large enough to be a netbook, not everyone wants a smartphone that takes 2 hands to use.The majority of people want a smartphone that they can use to talk, text, & receive eMails as well as take pictures.  Since I love to take pics on my hikes and nature walks, I purchased a 32 Gig micro disk which I haven't begun to fill up.The move toward larger, slimmer, touch phones is OK for those people, particularly young people, who have nothing better to do than stay on the phone, on Facebook, texting, trying out the lastest apps, etc.  For real people, aka adults, the practicality of the 8330 is unbeatable! And- contrary to some of the reviews- it most definitely does video!

Overall not happy.  Besides the fact that it's pink, it is not easy to use.  Bought this to get me through till my upgrade was available and it was the worst thing I could have done.  I would rather have NO phone or borrow one from my kids.

this blackberry curve worked for about a month.  Then it would not work.  We were told it is unfixable.  We would like our money back.

when one don't have anything nice to say...&#34;don't say anything&#34;.That's my take for this review. Sorry friends.Hope you understand if I wasn't cheerful writing this review.

this product dont have I needed, but thank you. I need the phone unlock that I colocated the sim card and this model I dont put the sim card, so I dont have a phone.

I have never owned a BlackBerry and I am extremely impressed with this phone. This phone is great! I just got it delivered today and I am in love with it. I love that it tells you when you have a text message by the flashing red light. The camera on this phone is amazing and it has zoom too! The pictures look like they are professional!

This refurbished phone worked like new. Exactly what I was expecting. No issues getting it set up and working. Thank you very much.

This phone is in my kitchen drawer said it will work with any carrier ! won't work unless you have some code, maybe !

i love this phone its just brillient and looks well girly,it runs realy sweet like all the apps facebook is brill on this phone but inter net can be a bit slow some times but it gets there in the end,over all im very happey whit it best buy yet

Sells at my local verizon for almost$300..love the rollerball mouse..and I have carpell tunell so the smaller size is good in my hands..no manual was provided so im still learning how to use it..verizon activated it no issues..internet works..good deal.5 stars if the manual came with it

The Blackberry is one of the older models.It took the Verizon Rep a very long time to get it upgraded.There were so many features that needed to be upgraded on the Blackberry, before it would work proprerly.I guess you get what you pay for.I purchased this Blackberry online from Amazon.Usually I get good products from Amazon, but this Blackberry was a real Fluke.

A little sad about this purchase because I can not give I want to use. I'm from Venezuela and these phones here can not be put online of any agency as they are CDMA. Will only be used as replacements for other phones. : (

i purhased this phone on dec. 1, 2013 and received it on dec. 6, 2013. upon opening the phone, the outside looked fine, however the inside looked very worn. i charged the phone for 24 hours before attempting to use it. it worked for about 3 hours the next day. it kept freezing up and no rebooting would unfreeze it. i had to remove the battery and then restart the phone. it would immediately freeze back up. i contacted the seller for a refund and amazon sent me a copy of the email. i have yet to hear from the seller or amazon on this refund.  i have never had a problem with amazon on any order i have placed with them. i am quite disappointed as i have recommended amazon to several friends and family based on this prior good faith relationship.  i guess i must join the ranks of those who say buyer beware on purchasing this phone.

the phone is great however it isn't staying on I need to get it checked out.  I am not too excited about having to get it fixed.

At first when i got the product i was very happy, came fast, with charger, and looked perfect. After trying to set it up its difficult to get used too. The phone is extremely slow. The internet is hard to hook up, and even when you do get it hooked up, most of the websites are too up to date for this phone. The apps are slow, you cannot have facebook as an app either. The phone doesn't send of revieve picture messages most of the time. You pay 30 a month to verizon for nothing. The sound it also terrible, Radio turns off easily when phone starts to die. Phone stays on but will not let you call or receive calls, or send or receive text messages. I had alot of problems with this phone and only used it for 2 weeks before getting a new one. I advise NOT TO BUY THIS PRODUCT.

This phone is cute and all but I was suprised to see that it came with no back cover? Who sells a phone without a back that is ridiculous

This is a really cute phone, but at the end of the day, it does NOT currently live up to the expectations I had.  First off, you can no longer get the same features on the Blackberry 8330, because [according to my service provider] Blackberry forces you to upgrade by limited the services that used to be available on the phone.  I was highly irritated that I can no longer access picture messaging & access the internet via my Blackberry.  I was disgusted by this, because this is the exact phone I had before I had to order another phone.  The rollerball is a huge problem; In hindsight, if we've graduated from roller-ball computer mouses (Mice?)- We should have never considered this option.  It's way too sensitive to collecting dust (just as a roller-ball computer mouse is).  My particular refurbished phone also has issues with lighting.  The backlight flickers from dim to bright randomly.  My previous water-damaged phone still had better lighting after I revived it myself.  If it were never for the rollerbal getting stuck & breaking- and had I known the disappointments I would have with this phone, i would've just bitten the bullet & upgraded to something else, which I eventually had to do.  If you're looking for a temporary phone to get you through, until you can purchase a more updated phone or for a younger kid (where you want restrictions on certain things like picture messaging or internet access), this may be your best option, but don't expect it to do anything by the bare minimum.

i love this phone. It is fast and works great. I reccomend this product.  Best decision i have made. :)

Works well, just an old school design. The phone itself works well, I have not had any problems with the functionality. However, its an old school design, and you can not save many photos, take any videos, or add any applications without buying a sim card for extra space. Not a bad purchase, as it has held me over so that I can use my upgrade to get a more updated phone.

Its not what I expected cant use internet on this phone when I'm paying for it.I'm gonna have to buy another one

I was very disappointed in the Blackberry that I ordered. It said in the description that it was a "no data, no service plan" phone. However, when I went to activate it, Verizon wanted to add a $30 data plan...they said that was the only way this phone could be activated. So, I sent the phone back for a refund.....which I received in record time. Thanks!

I find it hard to use and I have no idea how to transfer contacts. I like the color and size but I think I just want an Iphone.

Hi, The phone itself seemed to be working fine but the battery only charged to 10% and did not fully charge

No me sirve en Venezuela, no le funciona el gsm ni edge, es la versi&oacute;n mas vieja, por lo tanto no puedo activarlo.

Just not worth the price to have a phone that cost $45 a month + to use and have limited data options

This was a used phone with no camera! I was unable to send and receive email. A waste of my money.....

This phone is fantastic! I was decently hard on my phone (as in dropping it etc.) and never had trouble. It did what I needed without fail. And no lie...as hard as this is to believe...my now ex-husband threw this phone in a clean toilet where it sat in water for about 5 minutes. I got it out, took it apart, set it in rice for about 12 hrs..and WORKED PERFECT!Love this Blackberry!

I recieved my Blackberry 8330 curve smart phone in November right after Thanksgiving!! My sister ordered the phone for me!! As of today I am returning my Blackberry!! The screen just quit working and I can't unlock the keylock. I can't answer it when someone calls nor can I make calls. I tried everything to get the phone to work and nothing helps it so I am returning the phone!!! I love the Blackberry it did what I expected it to do but what I didn't expect is for it to just up and stop working for no reason at all!!

Bought this phone to give to my cousin, it stated the phone was unlocked and in good condition.When the phone arrived, it had a few more scratches than anticipated. It came with a car charger instead of a real charger.  Brought the phone with me to the islands, only to realized that it was not unlocked and  that the battery wasn't charging. Reported it when I got back and that I was going to send it back. They basically told me that they weren't responsible. Their service is horrible, I would  not recommend them to anyone.

yo compre un telefono  celular en OEM SHOP que estaba en la categoria de UNLOCK PHONES pero resulta que son del tipo CDMA de tecnologia que solo puedes usar con una sola compa&ntilde;ia o proveedor de servicios en estados unidos.yo vivo en venezuela y al momento de recibir el pedido ya han transcurrido demasiados dias para pedir un cambio o un reembolso.no me sirve y no lo puedo regresar.....lo tirare a la basura.

They Phone Came In GREAT Condition , I Had It For 6+ Months Now Its Deleting Things Off My Memory Card, When People Call It Shows Up Private And The Phone Wont Even Ring. I Googled And All And Nobody Understands Whats Wrong With It. The Battery Life Is Great Though.

I bought this phone for myself about 8 months ago and have been loving it ever since. When I first moved into my new apartment, I decided to get a new cell phone. I looked at phones and different cell phone companies. I was looking for a phone that was advanced, cute, pink, affordable,and NOT TOUCHSCREEN. I don't know why, but I have always hated touchscreen phones. In the end my choice was narrowed to the blackberry curve 8330 for verizon or the blackberry curve 8310 for ATT/Tmobile. I decided to go with the Blackberry 8330 for verizon because the phone itself was cheaper. I got it on ebay for like 45.00, where the phone for ATT/Tmobile was like 140.00. I am now glad I did too. With Verizon, you get unlimited internet access. My mom pays the same price I do for her cell phone but she has a limit to how much data she can use. Mine is unlimited for the exact same price. I love the color and style of the phone. It has a keyboard, which makes texting much easier than on a flip phone or a touchscreen. It is also very simple to find stuff on the phone. That is the main problem I have always had with touchscreen phones. They are too complex and confusing. It's hard to find anything, and to use the phone itself you have to go through a billion screens just to find the dial pad. With this phone, it has a number pad on the keyboard so you can dial the number and talk instead of looking for the lousy dialing pad screen. The internet works well and is pretty quick. I get service pretty much anywhere, even in the middle of nowhere. The camera is pretty good. The pictures come out clear and look good. The only complaint I would have would be trying to watch videos, like on youtube. It takes forever to load a video. It's not a big deal for me because I watch most videos on my labtop and mainly use my phone for going on facebook, checking e-mail, ect. I love this phone and am glad I went ahead and bought it.

I purhased this phone when my smart phone broke and fell in love with the little thing.  It can't be considered the top of the line phone but it really does do most anything I needed.  I love the Blackberry line.  I was since given an IPHONE but I can't talk myself into selling my little pink 8330.

This smartphone is an old version, but it works good. The price is very good. The problem is the colour, but i hace to change the cage.

I've always been a BackBerry fan & although I have another phone I wanted a 'pink' phone due to my favorite color being pink:)This phone isn't your newer BlackBerry Q10 nor have all the options, however, I got it because I can now have the best of two worlds with one being pink.........  Price is excellent, good quality & received promply........

I've read over a lot of reviews, and spent about three days trying to decide if I wanted to purchase this phone or not. Eventually, I did, and it's a pretty good little phone. I've noticed a lot of negative reviews are from those that ordered this that live outside of the country (CDMA doesn't work there), those that don't understand that this phone doesn't come with a slot for an SD card, or don't understand that this is a VERIZON phone and that the company doesn't use a "sim" card.Also, anytime you purchase anything from a seller on Amazon, you really need to check out the reviews for that business. My rule of thumb for electronics is that I rarely, if ever, buy anything used, and the seller that I choose has to have a 97%-100% positive rating. 95/96% is pushing it, but sometimes if there are no other options, such as with this item, I'll select one with these ratings. Also, never ever EVER buy a cell phone or other electronic device refurbished or used from these business on amazon; it's too much of a risk.I ordered this phone "new" from a company that had a 96% rating, with over 17,000 reviews. It sounds like some people have either bought used or refurbished phones, phones that aren't from a company with a 95-100 satisfaction rating, or a combination of both.I've had this phone for about a month now with no issues. I had a Droid Incredible that was knocked out of my hand, cracking the screen and causing it to "act up" some. Not wanting to risk being phoneless, I ordered this one to hold me off until my contract is up next year.  So far, it's a good phone. Takes a little getting used to, but it's good.1- it DOES have internet; once you activate it, it should update itself within an hour or two. Or at least mine did2- the fact that it's CDMA and a VERIZON phone is clearly stated in the description, shouldn't give something a bad rating for your mistake3. "New" may actually mean "New, but someone has usedit before very, very briefly". Someone who lived in South America (go figure!) must have ordered this one and returned it, as one contact and a "verizon welcome" was still in the inbox when I first turned it on. Either way, the phone looks VERY new with no scratches.4. If you're coming from 2010-2012 smart phones, this will take some getting used to. However, I swear you'll fall in love with the qwerty keyboard. I forgot how much I loved having it.5- the smallness of the phone will also take some getting used to.6- it's not the sellers responsibility to tell you that you need a data plan for this, it's Verizon's. If you are switching from a basic phone to this smartphone, you HAVE to have or add a data package. period. If you already have a smart phone, than you won't have to add anything; this phone is still allowed on smartphone plans.7- If you're a clutz like me, buy a case. They're cheap now because this phone has been out for so longBottom Line:This is a VERY good phone for how much it costs. Shell out the extra money to pay full price for it (45-50 dollars) versus the cheap way out and paying for a used or refurbished one. In my experience used/refurbished means "Will only work well for up to an hour or two weeks". I expect this to last me till next year as long as I don't do anything to physically to harm it, but I will update this if something does end up going awry with the phone that's not my fault. If it's a year from now and you're reading this, and I haven't  added a negative comment, than know that this phone still works. Because I'm QUICK to hop on Amazon and update a review if a product doesn't do what it's supposed to.cheers*update* 3-23-12It's not been two months since I've had the phone. It still works great, however, I want to caution those who want to buy it about getting different backgrounds for this device. In experimenting with the phone, Ive found that downloading different backgrounds causes this phone to slow down SIGNIFICANTLY. Therefore, I don't use them anymore.Another little thing I've noticed about this phone is that it's help to limit my previous excessive internet use. With my android, I was constantly on Facebook, surfing the web, and uploading pictures to various social networks. Now that it's a bit more tedious to search for things on the blackberry browser, I find myself paying more attention in my classes and completing my work on time. I have a laptop, but it's a bulky mac. Not gonna bring that to class everyday!So in conclusion, phone still works great, be leery of backgrounds.*update* 12-9-12I received an early upgrade and was able to purchase a new phone in november. But guess what? that blackberry  was/is STILL functional...and I dropped it a billion times over the past nine months.

Hi there anyone who can help. If I buy this phone will it work if I give it to a family member in the Dominican Republic to have and use there? I appreciate all advice.

it works but I payed for the two day shipping and it took four days to get here. also it said it was strictly a Verizon phone but when I went to activate it unfortunately it wasn't a Verizon it was u.s. cellular we had to have the phone completey reprogrammed I wasn't to happy with what I went through to get this phone here and to get it to work but since reprogramming it now works as a Verizon phone. if you are in a rush to get your phone and you don't want to take a chance of having to go through a bunch of stuff to get it to work I wouldn't recommend getting from here.

just wanted to say that its really rude what you said about the spanish comments, sounded really racist.. i was going to buy it but after reading how you treat pleope.. NEVERMIND!

Ordered new phone, got used and issues with phone. Seller contacted me right away after I wrote a bad review, he was very apologetic and offered a partial refund and offered to send replacement battery and new charger,that was 3 weeks ago, have not received my items yet. Would not recommend this site to buy a new phone, most likely you will get a used one and empty promises to remedy the bad service.

Had it for a month and seen that blackberry is not for me i need a quick fix till i got my upgrade.

Buenas noches, queria informarle que la descripci&oacute;n que esta en la pagina de amazon no se encuentra completa, por cuanto no especifica si el equipo puede usarse en todo los pa&iacute;ses, lo digo por cuanto me encuentro en venezuela, y seg&ugrave;n la plataforma que se utiliza aqui GSM no es compatible con la tecnologia que el equipo tiene que es GSMA, resulta que ahora no se como puedo activar una linea con el telf que adquiri ya que no son iguales. Por otro lado, seg&ugrave;n el seguimiento de entrega ustedes la realizaron el 06/12/2011 para ser enviado a venezuela a la fecha de hoy 11/12/2011 no he recibido informaci&oacute;n por parte de la compa&ntilde;ia LIBERTY EXPRESS confirmando la entrega mediante el n&ugrave;mero de guia que dicha empresa asigna.Ahora bien, que puedo hacer ahora si el telf no lo puedo utilizar aqui en mi pa&iacute;s por la plataforma que trae el telf, lamentablemente no todas las personas que compran a traves de internet son experto para este tipo de rubro. Se le agradece que especifiquen que paises pueden utilizarlo y que sea compatible, para que no se presente estos inconveniente que hoy en dia estoy sufriendo gracias a la falta de informaci&ograve;n Gracias-

Can someone tell me if i can open links etc on email on this phone. upgrading frm flip phone. lol! nd would like to do surveys etc w/email.

works amazingly freezes up occasionally but it works fantastically. Great phone for a great price and hasnt let me down yet.

So I bought the phone because my droid eris with verizon suddenly stopped working (not gunna lie i am a clutz & dropped it a million times but thats besides the point) so it was a bit of a downgrade...HOWEVER this little thing is mighty powerful.It does require a data package not a SIM card CDMS w/e...I've had it for about a week and have already dropped it twice and it worrks might fine :) Deffinitely worth buying it came brand new in the box with just a charger no scratches or anything. I will post a review later on with regards to how it is doing. ALSO it DOES HAVE A WEB BROWSER the thing is you need to go to the blackberry market and install it. I have a browser and a bing application. You can download games and such the only thing that is somewhat of a bummer is that i don't get emotion-cons. If anyone knows how to get them please let me know.I did do some shopping around and was very skeptical about buying a phone off amazon...i went to ebay, and other reputable sites but amazon deffinitely offers a great price and fast shipping. I mostly use it to text and i love the QWERTY keyboard because i am a fast typer. works great, no complaints to date!

if anyone wants to buy cheap and try this phone for international use.... it will not work. I thought it would be great for a starter phone,this phone was label unlocked which should work internationally, but it does not work for the caribbean.

I thought it had place to put a sim card now i can't use it am sure you know everythingyes!!!!! i took it to Jamaica.

this phone works very well it was the first blackberry i ever owned and it worked great it took me some time getting use to it seems i was use to touchscreens..

this phone does not use a sim card and does not work in my country and i do not know what to do now

Still learning  the power behind sucha small gadget. I would by another. BlackBerry. Product for sure!I reallyblike it though!

A "3G Smartphone" comes with a mobile OS that runs third party applications. This phone is BES-only (BB Enterprise) - WITHOUT native web browser, maps and access to Bb's App Store. This phone cannot run third party applications (like Point, Facebook, Google maps, Twitter, etc.) I twice tried to reset to factory settings to restore native capabilities - once through phone and once through Desktop Manager. Phone can't send/receive BIS email. BIS is necessary for push email, otherwise the only email access is through a mobile browser. VZN so far cannot activiate BIS even though the phone is technically "capable." My work email comes through BIS, not BES as more companies switch to cloud computing. Lucky other reviewer who got VZN to figure out how to push service books.As a cheap replacement phone to last until the end of contract it's ok. But if I only needed a phone/PDA, it would probably be cheaper to buy dumb phone. I pushed Opera Mini through the Desktop Manager to the phone. Pleasantly surprised by capabilities of Opera Mini - it may be faster than native BB OS on Tour 9630, but still no email support.BlackBerry Curve 8330 Cell Phone 3G Smartphone Verizon (PINK)CDMA

The only trouble I had with this phone is it had some hidden things you had to have with the phone plan in order to use it. So it effectively made the phone plan more expensive but the phone is good. The phone was also bought for my girlfriend and I might consider getting one myself.
