
I received it OK but when I put my # to it , the speaker is very poor (no volume) and after charging it till it was green it went dead after one day.  Even my old one lasted longer than that.

I bought it in 2008 and it still works perfectly, I haven't even had to buy a new battery.This is "NOT A KNOCK OFF", like the other review says, this is just the older Verizon version.I have dropped it numerous times and it is still alive and working like the first day I got it.In fact I even (accidentally) drove over it on pavement with a Kubota RTV and its still like new.I absolutely love this phone and it's toughness.

This product is super in strength and durability -but has one MAJOR Drawback -it does not support Verizon back Up assistance program --which means you have to go to a store to copy your contacts from another phone --also not able to update them -- other than that it's super

i got this phone figuring that it would work on prepaid and it does not WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY

After using one for seven years and not having any need for a smart phone, I purchased a new one. First one worked great. Did what I needed.

I bought this for my son after his last feature phone, which he had for 4 years, finally died. This in spite of his active lifestyle. From the beginning, we noticed the call quality on the G'zOne Boulder was poorer than his old phone and the battery life shorter. Still, it was bearable overall and would have rated a 3/5 stars, appreciating the reputation for durability of the G'zone product line. But after 6 months, while unplugging the phone from the wall charger, the USB connection attached to the circuit board broke off, staying attached to the charger cable. This simply should not happen unless the solder connections were faulty. We decided to pay for the shipping to return the phone to Casio for service. But several weeks later we received a postal letter stating this was not a manufacturer fault but abuse of the phone. We would need to pay $89 for repair. I was out of town for a week so couldn't manage to call them during their limited hours. Today we received the phone in the mail because of a lack of response, only one week after receiving the letter in the mail. While we weren't planning to pay the $89 for a phone we purchased for $79, we had planned to appeal the case to Casio upon my return. Instead, I took the time to write this review.

I do not know how the complaints come about, but I have my "Orange"Boulder for four years and have not have had any problems. Great reception,which is what a phone is all about, If you want to do photography buy a camera! Beleive it or not, I put mine through the wash and it still worked!

I bought this phone new from Monster Utopia and It works pretty good, for the price you cant beat it, and not letting Verizon get their hooks in you again is priceless.  It is true you cant hold it right up to your face or the mic doesn't pick up very well. also the charging port is kinda cheap, but with a little patience and care it will last.  Not much for features, but if you want a basic phone this is the one to get.  Mine did come with a camera. i don't know if its different from seller to seller.The battery is kinda short lived, but you can buy an extended battery for a couple bucks here. So all in all I would recommend it. I ordered it on a Saturday and had it by Tuesday.

Before purchasing phone, I read the reviews to make sure it was a good phone.  There were more than enough encouraging reviews that persuaded me to buy it.  This phone was for my mom and she wanted a simple easy to use phone.  Within the first day, she noticed that the battery life was horrible. She can't have a full conversation without having to charge it immediately after.  She's had it for about a month only and is ready to buy a new one unless we can work something out with seller.  I don't know what it is about the phone that drains the battery.  It's unfortunate that it is the battery but I can't help imagine the phone has something to do with the battery running out so soon.  I bet getting a new battery for it will cost more than the phone or close to it.

Came as expected, with camera. Camera no longer works though, however it is durable and waterproof as explained online. Satisfied.

requesting refund as product has defective battery, i would like a working phone or a refund.  took phone into verizon corp store where i was informed that the item had a battery that would not hold a charge.

great good phone for the price water profit that good for working on the river thank u very much ok

I am very happy with it, it does the job I need.  Good value for the cost, I recommend this phone.

I purchased the phone for my husband. He has not even had it a week and has been charging it numerous times without even using it. Had to purchase the extended life battery in order to keep in charged. Now the charging port on the phone has come apart due to a poor soldering job. Speakers sound blown. Don't waste your money on this phone.

Great phone and came early very happy with it. Had this type of phone for a long time works for me

the only problem I had is that my charger had gotten ruined and they do not make this charger anymore so had to purchase a new phone....

at first i thought we bought a great phone . It shipped and recieved promptly, well the phone is falling apart. Phone has not been dropped and the circle part on front fell off, the black pieces are comming off, almost as if someone used elmers glue to hold it together for a little while. TOTAL WASTE OF MY MONEY

I ordered the casio telephone in June as a birthday gift for my grandson. He loves the phone, but according to the description it was supposed to have a camera with it???  He was a littledisappointed that it did not.

I received this phone in good condition when I was supposed to receive it. However the software is not updated for the media center and can not access back up assist to back up the phone. I should have just bought the phone through Verizon Wireless and skipped all this aggravation. Of course they can sell a phone cheaper when the phone is inferior.

Overall, this is a great phone for those that want just a phone with a few, minor bonus features.  This originally caught my attention from the reviewers that talk about its durability like the cyclist that clattered it down the road at 15mph or the guy who lost his in the snow bank for a week.  I cannot attest to those extremes and will not throw it across the room &#34;just because I can&#34;.  It is obviously more rugged than the typical smart phone though because it does not have a huge, glass screen and at $75 it is also easily replaceable.I've been using this for about a month and really like it.  It looks really cool and disappears into the pocket of my cargo pants where it is entirely safe with no screen protector or case.  The analog clock on the face is also cool and a press of a button turns it into a digital compass.  Making actual phone calls is just like using a normal phone, but it also has the modern feature where I push one button and say &#34;call Robin, Mobile 1&#34; and it will call the first mobile phone number for the person of that name in my contact list.  This also has a simple camera that can be used to send picture messages as video or still.  My wife wanted a recon of Home Depot's available flowers and that was neatly done in a 30 second video message.  The camera is rather low resolution, but that just means that my data plan can be super cheap.  This produced a useable video on her fancy smartphone.The phone is indeed compatible with Page Plus Cellular, but it took some playing around to get through the activation.  I tried for a few hours and then called their support.  I was given a laundry list of things to try and then was told that the phone was simply not compatible.  Then I went through the phone's menu and downloaded a software update and it magically started working.  For less than $12 per month, I have an emergency phone that I can talk on and send basic text and picture messages.  I have a desk phone at my office where I spend my days and a wall phone at home where I spend my nights.  The cell phone is primarily for emergencies such as when I'm on long bike rides or wanting to call ahead to someone that I'm meeting somewhere nonspecific like &#34;at a restaurant, are you there yet&#34; or a mall.  Sound quality seems fine to me.  I've called my desk phone and left messages to myself and they were clearly understandable.  Under my light usage, the stock battery lasts all week.  I bought the extended duration battery as a backup, but that makes the phone fat and is not necessary for me so I put the original battery back in.On the negative, the stories about the charging port being fragile are very true as I discovered in the first few days.  To charge the phone, you have to pick open the plastic cap at the bottom of the phone which is held by two, fragile strands of plastic.  The charging plug fits into the charging receptacle, but it is tiny and cumbersome.  In another review, I mentioned buying a car charger.  That danged thing fit the charge receptacle so tightly that even with gentle pressure to unplug it I managed to rip the charging receptacle out of the phone.  The company I bought the phone from was willing to replace the phone under warranty, but I actually kept it.  For around $15 I bought the cradle charger that others recommended.  This is WAY nicer than the charging port because I just set the phone in the cradle and it charges via the external battery contacts.  The phone screen lights up, says &#34;Charging&#34;, and all of the other things that happen during a normal charge.  I haven't opened that cumbersome cap since then.  I hear that the port is also for the proprietary headphone, but I cannot imagine anyone wanting that.  The old bluetooth headset from my previous flip phone works fine.If you do a lot of texting, you will hate having to use the telephone keypad since this is a very retro way to peck out a message.  If you want to post to Facebook or other things that the kids are into, you will also find this lacking.  I just don't want to pay $300 for a fragile smart phone that wants $50 per month in fees for such frivolity.  My desktop computers are substantially more powerful and have full sized screens and keyboards that are better for that.

could not get Verizon to activate it to my plan tried several times to get them to activate it to no avail

All I needed was a phone to make/receive call and text and this is perfect. I love the rugged features (ran it over with a car, my horse stepped on it, and dropped it in a sink full of water all on accident) and it still works perfectly. Some of the paint is starting to chip off but considering the harsh conditions I use it in and what I put the phone through I'm very impressed.

My Mom has used this model phone for years and the charging port finally gave up on hers leaving her with no way to recharge it and get her numbers, pictures, etc. I got this as a replacement along with an extra battery and charger and she was able to use the battery to transfer her data to a phone she's already familiar with.

Title pretty much says it all. This phone is primative. I wanted a basic phone but not this basic.Don't buy this unless you want to have a really really basic phone.Update. I've had this phone a while now and will sell it if I can. It is not a good phone. Pretty much junk.

I have only had my Casio G'zOne Boulder, which I bought on Amazon.com, for a little over a month. My charger jack is already broken. I have taken it to two different verizon stores and they are NO help.

The phone is rugged and durable. The battery SUCKS. I could charge it all night every night and it would still die during the day.

Owned this phone for about 1 1/2 years now.  It a tough phone the only phone that ever lasted me over 1 year

Charger tab already broke off......

The phone was not new. VW said it was used by 3 other people in the past. When we upgraded the software, backup assistant found someones old numbers and erased ALL 300+ of my husband's contacts. We are now returning the phone. Very frustrated. Also very sad to see that it also did not have a camera. I believe this was made using parts of old Boulders to sell it as a new one... not the REAL Casio Boulder phone. I would not recommend buying this phone.

Had a different Boulder and it didn't work well. So got this one and everything works well. I am very happy with the purchase. Happy with the phone.

Bummer of the year. I was beyond stoked when this thing came in the mail. Opened it up and went straight to testing it out: trial by water. I had seen all the videos and adverts, and made sure all ports and locks were secure... by the time I pulled it out of a GLASS OF WATER, water filled up underneath the screen and phone shorted right out. Casio G'zOne boulder? Ruined my day. Maybe just a bad individual, but I've seen other reviews. Definitely going to try again with a different model but the boulder gets a giant "boo."BTW If anyone DOES know a real rugged phone [must be water and drop proof] please let me know! Thanks, and I hope this review helps.

After getting it activated It shut off and have to take battery out to restart. I'm returning it. We had  an older one and this was replacing it but we went back to the old one, not sure what we are going to do next.

When I ordered the phone, it said it was new. I expected to see the owners manual book inside the box, but it was not there. The volume on the phone is not loud enough, so when it rings from distance, it can't be heard. The part where it charges it's not sturdy enough, you have to be careful not to pull it too hard or it will break.

I received a phone that was still activated under someone's account and even after email attempts to get answers to why this happened I still have a useless phone that cannot be activated on my account. A waste of money and time.

It has some glitches. Saves txts as they come in, by itself. And a few other things. Its just ok, nothing major bad. His last one lasted almost 4yrs so I cant complain a whole bunch.  Fast shipping!

The phone started falling apart after a few months!!  I bought it for my son in Montana & am disappointed in the product.  :(

Why can't I give this thing no stars, it certainly doesn't deserve any! It's a piece of crap, only thing rugged about the thing is it's name BOULDER, what a joke!

Garbage phone please buy anything else. last charger i found wast in the clearence bin at dollar general. the phone answers and ends calls on its own. holds a charge for about a day. charging port broke and it only charges if you dont touch it or look at it. s***ty camera. just an all around POS. this is the first reveiw i ever wrote im pissed gave 80$ for headache. this does not take the usb charger. there are no chargers for this but the one that comes in the box and it will be broke after a weeks

Summary: I am currently using this product. Purchased from Just Cellular. Received the phone in box. Seems new and looks OK (bought 2 of them). Bottom port on both phones work and charge. Activated my phone by calling Verizon (called *611 from my g/f phone and activated my new phone on my existing contract. did not require renewal of contract of change of current plan). Put the extended battery on (nice tight fit) and its now charging. My only problem is how to get my contacts from my old phone to my new phone because the bottom port does not work on my old phone (not an issue Just Cellular can fix or is responsible for)Personal Experience:-I bike 1.5mi from home to school in Corvallis. My old phone (same model) has dropped out of my pocket while doing ~15mph from 3+ feet, landing on asphalt, at least 3 times and was ran over by a car. It has been rained on, dropped in a bowl of spaghetti then washed off under the sink with soap and warm water, and while in my pocket been sat on and slammed into walls and corners with little effect to it working. Each of the drops scratched it up but the most damage done was when it was ran over by the car; a chip of plastic popped off right below the hinge on the outside panel (just above where  my phone says Verizon) and the battery was not held in as tight as it once was.-Battery life is approx 7 days if used for one ten min call and 10txt's a day (i have the extended battery).-call quality is poor. I'm not looking for high def sound or a media player in my phone so it does just fine for me. make a call, communicate, then hang up.-the only other feature I use is the alarm. the ringer is louder than any other phone I've used and the vibration function is ridiculously powerful, like if its on vibrate only and goes off I can hear it from 20ft away.Issues:-there were times when my old phone would not complete a phone call. I would call my g/f and then it was say calling but i got no ring and my g/f said she never got the call. I would just cancel the call and try again and it worked the 2nd time every time.- when i received my old phone from my g/f, the bottom port was not working. however, i have the phone dock to charge it with. the battery lasts long enough that i have never had need of a car charger- non issue for me.-It has been about 3 weeks since the last incident, ran over by a car while it was open, that would have destroyed a normal phone (probably including the Gz'One Commando). my phone now randomly turns off. It has happened about 5 or 6 times since then. I believe it is because of the battery not being held in position. i have since modified the way i hold the back of the phone and have had no issues for the last 5 days.-The phone is picky about how it is set in the dock to charge. this is the main reason i am getting a new (the same) phone. because the bottom has been nicked and banged up so much, plus the plastic stopper that plugs the bottom is jammed, it will not play nice with the dock. I have to get it just right for it to sit and charge.Other thoughts:-This phone does not require a data plan. Major plus in my opinion (that saves me ~20 bucks a mo)-This phone is the perfect mate for me. I am hard on things and this phone can take a beating. I expect the phone i ordered to take the same beating and last as long or longer than the one it is replacing (i think this one is 4-5yrs old)

I don't know if this phone is made by Casio or not. If so, it must be a remade version. It comes in a Casio box but it is not the same as the original. The plastic is softer and it feels much more flimsy. I have the original Boulder and my friend got this one. His new phone's paint started flecking after the first week, the front screen broke after two weeks and after a month he bought another phone. I've had my original Boulder for over three years and it still works great, but it's important to recognize the difference between this version and the original. The way to tell the difference is to look at the front of the phone. The original has a raised speaker that says "Casio" on it but the weaker version does not have the raised speaker and it says "Verizon." This phone may work fine, but I would not buy one myself. Wish I could get the original Boulder, still, as it seems to get better reviews than the Ravine. Check to see if they have the black and gray Boulder as some of the ones I've seen on here still have the raised speaker. If you find a Boulder with the raised speaker, buy it! Ruggedized phones seem to be getting weaker rather than stronger, which is no mystery since that ends up being more lucrative for phone manufacturers and retailers. As smart phones become more prevalent, genuinely tough phones will probably become harder to come by. This, in my opinion, is a great example. It may work fine for you but my friend's experience was not a good one.

Bought this for my husband 6 months ago because of the reviews that it was durable. The company never offered us an extended warranty. Now it just died, we've tried everything to revive it. Just Cellular tells me we only had a 90 warranty, if I had known that I would've wanted to purchase a longer warranty! What a waste of $80!! Don't recommend the phone or the company Just Cellular!!

This phone is beautiful and rugged. You can drop it on concrete, like I did, and still work. Not as indestructible like a Nokia phone but damn sexier.Also, if you're on a prepaid or no-contract account with Verizon do not buy this phone. Verizon will not allow you to use this phone. Said you have to be on a contract for 6 months and then you'll be able to covert your account back to a month-to-month payment basis.

It is hard to find a rugged phone that is reasonably priced. There is a little regret on the color choice. It is orange. The upside it is easier to find if you drop it.

It was a good phone with good voice quality, but it has a bad charging and battery life. It quit taking a charge and I only had it a little over one month. I decided after I contacted the seller (Just Cellular, who were very good about return policy) that I would get a refund for this phone. You can't get apps for this phone. The battery, you might get three or four days even if it is sitting idle. Overall I would it (0-10) a 5 for charging and an 8 for quality.

Even though this phone is just a flip phone, it required a data package of $10 per month. This should be advertised with it. Shipping was within bounds, but on outter most date.

This will make my second Casio Boulder I have bought off of this site and they are terrible. I decided to buy the phone because they are water resistant and supposedly durable. The first one I bought the microphone went out on it within one month and all it would do is text. I thought that I may have gotten a dud so I made the mistake of buying another one. The second I bought worked fine for about 3 weeks and then it wouldn't charge. I have been using the previous Boulder to charge batteries, which worked, but was just a minor inconvenience until it wouldn't charge. After two of these I'm out about $160 and much more in frustration. Don't waste your time with this P.O.S!

This phone is just as described in the sellers description. Very reliable equipment and no camera but not a necesity anyways.

love the phone 2nd one but it never charged right. my first gzone would last 3 days on one charge. this one brand new would be dead by 4 pm. now 6 months later it does not work at all unless plugged into the car. the second you unplug it it dies. so i bought a new extended life battery. its still doin it o i guess now i gotta but a new phone and the window for return was closed in may :( can i just get a phone that works!!!!

I am happy with this phone.  At 1st I had a little problem.. but I contacted the company and they took care of it and even gave me a partial refund.  I really appreciate how they backed up their product.  The phone is loud enough and holds it charge. It was packaged very nicely and everything is working fine.  I want to thank the company and Amazon for this great service.

If you want a normal phone and don't need all the extra's ..this is the one to get!You can take it running and not worry about it falling..very light weight!

It worked very well for about 4 days then totally died on me. i tried different batteries and everything, it just wouldnt come on.

After receiving this phone within a month the phone lost call history.It started acting up with the battery my husband would have to take battery off & turn back on due to it randomly shutting down.The company was contaected but said it was past the 90 days.We hadn&#34;t even received the phone & they counted the time from when we ordered the phone as our 90 days.

Had this phone for only a few months.  It cuts out so it sounds like you don't have service.  Save your money!

Had a later version that we loved.  Tried this one and not impressed.  Was immediately defective.  Would not charge and charge broke pins off inside.  In fairness to supplier they offered to replace without any argument, but they also said they have trouble with this model.

VERY NICE PHONE. LOVE THE COLOR EASY TO FIND AND IT RINGS EXTREMELY LOUD.IS SHOCK RESISTANT TOO. DONT FEEL BAD WHEN I DROP IT!

Arrived promptly in great condition, no problems, speaker phone is not very loud but other than that it's a nice little phone.

the cell phone was received as advertised and I am very happy with the cell phone and its works very well

The phone works great and the best thing about it is the ruggedized design and it's also waterproof which is awesomce!!

THE PHONE IS GREAT THE BATTERY NOT SO BUT HAVE HAD SAME PHONE WITH GREAT BATTERY i WOULD BUY IT AGAIN

MUST I HAVE TO GO THROUGH THIS AGAIN? YOUR SERVICE SUCKS AND HAS A BUNCH OF FRAUDULENT AND LYING DEALERS. I WAS SUPPOSED TO BE MAILED A SAMSUNG  BATTERY ON SEPTEMBER 12. TODAY IS SEPTEMBER 30 AND I HAVE RECEIVED NOTHING. WHEN I CALL I AM ON HOLD FOR HOURS. IS THIS HOW TO RUN A BUSSINES? YOU DONT DESERVE A STAR AT ALL. FRAUD!!!!!

The product is ok. Battery is not long lasting at all. You can't add ringtones to the phone and there is no tip calculator in the tools section. Reception is okay, occasionally will drop calls.

the only problem with the Casio Gz'One Orange Bolder that I have is the micro SD card slot is very tempermental. what I mean by that is that it works when it wants to thats the only problem other than  that it's a awesome phone

Great phone

Phone doesn't hold a charge. Used it for 2 days. Waste of money...

my husband had one of these phones before and it was great but this one doesn't hold a charge and drops calls a lot the reception is poor I think  its a bad phone.

This phone is possessed. Works sometimes, other times doesn't I would not recommend this to anyone. I had two just like it before and the charging portals stopped charging. The only good quality is that it is rugged.

it says it's waterproof but when my husband accidentally dropped it in the toilet it stopped working. we thought it was a good phone since he is a firefighter

it broke easily,did not like back may have been because of the extended battery and tom hard to get off,didn't like not having the option of message by contact

this phone is terrible.the screen was too small and the fonts unreadable.the buttons on the side are misplaced and quite often whileon a call i would hit the speaker button and everyone couldthen hear my call.

My husband has a difficult time finding a phone that he likes. When he finally found the Boulder Phone, he liked it's durability. The only aspect of the phone that he does not like is the port for the charging. When he inadvertently drove over his Boulder Phone, we found another on Amazon to replace it.

Phone didnt work very long. I dont think I will buy a used cell phone again.  Very Very Very diaspointed.

The plug on this unit is the hardest plug to connect of any cell phone I have ever had.  The phone also has a very short-range antenna.  I totally prefer a flip-phone, but these issues made me scrap this one.

I love this phone and you can't get them anywhere, cool to be able to replace the one I have

This is the second boulder I've owned, and this does not live up to the previous one from Verizon.While this phone is rugged, the battery lasts for less than a day. I will try a new battery but it would have been nice if the one included had a little life.Also, there is a lot of lag. I wait a long time when selecting menu items or composing messages.Finally the speakerphone is barely audible unless you are in a silent room.All-in-all, I'm disappointed with this phone. It does not even come close to its predecessor.

I am so glad you are offering this phone. I purchased this for my husband a couple of years ago.Unfortunately one day came home and the charging receiver came out completely not allowing a chargeHowever still working tried another replacement ended up sending back. So happy to get orange phone backSimple but does job.  Shipping was quick and efficient.

I ordered this item new. I used it for three months and suddenly the phone could not receive a phone call or dropped calls constantly.  Both Verizon and the seller claimed it had nothing to do with them.  Seller would not replace the item.  A terrible purchase.

Very Happy with whole experience!

If you are an outdoors person and just need a tough little phone that has a long battery life and no data plan then this is the phone for you. I purchased this phone to replace my Blackberry that was crushed by the wheels of a transit bus when it fell out of my pocket. I will never turn down phone insurance again.This should be a pay-as-you-go phone because it is a basic phone with a few outdoor tech tools like a compass and does not have the gadgets found in a smart phone.It arrived the day before my vacation and I definitely needed a phone. What I did not know was that this phone did not use a data plan and, when activated, voided my unlimited data plan. Well, I used it anyway because it does have Bluetooth and I needed to stay in contact with the rest of the family. While on vacation at the beach it fell out of the car twice, in the sand once and a swim in the ocean. I couldn't believe it, no cracked screens and no liquid or other damage from dropping this pocket-sized phone. It just kept working!I am keeping this phone in the event I need a phone for camping, hiking and roughing it in the wilderness. Just don't use it as your primary phone if you are hooked on data usage plans.

Not what I had expected.  The phone was a bit smaller, and the volume settings (on high) couldn't be set loud enough to hear the phone ring when it was in its case on your belt.  All in all a good phone.

the phone was a dud.  does not work and cannot be connected to Verizon.  One big disappointment.  Not quite sure we would ever buy a phone on line again.

I've had this phone for over five years. After about two years I thought I'm going to get a smart phone so I can use apps, phone was still fine just wanted a smart phone. I tried a smart aka (un-smart) phone about two weeks then took it back, told them to reactivate this phone and have been using it ever since, It's durable. Never any issues I like that it has the built in flash as well for camping its great or if pwr goes out at home to find the matches and candles lol never know when emergency might come up. I've dropped it and its been rained on. About a year ago the battery starting not holding a charge but found the dbl heavy duty replacement battery for it here on Amazon, and also a car charger which I never had before. I use this every day as my wake up alarm as well, it has 3 different alarms times you can set on it. I take great pictures and videos with it as well. I've never used the website on it as my plan doesn't have data usage that isnt crazy expensive, so cant say how good that is. But if your looking for a durable long lasting phone I would so get this one. My nephew bought one the same time I did and he is in construction so this works great for him getting dropped and banged around on the construction sites.

when hurried to answer phone it is difficult to tell where to pull from as both ends of phone are similar.  when trying to connect charge cable to phone, frustration prevails as phone connection is very difficult due to poor design of connector

the phone works great, but it came with a bad battery that didnt last long so we had to purchase an additional one

This item came from Just Cellular.  They claim the phones are new, but I don't believe they are.  The first phone came and would not charge at all.  I called them and they assured me they would send a "new" phone that they would make sure worked before even sending.  Well somehow it arrived almost fully charged and seemed to work.  However, when I tried to charge it fully I discovered that this phone did not charge either!  They were very helpful with returning the first phone, but when I called about the second one they didn't even try to convince me to get another one.  They just agreed to let me return it.  I think the reason was they don't have any that actually work!  Don't waste your time!

the second one we have purchased, both worked fine for couple months, then had terrible trouble with battery in first, and now speaker in second, is going out. Would be different if it was abused, but is not!

This phone had a problem with Volume..It would only go as loud as a medium whisper.  It was returned to seller  almost 3  weeks ago, but my money has not been refunded.  You could not hear people talking to you..  I would like my money back now!

I HAVE THE SHARED DATA PLAN WITH VERIZON AND WAS EXCITED THAT I COULD FINALLY GET ONTO THE INTERNET WITH THIS PHONE. UNFORTUNATELY, IT DOESN'T WORK. WHEN I TRIED TO BROWSE AND DOWNLOAD TO GET THE CONTACTS AND GAMES OFF OF MY OLD PHONE, ALL I GOT WAS A MESSAGE FROM THE MEDIA CENTER SAYING THAT THAT "UNABLE TO RETRIEVE CATALOG. PLEASE TRY AGAIN LATER." THE PROBLEM IS WITH THE PHONE NOT WITH THE VERIZON PACKAGE.

Hahaha...  My husband bought this phone new.  He had to drill the camera out for the shipyard.  It still worked after that.  He ended up dropping it in the toilet a couple of times.  It withstood that!  He even washed it with soap and water after dropping it both times.  LOL.The death of this phone was caused by steel shot (used by sand blasters at the shipyard).  The speaker went out, so that all he could use was the speakerphone until it finally crapped out completely.If you work in a heavy industrial area, I would not recommend this phone.  If you work near the water though, go for it!  It loves swimming.  Lmao.

I purchased in the last year two ORANGE Casio cells. Both worked well in all operations except the camera mode. Both did well for a short time, then blanked out.Since charities are in need, if you have one donate one. I want ORANGE because TENNESSEE is my school and that of my father. I have four non-orange Casio Boulder phones beside these in use by my large family. Some are banged up and ugly, but all still do photos and other needs quite well.

I bought this for my husband for Father's Day & he loves it. He works in a warehouse all day so I wanted something rugged for him. He also likes the fact that it is a flip phone & small enough to fit in his pocket & you don't need the data plan to go with it! I'm glad I got it for him & he is too! :)

I work at a factory so this phone was a good choice considering if I dropped it, it would land on concrete. Only the first time I dropped it the internal screen cracked and the phone what closed... It also would not recognize that it had an SD card in it.

This phone is one of the best phone's i have owned. im clutzy, im forgetfull, and not very good with phones. i drop them in water, off balcony's, leave them in snow banks, you name it. but this phone is sweet, it has definatly withstood everything!still works like new, the only thing iv had to replace is a new charger. love the flashlight on the front! and the color :) basic phone, stylish, and VERY durable.

phone works great.  holds a charge and no mystery dialing.  love the color.  I use the phone for basic texting and phoning and have had no problems.

I miss this phone. Soooooooo much. I am disappointed in every phone since, and feel like nothing can compare. I used this phone from 2008-2010, and it would have lasted much longer if...well, anyhow, I got it because it reminded me of a Digi-Vice. Yeah, like form Digimon. And I needed something rugged because I was a lifeguard and had a very active social life, too- never knew what was next. This phone was just too cool- great sound, take pics underwater, AMAZING battery life. The phone, luckily stayed on for 3 days at one point with many many calls to it. It was lucky because that is the only way I found it, was a last ditch effort at calling, in the middle of the night, out in the driveway. Only to see a multi-color lightshow coming from under the rear passenger-side tire of my mother's pickup truck...........My mom's truck had been parked on top of this phone for 3 days at that point and it still worked. Unfortunately, I had to retire it because although everything worked, the display was cracked and something that looked like ink had spilled all over the inside display.I loved this phone. &lt;/3

Everything I wanted!Just Great!Phone works wonderfull,and I've never had a phone that the battery lasted so long! Awesome,Amazing cell phone!

I ordered this phone and had to send it out-of-state to my son for whom I had ordered it.  It was great until it needed charged and then it wouldn't take the charge.  He took it to a Verizon store, but it just would not charge.  I contacted the company and they are replacing it!!

The phone I got broke right at the 30 day mark. It wouldn't even function properly!! For 70 dollars it wasn't worth the time or effort!!

This phone is great for mothers who allow their cell phones to swim.  It's waterproof!  Wouldn't you know, the day after I give this to mom guess what......yep......she tried to baptize it in her lunch cooler that had lots of melted ice!  So, yes, I know it really is waterproof as advertised.  So, if you have the same problem then this phone could be for you.  They also have the smartphone version if this one is too dumb for you.  Mom?  She prefers them simple and she absolutely loves this phone.  Kudos to me!

after 3 weeks, went to Verizon and bought a different one.  would not hold a connection, screen cracked (never dropped), audio distorted

battery wont stay charged cant hear people when they speak,i feel like it was a waste of money had to order another phone

Love the Casio military spec phones.  Better price than getting it through Verizon.  Got the phone in two days and had it in service in 15 minutes.

The product arrived on time. After 2 days the battery would not hold a charge for more than 15 minutes. After contacting the company by email, with an immediate response at 8:15pm Eastern time, a new battery arrived in 2 days. No hassle and polite customer service. I will definitely use this company again!!

I purchased this phone for my son who is only 11 and can have a tendency to be rough on things and I have had absolutely no problems with the phone.  When we first received it I was expecting there to be a camara on it and for whatever reason it didnt but after I called Amazon they told me that alot of times this particular phone (depending on the series) wont have a camara and its in the fine print so you have to look extremely hard to see if it does or doesn't. So just letting u know ahead of time to make sure u look if u want a camera. Amazon handled it very well and sent me a different version of the same phone that did have the camera and all was well!

I love the design and ruggedness of this phone, but it is only able to hold 100 texts at a time before making you delete some to make room for more.

Phone was not in working condition. Version was unable to activate the phone under my number, because it was still active under another account. The company said they could not fix the problem because they did not have the information of the previous owner. They should have thought that through before they sold the phone.

not as expected. pooor battery life. clearing memory and will donate to military. hope it lasts better for them than it did for me.

my dad broke his phone and needed another one and didnt want a smart phone, so this worked great!!! he loves it!

I could not find a company who could connect service to this phone. I wasted money on buying this phone.

When I read the description of this phone, it sounded like a very sturdy model. When I got the phone it was no better than anything I could buy at Walmart. I returned it.

I bought this phone as a Christmas gift for my father in law and he loves it! It's definitely Tennessee Orange and that's what he loves about it. It holds charge well, and is over all a great phone for him because he's older, and the buttons are large enough for him to see. If you are looking for a phone that is not a smartphone, this casio is they way to go! The durability factor alone is worth it!

I bought this phone for my husband and it doesn't get good reception even at our house. It loses more calls than it gets and the battery life isn't good either.

replaced my 10 year old motorola with this boulder phone. worked fine for about a month then it started limiting my calls. it got so bad that i could only make or receive a call after waiting 30 min. to 2 hrs. you could enter a phone number but it would not dial it. got to where i could only make or receive a couple of calls per day. went back to my 10 yr. old motorola. i will stay with motorola. i use my phone in business so phone must work all the time.i have had other motorola phones with never a problem. buyer beware.

Overall, the phone was in okay shape considering the paint on the outside was chipping.  However, the speaker sounds bad and sometimes does not work at all.

Got this for my granddaughter and it is perfect. I ordered the extended life battery which was even better, it last for days.

The battier along last half a day.Im i doing something wrongIs this nomalIf it is I might have to look at a different phone

I bought this phone Used on Amazon from JustCellular from california.I have the orange version and i think it was made in 2010 because the battery bay area has a sticker that says "PCD 03/10".  The battery says: Casio, Model: BTR711B...The only worries I have are the battery and the loose parts/screws.  Battery because it has just enough battery life for one day depending on your talk average.  Loose parts/screws probably because I bought it Used.  Even the included battery doesn't seem to fit a tight seal when put in.  My phone already has nicks and scratches along the orange edges.I live in the harsh climate of Tucson, AZ, and the sun here can melt/damage most plastics.  My last smartphone was slow, flimsy, not rugged, Kin Two, with windows software, and got permanent pool water splash damage so i decided to get this.Has anyone here bought it New and with solid structure no partial sliding of the top part or loose parts?  Am I the only one with this problem?I'm also thinking about buying the extended battery for it but I don't have the money right now and I want to buy it before they stop selling it on Amazon.  I do not know which of the two on Amazon to buy and i don't know if they're compatible because my current battery says BTR711B while one of the extended batteries says BTE711B.  There's this 1:CASIO OEM BTE-711B BATTERY C711 GzOne Boulderand this:OEM CASIO VERIZON G'ZONE C711 BTE-711B EXTENDED BATTERYThe one that came with my phone was:Casio Oem Verizon G'Zone Boulder C711 BatteryWhat case can I get that will hold this protruding battery with the phone?Someone please answer my questions and help me, please.

Doesn't take a charge very well and the cover already broken off from it. Paid 93.00 dollars to a phone that only lasted two months.

I am disappointed in the battery life of this phone.  The last Casio G'zOne I owned had a much longer lasting battery, even after using it for 2 1/2 years.  I have to charge this one every day and then it still sometimes dies during the day.  I think the battery is bad.And now the trim ring on the front fell off.  It was just stuck on with double back adhesive.  I think it's too late to send it back or I would do just that.

I recently bought two of these and they are fine phones for the dollars.  The only issue I have had so far is the battery life was horrible.  The company was prompt about sending me new batteries.  I would buy from them again, there customer service was first class.

I purchased this phone for my son.  He had it about 3 weeks, it was working fine and then it wouldn't let him txt, call or recieve calls.  I took it to the verizon store and there was nothing they could do with it.  I was going to have to call technical support to have them to see if they could fix it.  I just purchased him a new one and have not done anything with it yet. I will not buy another phone from any outside source.  I had rather pay more and not have the trouble

the phone may be good, the battery goes dead within 10 mins, ordered a new one, may change review later

misleading description, stated that was clean ESN able for Verizon or Page Plus, ESN Was never released by last user.Not enough money to send back not worth returning to seller...

need I say more.  its a simple easy to use phone that is duriable.  Buy the desktop charge; it rests on the cradle and doesnt wear out your connection to your charging plug.

This Casio G'zOne was a replacement phone for a friend. His phone needs replacing because of abuse.  He's happy now.

I have had my phone for a month now, I have dropped it several times due to my clumsiness. Very durable and strong. Simple and nothing fancy.

The phone was in new condition but the software is out of date and verizon says it can't be up dated. This is not the sellers fault, it's verizons.

I have had this phone for about a week, it is supposed to be the a tough water proof phone that can with stand a great deal of damage. i dropped the phone one time on the road and the top broke and the screen stopped working. This phone is not what i thought what it would be, I can not believe that i said $80 for this. This makes me furious that this happened to me and I will never buy from this business again.

I had this phone for more than 3 years and loved it! It never broke on me! The only reason I don't have it any more is I needed a smartphone for my new position at work. I wish this phone was a smart phone! The new Gzone, is not the same!!!!  Please bring me the phone I miss so much, with the upgrades i need...And i dropped it alot!!! Plus I NEVER needed to buy covers to protect it...the paint was very durable!!!!

I wouldn't buy from them I bought 2 phones and they keep shutting off and the want me to send my phones back and replace them n it would leave us without phones

GREAT PHONE.  USE WITH PAGE PLUS..........................  ... ...... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..

My wife and I purchased these phones to replace our Droid X2.  Trying to get back to the basics and cut our cell bill in half to save money.  They work great.  No complaints, so far.  I read some bad reviews after I had made my purchase and was skeptical about what the phones would be like but they are great and the best thing about them is I'm saving money.  These phones helped me cut my cell bill by $90 per month.

paid 89.00 thought i was getting a new phone but on theback it has some one's name and phone number it will not chargethe extended batterys bought 4 of them so its not the batterysu have to charge it every night thats why i wanted the extededbatterys i now have and can't use them would like a nother onethow that the battery would work with my husband had one it workedgreat would stay charged for days thats why i bought this one.

Phone does not keep charge.  Difficult to connect charging cords. Will not fully charge no matter how long it is plugged in.  Had to replace battery

Overall decent but the speaker has a little noise in it. A bit pricey for this defect but I'll keep it.

Just "upgraded" from my old LG flip-phone. Now I wish I hadn't. The battery lasts one day, AND I NEVER USE MY PHONE!!! Call quality sucks and it's way to quiet (both in ringtone and handset volume) for me. DO NOT BUY!!!

I recently purchased a black G'Zone Boulder from this same seller and it was excellent so I decided to buy the orange one as a back up.  It arrived a day early and is also excellent but I was disappointed to see that, unlike the black phone, this one didn't come with an extended life battery.  For that reason, I rated it very good... not excellent.

While this phone is rugged looking and seems like everything that was promised, there are a few bugs to be worked out. Or maybe I just haven't found out the best way of using this phone yet. It is not as easy to use as other phones.

When we received the phone the number 6 pad was actually a number 3.  My husband decided he could live with it rather than return it.  In February, the phone started losing the charge mid day and was completely dead by May.  Rugged?  I think not!

When the phone was described as &#34;new&#34; I assumed it would come factory boxed with an instruction manual and all the other original equipment that I received with my original (but now totally nonfunctioning) orange Casio G'z One Boulder Verizon phone.  This unit physically does appear to be brand new, but it came in a small generic box with only a small battery and an aftermarket car charger.  Missing from what was included with my original phone were the high capacity battery, cradle charger and instruction manual.  Fortunately I still have all of these and was able to purchase additional original Casio high capacity batteries at another Amazon site at a bargain price.  Because of these exclusions and in spite of the phone's apparently new appearance, I was concerned that it might be defective in some way, but it was easily activated with my old number through Verizon and seems to function normally.  The exclusions did cause me to reduce my rating by one star.  Overall, however, I'm very pleased to have this new exact replacement for my old favorite phone, which no longer is available from Verizon, and at a price considerably less than their new, but (to me, at least) less desirable alternative flip phone model.

Great phone but the battery pack was faulty and I had to purchase a new phone. I love the durability I just wish the product wasn't messed up.

Speaker flat out sucks. NO calls are clear. BUT it is what it is. I prefer flip's over smart-phones&#8230;.needed something durable and even though this is an old phone and Im only giving it a 3 star, its still better than any new LG flip. Fugly Luke's Land Speeder color with REALLY small buttons that are almost flush with the back-piece, making it difficult to dial if you have human fingers. Compass doesn't work at all. Basically, its a PHONE for TALKING ( imagine that ?!??! ).

This phone is old and it is very hard to find charging items for it. Lasted a month and already had problems with it.

This phone is advertised as being rugged & military grade,PLEASE!Had my last phone (a basic model Motorola) for 5 years of construction abuse before it gave up the ghost.Had this flimsy piece of garbage 2 weeks,dropped it on the ground from about waist high & it hasn't worked worth a d*#n since.Cuts off in the middle of conversations,have to pull the battery out & re install to turn on at times,& just generally a cheaply made phone that feel's like it could break at any given moment!I most definitely would NOT recommend this to anyone who needs something that actually works as advertised!

I drop phones on a regular basis. This is the 2nd phone I've bought. The first one lasted me about 3 years and it was refurbished. This one should last even longer. I don't want any other phone. This one fits my lifestyle just right.

The is great I work for Fedx and dropping cell phones is part of the crazy job. This phone holds up very well in the time its already feel in snow and cold icy  conditions love the phone.

The phone dies after an hour of usage even though phone is 100% charged. We just bought this phone 2 days ago!

did not meet my expectations

My husband is using this phone. So far I think he is pretty happy with it. he uses it a lot on the road and at home. Battery life usually gets to be an issue, but I think it is holding up pretty well.

1 con: the signal isn't great I people have a hard time hearing me in certain area.Pros: Voice recognition, water proof when all ports are closes properly, and looks like an orange Camaro!

The charging port is poorly constructed and has failed twice. I got Verizon to replace the phone once, now I am on my own, says the Harrisonburg, Virginia Verizon wireless store. They had a display unit in the store, but told me (I am NOT making this up!) that "they could go to jail for doing a warranty replacement." Another gal in the store told me that "car chargers charge faster because automotive voltage is HIGHER than wall outlets." This lady was just not on the ball. That's Verizon! And they wonder why we will not sign a renewal on the two year agreement! They also tried to convince me that the price they charged for the phone ($475) was at their cost. Yeah, right. Lies and misinformation, then they wonder why you walk out the door.So, if you get the Boulder, also make sure that you have the charging cradle, to get around the defective plug for the car charger.Buying on Amazon saves alot of $$ over retail, without an agreement - which provides a nice exit strategy (and ability to transfer your business) when things go sour with Verizon, as it does every six months or so.

We bought this phone 4 months ago by paying over $79.00. and YES that's how long it lasted. The charging station on the phone came out completely. I took the phone to Verizon as well as to a cell phone repairing  store and both places informed me that it is to expensive to repair it. Time to buy a new phone. If you are not willing to pay $70.00 every four months stay away from Casio G'zOne.

I had high hopes for this phone then I realized therer is not a camera in it although it has buttons for it and I cannot download ringtones. This was not mentioned when I purchased it.

This has to be the toughest phone made. I lost one and found it a week later when the snow melted. All I had to do was charge it back up, and it worked fine.

Had this phone a week, I dropped it once and it cracked.It's not a durable phone like they advertised and I can'tbelieve I actually paid money for it.  Verizon should offerthis as a free phone, even then, I wouldn't get it again.JUNK!!!

Needed a tough and rough phone and this is definitely it.  The only down side is that since it is an older model, it can not be upgraded to use back up assistant , vz navigator, etc, but it understandable since it is an outdated model. Otherwise a great phone.

i bought this for my dad as a present and when i got done activating it the phone would receive text and it would call out and it would send text. the think that is kind of important is to be able to receive calls to know that some body is calling. i sat on the phone with verizon for 40 min the guy was doing everything to get it working and still nothing. i had one of theses phones before i got into smart phones and it is a great flip phone but another thing it didnt come with a charge cradle it didnt come with manual and it did not come with the tool to help pop out the outer ring and then the battery so if you was looking to buy this buy from somewhere else

Phones great has great colors works well in almost all areas of activity sports fitness work etc. Good for an active person or a person who needs a strong phone.

This phone drops signal every time I am out of the city limits.  ALL my other phones have done much better. Battery life sucks. The standard battery it comes lasts about 6 hours standby if your lucky.  I have the extended battery now and I can get a day and a half if I don't talk on it much.Texting: if you like to use the word spell features on phones this one doesn't have a very big vocab.The compass doesn't work if your moving but other than that you can get a general direction but it is not accurate to 1 degree like its calibrated for. More like about +/-15 degrees.I work outside and when I am not working I am very active outside. I don't live near any big cities so this phone isn't really that good unless spend all your time near cell towers and then it isn't really all that good.I will be replacing it real soon and throwing it in the box with all the dead phones I have.

the phone went dead within 3 days after i got it. just did not work. very disappointed, i have had a casio phone for the last 6 years and they work great

Phone arrived quickly and in great condition. It looks brand new. My husband is rough on phones, so we are hoping this one lasts. Nice phone if you don't want all the extra's of a smart phone.

I bought this phone for durability and because a simple phone is a little less touchy to things unlike the smart phones. I have dropped this phone, thrown it and beat on it pretty good and it is holding up very well so far! The charging part is the worst part. I have gone through 2 chargers and now on my 3rd charger for this phone. You will not be able to find a charger for this phone in the stores. It is a old phone with a very weird connection. It is a durable phone which i like but not being able to find a charger at a general store is not something that I like about it.

My wife loves this phone, accessories were inexpensive and even though we have initial problems with the 1st phone Supplier took very good care of use to make corrections.

This phone is exactly what I wanted and was actually delivered sooner than expected.  The only problem is that I have to charge it everyday.  Battery that came with it must be old.
