
The phone works great! I love it!But the wall charger took for ever to charge the phone, and eventually quit working after about 3 weeks.

I got this phone and when i activated it, it runs like crap for one it wont let me text words. In the text box 2 it wont let me make phone calls it stays on the contact screen, 3 battery dont stay charged no more then an hour. The charger part on the phone doesnt want to work i waisted money i dont have on this phone that sucks.

This is a great phone. Pair it with a prepaid plan and say mega bucks! This is all the phone 9 of 10 people will need.

The phone was all expected and more!!! Battery life could be longer but I don't mind that. Love this phone!

sent phone back it didnt work. couldnt even make the screen work.it would light up but no screen.even after i charged it up.

I love this Droid X2 phone.  With its dual core processor, I never have to wait for anything.  The only thing is that this is a 3G phone not 4LTE, but I'm OK with that.  The built quality of this phone is better than what I expect.  The fit and finish is great compared to other Motorola or Android phones.

i ordered this item and waited by the mail box. i finally recieved the package almost a week later than posted. opened ht e package and found inside a completely different phone than the one i ordered. i thought about keeping the phone and then found out verizon couldnt put it on my contract. huge let down.

Works good but the camera doesn't work at all. Its just a black screen. Cant read barcodes or anything. Be cautious

My "first ever" used phone online purchase...it was only 2 pics shown, and it was hard to tell the quality of the product (which made me a bit hesitant to order it), but theProduct was received within 5 business days (2 days quicker than the "earliest" estimated delivery date )Product was in excellent "like new" condition...as listedProduct works great...no technical issues foundPrice was reasonableAll listed accessories were received, andIt works greatI'm very satisfied, and will order from this seller again...

As long as you don't need 4G, this is a great phone. The processor is very fast and the call quality is great. The camera and the music player are great and it's a great wifi device that supports 40 gigabytes (with a 32GB microSD card). I use this on a prepaid company that uses Verizon's signal and couldn't be happier with a phone.

Because I always wanted a DROID phone and when I saw it on here and at the price I was like yes my dream phone. Even though its not a upgrade I love it.

Got this for me son to replace his 2 yr old smart phone w/o having to extend my Verizon contract.  He had some troulbe getting everything to work properly, but was able to get these items resolved at his local Verizon store.

We love this phone. No high bill at the end of the month Page Pluse is the greatest  thank you have a great day

I ordered a new phone and immediately could tell it was not. Fully charged I could make2 phone calls, 3 browses, 2 songs and it would drop from 80% to 0 in 3 min. Ordered a replacement phone with similar results. Contacted verizon, tried everything.It has nice features but Ihad to early terminate my contract and sign a new 2 year for a dependable phone. Sending the 2nd phone back but have not heard from seller yet for return address.

Amazon did replace the phone with minimal hassle, however how can SOLID CELLS sell a cell phone described as &#34; GOOD to VERY GOOD&#34; with a bad core processor? The phone  become very hot , the phone apps went haywire, the home screen became erratic.  It was basically ready for the trash can. Buyers beware!!!

phone constantly malfunctions, shuts itself off, and just does not work right. deep scratch at top of screen when received. unhappy with purchase could have bought a better one.

Phone worked ok for a couple of weeks... now the camera no longer works, and programs crash randomly.  Even after factory reset it still does not work.  + the phone will randomly crash and reboot all the time.

I order two phones, they did come on time, but one was a defect, I could use it on a temporary basis. When I ask for a replacement, they refused to send it unless I sent mine back first.  I bought this phone NEW, (but I could only talk on speaker for the other person to hear me).  I paid extra s&h  to receive it early. So, after a few emails they won't help me, so I called Verizon and the sent me a replacement FIRST without asking for my old one.  Very unhappy with the purchase!!

This is my husbands first smart phone and he is enjoying this phone.  It has all the bells and whistles he needs.

I bought this phone used, hoping to save some money.  It was advertised as having a clean ESN but when I attempted to activate it, I was informed by Verizon that the ESN was still active, I ended up buying an IPhone instead.

I purchased two of these in the spring of 2013.  One worked, one did not turn on and was returned.  I just purchased another one from BLUTEKUSA.  It was supposed to be new but was missing both the SD card and manual.  The camera lens was scratched and the battery compartment shows obvious wear.  My husband is fairly satisfied with the one he got, but it seems to be the luck of the draw whether you get a functioning, new phone when buying from Amazon.com.  I am able to return this one with no cost, which is why I only purchase from third party sellers when the item is fulfilled by Amazon.

Phone came with battery and charger. Was able to quickly switch over service from my old phone on the internet without assistance. Phone was exactly what I needed to get me through the end of my current Verizon plan without having to pay $600 plus for a new phone from them.

I order my phone and it got to me in good time. The reason I'm giving one star is due to the phone not working when it got to me. It didn't turn on and there was a note apologizing for it not working. The person included another phone hoping it would work for me. It was an old Razer flip phone, what am I going to do with this? I will never buy anything from this company ever again. I recommend you don't buy from them either.

I am a huge Motorola fan. I only owned phones from Motorola and Sony Ericson. You won't be disappointing with this phone not one bit. Plays games amazingly fast. Can't play Candy Rush Saga but that's on the developmental side of the game.

Much better than the Droid X, the X2 is a much better Android phone. The phone was is good condition for a reasonable price from a good vendor. As always reused batteries are short lived, so you have to buy a replacement for daylong use.

It was the best phone ever. Would tell other people about the phone.The phone works better than my other one.

The Info was accurate. Phone works fine. Came with a USB cord. I'm using it to write this review. The battery life doesn't last as long as it says it would, makes me believe the battery that came with this phone is not the original. The memory is supposed to be 16 fn. But its smaller, was probably also replaced.

I purchased the Motorola Droid X2 from MobileKarma in May 2014. As the seller stated the phone was &#34;in very good cosmetic condition&#34; and the phone is fully functional. The phone has been activated and in-use for over a month with no problems.  Now as of this writing, the Droid X2 is a 3 year old phone (that&#8217;s 60 in phone years) and therefore is NOT using the most current processor, has the highest amount of memory or running the latest version of Android.  So you will NOT be able to use &#8220;NEW&#8221; apps on an old phone. If you try to do this, the app(s) may not run properly or may not run at all. Also, new apps may cause the phone to lock-up, freeze or show some other signs of instability.  The Motorola Droid X2 is a great (old) phone and to maintain optimal performance from this phone, do not update existing apps or download new apps.

Got it right on time, all pieces included. Worked like a charm, so to put it short, simple, and sweet. I love my new Droid x2 &#60;3

Be carefull, this smart phone its not unlocked for anothers Bands like GSM, only work if you have conection to cdma tecnology, i have bought it, and now days its convert in a expensive droid camera

Love the phone, once upgraded to latest gingerbread 2.3.4, along with a few enhancing apps the phone is awsome. No 4G, but will take forever for availability and stability, 3G is plenty fast for me. Just get a good provider.

very happy with this phone. I used for two years the Droid X and liked it but the VERY items I complained about were addressed and upgraded in the X2, and this includes a sharper image on the screen. I only miss the camera button on the side now.Does all the smart phone things I like and has a good size screen.  hard to match this price for this performance.

This is one of the cheapest smart phones on Amazon at the moment.I bought mine used seeing how this phone is discontinued and knowing how the warranty would have no effect on it.The call quality on this phone is really awesome for the price. I can hear them easily and they can hear me easily. I talk on speakerphone all the time so I needed a loud but still clear speaker which this phone provides.This phone is near the lower end with the technological specs1 ghz dual core processor404 mb of ram (that's what my task manager tells me I have) is in my mind not enough for the mid range processorMy phone says it has 4.3 gigs of internal storage with about 2 gigs for the app space8 Megapixel camera is actually one of the best smartphone cameras out thereThe battery does last me all day with way less than what I would call minimal use, if I use the phone constantly it drains within 4 hoursGaming is not that great at all, games with even minimal graphics such as Candy Crush glitch to the point of freezingOther games though work great though, little bit of lag here and there but nothing to extremeIt runs on Gingerbread and uses the custom MotoBlur which is very laggy to me, so I installed one of the best launchers out (Nemus Launcher) and it uses up very little memory and runs smoothlySo unless you are a hardcore gamer, this phone will be perfect for you!I hope this review helped.

I purchased this phone thinking that it was "new" so it seems as if it were refurbished & it came with some apps that do not come standard. As a previous owner of a Droidx2 I expected to be very happy with this phone. I've only had it a few months and have a lot of problems with it. Hope to be able to get refund

Had this phone for a few months now and I don't have anything bad to say except that the keybord freezes occasionally. It has only happened to me twice though.

Like others here I loved my Droid X so much I opted for the X2.  Huge mistake.It's a total piece of garbage. Nothing works on it.  The screen hardly responds.  Apps don't work and disappear entirely.  I can't enter phone numbers.I was told I could send it back for repairs but I can't be without my phone for that long and besides, shouldn't it work correctly the first time?It's a piece of junk that I guess I will have to live with until my contract is up since Verizon isn't willing to do any kind of customer support.Complete worthless junk with no redeeming values.

Phone works fine, connected to Page Plus no problems. Phone is a little &#34;chewed&#34; up in the corner but I bought it used. Did not come with books or original charger or original battery, but what it came with does work fine. Phone restarts itself like once a week, not sure if it has anything to do with this particular phone, using this service, or all driod x2 phones in general.

The phone resets on its own all the time and it freezes up and u have to hit the back button to get it to dial for a phone call

Great phone with large dynamic screen and good features.  You can't go wrong with this purchase. My wife loves it and is making me wish I had gotten one for myself.

i'm really happy with what I received..though the battery doesn't last me the day so I had to order a new one and a couple scratches here and there on the phone but hey what would I expect from a used phone?..thanks will do business again

i thought it would come were you could just buy minutes and put it on your phone but i had to do alot to get activated. it didn't come with many apps ether so i had to down load some apps.

The phone was exactly what i ordered. Brand new in a sealed box it even included a free car charger.coming from a droid incredible,  the phone is just hard to get used to.

Had to return the phone because it had a virus.  I requested another phone and have not rec'd it yet.

My previous Droid X2 was stollen and I feared I would have to pay a fortune and wait forever for a replacement. I was pleasantly surprised by the price and the expedience of receiving this phone. The tracking photo had me concerned however because it showed a very used and scratched version of the &#34;NEW&#34; phone I purchased. When it came in it was new and looked great! So if you buy this phone, don't worry over the photo that shows with the tracking information. If you bought NEW, you will undoubtedly get NEW.

I have been really happy with it this far but it could be a little cheaper. It might just be me but it seems to be quite a bit heaver then the droid x  :0)

I was nervous about purchasing a phone online.  But my son's phone stopped working and he cannot upgrade for another year.We have Verizon and the phone works perfectly.  Thanks!

After I received this phone I was unable to activitate it.  The prior owner had altered the phone therefore Verizon was unable to find the phone in there system .

Im very rough on a phone but there were a few people at my office with this phone and they bragged about how durable and reliable it was and I havent been disappointed yet. I RECOMMEND IT

The Motorola Droid X2 phone is a great phone but this review isn't only about the functionality of the phone, this is a rating because I received a brand new phone within the time promised (two day shipping).  This phone was listed on Amazon as a new phone but I was skeptical because the pic in the description showed an obviously used phone.  Five stars for the condition of the phone and to the seller for giving me what I want/needed.Now, I will state that I give the Motorola Droid X2 phone 5 stars on its own merit.  For those that criticize its features or say how slow it is need to get a fresh perspective and go back to using an old flip phone:  Please stop being picky and whiney!  This phone is fast and has apps that improve all its functionality.  It comes with Kindle pre-loaded and I am able to get my Amazon kindle books and magazines on my phone... fantastic.A fantastic Motorola smart phone, and great purchase from Amazon for a reasonably priced new cell phone!

Have had nothing but issues. It freezes and reboots with no notice. Kind of bad since my job requires a phone for dispatching ambulances

I love my phone. I have had it for a couple of months now and have had no trouble with it at all. It has a tendency to spaz out every once in a while and cut it's self off but other than that I have had no problems with it. Works great. Hope it last longer than my other droid phone.

I purchased this phone for my son. The phone arrived in great condition. My son has downloaded all sorts of apps. We were able to connect the phone with Page Plus without any problems. He loves the phone. We haven't had any problems with the phone. It arrived on time. I would purchase from this seller again.

I bought this phone for my daughter and it has not worked sence we got it and i would like to return it

When i first got this phone it was amazing! best phone i have ever had.Many things that i like about this phone, that still are great: The Screen, camera and LED notification bar.----Whats not great anymore is the processor speed. Ive reset this phone back to factory conditio about 6 times in 4 months. But nothing is helping it. Wish i could do something about it, Software updates for andriod would be great but none. Like most smartphones the battery sucks. The phone freezes on average once every full hour used. So about 4x a day for me since i dont use it alot. Another major complaint ive had from others is that they cant hear me talking. Sounds real mumbly. I had such high hopes to keep for a long time, well so much for that!

This phone arrived in a box that made me immediately question whether or not it was a 'new' phone. The box and instructions are rather generic to Motorola. This is a touch screen, though the directions say to &#34;flip the phone open to make a call&#34; so obviously something ain't quite new in the box.That said, someone did take the time to put the tiny little MEID number on the side of the box because it is totally unreadable on the bottom of the phone. That was a bonus.I was able to activate this phone by calling Verizon from my kitchen table and it worked within about 5 minutes. I like the size of it, and that it is only 3G.Just a little piece of advice: if you are looking for the last good 3G phone out there, get this one. The technology is fine enough and you can still use all the data you want. If you switch to 4G, you will NOT get unlimited data anymore. That's the little 'catch' to 4G.So replace the oldest phone on your contract (that is no longer under contract) with this no-contract phone and you'll have a good option for the next year or so -- or for however long this particular phone works.I will update this review if things get wonky.  For now it's a Thumbs Up for a good deal with a little 'wink' about the phone being new. I could have swore when I ordered this, the description said NEW. It doesn't exactly say NEW on it now.

Item was 100% as described and shipped promptly.  Would have no compunctions about ordering from source again.  Recommended.  We use the phone all the time and was a much better deal than being scammed by a cell carrier for a two year contract.  Further, it's a 3g phone and since you can't get unlimited 4g, it's a great 3g phone for those of us who still have an unlimited data plan.

It died after i had for 3 or 4 months  very disappointing in the phone it was way over priced when I look at other prices of it . I got ripped off a bit.

The last Droid X lasted a while, but had to be replaced because the battery wouldn't hold a charge--even a brand new battery. After a few months, the same thing is happening to the &#34;new&#34; Droid X2. Also, I couldn't play games on it from the beginning. Not impressed or happy.

This is the second time I have purchased this phone from Amazon, and I should of learned my lesson the first time.  The first phone (Droid X2) lasted a whole three months before the phone randomly shut off.  Less than a month I had issues with the USB port and it was a challenge to charge the phone as well.  It took propping the phone at a certain angle and anchoring the cable just right to get the damn thing to charge, and of course I had to check on it every 15 min. to make sure it was charging.  The phone itself is great when it works like it is supposed to.  I gave it another shot, and the &#34;new&#34; phone I purchased was clearly used.  The print on the battery was faded and worn, the corners of the phone where chipped and faded, the buttons on the bottom of the phone was faded, clearly this was not a new phone.  The box it came in, that was a joke.  The battery and charger was wrapped in plastic, but the phone itself was bouncing around in the box, nothing securing it or keeping it from flopping it around.  When I first attempted to activate it the phone kept dialing 1 by itself, making it impossible to activate.  What a joke!!!  You may have better luck, but be prepared to send the phone back and go through the waiting process to get reimbursed.  This is the last time I purchase a phone from the internet.  If I can't return it right away and get my money back I am all set, but that's just me.  Like I said, when the phone works it's great, but good luck getting one that works right, hopefully you have better luck than I did.

Was bought as a gift for my daughter and she is very happy with the phone and the no contract. Reasonable price for such a nice phone. Would recommend to anyone that may have trouble keeping up with a high monthly cell phone bill.

No wonder Motorola is far behind other cell phone carriers. Droid x2 battery drains quickly because of extra software preloaded and can't be removed. Hardly any major improvement over first DROID X.BUY MOTO G INSTEAD! Or Moto X

The next week I'll be in California for work and I could buy this product, but when I return to Italy will work with a sim Italian?thanksBest regards

When the phone arrived it wouldn't power up so I tried to contact the seller directly but Amazon would only allow me to correspond with the seller through them which caused an additional 5 days delay. When I finally did get the replacement phone back two weeks later it worked but I am still waiting for my shipping cost reimbursement. My issues aren't so much with the seller because they seem to be a reputable business and they did eventually send me a replacement, although I wish they would check their products and make sure they actually work before sending them out. It could have saved us both alot of hassle.If I need another phone I will deal with the vendor direct and leave Amazon out. My last three orders through Amazon have been disasters and Amazon did as little as possible in trying to remedy their mistakes.

Phone came on date promised and in great shape. I am very pleased with this product and the price. It also came with a car charger.

Durable, fast dual-core system, plenty of storage and RAM, excellent CDMA/EVDO reception, fast wifi too. Overall a quality device from a company that knows what they are doing. Best phone I've ever owned. Now if only someone would figure out how to unlock the bootloader :)

The screen is large enough to play games on but not too big that you feel you may break it. My phone over heated once because I was downloading alot of apps at once but thats it. Has a sleeper mode to conserve energy and as long as you dont run the phone like crazy the battery life is good. For about ten hours I had my phone with only one charge and by the time I was home it was only on 50% battery life(due to low screen power, and turning off apps that are not being used ). The sound quality is great when I make calls.

I ordered this phone and when i got it, i couldnt activate the phone and the man wanted me to take it to verizon and i was told that they will refund me my gas for going 45mins away. The paper that came with the phone did not say if your phone dont work, take it to verizon.. Sent the phone back and ask for my money back and they said they would. Now they want me to call back tonight and they will put my money on my card. These ppl are no one to order from. U will be getting trash from these people. I promise u.

It hals turned out to be a very reliable phone with the exception of the battery in which case doesn't hold very much of a charge but non the less i am very very satisfied with this product and hopefully get the opportunity to do business with this person again.  Thank you

Does this have front camera? I cant tell on my phone. I have the DROIDX &&i its not working right.

This review is for Motorola Droid X2 No Contract Verizon Cell Phone, Sold by Unlimited Phones 4 LessI really wanted to like this phone. I have to return it because it was not as advertised, it doesn't work properly, and further research reveals that another one just like it may not do the things I need it to do, either.First, I have noticed that reviews on Amazon can reflect the product (or sometimes a similar but altogether different product), the seller, or Amazon, I want to spell out exactly what I am reviewing in several sections:1 - The Phone Specs:Motorola Droid X2I purchased it after my HTC Inspire went into a boot loop and wouldn't come out. A little research revealed that this was not an uncommon problem, and that loose charging ports were another HTC Achilles' Heel (which may have contributed  my eventual problem?). I *really* liked the specs of that phone.After days of looking at specs and reviews, I almost got another Inspire in spite of the above possible issues. I saw that the Motorola Droid X2 had a lot of similar stats that I wanted: 4.3 inch screen, 8 megapixel camera, 32 gig SD card support, GPS, and FM radio, plus it has HDMI TV out (a perk I wanted, if didn't need) and runs on Verizon's CDMA network, which I hoped would expand my StraightTalk coverage and help me to avoid the annoying access denied http error that frequently occurs on their GSM network (more on StraightTalk later, with tips).2 - The Seller Experience:The good: Shipping was just as promised - Next day arrival. The bad: The box was opened, not particularly new or old looking. Inside was a phone with plastic film on the front which had an arrow pointing to a non-existent camera button. Perhaps Motorola recycled the film from the Droid X, which did have a button in that location. The charger is not a Motorola charger. The battery is not a Motorola battery. When inserted, it gives a battery alert and tells you that it cannot charge because it is an invalid battery.  With the phone off, the battery will charge and hold, but the device is at a loss to know what the charge percentage is. There is no manual or anything else in the box. Now the specs did not say &#34;New phone, new oem charger, new oem battery,&#34; in fact they did not specify anything, but one would find it rational to expect that a new phone listing means all those things, not merely a new phone and some generic parts.3 - The Amazon Experience:Some of the above complaint can be possibly be laid at Amazon's door. Often one will get a listing for a product, then descriptions and reviews for the product or the product Amazon thinks it is, but not specifically particular item the particular seller is selling (who makes an &#34;I can read&#34; version of an award winning picture book, which then gets Amazon reviewed as though it were the original? But that is another story, a small caveat, if you will).  When trying to contact the seller the decision tree led not to contact seller but to Amazon. That has been a GOOD thing.  The rep immediately took steps to rectify the invalid battery, and still said I could send the entire item if it failed to work beyond that. Hooray for Fulfilled by Amazon. I will be ordering another and taking them up on this offer as soon as a replacement arrives.4 - The Phone Experience (with a StraightTalk tip tossed in):The phone arrived immediately. At first it would not go past the activation screen. If you are bringing your own CDMA phone to StraightTalk, you have to purchase a Network Activation Code from them and register your phone with them before you can activate it. If you get one with a bad ESN, then Verizon will not release it to another carrier like ST or Page Plus. This can happen if the phone was stolen or the previous owner broke the contract by not paying the bill. I bought a new one to hopefully avoid this issue. Further, if you are using it on the StraightTalk network, it can only be 3g, not 3g OR 4g, or LTE capable. The Droid X2 fit the bill, but would not activate using the *22890 code. After about two days of waiting, and calling their limited tech support, I decided why not hit the Verizon activate button instead. Voil&aacute; - it was activated on the straigttalk network (there's your promised tip).As far as appearance goes, the phone looks nice and fits in my hand well, however, it does not have the solid feel I am used to, but I won't put that in the issues department, which are generally more serious.A) Wifi issues: While waiting for my activation to go through, I loaded my apps for personal and business use and used WiFi and a VOIP program for calling. The WiFi reception varied from fair to poor, registering from the dot to the dot and two arcs inches away from my personal router, and mostly in the dot only range on public routers which had plenty of signal on other devices. That is the first strictly phone problem, not counting the fact that the battery was invalid. A little more research has shown that WiFi reception can be an issue with this model of phone.B) GUI: It turns out that a lot of what I liked about my HTC phone was probably related to HTC Sense interface, but that is just a preference thing, I can get used to Motorola's lame weather and notification bar and so forth.C) Sound Card issue: it turns out that call recorder app makers all state that they can't work with the Motorola Hardware configuration. This can be important if you want or need to record calls. Conversely, if you don't want it, perhaps it can be a plus, hard to say.D) D is for deal breaker - I must have GPS to accept card payments for my business. The GPS in this phone does not work. After researching a bit online, it turns out that this is a long known Motorola/Verizon issue, though not one highlighted in the reviews here. Some of the reviews would seem to indicate that it works on their devices, as they mention using navigation apps. I tried several GPS tools and some of the folk remedies suggested (tap or hold here, tape there...), but none have worked. Not only that, the device began to get HOT after about 15 minutes or so of trying to get a GPS fix. Ultimately, I was unable to get a location using any combination of location services on this phone. On the other hand, if not being trackable is important to you, it may be a good thing, but I don't know if we can count on it in that circumstance.I am using the phone now, on straighttalk, but as I cannot use it to process payments, it will have to go back as soon as its replacement (non Motorola, apparently) which can use the features I require, arrives.SUMMARY:In general, this could probably be a very good phone, if you have one whose GPS and WiFi work. But these seem to be known issues, along with several others that I did not experience. Be very careful of what seller you choose.  Apparently some are able to skate by on the edges of the truth about what they are selling.[Additional tip: when you select export contacts to sd card, you are only backing up a copy of the list as it stands at the time, not moving it so that all the information is continually updated there, like say your email would be. Don't find this out the hard way! ]

I owned the droid series for nearly 2 years now, and I can say that they are very dependable, the built quality is extremely good. The screen size makes it very comfortable to read mails. The battery is decent. Overall I good product.

This Droid was purchased at a year ago and just reset itself to factory settings using safe mode yesterday. For a while now it has had problems (none cosmetic; i bought an otterbox and screen protectors the day I bought the phone) such as getting hot after just running Pandora for 10 minutes or freezing for text msgs. This phone should have not given me such problems so be aware that you may have to replace it in about a year.

THIS PRODUCT GETS A 5* RATING BECAUSE IT WAS BRAND NEW WITH NO CONTRACT . I HAD NO PROBLEM ACTIVATING THE PHONE WITH A CARRIER OF MY CHOICE . THE PHONE ITSELF WORKS JUST LIKE A BRAND NEW PHONE NO PROBLEMS WITH IT AT ALL . GOOD LOOK TO THE SELLER AND AMAZON.COM SHOPPIN' HERE IS EASY 1

I was able to connect this phone to my straight talk service via their new bring your own phone program without issue.  Process took about 10 minutes.  The phone  was in like new condition.  Does not appear to have been used before.  Note however that the software has not been updated so the google stuff was badly out of date.  The google play services were not on the phone so for the first two hours there were things that would not run.  You cannot manually add google play services, but google apparently pushes the service to your phone within an hour or so when it detects it is missing.  Once that arrived most everything started to work.  Basically once you crank up the phone give it about 5 or 6 hours before you worry about anything not working.

I had a droid on contract years ago and when I realized that I could have it back on pre paid I ordered it ASAP! now I just have to get readjusted to having a smart phone!

Excellent  was very hapy got it in time was told will buy agian from here only thing was phone was not new it was used only thing im not happy about

I purchased this as a gift for my boyfriend and he loved it. The phone is awesome, but more importantly I am glad he enjoyed it. Thank you for the speedy delivery!

Unfortunately, for me this phone seldom works.  It can take up to a minute to place a call or get the camera to open up.  Spotty service - even when it says 4 bars it can't download reliably.  Half the time there's no bars, even when others with my carrier have service. I'll get a message of a missed call when the phone's never rung.  Shuts itself off randomly.  My third phone is on the way. When it works, it takes great pictures.

I bought a used Droid X a couple months before my contract was up. I liked it so much that I upgraded to an X2 instead of pricier, 4g Droids just because I liked the X so much. Big mistake.If you love your Droid X like I do, then just keep your Droid X. The Droid X2 is a total downgrade. It is almost the exact same phone only made of cheaper materials. It is a tiny bit thinner but they are otherwise the exact same phone. All Droid X accessories fit the Droid X2.The X is more solid. The X2 just feels really generic. A piece of the battery cover on the X2 broke off inside the phone. Called Amazon Wireless and they couldn't replace it because the X and X2 are now discontinued. They kept trying to push me into taking it to Verizon. I said if I wanted to deal with Verizon, I would have upgraded through Verizon. Ended up switching to a Razr 16gb which I had to pay $80 for even though I got the X2 for free. Just a terrible experience through Amazon Wireless and if their customer support just keeps going on like this, they're not going to be in business for long. Terrible customer service.I wanted the X2 instead of the more expensive phones because it has a battery that you can take in and out and replace it any time it wears down. With the new phones, such as Droid4 and Razrs, the battery is internal and cannot be replaced without sending it in for servicing. With as much as I use my phone, I knew I needed a battery I could take in and out which is why I have never wanted an iPhone.So, don't buy this phone. Buy the cheaper but better more solid phone in the Droid X. I love it. It's my fave phone and I've had Droid2, Droid2 Global, and Droid X2 as far as smartphones go. The X has very stable software. Has yet to freeze up on me or restart.Also, I wouldn't recommend using Amazon Wireless and this is coming from a very loyal Amazon customer. It was a disaster.

The phone is ok takes some getting used to.I have it to long on to my internet at home .Some times it will jump off my internet to using data and i have to log off in order not to use my data up.Over all its a pretty good phone.

this phone was for our 14 y/o son as a replacement because his other phone was completely busted.  We received the phone in 2 days which was great and it was in excellent condition.  The reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because the phone was locked and it was in Spanish.  I just thought when someone sold an electronic device they would have factory resets.

This is a great phone.  It has much better features than the iphone faster processor better camara removable battery expandable memory and I can go on and on. For years I thought I wanted an iphone, I am now very glad I didn't buy one.

DX2 Much better than original Droid A855Rev: 11-29-2012aThe good:-- This phone/pda is much better that the original Droid (A855) that I had for two months, that older phone sux.-- The Droid X2 (DX2) is much faster, seems more refined, less buggy.  The screen is just big enough.-- Hidden treasure: FM broadcast receiver works very-very good. Uses your provided headphones (requires them to work, its the antenna), to receive FM.  This is the best FM receiver I own?  The Bandwith seems to very as signal quality varies, the result is there is much less static. And has very good fidelity.  The GUI need more attention, like push button access to the favorites, signal strength meter (RSSI) and such. Radio work wonderfully...Over all I'm more happy with this Droid X2. It would get 4-stars, if not for all the minor problems (all bad software, related, see below)...The bad:-- I had to clear all cash, 3 times, and reset to original factory setting once (erase everything and start over (this held a lot))...-- Music player skips, at least once per song, some program is interrupting or some thing??? *1-- Phone crashers for no apparent reason. Seems to be excessive CPU usage problem. Just after closing Google maps or other programs.  90% of the time this is only solved by removing the battery, nothing else fixes this problem.-- Clock is completely cell network based. If the battery is removed, the clock cant be set without turning on the cell radio, even if you have WiFi with a clock sync program running (i use airplane mode, at home, so the battery dont die overnight, as I have no cell service where I live).-- I dont like Google, any more.  It seems, I have troubles with them constantly (cant sync phone book as stated on their web site. maps crashing, Goggle application crashing (most of this was on the A855). And no one to report this too and get help (no customer support)).-- After I got the dock, "Motorola" tries to force an additional computer (drivers) update (other than the standard USB ones), if you download it, each time you connect to the computer, three folders open.  One is the Motorola drivers folder and this seems to make a browser window open and it connect to the internet, to a Verizon wirelesses backup service, a video self starts, advertising a service I dont want or need. Apparently I have to Root the phone, to remove this nag-ware from the phone, in order to make it stop. Work around (sorta): And and remove programs, and remove the offending Motorola folder. The third folder still opens, after docking, but no internet sales video starts.-- The info area at the top of the phone is supper tiny and there seems to be no setting to make it bigger.-- The signal strength bars, has just 4 bars, instead of the standard 5, and is hard to see.  Having no signal, is common where I live, and the no signal looks, like full bars.-- The info area messages comes and goes, faster than I can read (same area).-- GPS wont actually turn on, when selected (using maps), if the cellular service is turned off.  The symbol shows up, but not worke.  The work around is: Turn on cellular, then GPS, then turn cell back off, to make GPS work.  Even still some times the GPS just wont work.  THen it takes a power off-on reset. Sometimes this dose not work and you need to do the remove the battery reset, and reinstall the battery, to restart the GPS...-- Screen timeout dose not apparently apply to wake up screen and sometimes the screen goes to sleep, as I'm trying to inter the password or shut the phone off, or set it into to airplane mode.-- There is a lot of data consuming bloat-ware on the phone and rooting is the only solution is to remove. This stuff also kills memory and slows the phone as sum of it, starts and runs despite that I'm not using it. There is way too much trash, supplied by Verizon, on this phone.-- Android/ Google. I'm not liking the disclaimers, that accompanies 98% of all the applications. One example: Why dose a mapping program, need to take pictures or record sound, or can even make phone calls, without user intervention???  This is in may of the disclaimers, when you download software to the phone from the Google Play Store - Why???-- Weird battery removal process, and poorly described. A piece of plastic (red) label is used to pry up the battery. It exceptionally unprofessional - a cheap solution. I expect it will fail (tare), making imposable to remove the battery, over time. I use my phone enough, I use several batteries, and even one a separate aftermarket charger, to charge batteries out of the phone. I own 4 batteries, one of the original 1500mAh battery, the other 3 are aftermarket BH5X that is 1900mAh, I got from ebay. All are the standard thin, non-fat (dose not take a different battery door), battery.Inclusion:As you can see, I have many somewhat minor issues with the phone. I hate Apple, so what other choices are there. None.  It's much like Voting, its the choice of the least-bad solution, I guess...Cell provider:Page plus, $55 get you 2 GB data and unlimited talk and text...De:Mr. RF.

The phone works ok and i really like the 8 Mega pixels camera pictures looks so nice and also the high definition to see videos is wonderful ....i love this phone

Didn't work and send it back apparently got lost in the mail. Know I DON'T HAVE A PHONE NOR MONEY! I wouldn't recommend this to any one I think this company is a big rip off

This phone was in perfect shape when I received it. And has been working everyday since. It is very fast for an older 3G phone and serves me well.

Good phone for price.  Cheaper than replacing thru Verizon.  Has everything to make a teen happy with the droid market

So i currently use this phone every day. This piece of garbage freezes and is so glitchy. The so called "dual core processor" is just a dumb gimmick. The thing is so slow and is useless. Ps: when i used the phone and somthing forced closed it gave me the option to report the problem. The dang thing force closed the report section!!Pros: NoneCons: Freezes up all the timePressing the search button in the app drawer causes the phone to crash.The camera sucks, the focus is crappy and i get better pics from my ipod touch 5 gen.

I did not buy mine through Amazon. I got it through Verizon, and I'm soon-to-be on my third; the second replacement is in the mail as I type this. The first phone was brand-new from the Verizon Store. It would freeze and restart randomly. I had to pop the battery an average of three times a day because it would freeze and be completely non-responsive to any pressing of buttons. I had a replacement sent and it did the same sorts of things but much less frequently.Some of the issues are that it doesn't support the GO Launcher EX app, many games prove too taxing for it -- especially Draw Something, but Angry Birds is another that freezes frequently -- and most frustrating for me is the camera often won't open. A high megapixel camera is really the main feature that led me to get a smartphone. I will press the camera icon and it will just reload the home screen. I have to restart the phone to get it to work, which can be quite burdensome depending on what I'm trying to take a picture of.Lastly, I find the call quality to be the worst I've experienced with any phone over the last 13 years of using cellular phones. With both of the Droid X2s I've had, the calls have been very choppy, with the audio cutting out frequently for fractions of a second, which might not sound like a big deal, but it often makes it difficult to understand what has been said. There's a loss of words that results in me asking, "What?," far too frequently. It's especially noticeable, though, when wait music is playing. It's just in and out constantly, which I find supremely annoying.There are other little glitches as well. For example, the home keys on the main screen will sometimes just disappear leaving little plus signs to add apps or shortcuts. If I restart the phone, they reappear. And periodically, the phone will just start vibrating for no apparent reason and won't stop until I pry off the case and pop the battery. Admittedly, this has only happened twice. But still.Anyway, I don't know if I've just had bad luck twice or if it's the design of this particular phone, but I am completely displeased. I don't load the phone down with apps and I only download trusted apps from the Android Market (horribly renamed Google Play). I have many friends with Smartphones and they do not encounter these problems even while using far more apps than me.[UPDATE] My third one arrived and it was no better. Required frequent restarts, which eventually led to my custom case cracking open (as they're not designed for daily popping). Just a complete piece of garbage. The kicker, though, was when my daughter was having a medical situation and the phone failed. I'll put the tl;dr version below, but long story short, I went back to Verizon, they refused to give me a different phone, so I downgraded back to my old "dumb phone" and their cheapest plan. They'd have made much more money if they'd just given me a refurbed smartphone that wasn't garbage. But that would be logical, not business-like.Long story: My daughter had a scooter accident. I made a call to a medical professional/friend who asked me to send a picture of the wound in order to make a recommendation of going to get stitches or just home bandaging. I ended the call and attempted to open the camera app. Nothing. Restarted the phone, tried to open the camera app. Nothing. Gave up and decided to call him back, several minutes having passed by this point. Nothing. I couldn't even make a call! I restarted the phone again. By this point, she's in full freak-out mode and it's been like 10 minutes. Skip to the end, she went to the doc and all ended well. However, if this had been a more serious emergency and my phone failed... it could have been devastating. Completely unacceptable. When I told the salesman at Verizon, he was a completely uncaring. Nothing they could do but send me a FORTH Droid X2. Pass. And I'll try a new carrier when my contract is up. Eight years isn't loyalty to them, apparently.

I am enjoying the features and call quality of this phone. If you are new to Smartphones like me, buy this one while it is still available.

I am very disappointed with this phone, it is incredibly slow! The Droid X2 works okay as just a phone without needing to access internet but even that part has been starting to drag. I would not recommend this specific model of phone.

Normally i would rate the phone 4 stars.. This one 1 star. I recieved a faulty phone so i dont really know how it works or how to get a new one for free...doesnt even work

I got my Droid X2 as an upgrade for my Droid X which may still work had I not dropped it from 14 feet. Even with the Otter case, although it still worked, often when I hit text, my camera opened.The only difference between the DX and DX 2 are the dual core processor on the latter - and the lack of the physical camera button. Not a biggie as the camera sucks anyway. I have a DSLR for photos.The phone is great; very responsive. I found on my old one, I had a tendency to overload it with apps. Not only did it drain the battery, but too much RAM was used and it slowed the phone down.Found a new battery every year also helps. After a while, they just don't hold a charge anymore. They are not expensive here @ Amazon.All the accessories (charger, Otter case, etc) works from the original Droid.Lots of options with this phone. It has seven (7) home screens to customize. I used one for contacts THE home screen; and other for groups of apps. ...theme pages. One has maps and navigation, one voice command and personal assistants, one Weather, Facebook and text widgets and a calendar and post-it note page each. Like I said - very customizable.This is the GSM version and I use it with Kitty Wireless - a Verizon carrier in the U.S.Much better reception than my old DX as far as signal strength. Three bars in my house. I had one previously (none with ATT).People complain about [most] smartphones not holding a charge - blah, blah - just charge it every evening and you're good to go. I keep an extra battery with me, but also give it a quick late afternoon car-charge on the ride home. No phone will last 24 hours with use. None.All in all, a wonderful phone for about a 100 bucks or so. Not he latest technology but has enough bells and whistles for me and I'm a techie.No way I would shell out hundreds for an iphone when Android works like this and most apps are fee or cost a buck or two. I don't have a contract - go month to month with Kitty Wireless for $30. Pleny of talk and text time plus data if you watch it.

I don't have any major problems with this phone except for how slow it is. Tis mostly occurs in music and pictures. My music will stop halfway through, pandora app will just close other than those two problems I am fairly satisfied with the phone.

Any phones from APPLE WIRELESS are "REFURBISHED" keep that in mind. Phone never performed like a new phone. I guess some guy refurbish these piece of shit phones out of his room at his mom's house. DON'T BUY. ATLEAST NOT FROM APPLEWIRELESS!!!!!!!

The camera on this phone has never worked. The battery was so weak that i had to order a new one.

Bought for my son.  He loves it.  I will be getting one for myself in the near future.  Product just as described and was delivered as promised.  Very pleased.

Great phone.  Like brand new.  Didn't come with a sem card but I already had one.  Good product, and cheap as dirt.

bad esn was on verizon wireless lost or stolen list. I had to send it back to the user, I was so unsatisfied after waiting and then when I received it, it was no use to me

I purchased this phone to use with Tracphone service, now that they are accommodating devices other than what they sell directly.  While it does not include all of the latest technology, it is far better than what Tracphone has been offering.  So far, it has met all of my expectations.  My only complaint is with the original battery.  It would barely last two days with minimal usage.  After obtaining an extended battery and extended battery cover, the phone stayed charged for five days.

the phone was in good condition no scratches on the screen and i was able to connect it with no problems

This is a great phone.  I have mine flashed to Cricket service and can use it anywhere.  I travel to southern Cali and can use the google maps and nav the whole way and around town.  The droid x and x2 have be my most reliable phones I have ever owned.

good 3 g phone had droid x  befor fixed alot of flaws with it with x2. still freezes up every once in awhile but really good phone

Phone freezes all the time battery life is not good and the phone is not something that people should sell if it has problems

I like this Phone, I did my research before i made a purchase and I am satisfied. this i an average phone but a very good price. good for light everyday tasks, has an FM radio reciever built in, requires headphones as an antennae. has mobile hotspot dual core 1 ghz processor 512 mb ram and android 2.3.5 Gingerbread. the Motorola skin, MotoBlur i believe is its name is fairly simple yet full of features. this phone can be used with straight talk, for a replacement smartphone or a starter, or just to have above minimum of todays technology this phone will be your best option on verizons service. loads apps fast, sleek design and compared to todays phones, its still very useful even for an older android. you will be happy with this phone if you are familiar with android or new to the android community.

Rugged phone and does most of what I need.  A little slow to process information and the internet crawls very slowly.  But great at making calls, etc.

I love my DROIDX 2. It's not to big or to small. It has alot of great features that i enjoy using.plus it takes great pictures..  No contract makes it even better. If you don't have one get one!

great phone would buy it again love droid products not a big apple fan droid knows how to build phones

This is my fiance's first smartphone & so far he really likes it.  The only issue he has had is that the speaker phone function works on & off.  It is a 50/50 chance on whether it works or not.

Very clean phone...no scratches on screen, buttons all work good. This was a excellent buy and fast shipping from Sooner elec. out of Oklahoma. You guys are the best. Rooted this to Jellybean and love it. Kudos to Sooner electronics !

Camera is AWESOME, video camera is even better. App download speeds are awesome, expandable memory and a card included YAYCons: When you multitask the battery is killed fast.Summary: I got this phone 2 hrs ago, but I can say, after playing around with it for about a day now in store and now, it is one of the best phones I'VE had (now that I received it)First, the camera is JUST AMAZING. I had an iPhone 4 before, and as you know it has a 5 MP camera. This has an 8. It looks much better. I really don't have any complaints on the camera.The speakers sound awesome. I downloaded some songs from windows media to the phone, and played them back while I went jogging this morning, and without headphones, and some guys lawn mower running LOL, I could still hear the music perfectly fine.I have one small issue with the battery going down, if I'm listening to Pandora and texting at the same time the battery life decreases fast. I may have to get the extended battery. Besides this, I love my phone, and love Android

Phone came new, in box with original plastic still on screen. Has original battery, original wall charger and even had an aftermarket car charger! Started to activate, but decided against that until I get screen protectors. If you like the x2 then buy from this seller, you cannot go wrong!

On the Motorola You save the day Great phone thank you and serves was on time again thank you SO Much !!!!!!!!!!!

I purchased this phone for my son and he really likes it . It's a good  phone. I had bought one from a different seller but had a defect.  But Amazon made good on it so I got this one and so far it's been a great phone..

Phone is great, only problem is it that I just about get a full day on the battery ( with only minimal use).

Great.  No problem.

Do not buy this phone! Every single time I use this phone I must have patience because the phone is so freaking slow. When I text I have to wait for the letters to catch up. When I use the internet I have to wait for the page to load and then when it does load the browser will sometimes close out. The picture taking app doesn't take clear pictures. The texting app is constantly giving me the option to foreclose or wait. This phone sux! Although, the sound quality and screen size are terrific. Oh yea, and the micro usb charge slot has a flaw. I have to constantly reposition the cable in order for the phone to charge. As I previously state, your patience will always be tested with this piece of junk.

I usually love Motorola phones, but this one is disappointing. The processor time is extremely long. It just shuts off at any given time. 6 months is ridiculous for a $200+ phone. I think I received a brand new phone, but it has worked like an old phone. It was in a sealed box, there were no defects, etc. But it has been giving me problems since about 45 days after I got it. I'm not sure who to be unhappy with. But either way, I won't be buying another Motorola phone.

Having owned this phone for quite a long time now (my wife has used it for 4 years now), I will say that this phone has been a very reliable phone for us. It has held up from the drops and oops and still keeps going strong. The biggest disadvantage today for this phone is that you are limited to what version of Android your carrier decides to stop at before no longer upgrading. It is well capable of handling the later versions of the android operating system but unfortunately for us, our carrier has discontinued android OS updates for the X2 at 2.3. But if you are willing to live with that then this phone is a good reliable choice. Battery life is good but like most batteries these days, they start to dwindle in lifespan after a couple years and you are stuck at either upgrading or spending a premium for Motorola's replacement battery.This phone is good for a replacement phone that you don't want to pay an outrageous price for or you don't want to renew a contract.  Having owned this and the original droid and both lasted a long time, the major difference between the two is that the X2 is a bit faster overall that the original droid, but with either one you can't go wrong with a reliable phone.

I purchased this refurbished phone to use on Tracfone service.  Tracfone puts stringent stipulations on the phones that can be activated on their service.  I was able to work with the seller in order to get a phone that meets Tracfone's requirements.  The seller was able to provide such a device and promised that it was in pristine condition.The phone arrived in a couple of days and in the pristine condition that was promised.

This was a gift for my son, I think he loves it.  I haven't heard any complaints, so I am assuming it is great

The phone is nice and all but it is really slow when making a call please let me know why it is doing that so I can get it fixed thanks

very pleased with this phone i bought it for my son and he loves it!! Happy Birthday to my son!!

I purchased this phone for a present for my sister. When she tried to activate it, the rep found out the phone was stolen. HOW EMBARRASSING!!! So I sent them an email thinking that they would send another phone out ASAP. Oh no, its a 90 grace period and then i have to pay for it to get shipped out of my own pocket. I mean what kind of sense does that make. Im so upset right now. Its aweful. I thought that Amazon ensures that its mercharts are legit. I guess i was wrong. This is the only problem i have had in almost 3 years with Amazon and i hope i dont have to deal with it again. My advice would just be cautious when buying phones from sites that are not provided by the phones carrier. I KNOW THE NEXT TIME

Basically just bummed. Received the phone & it looked nice & new but I wasn't ever able to get it to work & had to send it back. the company refunded me promptly, but I had asked for a replacement

I liked that the package was sent to me neat and undamaged. I enjoy using my new phone and hope that in the future that others will want this same phone from the same buyer.

I bough this phone &#34;brand new&#34; and you can definitely tell that it is not new whatsoever, the phone and all the contents were thrown together in a box and shipped like that. The phone appears to have some marks of usage, which if it is a brand new phone it shouldnt, but i could care less about all that... What got to me was the fact that the phone screen is pretty much faulty and i can barely be on it for 1 minute before it starts glitching out like crazy then i have to lock it then unlock it to get it to return to the screen i was originally on. I would love to keep this phone but when i buy a brand new phone i expect it to be BRAND NEW! I am very upset with this product and based on other reviews and comments all of the phones from this seller are faulty in some way... everyone seems to be having a different problem... i will be sending my phone back and try to get another NEW one like i paid for the first time.... if the seller reads this please email me

received it quick, it was in better shape than I expected and works wonderful. AND I did not have to change my plan! Thanks so much for the phone

My first smart phone, and I'm still learning just what it can do.  Was not 'cleaned' before I got it, so had to remove the previous users info, but that helped me learn how to use it more quickly.  Only a bit of wear on the battery door, everything else looked great.  Activated easily with my prepaid carrier.

This is a great phone. It picks up and talks better than my old smart phone.The phone was new as described .

Phone was activated on another contract and it couldn't be activated and won't let me get passed the setup screen. Waste of time and money. Will NOT be purchasing from this seller again. Highly disappointed.

I put this phone on my wish list along with others I wa that I'm plaining on buying this Friday.I see some peoples made good and bad comments about the droid x2 I really want this phone I'm hoping I'm making a good choice.I already have a no contrack smart phone with Verizon.I'm praying when I buy this phone Friday I can keep my same number and transfer every thing to this phone.I would like to know more about this droid x2 I hope it bigger then the phone I already have because I have bad eyes some times my eyes hurt if I'm trying to read small words with the phone I have.I really want this phone.I hope its bigger and better.I already brought a case for this phone because I know I'm going to buy it.thats why I want to know more about it.some peoples say they had to return it I hope I don't.I believe I'm maken a good choice.I will give amazon five stars if this phone work good with good comment.I do love amazon plus I'm FINA buy to laptop from here also.please let me know more about this phone. I don't wanna waist my money.

As advertised. I bought it slightly used and it was. Still in perfect working condition. Bought it for my wife for Christmas and she has no complaints, in fact she loves it.

This was suppose to be a refurbished phone. The battery and phone indicated it had been wet and the battery would only stay charged for 30 min.

I switched to page plus after determining what was most important to me as far as service was concerned. I picked up this phone and it has passed my expectation. It handles everything I need.

I love the phone its everything i expected and the shipping was quick and packaged very well. I would reccomend this phone to any one looking for a great smartphone

Battery life is horrible. When the phone was delivered, it was supposed to have been brand new, battery as well. The second day of using/having it the battery started dying out. I don't have apps running either. Never again!!!

I think this is a horrible phone. To date, I have had these issues:-Failure to allow me to accept incoming calls.-Failure to notify me of received text.-Stutters like crazy when trying to play audio off either internal memory or via streaming. (Lots of people have this issue, Google it.)-Lag. Serious lag. I hope I never have to call 911, because it'll take me five stinking minutes. You can't tell this phone is a dual core. It's way more laggy than the single core phone I had before it.

I love it!!!!

Horrible, just horrible phone. Only owned it for 4 months. Had to fight the temptation to throw it out the window. Ended up getting an LG Spectrum 2 and that phone is awesome. I have owned 3 droid phones, I thnk its time for Motorola to hang it up and make new things.

its better and faster and now it rooted running modded stock no bloatware,and it's on pageplus Better than evo 4g from sprint

The product was received at the time promised.  The description said like new...and it was.  I was very leary due to past experiences with buying product from Amazon, and never receiving product.  I was pleasantly suprised with what I received.  Thank you

upgraded to a newer phone that had more features than old cell phone  pics are more detailed its a step up

I didnt like this phone at all was constantly messing up always having to reset it I'll never own another one

This phone has been great. If you are looking for the best bang for you buck on an Android OS, 3G Smartphone, this is it. Although I can't say Motorola is the best hardware available in smartphones they do have value when you consider the screen size/CPU/and other stats on the phone it is the best stats you can get in the under $300 price range. I did a LOT of research before deciding on this phone. My provider is pagepluswireless which is a prepaid cell phone company and they only have a 3G capable network so I needed a phone that was 3G and not 4G. I found this to be the best price/spec/screen size phone for what I wanted. Only real drawback is the stock battery is really bad, goes dead in about 30 minutes of the screen being lit. I bought an extended battery and new battery cover for it for about $17 on Amazon here and that has worked great. Battery life is now excellent. If you are into doing custom ROM's and rooting your phone then this phone is awesome for that as well, there is a lot of aftermarket and custom support for the X2, get it while you can! :P

as good as the later models except for one thing: battery life.  overall very good - glad I did not buy a new one from Verizon after I lost my original phone.

Like the phone but it freezes up sometimes and i cant play my youtube and the videos sent to me wont download

Good phone for the price. Although it has extensive apps (G3) it provides first and foremost what most are looking for: good, reliable cell phone calls. Also, not tied directly to Verizon and expensive up front plans - with a compatible network, as I found, can get month to month lower rates and can opt out- calnative1

needed a new phone to activate with pageplus. Did a lot of research before actually deciding on buying this phone. It came in the mail sooner then expected in great condition. the only two things was that the battery didn't last very long and the charger that it came with didn't work. Other then that the phone was excellent.

The phone arrived so soon after I ordered it that I thought it was something else! When they say "ment," that is exactly what they mean. I got the phone & the charger & I'm very happy with it. The speakers suck compared to my old phone, but I guess you can't have everything... Overall, I got what I wanted way quicker than expected & it was in perfect condition!

It said it was new, but really not. It is very slow &going freezes a great deal or won't allow me to text back in response.

I was a little nervous ordering a no contract phone for a Christmas gift......what if it didn't work?? This phone was perfect! Shipping was quick and it is in perfect condition. Made a very happy christmas!

I have owned this phone for nearly a year and am quite satisfied.  Its processing capabilities, the phone's functionality, the variety of Android apps compatible with it, are all good reasons for me to keep this phone.  If it experiences the occasional gliche with the camera, I can always revitalize it by programming it or reinstalling.  I am careful to clear the cache of apps located in the Application  Manager.  I am impressed with the breadth and functionality of apps available at low or no cost. For my needs, this phone is a gem.

LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!!! I have had many phones in my lifetime & this one is by far the best one yet!

I got tired of all the phone companies screwing me over with inflated service rates to subsidize phones and then saying nothing when when I finished my contract and they kept charging the same inflated rates.  I did some research to find a decent phone that was about 2 years old, that is when prices drop quite a bit.  Everything about this phone looked good.  I did some more research and I found out about PagePlus.  No contracts and they use the Verizon network, so you get the best nationwide coverage.I bought the Droid X2 and activated the phone on PagePlus.  I put in a 32GB memory card and I was a happy camper.  This has a dual core processor, which is good.  The one big disappointment is that it only has 521mb of memory.  That limits which OS you can run on this phone.  This phone could really use the extra RAM to make it fly.The display on this phone is quite nice.  The camera works ok, but that's about it.  The GPS function is pretty good too.  Overall I am happy with the phone.  If you don't need the latest Android OS, this is a solid buy.August 2013 update.I've lived with this phone a lot longer now and wanted to do a quick update.  As others have pointed out this phone will occasionally re-boot itself.  I'm not sure why and I have not noticed any real pattern to it.  It doesn't do it often enough to really bother me, but it does happen.  The other thing I have noticed is that the touch screen is also not always responsive.  Sometimes I touch and icon and it does nothing.  I need to do it multiple times to get it to react.  A bit annoying.  I have noticed that a reboot will resolve the issue for a while.  I really wish this phone had 1gb of ram instead of 512k, I think it would fix many of the issues.  Even with these problems, I still like the phone and think at the price I got it, $80 used, it is a good phone.

I do not use a lot of apps and wanted a phone that would work with Verizon for Straight Talk wireless without shelling out a lot of money. I get great service, even in below-ground parking levels and mechanical rooms at work. The camera is very good for a phone-camera: 8MP, quality sensor, strong flash, and video looks pretty good. It has a sensor by ear speaker so when you use the phone it turns off the screen to prevent you hitting buttons unintentionally and hanging up on people or making wrong choices on automated menus. Battery is good for a couple days if you don't use it too much. It is WAY faster than my Blackberry for browsing internet. Overall I have been very happy with this phone.

I bought this phone 2 years ago brand new for $200 with a contract, around $600 without I believe. The reason Motorola made a big deal about this phone is because it ran on a dual core processor. When I get a phone, I run the hell out of it to see what it can do. I try to run several apps and everything on full settings. I did this to my X2 to see response rates and battery life. I got my phone to full charge and played a game. Within 30 minutes the battery was dead. Games will decrease your battery life, I understand, but with my sister's old galaxy (single core) we did the same test and it lasted a couple hours at full settings on an HD game. Battery was not the only issue. With it being a dual core I at least expected it to out-perform the old galaxy, but it didn't. It will lag and become almost unresponsive at times, not just in games, but even with large widgets on my background I can barely switch pages on my home screen. I believe this is no better a phone than the original X. Some even claim it is worse. Only reason I even give it 2 stars is because of the droid name, and the outer appearance. I still have faith in the motorola droids. I will be buying another droid, just hope it doesn't end up like this one.

I needed a new phone because mine was all kinds of stupid. After looking through a bunch of phones (I have a service plan that allows me to have pretty much any non-4G phone) this is the one that my heart was set on. It's got a good size screen for typing. The volume is super loud at its loudest. It takes good pictures and charges pretty fast. It keeps a charge well, but if you are constantly using it it will drain. My biggest complaint is that it comes with a bunch of apps already that you can't take off and that I don't need. They just take up space I could be using for other things. Still, it's a good phone. Also, I ordered this phone on a Sunday night, it shipped Monday, I got it Tuesday. This is all with standard shipping!

It was not new as stated and I returned it.  Was in aftermarket generic Verizon packaging and already had returned one that was defective.

This phone has access to the android market which enables you to download pretty much everything you want. The picture quality on this phone is pretty decent. You have access to Google maps and directions, which is nice. This phone may not be as sleek and thin as the iphone nor does it have Suri, but I'd say this phone has pretty comparable features.  It comes pre-loaded with Office, radio, social media, alarm clock, calculator, and many other popular features.  It has everything that you would want out of the more expensive phones.If you're looking for an inexpensive basic smartphone, you won't regret buying this one.

I absolutely hate this phone and can not wait to get it out of my life and take a sledge hammer to it. I want to do this daily. It is by far the worst phone I have ever had. Its slow, hangs up, takes way too long most of the time to do anything I want it to do. When it gets hot out and its close to my body (in pocket) I guess the moisture screws with it and you can't get the screen to react to touching it so it becomes useless. I have to pull the battery and reset the phone daily. It takes a good 6 minuets to reboot each time. This phone is total crap don't even come close to thinking about getting this phone you will completely regret it. I have had this phone over a year and life has sucked.

As listed brand new. Fast delivery. I had no issues ....ordered late on a Saturday, got it Tuesday. No factory screen protector included (my last droid came with one) so I would order some with it. Thanks , hope you have the same experience.

This phone is perfect the only complaint is the battery life I have to charge it a few times a day but I am gone a little more than 12 hours a day but if you use for calling or texting and some Internet here and there then the battery will last at least 8 hours but if you get on Facebook or the Internet quite a bit it will die with in 4 hours but other than that this phone was perfect for the price the screen is big how I like it the camera is sweet I dropped it once and the phone shut off and instantly turned its self back on and It took a minute but I got my straight talk service to work with it but I had to call them which wasn't to bad so hell ya it's awesome

I got this phone as a replacement for my smartphone that my two year old dropped and broke. I had insurance on my phone and I was shocked that Verizon was trying to charge me $125 for a replacement phone. I found these guys on amazon selling it used for under $60 dollars and I jumped on it. This phone is a half step slower than my old phone the 512MB of ram really shows when you try to multi-task. The dual-core processor really helps speed along single tasking and thats where this phone is bearable. This is a good enough phone to hold you over till your next upgrade. It was a pain and a half but I followed 2 youtube videos that showed me step by step how to root this phone and then load cyanogenmod on it so that I could enjoy android 4.1.2 on this phone which adds support for google now, google keyboard, google sound search and alot of the features I was already used to. I could not fathom using this phone on a daily basis with the stock android 2.3.4 you will notice that alot of your favorite apps will either be incompatible or even if you get them to install they will operate very slow and then crash anyway. This is a replacement phone not an everyday phone anymore.

Phone works great definitely an upgrade over my previous Droid.Using Pageplus over verizon network so I have a $12/month phone bill

I like this cell phone. Its close to the one have now. It works great. Once I got all my needs taken care of, I am HAPPY. I still need a shell for it. I thought I found one, BUT, it didn't work for me. Charging the cell phone should be easy, BUT, its Not. The shell is blocking the usb port, Half in, half out. It then come loose. NO charging. Otherwise, cell works. Thanks Edward F.

HATE this phone! It's incredibly slow. The battery is terrible. Even with this phone on standby, no apps running, not talking on it at all; it dies in just a few hours. Half the time I couldn't make phone calls. A lot of the time it took it more than 2-3 minutes for it to place a call. The apps would often close on their own. The phone would randomly just shut down. If I could rate it with zero stars, I would! Its definitely NOT THE SELLERS FAULT!  It's manufacturing. Whatever you do, don't buy this phone! The original Droid X however is fantastic!

Excellent phone to use on page plus. Too bad a 4g can't b use on page plus, though

I got it under 7 days im useing it  to rate this right now :) thank you i hade the worst phone befor this lol

The phone did not come with a charger of any kind. It really sucks that on the picture there is somekind of charger but I got nothing I had to buy one. The phone itself look tho as it were repaired and not 100% repaired when i pick up an app I get wierd colors and a box around it, until today I have not seen an android smart phone with this I took it to a phone specialist and told me that the phone was repaired but not properly.

The phone became defective after having it for 2 days, created an error message and would not turn on. Then sent the phone back to be replaced or get a rebate and have yet to get a rebate. This has been the worst experience EVER!  Makes me NOT want to purchase electronics from outside vendors!!

Great buy and fast delivery. Phone arrived as described packaged new in the box with chrger and cd manual. I called Verizon to swap the ESN numbers, no issues on Verizon side as to buying the phone on Amazon. So all worked out great!The phone is working without any issues.Thanks

Bought this to replace an old phone.  I works great and stands up to abuse pretty well.  After 6 months the battery dies within 6 hours with moderate use. (But that's not really the phones fault.)

I purchased this phone for my son and he seems to like it just fine.  No complaints and it does everything he needs it to do.

This phone is ok but the battery life on thephone  horrible it takes forever to charge and and won't hold it for very long at all
