
Last June I purchased from Venezuela for gift through Amazon to your company two cell phones BlackBerry Torch 9860. What was my surprise, than to let one of them IMEI: 6340 present failures on the microphone and the charging port, does not currently work. It is regrettable that send me a phone with a serious injury, it seems to me a lack of respect with its customers.

This product meets my expectations, very good phone, according to the characteristics described. I am using it in Venezuela Digitel 3G browsing as it comes with bands 1,4,8

This was by far the worst phone I have ever had. It olny lasted 4 months before everything crashed. I have sent this phone in for reparis twice totaling a cost of over $300. I have had Blackberries since they came out. I will never purchase another one.

First of all, I used to be bb fan, but after tried my Samsung Galaxy S2, EVERYTHING CHANGE!!! now I say... "why did I waste my time before with bb?" lol... But I need bb for my work, cuz my chief has one, and do not use droid and whatsapp, so I had to buy the best bb in the market so far, this...CONS1. Looks cheap, I mean it! is like a plastic cellphone toy...2. It has its times!! sometimes became slow and freeze...3. Camera 5mp, its not bad but not amazing, compared to my Samsung Galaxy S2 cam, I'm going to post image comparing pictures taken without edit!4. More of the same5. Very expensive for what it isPROS1. Best BB in the market so far2. Liquid Graphics look cool and bright! (compared with other BBs ONLY, cuz if I compare this with Samsung Galaxy S2, I rate this 1 star lol)3. BB OS 7 gives a PLUS to this device4. Is lighter than other BB's

works with 3G bands 1,2,5,6 3G only works on 3G Movilnet Movistar and Digitel NO RAISES 3G  BUT GOES WELL .ONLY HAS 2.5 INTERNAL MEMORYI BOUGHT IT WITH SurgeTelecom I RECOMEND ITI especially like this model of blackberry hahaha I love and recommend. I write from Venezuela, Puerto La Cruz.trabaja con bandas 3G 1,2,5,6 3G s&oacute;lo funciona en 3G Movistar Movilnet y Digitel NO LEVANTA 3G pero va bien.SOLO TIENE 2,5 MEMORIA INTERNALo compr&eacute; con SurgeTelecom lo recomiendoMe gusta especialmente este modelo de blackberry jajajaja me encanta y lo recomiendo. Yo escribo desde Venezuela, Puerto La Cruz.

great cellphone

good morning, unfortunately the product blackberry not get to my destination was lost at the office of Venezuela, thanks to all the tlf menera loved me .....

The cellphone is really cool, this if you like blackberrys, the touch screen is not a problem, cause the auto correction works great on it (at least better than how it works on Ipad), it's my first touch screen cellphone, and i'm not having any troubles getting adapted to it. The only one problem is that it doesn't works on my country (I'm from Ecuador) in 3G, but the rest, it works perfect.

I have the torch 9810 and just recieved the new all touch torch and I hate it. I miss the blackberry keyboard and the phone to me is just ugly and I don't particularly like the new OS 7.I am going to stick to my sleek slider 9810 and sell this disappointment soon.If you love the blackberry friendliness and the very smooth keyboard don't get the new torch go for the original. The 9810 is cheaper anyways. And it looks and functions 10 times better!!

buen celular, pantalla no muy amigable, hay que tener un poco de paciencia al momento de escribir un correo electronico, toca digitar despacio

If you are a BB die hard, or on a BES this is one of the 3 top of the line BBs.  If you're not - it's a waste of money.  Any other phone in this price class has a glass screen (plastic?  really RIM?); a front facing camera no BB has this; at least 8 gigs of application storage (256 megs after OS load is a joke; WIFI hot spot....  In fact there are so many devices in this price range that have dual core CPU's and 4G that one wonders how much the profit margin is on this phone.  Compare this to the 9900 - a really nice glass screen (though tiny) aluminum band around the midlle.  The raised plastic buttons make this thing as ugly as sin.*So the plastic has held up pretty well - but still not as nice as glass.As for software.  * Software updates, addittions to older programs (BBM now has voice calls) and new programs BB Navigation, have brought the software side up to where it should have been 2 years ago.  Just in time for the release of the Z-10.It's blackberry 5.0 + 2.  Nothing really new or creative here.  The web browsing is better and almost on par with the other platforms.  But there will be NO THEMES for OS7, the new hardware broke the theme studio and it can not be fixed.  There will be no upgrade to BBX -which will be out in less than a year, and as such there will be little in the way of app development for this platform. It has no flash support, and it never will.  Most of the web animation and video is still flash based and so this device will never give you the full web experience.Performance - *Again - OS fixes have really helped,but its underlying programming is this devices downfall.  Much like its true predecessor the Storm line (which by the by had a much better fit and finish), the device has its moments.  And it can be fast, but it is still based on a Java Kernel that was built around the time Reagan/Bush was in the White House.  Try to load a Java heavy web page and the phone will hour glass.  For e-mail, facebook, texting and accessing some music or pictures - this device works just fine.  But I need to ask why would one spend the same money for a an Alien Ware gaming PC as for an e-machines bargain bin PC?

IS THIS CELL AT&T ??? THE BOG QUESTION. I'M FROM ECUADOR PLEASE HELP ME ABOUT IT  THANKS. BECAUSE IS THE ONLY CARRIER THAT I NEED

I bought my phone in January 2012.  It worked well for the next 10 months.  Since then, I have had to have the buttons cleaned several times.  After talking on a call I can't hang up.  I'm losing money by added time going to the phone company because I can't hang up. I can't transfer from different topics on the menu without getting frustrated. Whenever I sync my phone and laptop the time always needs to be reset.  This is very annoying.  I'm now looking for a phone without buttons - only touch screen.  Maybe Samsung.

I got the phone 2 days back, the battery is so worst in stand by it did nt last 24 hrs, i heard songs(just audio songs stored in phone) it died in 2 hr. i am gonna return it soon... waiting for the reply from seller...

cell works only as a cell to call and send text messages! was purchased from hp electronics and the description said working under the bands 1,4,8. then the cell interior reflects its software working under 1,2,5,6 bands  for 3G but bands dectected are in a prehistoric UMTS band 2G. roughly seller told me he had to ask before you buy, but if they dictate product specifications is because that is reliable, but also the seller told me if I did not like it back it as if from Venezuela that was something easy! not recommend the phone because it is also not new it's refurbished! choose another model blackberry.espa&ntilde;ol: celular no sirve sino como un equipo para llamar y enviar mensajes de texto! fue comprado a hp electronics y en la descripcion decia que trabajaba bajo las bandas 1,4,8. luego el celular en su software interior refleja que trabaja bajo las bandas 1,2,5,6 pero que no dectecta bandas  3G solo en una prehistorica banda umts 2G. groceramente este vendedor me dijo que tenia que preguntar antes de comprar, pero si ellos dictan las especificaciones del producto es porque eso es fiable, pero no, ademas que si no me gustaba que lo devolviera como que si desde venezuela eso fuera algo facil! no recomiendo el telefono porque ademas no es nuevo es refurbished! elijan otro modelo blackberry.

The 9860 is a wonderful phone...very powerful processor and the new OS7 is great. If you have never used an all touch screen phone and only use the BlackBerry keyboard there is a learning curve to it. I never had a all touch screen phone before but I love this one. I upgraded from the 9780 and this is a considerable improvement.

excelente telefono gran pantalla, totalmente tactil, con 4 gb de memoria interna, sistema operativo 7, desbloqueado para cualquier operadora en Venezuela, lo recomiendo ampliamnete, muy rapido, me gusta mucho

este celular es muy hermoso para cualquier uso que uno desee en el momento de tenerlo... les recomiendo es muy practico

Blackberry Torch 9860 Unlocked Phone with 4GB Internal Memory, Blackberry OS 7, 3G and 5MP Camera - International Version (Black)This was my 3rd Blackberry.I like Blackberry Phones for the same reason they became so popular in the first place; the QWERTY keyboard and simple utilitarian software designed for push email and Blackberry messaging along with web site access is easy and quick to use.This model is almost pure touch, there are however, four main physical keys and a track pad at the base of the touch screen. Some people may have wished for the phone to be completely touch in order to streamline it more like the Galaxy or the Iphone it is trying to compete with.On my phone I had issues with these key functions lagging and locking especially the go-back key. When I returned the phone under guarantee I was told it was not repairable and the technician at the service centre admitted this model suffers from this issue frequently.I used the guarantee refund voucher to buy a more expensive Galaxy Series 3 issued by the service agency to me for the Unrepairable Blackberry. My wife uses the Galaxy and I have gone back to my old QWERTY Blackberry.I get the general idea, particularly from the huge discount this model often retails for, (mine was about half its original price) that this phone has not been a great success for Blackberry.

I purchased this phone about 4 months ago and from the time of turning it on to present I have been waiting on it to stop periodically sticking, shutting down without provocation and alternating between over-sensitive to my touch and completely non-responsive. I deeply regret not putting a few extra hundreds and getting an unlocked iPhone or Samsung. I just find it hard to let go of my Blackberry messenger service.Other than those issues though I have no issue with call quality, the package did arrive on time and was well put together. All wasted on a phone that I want to throw in the garbage!

Best Blackberry I have owned to date.  World traveler, it has worked at every location, no dropped calls or problems with connecting to different service providers.  Uses the T-Moblie SIM state side and an international SIM when traveling.  Currently using a country specific SIM, connects everytime. (Text and Calls)  The phone is very responsive and easy to use.  Tethered to my 64G Blackberry Playbook, and also linked to my computer, keeps files, dates, appointments and reminders with no issues.  Blackberry is on the right path with this product.  Easier to access the battery, SIM and memory chip with the one touch removal of the rear case.  The only issue encountered was a one time drop and the rear case disconnected and the battery shot out, since, I purchased the skin and no futher issues.

it say's its unlocked but it does not work with my gsm sim so the fone is no use!!!i can't use the fone......

BandsSomeone tell me if Venezuela this team works with Movilnet and Movistar 3G, band HDSP 1900. thanks.Bandas de frecuenciasAlguien de venezuela que me diga si este equipo funciona 3G con Movilnet o Movistar , es decir banda hdsp 1900. Gracias

I purchase the blackberry 9860 from BLUTEKUSA, As  I place the battery and power up the phone it started sticking. A proximately Every Hour, I had to remove the battery to stop the phone from sticking.America and the Rest of the world. Please do not buy this handset.

Good MorningThe phone was purchased to specification was not what I received. The I received was the Blackberry Curve 9360. The mailbox that I received the shipment was confirmed that he had received.I thank the most help.regards

the phone came damaged which does not work with operators in my country Venezuela because the 3g network is blocked even when you tendered the phone as unlocked so too sometimes fails to maintain the sign of the sim card as it works it does so analog. currently do not you run social networking applications as bbpim, whatsapp.

The phone works very well, but I feel kind of disappointed because the phone came without north american charger format, also the phone must came with 8GB micro SD card inside as is discribed in blackberry web page, but it doesn't.

i realy loved this phone.... just as it is described... very good :D ... recomendation is to buy it ;)

excelente producto ojo Venezuela tienen que pedir es este modelo 9860 RDQ71UW  PREFERIBLEMENTE EN SURGEN TELECOM GRACIAS AL VENDODOR POR AMAVILIDAD Y SERIEDAD

Purchased this phone because I'd finally decided I wanted a touchscreen. I was a little leary about getting a BBM at first because the old versions take FIVE MIN to turn on--but I was pleasantly surprised.The newest version of the Torch doesn't take nearly as long as old versions to turn on (although it still takes a little longer than other phones) and its features are nice.The screen is sensitive and I usually turn it on its side to press keys in order to reduce typos.It works well with 4g speed and videos from youtube look awesome on its screen.I use it for everything- email, text, twitter, fb. The only thing that doesn't work well on this phone is Google+.I have to say I absolutely love this phone, and would be lost without it :)

Research in Motion got it right this time, moving from a Storm 2, i think this is the real deal and at that price -yes maybe even a better deal. I like the sensitivity of the touch not even the iphone has that.HIghly reccomendable

perfect.very good ,i like it very much.it is helpful to me .i think it is a item which is useful.

The order came sooner than I expected. The phone was as described. However, they listed a 4gb memory card that I haven't received

The phone works well for the most part. The camera and video recording is pretty decent. The only drawbacks I've experienced is the lack of flash support and the limited market for apps. Basic apps like Adobe Reader aren't supported. As a device touted for the business world, I would expect that at least certain common productivity software be available for installation.

This phone does not work in 3G. Ir does not work in all the bnds it claims. I can not make it owrk with my carrier. Do not buy.

It's like any other BB,with a twist. Fast renponsive, slim and light, ful capacitive for apps and files, pics, music, and others. Yes, plastic screen but that makes him lighter and equaly sensitive. It pair with 3G and wifi rapidly and efficently, fast browser with several tabs, video looks great and records in HD, best pictures ever taken with a phone and fast shot as well. If you're used to BB it's a must have, just get used to the full touch keyboard and that's it.

Unfortunately I receive the product starts but the phone turns itself off, will update the software to see if it was not being updated but continued with the same fault unfortunately lost my money. not recommend this seller

llego en excelente condiciones y al el tiempo requerido a mi sobrina le encanto, esta en excelente condiciones y a tiempo

hello i got a proble with the charger .. it's used  and got a little problem to charge. what could i do to get a new one..

Smartphone that I received has contained a breakaway part on a top, near power button.Works fine but I wold prefer do not have surprise like this.I tried to check if it possible to change skin for this, but skin is a part of screen and too expensive.

I have been using BB phones for the past three years, currently using torch 9800. Want to upgrade to 9860 and playbook. Any advice. Also does the IMEI number for the phone start with a 3?

Excellent product, time and quality reception than expected, I recommend esyot sumamnete satisfied.I am using in Venezuela with Movistar phone line and the computer is working on 3G networks.

este telefono va bn con la lineas movistar o movilnet de venezuela? es gsm/ 3g? me gustaria saber todo eso

BUENO TODO VIEN FUNCIONA DE MARAVILLA PAra venezuela lo recomiendo con los ojos serrado la entrega a tiempo confiable sa

Hello my question is that this phone operator is, I live in Venezuela and to buy must be AT & T, with GSM technology.

Blackberry are just that, Blackberries, the phone freezes at will and most of the apps comes with price. My opinion is there are better phones out there for the same price that can do a better job. Blackberry needs to fix their operating system!!

This Power Supply is an Excellent Product...This Power Supply is an Excellent Product...This Power Supply is an Excellent Product...This Power Supply is an Excellent Product...This Power Supply is an Excellent Product...This Power Supply is an Excellent Product...This Power Supply is an Excellent Product...

This blackberry came defective it keeps sticking at start up, I really  regret buying this phone because after spending so much money  it never worked. Why would a new phone be so unreliable .It either does not stay on for a minute or sticks forever at start up .This was a blatant rip off to me because no warranty was given I have to watch my  $ 240 go down the drain .This product should be pulled PLEASE DO NOT TAKE THE RISK OF BUYING.

Best Blackberry I have owned to date. World traveler, it has worked at every location, no dropped calls or problems with connecting to different service providers. Uses the T-Moblie SIM state side and an international SIM when traveling. Currently using a country specific SIM, connects everytime. (Text and Calls) The phone is very responsive and easy to use. Tethered to my 64G Blackberry Playbook, and also linked to my computer, keeps files, dates, appointments and reminders with no issues. Blackberry is on the right path with this product. Easier to access the battery, SIM and memory chip with the one touch removal of the rear case. The only issue encountered was a one time drop and the rear case disconnected and the battery shot out, since, I purchased the skin and no futher issues.

i really disappointed cause i love the futures in the phone but the phone been stucking already and i dont ave it 2months yet. so dats really disturbing

llego a caracas en muy buenas condiciones, con todos sus accesorios, me funciono muy bien. gracias los recomiendo para futuras compras.

nice phone, very powerful and super-sensitive touch screen. Under him one point for the battery does not last more than 8 hours full use.

The phone that you sell works in Bands 1,2,5,6 is not T-Mobile brand as this phone is not 3G in my country stands Venezuela, I need a phone with OEM logo, AT & T, Rogers lift the service Venezuela 3G in my country! thanks

Best Blackberry i buy, very fast, slim, light, great camara and amazing screen. Easier to access the battery, SIM and memory chip with the one touch removal of the rear case

I purchased this phone for my son and he love it, it  works with the Digicel sim perfect.This unlocked phone is the best.

Love the phone, great price, it arrive on time, works great, I bought this phone a bit worry, because I'm from Honduras, it work with every phone company its really unlock I'm happy!

lo uso  y est&aacute; intacto y flamante, muy rapido en navegaci&oacute;n no tiene nada que envidiar de los otros telefonos

This is a real good smartphone from BlackBerry.  It is the perfect size, and has a very fast processor with little lag.The battery lasts well over a day, with usage including imo (Skype), watching music videos off of the memory card I installed,email, some web browsing, and the occasional phone call.The browser is very good.  The screen is a bit smaller than some other full screen smartphones,but the benefit of that is the whole phone is smaller and very pocketable.Also since the battery is removable, I can carry a spare and not worry about running out of juice.(You can't remove an iPhone's battery)So far I like this more than my Bold 9900 which for some reason uses up more power than this.It has never frozen up so I'm not sure why other reviewers say it does.I'm guessing user error and they probably never updated the software like they are supposed to.My only complaint about the BB OS, is that there is no official Skype App, and no Netflix App for it.Hopefully the new BB10 phones coming out in 2013 will take care of that short fall.

Todo en orden y en excelente estado, el proveedor es muy serio y llego en el lapso de tiempo acordado.

This is my first BB phone. Just switched from iphone 4s. Its only been a week but I'm not very happy because this phone freezes a lot and the keys are not responsive fast enough. Also, not enough apps to download but once again I don't think I should compare to the iphone 4s. I think I just need to give it more time to get used to but overall its not a bad BB phone and hopefully I stick with it. The fact that I can use it anywhere in the world is what sold me on it. Will keep you guys posted 2 weeks from today.

Excelente producto, el equipo se recibio practicamente como nuevo, recomendado para futuras compras, en Ecuador el equipo es 100% confiable y habilitado para todas las operadoras

Article clearance was efficient, as the article is flawed when you turn this takes approx. 10 and reboots constantly.Blackberry Torch 9860 Unlocked Phone with 4GB Internal Memory, Blackberry OS 7, 3G and 5MP Camera - International Version (Black)0 star

Atencion Venezuela este telefono no sirve 3G para Digitel solo para Movistar y Movilnet. Me estafaron las especificacion no concuerdan

simply it is the device for the business person. a cell phone designed with business use in mind. also a touch of fun is there

el telefono vino usadoel telefono vino con la pila viejael telefono  no agarra 3g como deciael telefono vino sin la tarjeta de memoriay todo dice que esta usado de paso la caja dice un pin y el telefono dice otro

The best touch sensibility for a blacberry cell phone, good size, excellent design. I like the virtual keyboard size and a good vendor. And is unlocked I connect and power on with my chip and is ready to navigate and talk.

One star for a great phone? Harsh, but I think it is a disgrace that Blackberry can lie so blatantly on their published phone specifications about their battery life......They quote 15 days standby time: it's about 15 HOURS.....They quote 6.5hrs talktime: you might get an hour......Normal use, with screen permanently dimmed, wifi and blutooth switched off, GPS switched off, all apps closed, 50 min talk time, is half a day (longer if you don't actually use it).Others who are familiar with smartphones probably won't be surprised. I haven't had a smartphone before, I trusted the specifications. I was conned. How can they get away with lying on their spec sheets? What do we believe if we can't believe the spec sheets? One star is punishment for lying.Other than that it's a great phone. Probably 4 stars. I wouldn't have been so angry if they'd said up front that's what the battery life was. Why don't they instigate something like the standard 'urban' 'extra urban' fuel consumption standards on cars, and put their competitors' products through the same tests so they're not disadvantaged. Be the first to be honest and win market share Blackberry!Comments on other things:First rate typingThe ability to type fast on the touch screen, particularly with the well thought out "reduced keyboard", is phenomenal, and immediately intuitive - no learning curve. This is the number one feature for me.... but why does the keyboard automatically switch to multi-tap in email fields on contacts? I hate that. Change it please! I have to type emails in another field and cut and paste them into the email field which is faster.The layout and intuitive nature of all the controls is excellent.Camera is okbut why not let the intuitive button on the side of the phone be the photo-taking button? Then you could use it with one hand. And why does it sometimes just refuse to take a picture when you are pressing the button for a great, and fleeting shot? Stress! And of course the battery gets low and it won't take a picture then either. And why not allow zoom during video?Dialling is greatbut with two niggling, easy to solve flaws. (1) Currently you have 4 totally unnecessary keystrokes just to start typing the person's name when you open the phone app. Easy to fix: allow user to set which tab comes up first (keypad, recent or contacts), and on contacts tab open with cursor in the search box and the keyboard up. (2) Weird thing where if you start typing a person's name, they appear on the screen, and you hit their name on the screen, it jumps up and dials the person at the top of the screen. Maybe this is just a bug in my phone. It's damn irritating!Needs a force-quitOS needs an app like task manager in windows. There are nearly 60 hidden apps you can't delete running permanently in the background! Surely they aren't all necessary, and they use battery. An app showing app specific battery consumption and allowing you to force quit apps would be a dream.

Me llego el articulo  a Venezuela en excelentes condiciones! Un articulo de de calidad, totalmente satisfecho y Recomendado 100 %

I have to say RIM got it right with this model. This is the best blackberry ever! Sleek design, big screen with excellent display...Share review

I bought a Blackberry Torch 9860, I arrived in good condition and met all my expectations. I am delighted with the phone and the service provided by both Amazon and the seller Wireless Circle.Thanks for all the instructions and service.
