
Bought as a gift to the country abroad. Wasn't easy to activate there. After that they are very satisfied with this product

I have had the e61 and e71 before this, primarily due to the excellent keyboard.Primary apps I use are email, gmail, google maps, joikuspot, whatsapp, snaptu, skype and facebook.The included apps:Ovi maps - fairly slow and difficult to use, however great if you need pre-loaded maps without data connectionJoikuspot - great inclusion however does not have password protection compared to Joikuspot premium on e71Social app - pretty slow compared to my android phone, this could be improved as well as the UI, but if I need to I'll use this app, otherwise I use snaptu most of the timeSkype - great app however there is no version for nokia e6 yet, still waiting for the loudspeaker supportIn general it's a great phone, I type a lot more on my nokia e6 compared to my motorola droid 2 global, however android does have a lot of perks and updates coming in all the timeThe phone is pretty fast, could be faster.  The nokia e71/e72 seem to have better battery life on edge speeds (e6's power saving mode without dimmed screen)Pretty great upgrade as long as they tweak the apps a little, then I can stop carrying my droid 2 global phone.I do not use my phone to play games, mainly chat and business purposes.  It is a great feature to have global 3G bands, no other phone has that.  I would have gone with android phones if they had supported this.Symbian is still a great platform, just not investing the same way apple / google is approaching it.

I expected this to be the most optimal phone for my needs, it was not perfect (nothing is) but it was good and it did its job, until it started rebooting on me with no apparent reasons, 20 times in a day or even more. Rebooting is particularly frequent while on move (imagine you navigating and phone reboots, so bad, can even be cause for death). I was hoping that reboots were caused by some faulty software so I did hard reset on phone, but it did not helped, it was still rebooting. I have to return this phone. It looks like Nokia failed miserably with almost all its "smartphone" devices. I can tell that since I had experience with E6(failed), E7(failed), and 5800 (Where 5800 was not that bad - underpowered though). Others where complaining about N8. My wife has N900 however, and it looks like that is the BEST smartphone nokia ever made (it is hard to comprehend why nokia moving away from N900 and Maemo/MeGo devices, I guess big boys games matter more that "right thing to do for consumer"). Well, N9 perhaps could be ever better option to N900, but it seams N9 can be named as an orphan even before it is born. Alright, nokia smells with all its "inovations", lets see what samsung can offer.

This phone has great features, including very good battery life, offline maps, pretty decent camera, apps like skype and whatsapp... But the fact that it has no visual notifications for emails is ridiculous.

I bought an Nokia E6 unlocked GSM phone with touch screen, QWERTY keyboard (black)....  I asked the seller if this is an original manufactured product by Nokia , they said it was, but is not, the product they sold to me is made in china, the original product manufactured by Nokia is Finland made, also the included headset does not match the phone, so is useless, does not work, among other things, the phone this company sold to me is a FAKE ONE.Battery last only a few hours, even when is on standby, this comfirm that this  is a FAKE PRODUCTI can not make the claim, because the phone is in Peru (south america) the place that I live, will be cheaper to me throw away the phone and buy an original onePLEASE DO NOT BUY CELLPHONES FROM THIS SUPPLIER

I bought this phone after having used the Nokia Nuron and X2, which both had their faults but were generally good phones. The same can be said for the E6 because its construction, video playback ability, great display, and very comfortable keyboard. However, the web browser without true flash playback (flash lite is discontinued by Adobe) and pretty limited app store were disappointing. However, I knew all that before buying the phone. My true problem was that the device sent to me continued to power on and off without any manipulation by anyone. I would often hear it power down and restart when it was simply sitting in my car's passenger seat or on the shelf at home. Additionally, these restarts would cause some memory loss in the phone, including contacts, apps, etc. This was unacceptable, and therefore I had to send the phone back to the warehouse. The Amazon warehouse does not offer replacement, so I will have to simply find a different phone.

Nokia E6 Unlocked GSM Phone with Touchscreen, QWERTY Keyboard, Easy E-mail Setup, GPS Navigation, and 8 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)Fine Phone with easy touch, camera very good. However font too small for easy e-mail browsing.

I recieved my Nokia E6 four months ago and this is by far the best phone i ever purchased.Pros:-Battery life: like no other smartphone i've used before, i use this phone for emailing, facebooking, browsing the internet, listening to music, texting, calling, video recording, voice recording etc and the battery lasts up to 12 hours under heavy usage, on lighter days where i just text and listen music it lasts for about 2 days-Voice clarity: persons no longer complain about not hearing me properly now with this Active Noise Cancelling mic on this phone, it really works wonders for phone calls-Form Factor: the size and shape of the phone is a plus for anyone seeking a phone that's not too big nor too small, perfect for my big hands and it really intimidates the bb users i know :)-Camera: takes great pictures, no complains, (close up pictures won't be of great quality) and records video is true HD quality-Keyboard: close to perfection, i scarcely make mistakes even with my 'huge' fingers plus i type very fast on this-Home Screens: keeps me away from the menu since i can have everything i need by just switching home screens-Calender & Notes: keeps me very organized and prevents me from forgetting things i usually would since i have my to-do list constantly reminding me.-Videos: this rich display allows me to see videos in extremely good quality and the phone supports more video formats than phones i've used before so this saves me having to convert certain videos-WIFI: stays connected, very good range, and download speeds up to 200+ kbps-USB on the go: a definite plus, no need to plug your flash drive into the pc then transfer files to the phone-Text Messaging: the 'conversations' feature really organizes your messages and helps you keep up with previous text messages-Opera Mobile: a must have on this phone, should come as the default browserCons:-Charging: whenever trying to use the phone while it's charging (using the charger) it stops then starts back 'several' times: this is an indication that the charging port is slack (i just put the phone flat and use it to prevent this problem)-Fingerprints: i'm using the phone without a screen protector and it leaves traces of all fingerprints (i have some screen protectors on the way, that should fix the problem)-E-mail: 'sometimes' there is a lag in retrieving mails but this varies, when you're using a data plan to using wifi, wifi has faster and better retrieval timesAll in all, i highly recommend Nokia on any given day and to anyone looking for the best selection of phones out there. Same thing applies to the Nokia E6: Buy It!

I have owned Nokia Symbian smartphones since the 6682, and in the E-series, I have owned the E71 and E72.  I loved both the E71 and E72 phones, and I had very high expectations for their successor.  Many of my expectations were met, but the phone has several serious issues that prevented me from giving a higher rating.Form Factor & Build - 10/10- Nokia really did their homework when putting together this phone.  Symbian Anna is a nice evolution for a hybrid hard key and touch interface.  I was skeptical at first, but I'm now seamlessly using both.- The phone feels very solid, and it feels a little stronger in my hands than even the E71.  It is certainly sturdier than the E72.Battery Life - 10/10- Battery life is fantastic.  As with previous E-series phones, this phone was designed to go the distance.- The battery is proportionately large and makes up more than half the width of the phone.  I think that it was a good move on Nokia's part to get the extra hours and is a definite advantage over most touch screen phones.  As they were still able to keep the phone small, I would say it was worth putting in the larger battery.Keyboard - 6/10The Good:- I am a hardware keyboard addict, and I loath the cell phone industry's move to all-touch phones.- In terms of feel, the E6 has another solid portrait layout keyboard from Nokia.The Bad:- I can't believe they put the apostrophe as a function access on the `L.'  I would much rather have a thinner spacebar if I could still have a functional apostrophe - no question.  Though not as important as the apostrophe, the double quote and parentheses were relegated to function accessed keys as well.- The `Ctrl' key now has its own, coveted bottom row position, but what's the point?  The entire user guide only mentions it once, and it is supposed to help with copy and paste functionality.  I didn't even remember that my E72 had this key (it was a secondary function to the `silent mode' shortcut - something foolishly done away with in the E6).- The E6 has slightly raised keys, but Nokia got rid of the domed keys from the E72 which I preferred for typing speed.- The keyboard backlight has taken a step back from previous models.  By default, the backlight won't turn on in seemingly random situations and never turns on when entering the lock code - even in pitch black darkness.  When I first drafted this review, I gave the keyboard a 3/10.  After lots of digging and playing with settings, I found that the keyboard backlight is controlled by Menu>Settings>Phone>Display>Brightness.  If you turn the brightness setting above 50%, the keyboard and screen backlights work 10x better, and the keyboard backlight is on when typing the lock code!Screen - 9/10- The screen is beautifully detailed, the color appears accurate, and the black levels are very good.- The touch interface is remarkably good.  I have found it to be one of the more accurate touch screens I have used, and multitouch gestures work consistently.- I had to mark it down slightly because the default backlight setting is much too dim and gets even dimmer when the sensor deems it appropriate.  The screen is beautiful when the backlight is well-illuminated, but it's hard to read when it's often too dim at the default setting.- I immediately deactivated the touchscreen vibrations as they felt cheap and were noisy.Notifications - 5/10- I really miss the `breathing light' from the previous two phones.  This made the phone brilliantly easy to watch for the status of emails, sms, and calls even when the phone had to be completely silent during a meeting.  There is a menu setting to enable the breathing light (off by default), but it seems to have respiratory problems as it is dim and hard to view off-axis.- I have not had any problems with the vibration as reported by other users.  Symbian tailors vibrations to match audio tones even when the tones are turned off, and they might just need to make a tweak to get it working properly again.- The charging light is annoying, bright, and cannot be turned off in the settings menus.  I have to cover my phone when I place it on my nightstand.- Email notifications are abysmal - More on this later.Sensors - 8/10GPS: Seems to work well as in previous models and is able to quickly lock on a signal.Electronic Compass: This is a pretty slick new feature, but it seems to be a little off.  I have retried the built-in calibration every way I can think, and it still seems to be about 10degrees off.  It also doesn't notice if I turn the phone 180degrees.Accelerometer: I haven't found many practical uses for this feature on the Symbian Anna phone, and I quickly disabled the feature to deny calls or turn off my alarm by `turning' the phone.  This seems like a recipe for missing calls and oversleeping, and I'm surprised it is enabled by default without warning the user.Camera - 6/10- I would rather have fewer megapixels in exchange for better picture quality, and unfortunately Nokia decided to pack an unwieldy number of pixels (8MP) in the little E6.  To be honest, a close inspection of the pictures makes them appear as if they have been upconverted, but this could simply be a result of trying to rescue an image from a sensor with such tiny pixels.  The camera would be far better with half the megapixels, the E72's autofocus lens, and newer low-noise sensor technology rather than an 8MP pixel density on such a tiny chip.- The autofocus camera from previous models had far superior contrast and sharpness compared to this "endless depth of field" camera.  This is important to me as I like to be able to use my cell as a document camera when traveling, something EDoF cameras are notoriously poor at.  Some reviewers have reported better results with this camera when shooting portraits and landscapes, but I rarely take a photo of something further than an arm's length away.Email - 1/10 => Abysmal (I would give the E72's email an 8.5/10)Though the interface is similar to previous models, the email on the E6 has taken a huge plunge.  As a reference point, I have pushed the capabilities of Nokia email for several years using four or five different accounts of various types at any given time.  Nokia sold their push email company due to financial problems, and they have already removed true push capabilities from the E6.This causes a multitude of problems:- Emails take so long to arrive that carrying on an email conversation is impractical.  I have conducted tests on Exchange, Gmail, and imap accounts, and the fastest arrival time was 4 minutes, the longest was 13 minutes, and the average was about 8 minutes.  Compared to the E72's nearly instant email around the clock, this is a huge disappointment.  It doesn't sound like long on paper, but it's a huge pain in actual use.- After buying a new phone or performing a hard reset, the phone will no longer download all settings from Nokia's secure servers.  This made setting this phone up frustrating.- Unlike the quick configuration of the E72 and E71 email clients that utilized Nokia's push service, setting up all my accounts has been a nightmare on the E6.  Though it quickly accepted the settings of one imap account, it still refuses to accept another.  When I got into the settings, it had reset the incoming server to the smtp server (a result of sloppy coding), and it still won't work after reconfiguring all the settings.  I had no trouble configuring this account on my E72.- As on previous models, only one Exchange account is allowed.  This is quite frustrating for anyone who has more than one, and the workarounds (the aforementioned imap account) are ineffective and very limited.SMS - 9.5/10 (I would have ranked the system in the E71 or E72 a 3/10)- The sms interface is much improved over any Nokia device I have previously used.- The threading not only replaces free-isms which I had used previously but works even better with a cleaner interface.- I have to mark it down a half point as there are aspects of the interface that still need a little tweaking.  While it has improved a great deal, the user experience design still has a little ways to go to streamline message replying, forwarding, and flow between senders, time, and the homescreen.Browsing and Tethering - 9/10 (8/10 for Browsing and 10/10 for Tethering- Symbian phones have never had great browsers, but I have always found them functional.  Like previous models, the browser is a little outdated and weak, but it works for 95% of the internet.  I admit that this is very frustrating in the 5% of time that demand more, but I haven't ever worried much about it as I always have a laptop to tether nearby.- The browser on the E6 is an improvement over previous models, and touch speeds up browsing.- I have to lower the rating because there are several features that are poorly designed - Several features that wouldn't make any sense to a user who hadn't previously used the keyboard only version.  For example, RSS feeds can only be removed using the D-pad and backspace key, something I found immensely frustrating using touch until I remembered the keyboard way to do it.- For the record, I don't use Opera because I don't like my data tunneling through 3rd party servers - just a personal preference due to privacy management.- Tethering on this phone is top notch.  Assuming you have a laptop nearby, it makes up for many of the browsing shortcomings.- Tethering speeds are much higher than speeds on the built in browser.  I don't know why the built in browser is slow, but the tethering speeds are nice and fast!A note on JoikuSpot Premium: I have been a paid user of JoikuSpot Premium for several years, and I was excited to see Nokia include this package in the default lineup.  This application and off-the-grid tethering are one of the E6's greatest selling points.  Nokia was very wise to put this on the E6, and secure WEP tethering is really slick on the E6.Included Software - 9/10Disclaimer: I'm no app junky, and as a business user, I don't care about games.- Maps: A surprisingly robust, well written, functional application.  This is definitely one of the selling points of Nokia Ovi phones that include unlimited, free navigation using Ovi Maps.  It has timely information for route planning, it nicely integrates satellite and map views, and it has a great interface.  With touch, I find this to be a 10/10 application.  That being said, I still use Google maps for finding local businesses.- Adobe Reader & Quickoffice: Both solid programs that come in handy from time to time. 10/10- Social: This isn't a feature I have used or played with.  I did try to open it briefly while writing this review, and it wouldn't die when I pressed exit.  I had to turn the phone off and on to exit. meh/10- Ovi Store: The appstore is awful.  If Nokia would just filter out the junk, it would be far better, but unfortunately most of the store is junk.  I'm still offering a 9/10 for the software as I don't really need much more out of a cell phone than is included by default.  I occasionally see something cool I wish I had (like the night sky augmented reality programs on iOS and Android), but I don't think about this often.Interface - 4/10- Home Screen: This is an unfortunate step back from previous models.  To be honest, I preferred the E72 with a single homescreen to the 3 I have configured on the E6 due to the E72's responsiveness.  The E6 homescreens take several seconds to update when I switch between them, and this makes flipping between them impractical.  You can actually see the email application marking emails read before loading new emails as you wait to see if anything new has arrived.  If you flip at a normal pace, you can flip past the screen before it has even loaded new emails.- Widgets: The E6 has added additional support for Widgets, but they aren't particularly effective.  To test their functionality, I downloaded several from the Ovi store.  The Accuweather takes 4 or 5 seconds to update once you flip to its homescreen (15 seconds after restarting the phone sometimes), and newsfeeds have to be manually updated.  While this sounds trivial, this is something that could be easily done in the background.  Complaining about 5 seconds sounds silly, but it's very frustrating to spend 15 seconds to check my three homescreens for email, the outside temperature, and my calendar.Multimedia - 10/10Radio: I have never used the FM radio on any Symbian phone I have owned.Music Player: A surprisingly good interface, and the 8GB of built-in storage + microSD allow for carrying a nice music collection.  As an mp3 player, I'm surprisingly pleased and sound quality seems very good.Video Player: I think video playback looks really good!  The high resolution screen really shines with video playback, and I haven't noticed any playback hiccups.  However, I should mention that I'm not one to watch anything longer than a few minutes on my phone.Streaming Media - NadaThe lack of steaming multimedia options isn't Nokia's fault entirely, but it's something worth considering when buying a new phone.Streaming Netflix: This is becoming a pretty standard feature on other platforms, and it's noticeably absent when the Netflix app only allows you to modify your queue.Streaming Music: Spotify is supposed to offer some support for Symbian (haven't tried it myself), but all of the other major players including Pandora do not.Security - 9/10- I'm pretty zealous about protecting my laptop and cell phone from data theft even though it's never been a problem for me.  When I consider how much of my life and identity is accessible via my mobile devices and email, it makes this an important enterprise class feature.- The E6's support for encrypting the phone, built-in mass storage, and microSD memory is commendable and really stands out.  It doesn't take long to activate, and I assume it's pretty effective.- I marked down my security rating because the lock out code is so darn hard to access in the dark with the default backlight setting (you can't see the keyboard at all).  This is the third time I am marking off points because the default backlight setting is too dim to see the screen or keyboard backlight.Bottom Line - 6.97/10 => 3/5 (SEE END OF REVIEW FOR UPDATED 2/5)I loved this phone when I first got it, but aspects have becoming disappointing with more use.  In fact, I loved this phone so much in the first few days that I wanted to order another to replace my wife's E63!  There were a few little things that were annoying at first, but I was sure they would work themselves out over time.  Unfortunately, some of those irritations have become larger problems.  The slow interface and asinine email service are by far the worst of any Nokia E-series device I have owned, and it's feeling like the E-series designers jumped ship with the Microsoft takeover looming.I am giving a 3/5 star rating based on increasing the backlight setting a great deal, but I would have given a 2/5 had this option not been available considering this effects so many aspects of the interface and usability.  Overall, my feelings on this phone fluctuate between 2 stars (don't recommend) and 4 stars (recommend with caution), an ambiguity I don't normally feel.  On one hand I love the touch/hardware hybrid, new sms interface, security features, tethering, battery life, and media player.  On the other hand, I hate the email client, homescreens, notifications, widgets, streaming media, and camera.  Though I have stood by the Nokia Symbian platform for years and really wanted to love this phone, I have begun to reconsider my loyalties after owning the underwhelming E6.UPDATES:- To address concerns of other reviewers concerning the vibrate mode, I put my phone in a custom 'vibrate only' profile.  Though I agree that the vibrate is not particularly strong, I have found it to still be reliable.  A weak vibrate has pros and cons - it's quieter, but it's also easy to miss.  Remember that sometimes Symbian requires you to keep an audio ring that's turned all the way down for vibrate to work properly.- I have to tone back my glowing review of the new SMS interface.  For each contact, only the last 12 messages are stored in the conversation queue (which translates to only 6 messages each).  When "Show Older Messages" is selected, the most recent messages disappear, and dumping messages from new to old occurs automatically even when you're trying to read them.  I would expect much better functionality from a phone in this class.  I also believe that the SMS interface requires too many presses to navigate from a user interface perspective.- I have noticed that the touch screen doesn't work on hot, humid days.  I don't know how this compares to other phones, and I don't understand this defect very well.  I have found this problem to be most apparent after removing the phone from my face on humid days outdoors.  The touch screen is inaccessible until the phone has sat in air conditioning for a few minutes.RETURNED:Deciding whether to keep or return a cell phone is a very personal decision, and it's not one that I can make for anyone else.  Based on my demands for an enterprise class phone, the Nokia E6 couldn't hold its own.  The irritations became problems, and the problems became deal-breakers. I've ultimately decided that the means don't justify the ends.  The E6 fell short of my expectations after owning previous Nokia enterprise phones, but I don't know that I would have been happier if I hadn't relied on the E71 and E72 for several years.  To be honest, I think I would have liked the phone even less not knowing the legacy commands, menus, and settings.  Last night I ordered a "like new," store returned E72 to replace my E6, and I'm looking forward to sliding it in my pocket.UPDATED NOTE ON CALL QUALITY:I have found the call quality of this phone to quickly deteriorate with use.  After a month of use, calls are often either disconnected or the other caller could hear me while they sounded as if they were at the end of a long tunnel.  Other phones using the same service had no trouble calling from the same location while I was losing calls or had hopeless call quality.  The call quality was solid when I first wrote the above review, but use during the final two weeks of my return period showed rapid loss of signal quality.DUE TO THIS SERIOUS ISSUE, I am lowering my rating of the phone to a 2/5.

The biggest problem with this phone is that it is not the &#34;U.S. Version&#34; E6 (at least that is not what I got and that is not what several other reviewers got).  It seems likely that you'll get an E6 with a Spanish language keyboard (watch yourself make an N with a tilde every time you want a comma) and Symbian Anna software lightly-branded by Costa Rican carrier Movistar.  Outside of that, it's stock Anna.  I was excited about this, because I had heard that many E6 owners preferred Anna to the Symbian Belle update.  It seemed OK until applications started crashing the phone all the time (less than 24 hours in).  Reboot, crash, reboot, crash, reboot, crash.  I also noticed many apps were only compatible with Belle.  So I plugged it into my PC, downloaded Nokia Suite, and tried to update.  But it never recognized Belle as an available update for my E6.Undeterred, I pulled out my trusty Nokia firmware flashing tools (this is not my first rodeo) and installed a custom Belle firmware (Steve Litchfield's &#34;Adventures in Custom Firmware&#34; on All About Symbian is a great starting place in case you would dare to try such a thing, though it most certainly voids whatever warranty you thought you had and poses a realistic risk of completely breaking your phone).  Now I have a stable phone with stupendous battery life, a beautiful high-res display (best I've used outside the iPhone), and an N-tilde key that makes a comma (muscle memory is overcoming the Spanish keyboard just fine, though I may replace it later with an aftermarket English keypad).  I got this phone &#34;Used - Very Good&#34; from Amazon Warehouse Deals for $128, and it was indeed in splendid shape, so at this point I'm pretty happy with my purchase.  At $220 or whatever the going price is for a new model, I'd be rather upset at what was in the package.To go back to the phone, you can't just like keyboards in order to like this phone, and you can't just be someone who is like, &#34;I have a dumbphone, I just want a really basic smartphone.&#34;  This phone is the black sheep of an abandoned platform.  You will encounter bugs and incompatibilities at every angle.  You will be dumbfounded.  You will either throw it in the trash or hack it into submission.  There is no middle ground, there is no just using this phone and being happy with it.  You either master it or it masters you.If you can master it, what you'll find is a device that you can't resist playing with and showing off.  It's a rather functional fashion accessory.  You'll marvel at its construction, and you'll type text messages even when you have nothing to say, just for the sake of typing on the wonderful keypad (after you train yourself about what to do with N-tildes, of course).  You'll find that you can't do everything you could do with Android or iOS, but you can do enough that you don't feel that you're missing out on much; rather, everybody else is missing out on something truly unique and special by sticking with their large boring touchscreen slabs.  Who knows when someone will make a phone quite like this again?  Might as well use it now while you can at least get a functioning Twitter app for it.

My daughter has had a Nokia E71 for ages, and when her third one finally broke she wanted to buy another one but they were no longer available.  She has never been much for apps but instead uses her phone mainly for texting and maybe a quick web search now and then.  She wanted a phone that was not like everyone else's (no iphone); had a good physical keyboard and was not too big.  At the price, this was the perfect phone for her.  It's quite inexpensive for an unlocked phone, looks nice has a good quality build, and as a pentaband phone works well with T-Mobiles strange US 3G frequencies and can also be used almost anywhere in the world.  Having a decent turn by turn Maps app. that allows you to download almost any country in the world and use it without needing to use external data is also a huge plus that will save you an incredible amount of money if you travel outside the US. Like any Nokia Symbian phone at this point in time, this is not the unit to get if you're counting on having new apps or features (Symbian is on a death watch and the Nokia App. Store is a sad place) and the screen size is small (although very clear).  Although Symbian is actually quite an amazing OS, even with updates it is nowhere as user friendly as Android or iOS.  However, if you want a classy business type phone that is quite rare in the States and that has a qwerty keyboard type form factor this is one of the few choices left at a really good price.

I have tried android phones, apple phones, windows phones and I keep comming back to Nokia as being the most reliable to use.  This one integrates perfectly with MS Exchange, it has a great camera (with a good flash), the touch screen works as well as any iphone I have used, it has a great keyboard and it gets the job done.

Ive had this for a few months now. Ive dropped it twice, no damage. Sound quality is good, app support is decent for Symbian, but not as good as say a e7. That said, Either Anna or Belle seems to work well. I recommend Belle, some people say stick with Anna, so its a personal choice

I got this phone used from a freind of mine for USD 190. I use it mainly for phone calls and sms and occasionally for wifi. The phone is excellent and has the best BATT life. Screen is clear and the shortcuts are great and can be customized in any way you want. Phone quality is great and signal excellent. No random startups or similar problems as mentioned by other users. The only negative thing is the dim light for notification and sometimes the phone shows a rather slow pace but not big deal at all. Email setup is easy and fast and I got all my email uploaded within seconds. Voice clarity and audio are both good and clear. The best part is the combination of both touch and QWERTY keyboard very handy and useful.I would recommend to anyone not intersted in buying those highly expensive Iphones which are loaded with APPS that you might never use..A phone was created for phone calls basically in the first place...If excellent long time phone calls is what you want with high voice calarity..then this phone is for you!!

so the video battery life is very good.  It played 4 movies in a row all over 2hrs. during the 5th movie the low battery warning appeared.  At this point i plugged the e6 into a usb port I have ovi suite installed and before i started this test i discovered that there was a way to see battery life as a percentage using this program. so thefirst 4 movies i used 50% display light.  the progam indicated 14% battery life. so i uplugged the device and put the diplay up to 100% the 14% battery life lasted 68 minutes before the phone shut off.i have been using a motorala droid that i bought about 6 months ago for $54.00 as a pmp so what i was used to was a player that would support several types of file avi,mov,divx,3gp.  anyway not have to format to a specific format was quite nice.  The droid battery life was about 4hrs.  So i decided to try a ipod touch 4  which well had horroble battery life and i had to format all my movies.  So i tried the ipad $499 model the battery life was great but was not worth $499. and only 16gb and have to still format all movies to mpeg4 so thanks to best buy no restocking i returned it.  It would have been the choice if i did not have to format movies and it was 64gb's.

This item was defective and not factory new as advertised. It was a Spanish or Latin American version that was re-packaged by a 'distributor' (as claimed by the seller). If the D-pad and a couple of the Function keys were not defective, it seemed like a pretty good product (a higher end version of the E-5).

Don't update to Belle it pretty much suck for me after that. I would have to shut down the phone multi time during the day.

i wish to preface this review by stating i did NOT use this phone with the Symbian Anna OS. i did not want to get used to it and then update to Belle, so i went to Belle straight out of the box. i would also like to point out that as far as some reviewers complained about the phone resetting, that indicates a bad phone which ought to be returned and replaced. My first one did it, too, and Amazon replaced it immediately (that brings up a good point - i see a lot of sellers using the Amazon product description as their own. Be aware that Nokia's ONLY US authorized retailer is Amazon. There might be issues with warranty or even the phone being a US-spec model when you buy from another seller on Amazon). The second phone (and third [i got a second one because i like this phone that much]) one have had no such problems.i will lead with my complaints about this phone so you may believe this is a legitimate review and not an advertisement. The media player is on par with the Nokias of 10+ years ago, if not behind even those. The format is nice, resembling iTunes, but not as good as the E72's player. You can not edit media info tags or adjust the equalizer but between presets. My 6230 (cir 2002) had customizable equalizer settings and this media player does not? The interface is not very intuitive at all, really, but the format support is superb. It will play almost any major format you can think of.The touch screen interface can be a little frustrating because the screen is rather diminuitive and i often accidentally touch it while using the Navi key. It DOES work well, but it takes a little while to dial in your technique.Nokia Store installations are quite slow for some reason, but installs from Nokia Suite are no trouble at all.The factory browser is expectedly cumbersome, but it is a nice compliment to Opera at some times. You will quickly learn which sites prefer which browser.Users of the E72 will miss some features like the card reader that let you copy a business card, driver's license, et cetera into your contacts list, but it is no doubt due to the fact that the E6 uses an EDOF camera sensor which can not do close-up photos. The trade-off is that the pictures are taken at lightning-quick speed. There are NO games on board out of the box, but Nokia has a few to be downloaded via Nokia Store for free, as well as many other apps you might expect to see on the phone as shipped. There is a suite available that includes an AMAZING public transportation navigator, a weather app, a local events/restaurant app and of course, Nokia Maps, which is one of the best features on any Nokia phone, including free maps downloadable via Nokia Suite and free voice nav (in any number of languages and voices).The processor may sound a bit weak at 680MHz, but Symbian OSes do not heavily burden a processor, so it is at least adequate and i have not noticed any lag. The 8GB internal memory is expandable to 40GB with an SDHC Micro card (hot-swappable) and even further expandable using a flash drive and a USB on the go adapter. The phone also has a graphics accelerator and plays up to 720p without any trouble. The display is ASTOUNDING and boasts pixel density on par with iPhone's retina display at 326ppi. The contrast ratio is the best i have ever seen on a phone. The internet speed is pretty fast on an HSPA network and if you use the phone to tether (Joikuspot is factory installed), the speed is blazing fast.Voice operation on this phone is stellar and you can do almost anything short of dictating a text message with it. The phone does support text-to-voice, though, and you can download voice packs from Nokia's website, too. Voice dialing is easy with speaker-independent voice recognition and the phone has had no trouble understanding me.The phone itself is the nicest phone i have ever held in terms of build quality and finish. It really feels like top-shelf equipment and nicely blurs the line between the E series and the N series phones. The phone call quality is astonishing and is hands-down the clearest call quality i have experienced on a cell OR a land line.i think this phone is a perfect compliment to an E71/72, as the pair can do pretty much all a business user needs. Paired to an N8? Nice

I'm not entirely sure where to begin. I've never left a review before so bear with me.I only need two simple things from a phone, battery life and reception. That's all. I don't need the internet. I don't need Twitter or Facebook. In a world where smartphones are ever on the rise, I suppose I must be an oddity. Now, I'll admit, the need for a full QWERTY keyboard is a recent one. I've managed, up until a few years ago, to never send a text and I'm well into my late thirties. I've never really seen the use of it all, myself. One leads to another and another when all it would have taken is a simple two minute phone call. Of course, that was all before I got my current job and low and behold I was reborn a texter. I really do hope my boss is proud of herself.Still, regardless of the new changes, some things remain a constant necessity. Phones are first and foremost for making calls. As I don't need the internet, Nokia has always been my go to company. Why buy a smartphone when it's not needed? This is my fifth phone with Nokia and I'm afraid to say that it will likely be my last. Before I get to the simple whys, however, I wish to contradict myself for a moment. This is a marvelous device. The build quality is superb. You can tell Nokia put a great deal of time with the building of the E6. The sturdy metal frame and the Gorilla Glass are testaments to that. And while some may groan and complain about Symbian being outdated, to me it is still a reliable and dependable OS.So, why will I be shortly listing this device on ebay you ask? I have two simple words for you, call quality. Notice I don't say reception. Nokia still holds the reigns in that department in my humble opinion. And, in battery life too while we're on the subject. I always got at least two days out my device and that was with heavy talking and texting. But, since the purchase of this phone, I'm consistently asked to repeat myself, often told that I'm difficult to hear and understand. These complaints have vanished recently as I've sadly moved, temporarily, to a Blackberry Bold. As I am on the front line for my company, often being it's only face for our customers, this is unacceptable.Sadly, Nokia, I regret that we must part ways. I hope you're able to turn things around for yourselves as, in my eyes, you're still the best.A disappointed customer

Unfortunately I have to say, the product arrived damaged or defective me, I get to touch damaged, when I opened the package, take the phone powered ON it with much emotion, lit it and I saw a line on the screen that I found rather odd, I started using it and Tacti malfunctioning, applications took me until I realized it was not me, was the PHONE NOKIA E6-00, which is really disappointing, the first purchase I do in the amazon store and I the product arrives damaged, you tell me now I can think of me from the store, and exacerbating this situation is that I'm from Venezuela and the cost and return shipping process is complicated, but will do my best to return it because it may be possible to buy a new product arrives damaged box and I hope to obtain a prompt solution to my BIG PROBLEM!!This comment should be without stars ...!!!

Just got this Nokia E6, but incoming call numbers aren't showing up...doesn't matter if the caller is in my phonebook...it's quite annoying...help!

This phone is must-have if you are all up for Nokia. Especially if you are texting a lot! And also if you want to feel secure. I will not feel secure with iOS (iPhone) or Android or whatever crazy system what is doing nasty things on the background. Some people say Symbian is little difficult for use, but I had Nokia all my life and I am used to that. I think Symbian^3 is great.However phone has one serious hardware problem. It is notification light. It works, but you cannot see it. Problem is surface above notification light. It shades/hides notification light, so it could not be seen. Nokia will probably exchange this surface for free -- in Europe definitely, in USA I do not know.

I previously had this phone, also purchased from Amazon, but had dropped it one too many times on the pavement while jogging.  I loved the performance of the phone immensely, first in its original Symbian Anna form, and even more with the Symbian Belle Operating System.  So I decided to purchase another one from here.I was unable to open my package for a while after receipt and when I finally started to setup the phone I found it was a Costa Rican model with a Spanish keyboard. The OS was an older Symbian Anna customized for the 'Movistar' network found in that country.  The phone would intermittently lose Internet capability on my carrier network, with email not being updated. I replaced the keyboard with a standard English one purchased on eBay (from the UK) and flashed the latest Symbian Belle USA version software (google 'How to flash your Nokia phone using Phoenix'). Having done these two things, I am now very pleased with how it works.  The phone now lives up to the best that I had come to expect from my old E6.I discussed the changes I made to the phone with On The Go Solutions and they explained that the shipment was a mistake and further reimbursed me more than adequately for my problems with the phone.

I bought this phone to replace my QWERTY slide-style Android phone. Having had some experience with Symbian in my N8 I felt confident enough with the OS to try it out as my messaging/email phone.-love the build quality. Solid, obviously well made.-the screen is very bright and very sharp, if a bit small.-battery life is superb. Just be aware some apps like CNN require a GPS lock; if one is in a massive building blocking signal then you will want to close the app to save battery.-gmail is a bit spotty on updating. Sometimes one has to refresh, unlike BB or Android.-the EDOF camera is actually very very good. One cannot do macro but it is fast to use; a streetshooters dream really. Especially for night shots where all phone autofocus stumbles.-the flash/light is stunningly good.-the browser is functional, not up to par with the latest from IOS or Android but useable enough that I removed Opera after 2 days.-Antenna/connectivity is excellent. Love the Pentaband-Voice quality is excellent, no dropped calls.As postscript my notes apply to Belle, I updated immediately and never got a chance to use the device on Anna.If you need a sold, reliable and lovely QWERTY phone and do not mind a learning curve it is really a lovely device.Edit; I recently had a chance to test the reception and battery life during an emergency trip to the Hospital. The little Nokia managed to get 1-2 bars of edge in areas where my Android phone got an 'x'. I was able to keep in touch with family and friends updating them by text and voice while doing research on the web. Not one dropped call. In the end after 12 hours or so of extremely heavy use I got home with 28% remaining on the battery. It had been off the charger 6 hours already before going to the Hospital!

Put simply, this phone is terrible. After 2 months: (1) It turns off randomly and the power button doesn't work (I have to keep the power adapter at all times and plug it in to power back on); (2) The notifiction light does not work; (3) The touch screen activates various widgets without ever actually touching them; (4) The keyboard is unusable because of the diminutive size; (5) Despite having 8 megapixels, the pictures are mediocre (6) There is no support for this item.

Very good phone, 100% rcomiendo handy little all-purpose. This phone is different and imnovador for all occasions. Thank you very much for everything.

Definitely its internal 475 phone use was what convinced me to try after a c5-03 that ran out memory every minute

I dont usually leave reviews, but i was disapointed with this phone. i had so much high expectations for it. I will keep this review simple.Pro:great touch screen response, great kewboard, anna software is very good.Con;-Call quality on this phone is not that great (ATT 3.5G network). Nokia are specifically good with call quality, but not on this phone (ATT network), everyone almost sound muffled, i guess nokia can blame ATT.- Vibrate mode SUCKS (excuse my language). This is the biggest deal breaker for me because i leave my phone on vibrate almost all day. I put this E6 on vibrate, and literally watch as i miss calls and alerts. Not even the slightest tickle or table vibration. For this fact alone, i will be returning this phone. Back to BB I go.

Good evening, I made the purchase of this phone on the 4th January and now I get to that was returned for being damaged, I need to replenish it as soon as possible

So I basically buy a phone a month. Androids, lg's, samsungs, every nokia (except the n8 and n9 - no keyboards) and I keep praying that one will be the one. This e6 is it so far, even with the most serious Nokia problem ever.why? because so many other things have been fixed - but not all.I will try to list all issues with e6 especially as compared to older e72, e63, n97, n97mini, e7, astound (c7)This e6 does have Anna from factory. Only 8gb of internal mem. SDhc slot. Ultra fast boot up, screen shows main screen in about 10 seconds, tho it does continue to load more in background such as bluetooth and wireless (wifi) connection. Very handy since you will experience random reboots (biggest problem ever! with any nokia!) Reboots happen most often when using the gps and phone is not mounted in a shockproof mount!Dont mistake the shockproof mount as the quality of the phone is superb as usual for nokia. This phone is by far the most useful phone ever made; especially from nokia.Main reasons this phone is the most useful:Speed - menus are almost instant!Change screens -instant!Email eyecandy is finally tolerable!menu key is instant!Stupid bug if you don't properly complete the factory setup questions, gives error everytime you start it complaining it cant find setup wizard which just dissappears quickly.Best parts of this phone:FASTNot windows, not ios, not android!Has almost all the google software as separate apps like maps and email!! Awesome.independent browser! Works awesome! (minus the pinch to zoom, which I hate. The volume controls do not operate the zoom-lame.)More space to hold phone at bottom beneath keyboard!directional nav key!No optical thumb dumb thingy as 'new' phones use - so no headaches in useability!Full capacitive touch screen which adds ultimate in efficient and speedy usability!nearly all touch buttons are intelligently sized and positioned!Full 3.5g speeds! (10mbs approx!)Tmobile full support, with free internet programability! No high speed data 'tax' (ie blackberry plan etc)Yes, I have it on my phoneweb plan for $10!Awesome nokia browservery very good email program including full mail for exchange imap support (but only one mail for exchange acct :  with speed keys for navigation!Intelligent contact manager AND calendar - fast very efficient and most useful as compared to any 'new' smartphone!Very intelligent navigation - when done in one app such as looking at a calendar event by pressing calendar key inside of contacts, it will take you back to where you were - in the contact! AWESOMEvery bright dual leds for flash and flashlight.Full keyboard, but space bar removes some needed keys as it is too wide! E72 keyboard was much better.Main problems with this phone:Random reboots when in motion outside of fixed location  when driving, biking etc) mainly when using gps/music, but does happen with nothing other than mail for exchange / email on homescreensCAMERA SUCKS for important pics! IT is fast, but there is NO Auto Focus! the N97 cameras kill this P.o.s.tight camera lock slide, grinds plastic after several days of constant use.phone auto locks after phone call is disconnected even if you are in the middle of typing a calendar event/contact etc (retarded)Phone still beeps annoyingly when other end of call hangs up before you do, I have been told over and over again that this is because of tmobile, um but this is an unlocked phone right ? so where is the setting??? Nokia? Do you ever listen??? No. Cause you are so awesome with your $6 stock price right?Go Stephan Elop! (nokia ceo)Bottom line:Best Business phone EVER. So incredibly sad that I have to plan on it rebooting while driving. Good thing it reboots in 10 seconds, almost fully in 15 seconds! (almost like they knew it has to reboot fast) haha

I bought this device yesterday and I am familiar with the E71 and the E72.I have been looking for a device that has good browsing,good email and a battery life that lasts at least one day.My current device is a blackberry 9780.This is a huge step forward from the E72 (which i didn't like) ,the touch screen is amazing for a Nokia device and the browser is also excellent.(I tried the BB torch and found web browsing to be a joke compared to iPhone or Android)It can only accept one exchange account which is a shame.it can also sync the popular e mail (I tried Google,Hotmail,Yahoo and AOL)but it will not be push e mail.The Nokia Social connects you to Twitter and Facebook and you can link you phone contacts to Facebook contacts but this has to be done manually.The device is very responsive and fast ,I never saw a pause or a clock turning like I almost always get on the BB.And the battery life is amazing ,I used it almost non stop for a few hours with 3g, WiFi and Bluetooth on and the battery indicator drooped on mark only.The reason why I will not keep the device is the notification light,it is extremely dimthat it is useless.I do not know if this is a software related issue or not and didn't want to risk keeping it to find out that it is a hardware problem.

The phone is very good and this meeting my expectations, buy another and point to who is buying.Image quality and screen resolution very good.Battery lasts 3 days.

Website link [...]Photos are available on the website!Officially fixing up the Nokia E6 hardware: d-pad light, screen dustPublished by Steve Litchfield at 11:39 UTC, October 3rd 2012Nokia E6 Communicator owners have had two crosses to bear on the hardware front since the device first appeared. OK, three if you count the use of an EDoF camera, but let's not go there again....! Firstly, the TFT screen and somewhat defective screen seal meant that copious amounts of dust would get attracted in and then just sit there, mockingly, under the Gorilla Glass. And secondly and more functionally, the d-pad was completely opaque, meaning that the 'breathing/notifications' LED could only shine dimly around the d-pad edges. I set out to my local Nokia Care Point, determined to get both issues addressed...Firstly, here's the scale of the problem. This was my Nokia E6's screen when powered off this morning. It's true that you don't really notice the dust when the screen's lit up, but the presence of it when off really detracts from the idea of the E6 as a premium product:Here's the other issue, the old-style d-pad with notifications LED lit up. How on earth did this one slip past the Q&A; team at Nokia?Thankfully, both are known issues and my local Nokia Care Point (see below for link) was on top of them. Warranty on the E6 is a full two years, so there were no issues with my device being just over a year old.Nokia's solution to the d-pad issue is simply to issue a replacement panel, as shown below, with a translucent ring that lets plenty of the underlying LED light through: view link above.At the same time, I had the Care Point replace the screen, complete (presumably) with new and more resilient seal around the TFT display. The result: one immaculate and thankfully dust-free E6 screen:It remains to be seen whether the dust problem will come back, but I'm optimistic that the screen seal has been redesigned since early E6 batches and that I'll be OK...One thing which I'm often asked about is where to find really good Nokia Care Points, who know what they're doing and are quick and polite. Feel free to leave your suggestions of good places to go that are local to you, but the above care was done in 30 minutes flat, while I took a stroll, by Town & Country in Sandhurst (so serving Berkshire and Hampshire) - highly, highly recommended and they've never once let me down.//Buyer's personal note from web research;There is a fix for the notification lighting without sending back handset it is a free or paid version app called Remindme available at the Ovi/ Nokia store.View video at this link for view on how it works, [...]

When I received my order from amazon I was really eager to start using my mobile after have seen several customers review. I have less than three month using the device which I qualify of good, but despite of the beautiful desing I cannot say it  does match with its functionality. The device doesn't have good reception for calls, most of the calls I have received goes directly to the voicemail without even ring on the phone and one day, suddenly, the device turned off after loading a game from Nokia web site on the internet, it didn't work anymore, the telephone is dead. I may say I have lost my moneyRegards

Well this phone have a beautiful design and it's very useful for daily use. But the phone has a problem, with the resent Nokia updates the phone it's very slow and in some point i have to remove the battery and put it again to use it.

I would give the phone 5 stars but it seems like am dealing with a bad batch of phones. I'm working on getting the third Nokia E6 replaced at the moment.Phone #1: Dead keyboard. Only the touchscreen worked. This was amusing because I was replacing a 2 year old Nokia E71 that had a keyboard die after a fall.Phone #2: Loose headphone/headset jack. This really irritated callers but I could hear them without issue. Then the issue started affecting the audio on my side. I replaced this unit as well.Phone #3: Dead keyboard backlight and multiple stuck pixels. I had to return this phone for a refund and reorder a new one.I've never had such a bad run with any tech equipment before. I suspect it could be either Nokia had a bad batch of phones or Amazon's poor packaging of products coupled with UPS throwing things.Either way, the phone is a dream to use and I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for all the shipping back and forth.

Well I need BATTERY LIFE and this guy has it. There is an up date that make it more &#34;nice&#34; but the original OS is pretty usable. It has all I need from a phone, VERY GOOD GPS (A), google maps, youtube, FB, very nice camera (fixed focus but 8 MP double flash so, B+), lots of tools, all functions of $500 dls touch ones, but to get more battery life you have to sacrifice screen size. If youre crazy about Iphones dont even look at it, if you like to feel the keys, this is  very usable phone, touch creen and keyboard are in a good coordination most of the time, I can do all I need and I need a lot from my cellphone. Not perfect, and not the tons of apps for droids or Mac but there are some good ones, and something important  for me this guy will last looooong, already went true couple of bad experiences with the gavel and cement floor and not a single sign of it (use simple silicon case) I think Nokia still makes the best hardware for phones. Compared with my previous black berry I like this one better.Summary good phone if you need bigger get a tablet... if you want nice &#34;easy to use&#34; get iphone, if you has lots of money get a Galaxy III....

I have been a Nokia fan for years. This phone is more like a Blackberry in that is designed for business use rather than personal social media applications. I meets all my business needs. I have owned Nokia phones before and dreaded setting this one up. It turns out it is automatic. Just insert the SIM card, answer a few questions like where in what country and city the phone is going to be used. In a flash the phone configures itself. Then it asks some basic questions about your email service. Again it sets this up quickly as well. Had I known that I would of bought on a year earlier. So if it a business phone you want consider Nokia.

funciana perfectamente en mi pais en 3G!! llego tal cual como lo anuncia el vendedor!! lo recomiendo 100% saludos cordiales!!

This is a very good phone for me. I am no techie but it is excellent and simple to understand and operate. My only issue with it thus far and it might just be me is that I don't seem to just be able to answer the phone when it rings. I am sure I will master that soon. I recommend this to anyone who is doing a smart phone for the first time

So, i'm going to start by saying that i'm pretty much a cellphone enthusiast. I've owned the Samsung U900, Nokia E71 in grey then in black, Nokia E72, HTC HD, numerous iPhones (3G, 3GS16GB, 3GS32, 4G), Nokia N97, Nokia E90, Samsung Galaxy, Nokia C7, Blackberry Torch and right now i am using the Blackberry Bold 9900 along with this Nokia E6!Like many have said before, this is the new generation of the series that really made an impression on Nokia users: the E71 and E72. They were great phones and I had a HUGE expectation for this E6! I definitely was hesitating between the E6 and E7. After all the issues i had heard about regarding the N8, i ended up going with the E6.Now, I have been using the E6 for about 2 weeks now and i'm sorry to say that i am a bit disappointed in it. I was expecting so much more from this phone but it just ended up being a simple phone with many glitches and issues. Of course i have been going from a high end Samsung Galaxy phone which was preceded by an iPhone 4 so my judgment might be impaired but i still believe that the Nokia brand should come with the functionality and excellence other manufacturers can provide. And as i have been mostly disappointed so far with this phone, here is, to begin, the list of CONS:CONS:- The Phone is VERY slow! -- I understand that it's a phone but come on, this phone Hangs when multitasking, and i mean A LOT! i'm often found having to wait a few seconds (from 15 to 30 secs) for the phone to respond. --- The Phone has VERY limited amounts of software available for it: I've searched the OVI store (when i could access it, see below) which is in my opinion a sad excuse of an application market and i have to say that i am very very disappointed in the range available for the Phone.- The OVI Store is completely USELESS! -- I have gone on the store only three times successfully. The rest of the time, either i cannot connect to it on the phone, or it just loads for ever. When i go online, of course, i cannot download to my PC to install on my cellphone, i have to send an SMS to my phone with the app link which i cannot retrieve because i OBVIOUSLY have to launch the OVI Store Application which doesn't want to work!- Skype: cannot take advantage of the video camera on the phone to make video skype calls.Okay, i admit, this is a bit of a stretch to blame the manufacturer for a third party software, BUT STILL! My Galaxy could do it :)- The Keyboard is not what I expected: It is nice and usable but i feel like they made the keys too soft. If i recall correctly, when i used the E71 and E72 i KNEW when i pressed a key, now i have to make sure i pressed it once in a while, or i have to make sure i haven't pressed two keys by mistake because i can't tell if i did just by the feeling of typing.- The directional Pad is fine, but annoying as the "Up" key will often let me touch the screen which responds to touch and mess up whatever i'm trying to do on my phone. And mind me, my fingers aren't huge, hard and clumsy.- The Touch screen is... Very responsive, couple that with very small icons and User Interface and you got a nightmare! I mean seriously, make at least the listing of options bigger Nokia! So now i barely use the touch screen.- No Yes and No keyboard Keys (the keys above the call and hang up ones). Which means that you have to use the touch screen directly. Not very cool because i'm always stressed i'm going to touch something wrong.- The USB port: Not much to say except that the cover flap is very annoying to me to open. I mean, it's aesthetically nice, but i have to use my small finger nail to get the gap to pull the cover open each time and i'm always scared i'm going to scratch the phone.- And my last disappointment, NO POUCH IN THE BOX!!! I mean yeah i am being a bit difficult now but they got us used to being treated nicely with the E71 and E72 so why the change now Nokia? :'(OKAY! That is a huge list of CONS! like i said, i'm not very happy with the phone and i think they could have dramatically done much better then that and i wouldn't have minded throwing in an extra few bucks but anyway, he comes the PROS:PROS:- The Phone is very pretty and looks quite slick in black.- The Camera is amazing in my opinion, it delivers very nice pictures and for the price i paid for this phone i am seriously happy with the camera! And even night time pictures give you a nice final product!- The image on the screen is very pretty and i have to say the original wallpapers look good enough for me not to feel like i should change it.- The phone was quite simple to setup at reception and i didn't have any issues synchronizing my contacts, memos, photos, and other with it.- The Phone switches nicely and easily between WiFi and GPRS/EDGE/3G.- Nice independent slide key on the side to lock the phone.- The phone is shortcut friendly and you don't have to go miles to find the applications you want. I have to say though that the home screen is a bit of a rip-off from the Android system (or maybe the other way around) but it's not too similar in terms of setup.So that's for my review! i hope you enjoyed it and didn't find it too long! Overall even though it's not the best experience I've had, i'll still recommend buying it because it's so cheap i really don't feel like i've wasted any money. For what i've paid for, i'm pretty much okay with what i got.If for any reason you disagree with my review please feel free to leave a comment, i haven't used nokia since the N97 so i might be complaining about things that can easily be fixed. Anyhow, thanks for reading and  hope i was helpful!Vijay.

I have mixed feelings about this phone.  It freezes way TOOOOOOOO often and this drives me crazy.  Apart from that the features are fine.

Ok... a little background.  First I always owned a Nokia in my life and I wanted a Nokia smartphone.  First because above all I wanted the machine to be a good phone for receiving/accepting calls and I believe that no one can beat the voice/phone quality of Nokia.  Second, I like the idea of  maps offline. I am one of those guys who uses the traditional maps in his trips, but I have to admit that occasionally I was wondering why I didn't have a machine telling me the stuff around me and guiding me in specific address in very small towns that my maps will fail.Previous phone: Nokia E61... I know!!! After that came the E61i/E61/E62/E63/E71/E72/E73/E5/E7 and probably many more that I am missing.  So you can imagine that the upgrade for me was like 10 phone generations.From those two facts: owning a Nokia my whole life and coming from a 5 year old phone, you know I am not going to do comparisons with iPhone, Android phones, Windows phones, Blackberry phones.  No comparison.  I have seen my friends using other phones and occasionally played around with them but I have no real experience with them, in order to judge them.I have the phone for a week. First impression. Good form factor. Nice that has the combination of a qwerty keyboard and a touchscreen. Nice looking phone, which looks ugly after two days of using it with all the dust and all the fingerprints it accumulates :))What I tried:1) Talked on the phone.  The voice quality is clear with the headset on and with the loudspeaker.  When on ear/normal mode the phone need to be at a specific position otherwise the others can't hear very well (you hear them decently).2) Download apps.  I found a lot to download.  But I downloaded mainly basic stuff. Like opera for browser (Although I found the current browser very good but not as good as the opera one.)... A couple of games and a couple of other apps that just work fine.  There is this occasional lag when you download something large, but generally it was a flawless procedure.  (and I can survive the 2-3 seconds freeze)3) Surf the web.  As I said either with opera or its own browser the experience is simple and good.4) Use it as a GPS.  Flawless (Almost).  Good clear guidance.  Found the nearest gas station.  Found a hotel for me. But it drained the battery. I mean 2 hours of navigation and my phone was running low on battery! (but it was on the second day after charging it)5) Battery.  No complaints.  I can take at least 2 days if I do not use the GPS constantly.  I use the wi-fi a lot though.6) Wi-fi.  Flawless experience connecting to any wi-fi network I tried.7) Headset.  Excellent.8) FM radio. Very good and clear reception.9) Security software.  I register it for the 30-day trial and it works silently on the background.  Don't even feel it.10) Messaging. Nice!! I like the threaded view a lot.11) Keyboard. Smooth.  The keys are the right size for my hands. You can easily type with one hand (something you can't do with Nokia E7)12) Touchscreen.  Responsive.  The only problem is that some things are just too small due to the small screen and you have to touch a couple of times at neighboring spots before hitting the one you actually want.13) Synchronization with Nokia website. Smooth14) Photo camera: I have a professional one but I tried it out of curiosity.  It took some nice ones.  I used the photo editing app that comes with it and I was surprised with it.  It gives you a lot of options and it is easier to do some stuff than in photoshop (ok ok just kidding - but it is still simple and easy to use).  I even put a couple of photographs on my phone book on my contacts.15) Calendar.  Simple to put entries.  Simple to read. I do not expect something more from a calendarWhat I haven't use:Email client.  I always use web clients to check emails (even on my computer) so having a nice browser and visit hotmail or gmail or my university website is enough for me. I don't think I am going to use it, so I am not worrying a lot from reviews complaining about the client.Multiple screens. I didn't have time to play around to do stuff on the different screens but at some point later I will doVideo: I do not know why.  Just didn't happen.Probably anything I am forgetting and I am not listing above.Note: I also bought the "Amzer AMZ91881 Silicone Skin Jelly Case for Nokia E6-00" case which protected it very well on the first drop it had.I haven't bought a Micro SD card or a screen protector yet.Overall, it serves me pretty well.  Based on the (price/what you get) I will give it a 5 star.  If price was not accounted for I would say 4 stars.I will update it as I use more and more features.  Also I appreciate any comments/suggestions for useful apps to download.

Excellent phoe. The product received was exactly what I bought. I received it on the date scheduled. Is excellent for a gift or present

I will not add too much about the other smartphone aspects of this phone that have been reviewed already. I bought this Nokia E6 as a backup to my work-issued iPhone 4s (I do lots of intra-state travel) and have been truly surprised that this Nokia E6 had such outstanding call signal and quality when I used it while riding in the CA-BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit), in our office building's below-ground store room, in elevators, and even got 70% signal when I drove thru the San Simeon mountains last week. All throughout these test experiences, my iPhone 4s's (whenever I used it) signal went on and off and drifted out then came back, and the maxiumum signal it achieved was 20%. My girlfriend's Motorola Droid Razr Maxx during that mountain drive fared even worse at 10% signal.  As far as the construction on this phone, no complaints, and is as solid, rugged, and `handsome' as my old Nokia E71 (my old back-up phone)Nokia E71 Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, 3G, Media Player, GPS Navigation, Free Voice Navigation, Wi-Fi, and MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray). It's got metal mostly and Gorilla Glass. Battery life: I get about 4.5  days using it for calls (at least two hours daily), text messaging (around 20/day), and occasional wifi (about 30 minutes daily). My Nokia E6 is still using Symbian Anna since I am hesitant to update it to Symbian Belle with its reported issues but I may be forced to update it if rumors turn out true that the Nokia E6 will soon be allowed an update that will include Mobile Microsoft Office Apps (OneNote, Lync 2010 Mobile, PowerPoint Broadcast, and Document Connection)!  Knowing how strong-performing this phone is and that it continues to be improved thru updates makes me feel good about my Nokia E6 purchase.

I bought this phone Used-like new from amazon warehouse deals. 1st one arrived defective and was Used, and not used-like new. I returned it and got my $ back. I gave it another try and bought another Used-like new and this time it really looked as barely used phone with all the original stickers.I have Samsung tab2 7.0 tabled and doing all my android apps and angry birds stuff on it, so I was not looking for the latest android phone. I was looking for qwerty and touch screen phone and having Nokia E71 and E73, this was a logical choice. I never had full touch screen phone and I do not like touch screens for typing. I do a lot of typos in my 7in tab already... so qwerty is a must!.There are detailed review of this phone here so I am not going to repeat all the phone feature reviews. Phone calls are ok, GPS is good here in NW, mp3 player is fine, battery life is 2-3 days (could be more), display is crisp and nice... But...I am reducing 1 star from the 5 due to calendar issue I am observing. I update the phone sw straight to Belle and I am testing it now. I am sync-ing my  calendar from work outlook with this E6 and they all sync fine and remind me, but if I want to see and open the details of an meeting, E6 will close the application, it did not freeze or crash, it just close the calendar application and you can still use the phone. the error does not say that I have not enough memory etc... the error message just say &#34;Error: application closed&#34;. Callendar app is very important in the biz phones. I have no other issue with this phone, so I am going to re-install the Belle and see if the issue remains...I can certainly recommend this if you do not need all the fancy unnecessary apps.

Pros:Battery LifeSmooth exteriorPicture qualityPicture editing optionsVideo editing optionsCons:Screen sizeSmall keyboard keysInternet speedPhone freezes constantlyCamera flash noticeably weaker as lighting dropsPhone memoryIf you have big fingers, this phone is not for you.I have never had a phone with 3.5G network, but I am assuming this is one of the querks to having an unlocked phone.This is my first Nokia phone.It comes with too many apps that take up about a half of the phone memory along with the necessary phone software.If you cannot remove the apps yourself then I suggest getting a memory card, especially if you plan on uploading hundreds of songs.Amazon sells sandisk memory cards $4 and up depending on the memory size you want.If you are a fast texter then this is not the phone for you because it freezes as you pick up your texting speed.It cannot handle more than two applications being open at the same time without freezing.It takes 1/2 minutes for the screens to load up before you can text without the phone freezing.If you leave the phone alone it will turn off after 10+ hours.I had no issues with the call reception and the speaker phone was great. The phone volume is not bad when playing music and I would prefer that the phone volume for calls had a higher limit.I NEVER USED THIS PHONE'S VIDEO CALLING FEATURE AND I DON'T CARE ABOUT THE FRONT CAMERA.THE CALL RECEPTION, SPEAKER PHONE, AND PHONE VOLUME IS MUCH BETTER THAN THAT OF THE HTC RADAR 4G.OVERALL, I REALLY LIKED THIS PHONE. IN FACT IT WAS BETTER THAN THE HTC RADAR 4G (WINDOWS PHONE) AND THE SAMSUNG SGHi97 (unlocked verson of this WINDOWS PHONE). SOME OF THIS INFORMATION ALL DEPENDS ON HOW MUCH YOU USE THE PHONE.FYI UNLOCKED WINDOWS PHONE ARE NOT A GOOD IDEA!

when u receive a picture message the picture does not come out as a full screen image just as a small block. Not very good when u want to c he pic full screen

This E6 rocks. I owned an E71x so my learning curve was short. I didn't want to sign a new contract so I went unlocked--my first time. The experience has been great. the only problem I have is that the flash washes out up close subjects.

I need my physical keyboard, don't like any of the full touch screen iphones or androids.sure it's not as great in it's time as the e71 or e72.  but it's the best smartphone with keyboard out there that doesn't require a blackberry data plan.  if only it could get a little love from the folks at audible and pandora, and bring back browser keyboard shortcuts, it'd be almost perfect for everything I need it for.  can't wait for the belle update

I don't use a lot of the more advanced features this phone has, such as instant messaging, email synching, etc. I just use the basic stuff: calendar, text messaging, phone calls, storing documents and reading them.Long story short: if you're a E71 casual user and want something that's just like it, except with better screen resolution, faster internet capability, and faster processor, get this phone. You won't be disappointed.This phone does not experience the same lag times in running or starting applications or menus as the E71 does. The battery life, if ran in 3G mode, will still last the entire day, even under heavy usage. If you turn off the 3G, I'm sure it'll go for even longer. Battery life is not an issue on this phone--it will go the distance.The flashlight is awesome and a much-wanted feature. If you've owned the E71, you'll know that the flashlight on the back of the phone, when used as a flashlight, isn't as bright as when when it flashes to take pictures. This phone has an actual flashlight mode where both LEDs will light up and very brightly.Basically, it has all the features the E71 has, and also features that you've probably been wanting on the E71.

PROS:- PHONE WORKS GREATCONS:- WARRANTY (1 MONTH)- NO BILL- 3.5MM HEADPHONE JACK SOMETIMES WORKS, SOMETIMES DOESNT!!

Buenas noches, por favor necesito ponerme en contacto con el vendedor, para que por favor me envie por emial la factura de este celular,no lo he nacionalizado por ese problema

Pros:+ good hardware overall+ free offline world navigation+ good battery life (1-2 days)+ seamless native, free SIP/VOIP calling+ flash light+ good price+ camera takes great pictures+ hardware button to turn off screen+ just very pleasant phone to own+ available free Google Maps, Latitude, Skype, Talkonaunt with Google Video Chat for Symbian work on Nokia E6+ much moreCons:- the phone would restart at random. the biggest minus! and my reason for returning the phone--- annoying and dangerous when have to reenter destination in navigation software on phone restart while driving----- with the screen off you may never get next navigation voice prompt if phone restarts- no macro mode in camera. the second big minus.- notification light does not work. the third big minus.- Web browser is not the easiest to use.--- difficult to enter www address--- scrolling down while site is still loading would freeze UI for a second or two and when unfrozed it would rush to scroll down the page at the fast rate- multi-touch does not consider location where you pinch to zoom and zooms always off the center of the screen.- screen does not seem to have back reflector and is readable on direct sun light only due to the bright LED backlight.- no option to turn off touch screen sensor. no menu keys as in E71. but would be useful.- new e-mail notifications seemed to arrive with longer delay compared to Nokia E71conclusion:I would wait for a new release of E6 with Belle, hoping Nokia will address some of the issues mentioned in "Cons" section

It's everything my Nokia E71 was except better!  The call quality is great, internet is fast and easy, touch screen is USEFUL.  And like my E71 the battery life is excellent if you have it in standby or just send texts with it.  Heavy internet or calling usage will start to burn battery life but still better than any of the other smartphones out there by far.  The E6 has been out for a couple of years now but if you like the speed of a QWERTY keyboard, thi is still the best one on the market.UPDATE: After owning the phone for three months, it prompted me for an update.  I ran the update and it changed the current operating system, named "Anna", to the newest one named "Belle".  DO NOT UPDATE TO BELLE.  It drastically reduces battery life and was intended for very large touch schreen phones.  What this means for the E6 is that everything is in huge blocky buttons and widgets.  No longer can you monitor 3 email accounts, the weather, check the time and have one open space on the home screen.  Belle can only fit one huge email widget on the screen.  The "digital clock" covers approximately 1/2 of the screen.  There is no option or app to change/replace this. I called Nokia and they informed me that 100% there is no way to undo the update because it is a firmware update, not just simple software.  My phone has been rendered nearly useless for my needs due to this.  No wonder Nokia has a tiny fraction of the cell phone market that it used to.  This is a great phone if you keep the Anna OS and do not "upgrade" (term is used loosely) to Belle.  If you update to Belle, you're screwed.  I'm changing from 5 stars to 1 star because Nokia does not offer a roll back option and now I have wasted $300 on a phone with less than half of the functionality it had when I first bought it.  But don't just take my word for it.  Go to Nokia's own website and search "Downgrading from Belle to Anna", the results may shock you at how unhappy people are with it.  Goodbye Nokia, hello Blackberry!

After being a user of Nokia E71, E52 and E72, i was looking for a replacement of my Nokia E72.This is a good option, since i tested a Motorola Milestone with Android to see if Milestone 2 could be a winner. And it didn't seduce me.So, i bought this Nokia E6, installed the Lotus Traveler PushMail client, Nokia own client with HTML support, and went to the road. :)- Excellent battery life!- Excellent quality of audio over bluetooth (i have an A2DP car stereo).- Awesome screen quality. Resolution could be challenging at first, but it's great with very good legibility.- The same excellent quality of audio in phone calls, and great signal reception.The only not so good point is the notification light... It's VERY weak... But, with Remind Me for Symbian i solved the problem.RegardsMac

Before buying this phone, I read much negative feedback about it. The battery life is reported to be very bad. To some extent, much of the bad reviews are justified, but for those who have used the middle range E series such as E60 and E63, this phone is a logical continuation. True, battery is not that great but with such a virtuous screen, what else to expect? You can customize the phone so as to disable functions that use up the battery. When you use 3.5G, it is normal for the battery to be drained. Furthermore, if you are in a place when the 3.5G is weak the phone will use up its energy trying to get connected. So I advise you to switch to 2G/EDGE if if your region 3.5G signal is weak.I gave this phone a 4 star rating because as a long time E series user, I believe that the 2 keys on the top bottom and right of the screen should have remained physical and not touch-screen type.Also I regret that there is no in-screen keyboard.Otherwise as a long term E series user, this is indeed the best Nokia I have used so far.

I had full touchscreen phones the fruit and the predecessor of 'the next great thing' and was frustrated by the battery and 'keyboards'.The Nokia C6 is great on battery, of course great for typing and the brilliant resolution touchscreen is excellent.Only downside is that the Symbian OS is not the future.If the device would run on Windows 7 or 8, I'd give it 5 stars.Very happy though with the phone as it is.

good afternoon, the team that acquired him in his store received with the problem that the keyboard does not work, which I can not porlo its use, the user manual says nothing about this kind of problem, so I am very dissatisfied with your purchase, I hope your answer and then conduct my evaluation for service

No complaints so far from my fiance, no blemishes or screen issues neither. Arrived between the estimated time. It came with symbian bella os system which was nice.

Let start with basics:1. Battery life is unbeatable: Heavy calling (including SIP over 3G and WiFi, mostly bluetooth headset), e-mail, web , GPS, online radio and I'd like to top it off with  Angry Birds.All above with E6 for 1 day and 1 night and you don't look scared of your shadow thinking? Where's my charger! Note: Activate Power Saving option disables 3G/3.5G, reduces screen brightens continuous e-mail sync with gmail and ability to search though your contacts on the server (in this case gmail contacts). I can't tell how long will battery last with this option activated - I'm guessing longer then required.2. Screen is small but so is the phone and thanks to that fits well everywhere: jeans, sport coat, business suit: Screen is responsive and touchscreen experience is fluid as it should be with 25.8 update3. Contacts! Pure goldmine. Any piece of information can be saved and sorted and accessed. Ability to access your contacts on gmail finally implemented -no workarounds necessary.4. Using phone as hotspot works well. No need for additional charges for privilege of tethering from T-BloodSuckers.5. Multiple VoIP/SIP accounts configurations work well except for the fact that you have to download and install Nokia Symbian^3 SIP VoIP 3.1 separately6. GPS nav and search is trying to compete with google maps and overall experience is great -garim stays @ homeFact that I've never experienced many problem previous reviews point out only speaks volume to the fact how Nokia quality assurance slips and customers feel like beta testers. I lived through E71 (best phone and innovation at the time) than came E72 (some kinda mistake) and here we are with E6 (big relieve and improvement in my productivity department). My home is full of android HTC's and LG's and Samsung G2 so go figure.To summarize this phone works when I need it most with price point that was right for me. Thanks for reading and good luck.

Had this baby for 2 weeks now and it is great, highly recommended if you like this kind of form factor. I've had (touch wood) none of the software problems other posters have listed such as random reboots or freezes, but I keep 3rd party apps to a minimum, so maybe that's got a lot to do with it. Love it so far. Here are some pros and cons:PROS:-- amazing battery life. With light-moderate use this lasts over 3 days. Really.-- keyboard is a dream to type on. I've used BBs in the past, this is nicer. Much nicer.-- Screen is bright and clear. The pixels per inch are equal to Iphone 4, so you can imagine how great pics look on this. Sure it's a smaller screen, but the density is just superb.-- preloaded apps are good, especially Nokia Maps. Maps can be searched and used OFFLINE, so if you're in the subway train or even a different country and data is either non-available or very expensive, you can still use the amazing Maps app for free. Indispensable. Quickoffice is great too.-- Call quality is second to none, but then again, this is a Nokia.-- The combo of qwerty + touchscreen is just perfect, very easy to use and very enjoyable too.-- 2 option to charge, either 2mm old school plug or new micro USB plug.-- on-the-go usb option to use a usb stick to transfer files.-- small, sleek, lightweight and screen is Gorilla Glass, so scratch resistant and very clear.-- Symbian Anna is much better than Symbian^3, it's quicker and snappier and has a few improved features. Symbian Belle will be available for the E6 soon too, improving the UI even more - can't wait for that!CONS:-- apps are not in abundance. The Nokia Store (was Ovi) has fewer apps than their other phones because of the different screen size of the E6. You can get Angry Birds Rio, but not Seasons. You can't get OpenTable. The ones that are available are a bit naff. Hopefully this will change soon.-- email can be a bit choppy. Yahoo simply refuses to refresh sometimes, then it will cascade emails from 2 days ago and overwhelm you. Mail for Exchange is much better though.--  notifications are poor. The led light around the D-pad is so dim it might as well not be there, and the onscreen notifications are zero in standby. Nokia Sleeping Screen (excellent on the N8 and E7) is incompatible with this type of screen so you're stuck with a plain, black screen all the time. If you press the d-pad button you get a 'screensaver' with clock and missed calls and texts, but it's annoying not to be able to glance at the phone and see if anything has been missed. This is by far the E6's biggest let down.-- camera is not auto-focus, so while it takes excellent shots outdoors or with good light, no close ups. None. It's just a blurry mess.Overall:An absolutely wonderful phone to use for typing texts/emails/documents and the battery life is great. It's thin and light and looks great with the silicone case that Nokia make, the CC-1016 - don't get a cheap 3rd party one, the official Nokia ones fit their phones SO much better.Highly recommended if you are not a touchscreen-only person. Thumbs up!***** UPDATE! 11/3/2011:  I've been in contact with a Nokia employee who says Nokia are aware of the D-Pad light problem, and soon they will offer to change it out in Nokia Care Centers around the US for free, as long as the E6 is within warranty. Could be good. Still loving the E6!

This product is everything it is advertised to be...covers all the Global frequencies and the U.S. 2G, 3G and 4G frequencies.  Internet is fast and multiple email access is simple to set up - work, yahoo and gmail.  8 Mpixel camera takes high quality pics and the video capability is simple and easy to use.  The touch screen got a little to get used to, not having had one, but it comes easily.  I would recommend this phone over all others...the phone works great too....not a pc company trying to figure out how to make a phone. I would recommend this to anyone trying to keep up with multiple email accounts and social media that travels Internationally.

The keyboard is QWERTY but was was not mentioned in the description is that there are additional keys (upside down !,?, etc as well as the N with the squiggle across it, etc) and the keyboard does not match the keyboard of the original, English language phone. This is clearly not the phone expected, it does not have the keyboard I want and is not easy to use for a native English speaker.  Very sad, because I liked this phone so much previously that I chose to buy this (old) model rather than a new phone when I lost it.

Wow, what a disappointment. This is the first review I have ever written in my life, but I feel I must warn anyone out there considering the E6-00, DON'T DO IT!! Before buying this phone, I had read some bad reviews but wanted it so badly I chose to ignore them. I thought my search for a combination keypad + touchscreen smartphone (I can't use a blackberry for work) had come to an end. The E6-00 looked GREAT, it had been years since I had owned a Nokia and had always found them reliable. I was REALLY looking forward to getting this phone. I was even willing to accept the laughable lack of apps in the Ovi Store. What a mistake. Everything they said came true; phone constantly froze, would switch itself off and on several times a day despite resetting, poor call quality, SLOW especially emails, and most surprising of all, despite all claims by Nokia the standby time and talk time were criminally short, the worst I have every experienced. The music player interface was terrible but I have to admit I did not get around to downloading a better one. I don't think I was able to use Maps once without the phone crashing. Maybe there was something wrong with my particular phone, but I don't think so. I had to return this phone. So disappointed.

Right out the box I was grateful to see that nokia kept with the stainless steel case and the one touch navigation. There were significant improvements in the camera, video and office capability. As the days to come I found that it wasn't a minor jump in improvements. It seems that Nokia totally cannabises the E71, E72 versions and built the E6 from the ground up. They created significant memory space and room to upgrade, they allow individual to go all day on a single charge. Also the diversity is incredible in creating multiple home screens that can be access at a touch; this makes it easier for someone who has a active lifestyle. I personally like the flexibility on communication in just using the wifi access instead of paying for unnecessary media package this allows me to have full access to the E6 venue without paying unnecessary fees. In short do your homework on features so you can cut any disappointment, this is a well built phone that works very well Nokia give the customer all what they adverise and more.

Recently purchased the Nokia E6. Disappointed for 3 reasons. Wi-Fi keeps shutting off and I have to manually restart the connection. Even happens if the phone is next to the wireless router. Yes, power saving is off. I discovered the older OS "Anna" did not have this issue. Fonts are terrible and too small. My Blackberry had a similar display size and it was very easy to read texts. There is a font magnifier on the E6, but it is lacking.  Connection to my wireless carrier is so-so. Constant drop offs in signals. I will be returning the E6 to Amazon for a refund. Nokia was a top brand at one time and I am surprised at the company's downward spiral. I guess it wants to follow Blackberry's path. Contacted Nokia support and unfortunately, they were not helpful. Read the customer reviews here before my purchase and I should have listened to the negative reviews. I will say the E6 is by far the best cell phone I have had in terms of quality construction. It is attractive and very sturdy. Nokia should be the leader among all the other cell phone companies but obviously isn't motivated to be all it can be.

I love this phone! I enjoy the Symbian platform despite its reluctance to work speedily 100% of the time. Its automatically updating widgets are a great way to see e-mail, social updates and the like. It has a good quality camera with flash, the only issues with it are: close-up images and the shutter sound. Because it is fixed-focus, close-up images are completely blurry. Also, I haven't figured out a way (and have read that there isn't one) to turn the shutter sound off, even on silent mode.Another issue that annoyed me is the lack of details in the call log. Numbers are never repeated. So if someone called you 50x in a row, it will only show the last time that they called. This is really strange and annoying because previous versions of Nokia phones have had more detailed call logs without this deficiency.Everything else I have been quite pleased with. Having the buttons and a touch screen is the ideal combination for an avid texter like I am. The touch screen offers simplicity while the buttons offer preciseness. The home pages are also almost completely customizable with different shortcuts, widgets and backgrounds. Unlike iPhones, where they all look the same (yes, I had one for over a year), this phone practically screams "me". Also, the GPS works without data, so if you're traveling abroad or don't have a data plan, you can still find your way around. ALSO, pictures are sent the old-school way and don't need data unlike other smartphones (samsung, blackberry, iPhone).Maybe I am just a hard-core Nokia fan, but I have had this phone for about a month now and am as ecstatic today as I was the first day I got it. :)

I've been on the smartphone band wagon from the beginning. I have used devices from every platform, and I have a high bar for satisfaction. The Nokia E6 does not completely satisfy me, but it does what I need and does it well.I really became tired of toys posing as phones. How many of you are sick of smart phones which fail the basic premise of being a phone? I know I am and that's what brought me back to Nokia. Simply put, Nokia makes the best phones.There's a myriad of criticisms I could throw at Nokia, more specifically Symbian. But despite it's short comings, it still manages to offer a compelling device in the E6. Any criticisms you read about the E6's email handling are absolutely true. It's rubbish. However, I have found ProfiMail which brings the power of desktop email clients to the mobile platform better than anything else. Its UI is questionable, but it's an excellent email client. I've never seen a client that handles IMAP boxes this well with incredibly fast and accurate searching. So if you're considering the E6 just go ahead and factor in the $24.99 to include ProfiMail in the price.Beyond that, all I have to say is VoIP. The E6 is a powerful SIP/VoIP device. This along with it's penta-band antennae/tuner make this an invaluable tool for the globe trotters out there. It's kinda painful to set up, but once you do you can have nearly free VoIP international calling in your hands.The other "amazing" aspect of this device is the battery life. With moderate use I need to charge my phone once every 3 days. Now you can carelessly install/configure software to suck your battery dry, but if you're conservative with the configuration you can have quick access to data intense applications and "amazing" battery life. I say "amazing" because the current standard for smartphones these days seems to be around 12 hours of moderate usage.Additionally, the bluetooth stack on this device is so much more advanced than anything out there. It's Bluetooth 3.0 and supports these profiles: A2DP, AVRCP, BIP, DUN, FTP, GAP, GAVDP, GOEP, HFP, HSP, OPP, PBAP, SAP, SDP, SPP. It's the only phone I've had that I could get to work with AcuraLink (Acura's in car messaging system). I know some others have mentioned issues with Bluetooth on this device, but my experience has been flawless.I have had problems with the E6, but they are on par with problems I've had with every single smartphone I've ever used (more than 30 different devices). The software is not perfect. It will occasionally lock up. You will have to reboot the device when this happens. I recommend being judicious with 3rd party software as this seems to be the root of most of those type of woes.Overall I'm considering purchasing a backup E6 to have when this device is lost/damaged/worn out. That's how much I'm appreciating this phone. I would also like to hedge my bets on Nokia's brain dead corporate direction in moving to the Windows mobile platform (Did the CEO even look at the amazing N9 before canning it?). If you keep your expectations reasonable and really want a smartphone that excels at being a phone, then you really can't go wrong with the E6.

I've been a Nokia fan/user for over a decade.  I've owned many Nokia phones, ones I can easily recall owning are 8800, e50, e51, e71.  I've been using the e71 since it came out, and it is by far the best phone Nokia has ever made.  I'm not sure why it took Nokia 3 years to put a touchscreen on the e71, but one would think that after 3 years, it would be the greatest, most awesome phone, ever.  It is not.  It isn't even better than the e71.  It simply doesn't feel as nice in hand.  It doesn't look as good.  It just isn't as intuitive and, well, a good all around phone.I've been a long supported of Nokia.  I, until recently, genuinely beleived they are still the best phone maker, and that they will come back, etc.  They are not, and odds are that they will never come back.  They have a CEO who is more concerned with the success of Microsoft WP (it failed when it was first announced) than Nokia.  One phone that is generating buzz, Nokia N9, he said it will be the first and last Meego phone.  That really works wonders in getting people excited about an upcoming phone.  He did the same with Symbian.To sum it up: I will be returning the phone because it has many of the problems other reviewers had mentioned, and most importantly....I am returning it because Nokia e71 is a better phone and I enjoy using it more.  I will be using the e71 until I find another qwerty phone that is comparable to it.  The new BB 9900 Touch is amazing, the only problem is that I found it to be too wide/big.Word of advice to Nokia....Take Nokia e71.  Make the exact same phone with the fastest processor (why does Nokia e6 have such a slow processor compared to its competition!? yet the price is on par) you on the market, put a touchscreen in it and don't do anythign else to it.  Everything about that phone is perfect.Nokia, stop being delusional.  You are not a market leader anymore.  You peaked with Nokia e71.  Either make great, quality phones to justify the price tag...or sell this junk (in comparison to e71) for $200.PS. The apostrophe key, as one of the other reviewers had mentioned, has moved and you have to hold the shift key and L for it...Who though that would be a good idea!?This alone would make me return the phone as it slows down typing quite significantly and throws you off rhytm when texting/e-mailing.

Bought this Used/Reconditioned. This looked like a good deal. WRONG! The problem is that the product was defective from the start.  I did not realize that I was suppose to have some functionality while in the middle of a call, until the phone decided to show me that functionality.  It functioned correctly with call-options, such as mute and record, on three occasions.  During the malfunctioning state (most of the time), during a call the screen goes black, hiding all the options that it suppose to show.  If you check the Nokia site you will find this is a problem (probably related to the proximity sensor).

I've just tested this phone in a store, it was better than expected, considering the Nokia E71 and the BlackBerry 9000 and 9780 have been part of my resources for benchmarking mobile phones.  As usual, Nokia brings a very useful tool for the interested in working on the road or during vacations, but also using it as a tool for complementing vacations and  headache free trips while having documents and information necessary to have a plan almost for any activity.  Many other comments must read and reviews must be searched, but this may be one of the best options, even for those like me are looking very carefully the touchscreen alternative with a qwerty included. Also consider the E5 if budget is a limitation.Una mejora sin duda de el E71, considere el E5 si su presupuesto lo requiere, pero de otra forma es una excelente alternativa.

I recently bought the NOKIA E6 and have to say that its all I wanted from a combination touchscreen and qwerty. The Symbian Anna OS is very responsive and precise, the browser is superb and easy to input URL address, save bookmarks and scroll between open pages. It supports one exchange account and multiple gmail and other services emails, push email is easily enabled in the settings for both exchange and gmail accounts. The keyboard is superb, better than E71, as the buttons are somewhat wider and tactile perception is superb. 8 MP camera pics are great and easy to share to with social networks and by email. Overall I am highly satisfied with this touchscreen qwerty combo in the E71 form.

Uno de los celulares con mejor dise&ntilde;o del mercado, es super delgado y posee el nuevo sistema operativo symbian Anna. Lo recomiendo

This device was shipped with the last OS from Symbian. I returned the device as the product was ok but for over $300.00 get an andriod device. I got the Samsung Captivate which was less than $300.00 and much more powerful and comes with the android upgradable OS. I use to like Nokia but no longer. The Nokia did have a great camera and both a qwerty keypad and touchscreen. I wanted a large display and went with the 4 inch screen.

My wife had a NOKIA phone before, I believe it was the E71, but I'm not sure. She doesn't like the new smartphones, mostly because of the battery life and unnecessary features.At first, she didn't like the phone because it didn't have Chinese language support on it.  But after updating the system/OS to...Belle? This phone then became everything she was looking for, a smartphone for occasional web browsing, slim, no gaming, no music, emails, Chinese language support, and long battery life (averages 3-4 days without charging, beats my Blackberry which lasts only a day).

It has just been days since I received the phone but it is starting to do wonders for me. I used to have a samsung smartphone before the nokia E6. I disliked the fact that phone these days don't have a physical keyboard. With the Nokia E6 I love the incorporation of the touch display together with a physical qwerty keyboard. The keys are very much responsive. The spacing between the keys are a little bit cramped in the Nokia E6 but they still are one of the very good keyboards out in the market. the display is impressive considering that it's not a big screen size but still gives a very good picture quality. About the pre-installed apps, they really come in handy specially with those E6 users who are into business/marketing. the Os is responsive to common tasks. I noticed that it sometimes lags when you download large files but after the installation, zoom!! zoom!! The built quality is superior. You won't be hearing rattles when you shake the phone. The speaker's quality is good. I was not able to hear any static noise or experience dropped calls when trying to call from the phone. Overall a very good quality phone considering the price below $500. I would not compare the phone to blackberry's new qwerty touch phone (bold 9900) since the E6 is only 380 bucks compared to blackberry which is around 800 bucks. I personally would buy the E6 and put the 400 dollar difference in my wallet.:)By the way, the ovimaps are a swell to use since you will be able to use it even without internet (offline). Another thing is that its pre-installed with joikuspot premium! With this app you will be able to share your phone network's data plan with your laptop and other devices, and fully connect it to the internet for free! no more buying air cards, extra data plans nor searching for wifi hotspots!!! give it a try. this phone works wonders!.

I received a Costa Rica phone, with all preset specifications of MOVISTAR.CR. The Nokia box had been opened.  The 'Nokia' seal was broken.  A red seal had been placed over the Nokia seal.  All inside seemed fine, except the instruction manual (as well as the box description) is in the local language, not English.When I turned on the phone, it said MOVISTAR, and refused to work with my U.S. sim card.I am now spending a weekend online attempting to find out how to change all the settings which need to be changed, so that I can use this 'unlocked' phone with my current U.S. sim card.Had I known I would receive an international phone with complications, I might have gone a different direction, or sought the same product on a different website.

Phone restarts excessively, sometimes it will restart and only work for a few seconds, before restarting again...and again...and again.Sending to Nokia to fix it. We'll see if they can.Damn shame, as I've had E61/63/70/71/72/73. The 6 is the only one blemishing the reputation of the E series from personal experience

I was excited when Nokia announced the E6 - I've been awaiting a worthy replacement for a my trusty E71 which, although it was served me very well, is getting long in the tooth. I read the reviews of the E72 and from what I could gather, it seemed to take a step back from the E71 in some ways. I thought for sure that Nokia would take the best from the E71 & E72 and create a great phone.All I can say is, they failed miserably. On paper this looks like a great phone, and the hardware is great (the screen is beautiful) but the interface is jerky, and the function hierarchy  is  ridiculously complex. The "Fully Customizable Home Screens" are only somewhat customizable (the three panels on the left are fixed).The worst part is the email - it hasn't taken a step back, it took a ride in Doc Brown's DeLorean back to 2003. I suppose it might work fine for folks with standard Exchange or web accounts, but I use different outgoing (SMTP) and incoming (IMAP) mail services and the Nokia software wants to assume that the account info is the same for  both accounts. If it's not, mail appears to be forwarded through Nokia's own SMTP servers, completely with mangling of the "from" addresses. To be honest, the E71 had the same quirk but I was at least able to work around that. Those work-arounds don't work with the E6.On the plus side, the social media (Twitter & Facebook) integration is pretty good, and the touch screen interface (with it's haptic feedback) seems to blend well with the keyboard. The battery seemed to go strong after messing around with it for a day. Also the free Maps program seems to be somewhat improved.But all in all, this was a big disappointment and it's going back. Maybe after a couple of firmware upgrades the phone will meet it's potential, but it's not there yet. As for me,  I'm stuck waiting to see if there will be a decent unlocked iPhone in the fall, otherwise I may be using my E71 for another year.

Amazing touch screen that responds effectively. Awesome App features, especially the Ovi Maps. Battery lasts long. This is a handy device for those individuals who savor a no-frills smartphone...

HiI is a very good phone as Nokia's phone but it is slow compared to the newer phones. The touch screen is not easily activated. I got this phone because it has a full key pad but they are crowded. All in all it is a good phone but it is expensive for that price.

the phone itself works good. but it was dropped before and was bumped on the corner . with new accessories and manual. but not in the original box

The browser is still slow compared to my android - flash is a joke as it doesn't play most videos, push for email doesn't work (even with exchange it's sporadic), and the notification light for emails isn't bright enough, and the vibration doesn't work either. And this is supposed to be a business phone. Returning.

This phone is amazing!!! I've had it for over a year now and it's still going strong- one thing i'll tell you- do NOT upgrade to Nokia Belle. It does not function well on this device. Also, AMAZING battery life!!!! I charge it once a week and use it pretty heavily. The high price is definitely justified!!

Dear alls, I have a doubt with respect to my buy, because don't come "wired headset, connectivity cable, quick start guide".I will waiting as soon as possible answer.Kind Regards.Nimer Arroliga

Nokia E6, it's good, service was amazing, I can't ask for more je je... I loved it to buy from here

The combination of querty and touch screen is really cool, you can't ask more for a cellphone of this size and with Symbiam OS, it sucks that for instance; LINE software doesn't exist for Nokia, but I got from this phone all what I need daily, it open 3 windows in the browser only but it is enough for navigating for addresses and stuffs, it is a plus that it has 3 different memory sources including the SD microcard, you can save lots of songs.I am satisfied with this product, I would by again, definitively.
