
Cons...no kickstand but for 15 bucks I got a case that included this.Some people don't like Sprint network qualityYou have to pay 10 bucks a month more for 4g, even if you don't use it.Pros: Where to start...3d camera!3d video camera!Dual Core processor!Webcam!Android!Dedicated camera button!Huge, responsive screen!I had the iphone 4 when it first came out... I was disappointed (webcam only with wifi, didn't like iphone OS, no 4G) and switched to evo 4G and never looked back.  The Evo 3d is just an upgraded Evo 4g... Best phone thus far

Well I got the EVO 3d from amazon wireless and it rocks . First off all  I have to say Amazon is the best. I got this phone for 1 cent on there sale day. First off the phone is smooth and fast .It also has a good CPU and gpu so it games well.  The phone to the ear works very well and the features of the phone are nice. The 3d is pretty cool too. The speaker phone could be a little louder but its tolerable and I got a huge aftermarket 3400mah battery because the stock one doesn't last long . I had a tmobile galaxy s 2 and this phone has the same specs minus the CPU such is just a little slower. Sprints service isn't bad there internet is the only unlimited so went with them. There 4g is a bit shaddy but I guess you can't have it all.

I upgraded this from HTC EVO 4G. It has a faster processor and the HTC sense is nice. Of corse the 3D feature is the talk of my team mates.

As a previous Iphone & Evo 4G user this new 3D is a horrible phone.  It is fast, but that doesn't make up for ite functioning so poorly.  The screen rarely works properly and I find myself restarting it frequently.  I am going to switch back to my 4g Evo as that was the best phone I've owned in my 15 years of cell phones.  Evo 3D = Fail

I too was on the fence on buying this phone since I do have an HTC EVO 4G and with the Gingerbread 2.3.3 release it has been wonderful.  I decided to go ahead a treat myself and made the purchase.The Pros:1.  HTC Sense 3.0 is absolutely the best custom UI on the market at this time. Very refined and many enhancements over the previous version that was included in the HTC EVO 4G.2.  Features galore.  There are many subtle options built into the OS that many reviews don't mention like enable power efficiency and turn on power saver when your battery is @ xxx %.3.  3D. Definitely a gimmick but once you see it in person it has a certain WOW factor that is hard to get over.4.  Battery life is good. This is mostly because of the OS version of Android 2.3.3 which the original HTC EVO 4G received recently and the battery life on that is now good as well.5.  Very responsive and fast.6.  iphone style texting with the speech bubbles.  I know I'm a sucker for style and flash.The Cons:1.  No kickstand.  I did go to HTCPedia.com and purchased the hard case with kickstand but it is on backorder.2.  Speaker Volume is not as loud as the original HTC EVO 4G.  Definitely noticeable so don't let the other reviewers tell you otherwise.3.  USB Charging port was moved to the left side of the phone.  I preferred the bottom myself.All in all, it is a great phone and I am please to have it.  If you are on the fence and can afford it, why not?  Is this phone a huge step up from the original HTC EVO 4G?  Probably not so if you don't care for the extra bells and whistles, you can probably get away with keeping the EVO 4G for another year.

This phone is FAST!  There are no weaknesses!  The 3D is gimmicky and is an afterthought.  But this phone's speed and versatility truly is remarkable.  I'm glad I waited for this phone!

This is a great phone, especially since I saved $150 dollars by purchasing it at amazon wireless. I already have a primary phone from another carrier and I really just got this one for the 3d. My only problem is with the 4g antenna. I live in Las Vegas which has an abundance of 4g towers, yet the signal continuosly fades in and out, which is annoying while streaming movies and music unless you are standing in one place.

this phone is the biggest peice of crap i've ever owned it doesnt stay charged long you have to end applications if you want your phone to last past 2 hours i'm on my second 3d cause the touch screen wants to be retarded and not work anymore the 3d only applies to pictures that you take with the phone and some games that are bought i only wish i could give this phone 0 stars thats how bad it sucks

PRO:Evo3D is the successor to the widely successful HTC EVO 4G that launched on Sprint  in 2010. This phone has a better screen (higher resolution, better contrast), better processor (Qualcomm S3 as opposed to S1 in the original) better battery life (compared to EVO 4G) and is running Gingerbread with sense 3.0. The only thing missing from EVO3D that was available on the original EVO is the stand which you can get if you buy a (specific) cover. It has MHL port which allows it to be connected to TVs via an MHL to HDMI cable (same price as mini HDMI to regular HDMI cable).3D camera on this phone works really well and the 3D screen is easy to view. I viewed 3D as an added benefit and I have not been disappointed. Pictures taken through this phone look great.CON:In my experience the screen is prone to scratches so contrary to some reports it does NOT have gorilla glass screen. The resolution on this phone is qHD and the screen is SLCD (not IPS ) but the performance of the screen is much better than EVO. The colors are vibrant and text is crisp. After using this my EPIC 4G's screen did not look as good to me as before. I still think that a (non-pentile) SAMOLED Plus screen with 720p resolution would probably look better but this is the next best thing (so not as big a con as it may seem).

please never buy this phone,i bought two of these phones 1 for me and one for my wife,the first one within a week start freezing and restarting so i returned it because i have a thirty day satisfaction time,and now the second one after three month start giving us a hard time,if some one calls me i cant hear the volume,even the volume is high,its showing me htc error,now i have to take this phone to the customer service,anyways i dont wana disappoint you but thats truth,even the battery drains so easily if u wana buy just buy the htc evo 4g,i have that one now,thats much much better than the htc evo 3d

I went back and forth doing research until I decided on the evo 3D. I'm very happy with my purchase.  I've had it since launch week and I've had no problems.  I love how fast it is, I love how customizable it is, I love I have unlimited data.  The battery life was bad at first, but it just takes a little getting used to and optimizing your settings, now I can go 24+ hrs without charging.  It's full of useless apps sprint puts on it, but those won't get on your way.  The 3D is cool, but I have not used it after the first month, but still cool to show off to my iphone owning friends!You can't go wrong with this phone.  PS we are getting ICS soon!

Hardware:I didn't purchase this phone for the 3D capabilities, but instead for the dual core 1.2 gHz processor, and high resolution screen. I wasn't interested in the 3D because I always felt like it was a gimmick, but it turns out it is now one of my favorite features on the phone! Once my eyes got used to it, taking 3D photos, and recording 3D video ended up being what I spent the most time doing on the first day, really impressed. I definitely recommend this phone even if you're not into the 3D. The performance is great, the screen resolution is one of the best for Android devices (540x960), and the colors/brightness look great in 2D.Software:HTC Sense and Android 2.3 provide over 80 widgets, 3D camera and camcorder, and 3D version of Green Hornet is amazing. The 3D Spiderman gave me a headache, and I wish it had better graphics, but some may enjoy it. Won't get into reviewing Android, since I'm sure there are plenty of reviews on that.Overall:Would definitely recommend this phone! I switched from my Verizon iPhone 4 even taking a loss on all the games/apps I purchased :( and I am very satisfied.

I couldn't be more pleased!  The one thing this bad boy is missing is a Root, and that's gotta be coming soon.

Like the title says. The phone is the best. The first EVO was definitely the best phone at the time like an year ago, but this, the new EVO 3D, is unbelievable. It's so fast, it's durable, it's slim. Has a huge screen with great display. AND it's Android so you get a lot more functions and features. Can't beat it.

I am writing this review to compare the HTC 3D vs HTC 4G.Bottom line.The HTC 3D has volume issues.1. The speaker on the HTC 3D is not as big or powerful as the HTC 4G.2. The HTC 3D has volumes issues with the software that hopefully will be fixed with an update.  At the present time, the volume settings do not stay put when you move the phone sound profile from "Normal" to "Vibrate" and back to "Normal".I am returning to the store to return the 3D and getting a 4G.

I love this phone!! i wasnt going to get it at first. I could have had it early being sprint premeier, but i wanted to read all the reviews before i made the jump. also i wasnt due for a full discount seeing that i bought my hero couple months after it came out, and sprint changed there policy on new upgrades.luckily sprint allowed me to get this phone for full discount 6 months early. I have checked out all the high-end phones on every big 3 carrier for months now. and the first time i played around with this phone i was blown away!! first off the specs are amazing, dual-core 1.2ghz snapdragon, 4.3in qhd screen, gryoscope, proxmity sensor, adreno 220 gpu. ect. ect.. the phone flies!! sense 3.0 is a big step up, and i love it! plain android is so boring i love  htc and sense!! the camera while only being 5megapixel blows my heros camera(also 5) out of the water. and the 3d, which i was not sure at all about, boy am i surprised how much i like the 3d part. green hornet in 3d is very very cool. its an extra that really seprates itself from every other phone. even if you dont like 3d at all or you feel its a fad or a gimmick, it is really wicked to be able to watch 3d or take pics for those extra wow moments!! and with this phone there are alot. android is to me the best o.s. also dont worry about some reviews like engadget that havent rated this phone as high as some. they are rushed to get reviews on the net and never really take time to appreciate a phone like this. as each day passes im really loving this phone more and more. the bulid quality is very good. the voice quality is also top notch. i have compared the evo 3d to my last 2 sprint phones for voice and signal quality, and it holds calls where my hero would drop them. and it is on par with my moto renegade flip phone for signal which was one of the better sprint phones for reception. bottom line Get The Evo 3D!

I've been with traditional phones for over 15 years...and finally had the desire for a smart phone due to enjoy a lot of fun from listening K-pop music stuff!! I'd so glad to have this phone to be my first smartphone ever!!! It could broadcast songs from my favorite music sites...although not all of them, but neither on other phones!! To be a brand new smartphone beginner like me, I can figure out the funtions just after 2 to 3 days, and made my own configuration of the screens and functions. I was confused by buying a HTC 4G or EVO 3D for my need of listening the music, because the sound from 4G is really lounder than 3D... But if I use the earphone or just listen it from my car, I am satisfied with the performance. The other thing and the most important thing to me is the battery life, so I think to go for 3D do giving me a more satisfied one than 4G. I don't expect to bring an extra battery just for a need of a day under regular phone and internet usage while not accessable to the car charger or outputs... =D

This is a good phone. I bought it to upgrade from Nexus One (unlocked) and because of the 1.2 ghz dual core processor and 1 g of processor memory.few things:Good:1. I went in buying this phone with "3d is a gimmick" thought, but I think it's more than that. I think 3d feature is just a stepping stone for what 5 years in the future looks like where everything would be in 3d. I think there is a great market for it because the application for 3d goes way beyond than just what we see today, so I think this phone is a productive progress2. 3d pictures and video works well. There is a narrow angle and distance you have to keep it to enjoy the 3d, but it's worth it, I think. 3d (yt3d tagged)youtube videos work well with this phone.3. processing speed: never slowed down once running 12 apps. Google Sky worked so fast without lag, I could see how it's vastly different than 1ghz processor.4. feel of the material is superior to any other phone I saw.5. Green Hornet Movie: It was ok to watch it. Wasn't so "wow" by it since the screen size, but it was still cool. You have to sign up with "watch", download 4 updates first before you could watch this. Also, turn "schedule update" unchecked.6. the battery life isn't great as I hoped, but can't complaint. It's either great battery life like Black Berry and wait forever for anything to work, or sacrifice battery life for performance.Bad: (it's mostly ergonomics of the phone, but there are tons of things crammed in this tiny phone, so it's understandable)1. I do like the dedicated phone button but it sort of in the way when you're holding the phone.2. the size of the phone is skinny, and that's good to carry it in the pocket but not very comfortable in your hands.3. the plastic screen for the cameras always have finger print on them because that's where my fingers go when I'm holding the phone, so I have to wipe it before taking the pictures4. 3d picture isn't so good with light and dark contrast. It will only do well in a well lit room5. the 2d picture comes out oversaturated and the 3d picture is almost better at controlling the white balance than the 2d picture. However, the 2d picture does better at low light6. Speaker is a joke on this phone. But worked very well with the headset (Klipsch Image S4). Phone calls are decent but it does skip a bit, but there is a amplify option under accessibility setting which worked great.7. 4G sucks. Haven't been able to get on 4G anywhere in South Maryland.Overall, excellent phone with amazing features, and processor speed that will make any impatient people like me happy.

This phone simply rocks.  Features are covered very well in other posts.I disagree on the battery life, I have mine getting about what my Blackberry got, which was not a full day either, but that is why we have car and desktop chargers!  (Think about it, your can't drive your car for a full day without refueling and that technology has existed for 100 years plus.)The couple low reviews are from someone who doesn't own the phone (and probably still lives in his mom's basement) and someone who likely didn't update the devices software to the latest PRL, which you need to do periodically for all devices.Try this device, you will love it.  Fast, stable, good looking, and a whole lot of apps!

Pros:- Battery management included in the software (explanation included in summary)- Application / Memory management included in the software (explanation included in summary)- QHD screen which displays full web pages equal to a PC- Build quality- 800mhz frequency added to this phones radio- The 3d works which makes it more than a gimmickCons:- Would prefer more internal storage.- High resolution display makes the icons smaller which you may not like coming from a phone with a lower resolution display because it may strain your eyes.- Not full root capable at this time but HTC is working on it (so are the XDA developers)Summary: Summary of the Pros:I have always been a fan of HTC sense and its widgets. This version provides a user experience like no other. There are days were I like to position or day trade in the stock market and the HTC stock widget app is great for monitoring stocks' current trading price and it includes charts. I also make use of the HTC calendar for scheduling my appointments with clients. It is beautiful to look at and it works well.There is a battery management system included (go to menu,settings then power...) to enable power efficiency or power saving profiles that you can tweak to your needs. I like this because it eliminates the need to install a third party app. When you pull down the drawer from the top of the screen and touch "quick settings" at the bottom, there is an option that reads, "total memory".Touch "total memory" to open a list of currently running programs which you can move to the sd card... Here you can also stop select programs from running, or touch the "kill all" button on the bottom to shut off everything that is listed, this is another great accessible feature that will do well on its on without the need for a third party task killer.The QHD screen is very responsive and great for web browsing. I know a lot of people have been reading the reviews on the Samsung Galaxy s2 and its super amoled plus screen. I went to an at&t; store and looked at the samsung infuse which uses the same super amoled plus screen as the samsung gs2. Yes the colors look more rich than the QHD display, but in some areas the amoled was over saturated. Supposedly the new gs2 will feature a way of turning down the saturation. In short the difference was not enough for me to claim the super amoled plus screen as vastly superior to a super LCD QHD display. Plus this phone's build quality is solid, another improvement over the origanal EVO 4G. The photos you see on the web on this phone do not do it justice. I looks much better in person.This phone has an upgraded radio which supports the 800mhz band. What this means is that when Sprint is done migrating the IDEN network used for Nextel, this phone will be able to make use of the 800mhz frequency. What does that mean to you? Basically your reception will increase inside buildings because lower radio frequencies penetrate through walls better.I have viewed 3d content such as the green hornet, yes like most people have said what you see is depth in your viewing. But, there are times where you do have images that look like they pop of the screen. To have an idea what I am talking about watch the scene were Kato goes into the frig to get two beers, when he spins off both of the bottle caps you do see the affect where it looks like the bottle caps came at you off the screen. There are also plenty of you tube content in 3d.Summary of cons:In comparison to the samsung gs2 and the photon this phone comes up short on internal memory but I guess that is the trade of for the 3d cameras.My other issue is the higher resolution screen. While I like the better view of webpages and increased legibility of text, I have a hard time texting with one hand because the characters on the keyboard are smaller. Not that big of an issue but I do make more mistakes now then I did before with the original EVO.Conclusion:This phone is a smart purchase. I did not buy this phone for its 3d capabilities but for its dual core processor, gpu and ram. I had considered waiting for the samsung gs2 and photon to be released before I made by decision but I decided to go with the EVO 3d because my experience with HTC has never been negative. In comparison to the Samsung, the latest samsung designs tries to hard to be an iphone clone, which just annoys me regardless of what hardware its built with. The motorola photon just seems boring, its only strong point is its GSM support and Internal storage. GSM is something I will barely use. The EVO 3D does everything I need, fast and with style. It has a rich feature set for all types of users.

Have had this phone since out came out and can only get about 4 hours put of it even if I never even turn the screen on. By lunch time I will be at 7%. They won't cover the battery with insurance either.

I just got this phone today (edit: Update below!), so I'm no expert, but I can say definitively that this is one of the most intuitive phones around. I've been (predominately) with Blackberry for the past couple of years, and while nice, I really wanted the Android experience. This is a great phone for pros and noobs alike. The interface and navigation is so intuitive, I was tweeting on Twidroyd and checking my email within the first 10 minutes. Setup was a breeze; 3D pictures are AMAZING. It's really holographic. Sound is clear, weight is solid, customization is easy.For electronics reviews, I usually like to point out any flaws, just to give people a heads up. Since I've only had it since 8 am this morning, the list of flaws isn't long, but here goes:- While purchasing, the Sprint saleslady kept getting error 67 (internet connection). She switched to 4G and thought it was fixed... until I get in my car and realize I had no data connection. After a quick charge and reboot, the error went away and I haven't seen it since.- The QWERTY keyboard is really only usable in landscape mode. Maybe a DUH statement, but just a heads up. I'm a lady with slender fingers, and for the life of me, it's impossible to type while holding the phone upright. Get used to two-handed typing for a while. The screen is VERY sensitive.- The camera's default setting makes everyone look green. You've got to spend some time getting things just right in the settings before you start taking pics or filming. There also aren't that many filters and effects to choose from as I would expect. Luckily there are myriad apps to fill this gap.- The motion sensor is extremely sensitive. You can be in the middle of something, barely move the phone, and the entire screen you were working in just disappears. Part of this may be my unfamiliarity with it, but some things I would think are just basic. I recommend re-calibrating the G-sensor, or disabling this feature in the settings if you know you aren't a delicate person.- The cameras lay flat on whatever surface you set the phone down on, setting it up for scratches. I was expecting this based on pictures, but it's still disappointing to say the least. The main feature of the phone is the camera, so I'd expect a recessed groove or something. Oh well, nothing a case can't fix.-  It's now 6 pm and I just got prompted to do a system update. Kind of surprising, being that it's the first day, but I guess I'm glad for any bug fixes this early in the game. Maybe it fixed that error 67 problem.- The battery cover is a pain to take off (like most HTCs). Considering I just spent a hundred bucks on this thing, I'm not too keen on the whole "pry it apart til it snaps off" thing.Overall, I feel this is a solid phone that will give me at least a good year and half of use. It remains to be seen if it will have the space/memory issues that past HTC phones have had. Will update.--Update 7-1-11: I've had the phone for a week now, so here are a few more things I've noticed. It's faster to run a marathon than to charge this battery. I suppose that's to be expected, since it's so huge and all, but seriously? You must, MUST figure out how to charge this phone, otherwise it won't keep a charge past 3 hours of normal use. Here is what I do:- Charge at home with phone OFF. It will take around forever hours and eternity minutes. Seriously, I've had this phone for a week and I've only seen the green "fully charged" light THREE TIMES.- Unplug once done, then turn phone on. Use as normal.- At night, charge again until done (or near done), then leave it unplugged and locked, with the wifi, gps, 4g, & mobile network turned off (if you're okay with that).- In the morning, plug it in and go shower, etc. It will be fully charged or as close to it as possible, and it will hold that charge for a great amount of time.Some other things I do for the battery life are turning the brightness down to ~50%, never playing too many videos/mp3s while unplugged, and making sure to clear the task manager after checking my email or running an app (I tried ATK and found that I can do better without it). I also close any windows in my browser that I'm not using, disable background updating for my apps, and keep it plugged into my car charger whenever I'm in the car. I do, however, use a Live wallpaper, Live lock screen, and I do lots of web browsing, Market shopping/downloading, tweeting, etc., so it's not like I'm a light user. I'm just light on the media apps.Speaking of which, I definitely recommend downloading the following apps:Better Keyboard 8 - The phone comes pre-installed with CrapBoard, which you can tweak by repeating the calibration step 5 times, but you will still hit the letter A when you meant to hit the letter S. Also, if you like to type in any language other than English or Spanish, you're SOL. I settled upon Better Keyboard 8 after testing out a variety of keyboards. This one requires no calibration, it's very intuitive, and there is no learning curve, unlike Swype.Zedge - The selection of ringtones that come with the phone is pitiful, and to set a custom notification sound, you have to plug the phone into your computer and create a new folder called "Notifications", then paste your sound clips in there. WAY too much work. Zedge cuts out the middleman and lets you download ringtones, then immediately set them for notification or ringtone. It's even got rare songs, international music, and pop culture sounds. The entire database is user-updated, so if someone thought of it, it's out there, for free. They also offer wallpapers, but I haven't seen one I would actually use (mostly teenage boy stuff; half naked girls on cars, etc.).Equalizer - The volume of ringtones is very low, even when you max it out. I could barely hear my message notification when the phone is in the outside pocket of my purse. With Equalizer, that's not a problem anymore.I'm also a bit bummed about how little 3D content is out there for the phone. Yes, it's new, but you would think that someone would make some 3D wallpapers, at least. When you search for "3D wallpapers", all that comes up is regular 2D-3D, the non holographic type. While those look cool, they don't fully utilize the 3D capability of the Evo 3D. Kinda bugs me that I can watch YouTube videos in real pop-out 3D, a Hollywood movie in real pop-out 3D, but I can't have a plain old picture in 3D? I guess I could take one myself, but you would think HTC should have covered that base. The only reason I can think of is that 3D pictures only really look 3D when the phone is turned sideways, in landscape. Most wallpapers are made for portrait. Still, I don't care, I want 3D! I paid for it! lol.There haven't been anymore firmware updates since the debut date. I have not experienced any app problems or lag.The call quality is fine at home, a tad static-y outside and at work. I talk less than 50 minutes a month though, so I don't really care.So those are the negatives. To sum up my overall feelings though, after a week with the Evo 3D, I'm even more pleased with my purchase than before. Will update again if there is anything important I can think of.

Pros:- Bright, hi-resolution display- Blazing-fast processor- Sense Interface, very intuitive and easy to use- Quality build, non-slip back- If you live in 4G coverage - speeds are cable modem comparable.- Dedicated camera and 2D/3D buttons.- Lots of RAM makes easy work of multitasking.- Loud Speakerphone.In-Between:- Camera is ok. Not bad, not great.- Battery is very good under 3G and will go a whole day. Under 4G, maybe 6-7hours.- USB/Charging port has an awkward side-mount placement.Cons:- 3D takes time to get used to, you'll either love it or hate it- No kickstand like its namesake.Overall a very good successor to the EVO 4G that came out last year but tweaked to correct that previous phone's shortcomings. Very solid device and the form-factor works better as a taller version of its predecessor while maintaining the same screen size (4.3"). Feels great in the hand. The new Sense UI overlay atop of stock Android is definitely the most notable improvement.  The live/widget-based lock screen is worth the price of upgrade itself. Free 3D Spiderman game, 3D Green Hornet movie and 3D YouTube videos round out the main moniker of the phone and are fun to play with - but the real value of 3D is seeing 3D pictures of your family for the first time that brings a whole new perspective to your personal photos.Highly recommended.

The phone functions as a phone BUT ever feature they add seems to be followed with a bug. The 3D itself adds nothing to the phone is rarely used. From my research and understanding the music player and youtube along with many other features on the phone bug up and start to open up random programs and get in the way, it will freeze up and shut down and sometimes the touch screen will lock up and require you to have to restart the phone or find some other way to un-freeze the phone. If you REALLY want to try the 3D, be my guest but it is NOT worth the money.

I upgraded to this phone from my beloved Evo 4G, which was just running out of space on me.  While this one didn't have QUITE as much internal space as I would have wished for, given the increase in the number of apps able to be moved to the SD card, I'm hoping this won't prove an issue for me between now and the time I upgrade again.For me, the choice came down to this and the Samsung Epic 4G Touch.  While both will be upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwich (unlike the Evo 4G), I was a little nervous investing the extra money in the Epic Touch given Samsung's not-so-stellar history with pushing out updates and fixing software problems.  Reviewing the Android forums and discovering a known LOS issue with the radio on the Epic Touch (which has not been addressed by Samsung despite it being around for a while) solidified my decision.  Much as I regret the drop in internal storage, I think I made the right choice between the two.  The specs on the Epic Touch are better on paper, but if you can't reliably make a call or utilize the 3G data, what good does it do you?  HTC has historically made solid hardware, and have a reputation for better-than-average updates and bug fixing, so it didn't take much to sway me toward brand loyalty here.In any case, I went with the 3D and have not been disappointed.  The dual-core processor is a stunning step-up from the Evo 4G - videos on YouTube and Tout load noticeably faster than on my iPad, and certainly faster than the Evo 4G. I'm not a gamer, but I have no doubt it would impress in this area as well. The Sense interface is smooth and efficient, making me even more glad I did not go with Samsung and their TouchWiz interface, which seems to be an acquired taste.  I happen to like the extra bells and whistles Sense provides, although it does take up more space.The 3D feature is a bit of a non-issue with me, as I played with it for the first day or two, then turned it off.  It's a little gimmicky, and the pictures and videos take up much more space than the standard pictures, which can be shared with Facebook or emailed easily.  I was a little worried the standard picture quality would not be as good as the Evo 4G, as I was downgrading from an 8MP camera to a 5MP in this one, but so far that has not been the case.  The camera on the 3D takes what looks to be equal quality pictures, but has a faster response time, which is great for capturing those quick shots of moving kids.  It's also great having the editing functions built in and immediately available after taking the picture.There are a few niggling irritants, which I will probably find workarounds for given a little time.  The sound profiles are noticeably lower than the 4G, and, I think, low by any phone's standard.  Even the vibrate option is a low buzz that is difficult to hear in my quiet office.  I relied on the sound of the vibration to alert me to my notifications without disturbing my co-workers, but I now find myself missing alarms, etc.  I may become more sensitive to the sound after a time, given that I've been used to the louder buzz of the Evo 4G.  The battery life is also far less than stellar.  Given that I'm a "power user", I usually have various programs and notifications running in the background (and am fond of the beautiful live backgrounds), but I don't do anything more on this phone (at least at this point) than I did on the 4G, and battery life on this device is a good bit shorter.  I will probably replace the stock 1500 mAh battery with a third-party battery that is larger, and carry a spare, so this is not a HUGE issue for me, as I am usually near a power source for the most part.Another thing that is proving increasingly frustrating is the desktop dock mode.  I somehow completely missed this feature on my 4G, so I was delighted to find it on this one, but I may end up discontinuing the use of it.  It's a beautiful feature, with the instant look at weather, Facebook timeline and clock (or, alternately, user's calendar or pictures), but has no support for the vibrate sound profile.  I missed notifications left and right for the first few days before I realized that when I put the phone in my dock when it was set to vibrate, dock mode changed the profile to silent.  The side charging port is driving me crazy as well - as the Android OS does not allow for rotation of the home screen, when exiting dock mode, everything is sideways, necessitating removal of the device from the dock in order to perform even quick functions. I don't do much on my phone throughout my workday, but it would be nice to be able to quickly look up a phone number, or dismiss a calendar notification without having to remove the device from the cradle every time.The only other bug I've found is that the Google voice commands are not as smooth as they were on the 4G.  I have dialed the wrong person several times because the phone misunderstood me (although, oddly, the text-to-speech function seems to be about as accurate).  I don't know if it's due to the low volume problem, or what.  There was an update to the OS a while back that improved reliability of this function on the Evo 4G, so maybe for some reason this update has not made it to this device as yet--I'll have to keep checking for updates.  The Google Market is also an older version, for some reason.Overall, this is certainly a stellar phone, and I am very happy with it, although I will be a little happier once I find a way to work around the various quirks that I've discovered.*Update: I accidentally discovered another GREAT feature: the ability to take native screen shots (Power button + Home button).  Apparently this was included in the last HTC update, and I hadn't heard about it.  This combined with the ability to launch the phone, mail, camera or message app directly from the lock screen makes the phone very Ice-Cream-Sandwich-like already.

Off the bat, the EVO 3D has been getting a lot of mixed reviews. People either love it or hate it, but many reviews floating around have tended to direct the focus of their positive or negative feedback towards one of two things: the 3D features, or everything else. I hope the dispel the mass hysteria of other reviews by giving you a realistic account of my ongoing experience with this undoubtedly groundbreaking new phone. I'll also be heavily comparing it side by side with its predecessor, the EVO 4G, which I've owned for a year now. And for those of you who will be replacing another Android phone, I'll include an overview of how to transfer apps and data from your other phone to the EVO 3D.Note: Be aware that I will also be mentioning the EVO 4G frequently throughout this review, so be sure to pay attention and not confuse the two.Let's quickly look at what's new. Here are my pros (+) and cons (-). More in-depth coverage follows:+ 3D glasses-free display - simply reciting the obvious here!+ Dual 5 megapixel rear cameras - photos and videos shot in 3D can also be viewed in 2D!+ Dedicated physical camera button - with two pressure levels, like a real camera+ qHD display - ultrafine, high quality graphics at 540x960 screen resolution+ Dual core Snapdragon processor - hasn't freezed up on me once!+ Numerous software improvements - details noted further below+ Super fast boot up/restart - purportedly hinders some Market apps, can be disabled via Settings > Power+ Larger 1730 mAh battery - yet seems physically smaller than EVO 4G's battery- Battery still doesn't tend to last a full day - 3D drains it at 1% per minute, display also a power leach- Camera takes too long to snap photos, especially 3D photos - a good 1-2 seconds!- Camera glass easy to smudge when holding the EVO 3D in your hand, can ruin some 3D shots- Camera's aluminum bezel easy to damage, doesn't fit evenly flush against the glass- No kickstand - keep your eyes peeled for a kickstand case accessory===== Look and Feel =====The EVO 3D looks strikingly similar to its predecessor, the EVO 4G. Since the original 4G phone has been so successful, I guess they figured why fix what isn't broken. Sadly though, it's not all sunshine and rainbows. HTC decided to trade up the kickstand, supposedly for a bigger battery although the EVO 3D battery is physically smaller than its EVO 4G counterpart. I'll miss the kickstand, though it was awkward to use at times, most notably on soft or unlevel surfaces. Otherwise, we've got the same capacitive touch buttons along the bottom (home, menu, back & search... the perfect order), the same 4.3" screen, with a slightly taller, equal width body, and the same soft touch back side, this time with a bit of added texture, which I don't really care for personally, but I digress. Naturally, with the dual cameras spread across half the back, holding the EVO 3D is a bit awkward. The glass covering those rear cameras is definitely not oleophobic, so it smudges easily, and I find myself constantly cleaning it up so my photos turn out clearly. Also, the bezel around those rear cameras was also easily susceptible to damage (had some dents fresh out of the box!) and also won't stay flush with the glass and can get caught on loose threads, or scrape the palm occasionally, an awkward sensation much like that of a razor blade shaving across your skin. Undoubtedly, you'll also notice an unsightly huge silver button gracing the right side of the EVO 3D. This new camera button is a stragely welcome addition, more on that in a sec, but you should be aware that it can also greet your palm with a harsh scrape every now and then, as well. Otherwise, the EVO 3D has a generally comfortable feel for its form factor.===== Camera =====Aside from the dual rear facing cameras, one of the most unmistakable new features of the EVO 3D has to be the huge silver button that at first seems to marr the landscape. Upon further use, however, I began to realize that this may have been one of the best new features. Perhaps you're like me... when I got my EVO 4G, it all but replaced my point and shoot camera. However, having to touch a specific, small circular area of the screen to capture the image proved unhelpful at times, provoking blurred shots or requiring me to contort my wrist and hand in an odd way when taking self portraits and such with the 8mp rear camera. Not any more!Also note: Engadget reviewer claimed the phone had to "spot" setting to control light metering like the EVO 4G has, whereby you can touch a subject on your screen, and the brightness automatically adjusts to that object. However, the reviewer failed to realize that there is indeed spot metering, it's just built into the phone now as a default. I like that, because this wasn't the default on the EVO 4G and I suffered some ill fated, over exposed shots before I found the setting. So now you just have to tap to focus and adjust brightness. Simple enough! Works in video mode too, even WHILE recording!===== Camera in 3D =====Taking pictures in 3D is novel, but getting the perfect shot can be hopelessly difficult. There's a 2 second delay. Your subject has to stay still, period. I tried taking pictures of my pets, and not one came out perfectly because they inevitably move in the 2 second wait after pressing the button till it actually takes the shot. Images captured in 3D can also be viewed in 2D, but there's a little trick involved. You have to use the pinch gesture to zoom into the photo slightly. Alternately, you can touch and drag the photo, as if moving between photos, although this doesn't technically disable the autostereoscopic display like pinching to zoom does, meaning you can still notice the subtle vertical lines of the autostereoscopic screen effect (much like those promotional lenticular "3D" holograms you may have seen on cereal boxes, or other places). Perhaps the device is capturing two shots, which explains why the 3D mode takes 2 seconds to fully capture the shot.===== Video =====This is where EVO 3D's dual core processor shines. On my EVO 4G, capturing smooth video was often an utter disappointment. Video would often be choppy, pixelated and unsynched with the audio, that is, when the video would even record at all. Sometimes it completely cut out after a few seconds, or decided to capture sound but no video. It seemed to get worse as time went on. What was causing the issues was beyond me, but it had to be some other app's processes getting in the way. Email? Tasker? Sprint's own ridiculous and lousy built in apps? Not sure, but I had a class 4 SD card, so that shouldn't have been the bottleneck. Nevertheless, the EVO 3D records flawless video, even after transferring all my apps and settings to the new device. Perfect! Now I don't have to worry about whether I will capture flawed video of the kids, and in 3D to boot! Another great new addition is that you can now zoom in and refocus (by touching the screen on the subject you'd like to refocus on) DURING video capture! Phenomenal! Videos are also saved in MP4 format instead of that useless 3GP that the EVO 4G uses. This includes 3D videos, which when opened on a normal computer show the left and right channels side by side, though each channel appears stretched.===== Video in 3D =====Now, do beware of high battery usage with 3D capture--I calculated around 1% per minute. 3D video capture ate through the battery like it was a piece of pumpkin pie with an extra large dollop of whipped cream! Nevertheless, shooting video in 3D seems much easier than shooting photos in 3D because you don't really have to worry about your subject staying still. It's great for those shots of the kids, or pets, or a high-speed train coming right at you!To my great relief, video shot in 3D can indeed be viewed in either 2D or 3D, on demand. When viewing a 3D video, it will default to 3D, but if you tap the screen, you'll see a 3D/2D box icon in the top right corner of the screen. Tap it to toggle between 3D and 2D. I'll add more info in the comments about converting between various 2D and 3D formats for viewing on other 2D and 3D devices, including 3D televisions and such, so stay tuned! Also, 3D videos as well asBUG NOTICE: Within my first few days of using the 3D camera and camcorder, I noticed a fair number of my videos and pictures were only getting shot in 2D instead of 3D, and the 3D was definitely switched on. I think it may have something to do with powering the device on with the 3D already set to 3D mode. So be sure to switch it off and on if you're taking photos outside, where you won't necessarily see the 3D effects clearly.===== Movies in 3D =====HTC has included The Green Hornet in 3D, as a psuedo "app", so you can find it under the same name, on the apps screen in the T's. It seems like the "app" is merely just a link to HTC's "Watch" app. I also had to agreen to a mile-long terms of service agreement, install the software update, and create an HTC Watch account, before it would let me watch the included movie. For all the effort, they could have at least included a better 3D movie like Avatar or Tron! Something I'd not mind watching over and over. The Green Hornet wasn't that great of a movie, but I digress.===== Other Thoughts on 3D =====The 3D features of the EVO 3D may feel a bit gimicky to some, but that's likely only because of the small viewing "sweet spot" due to it being glasses-free technology. It's not likely that any glasses-free 3D device will be able to improve on that limitation without tracking your eyes, plus it will likely remain single-viewer. But, that's what you get without having to wear those nerdy specs/goggles! The 3D effect is definitely disorienting the first time you see it, but that fades quickly the more you get used to it. After a few days, I still find the 3D effects quite novel! Will it wear off? I'll keep you posted.Thankfully, you can view 3D pictures and videos in either of the two landscape orientations. You aren't locked to just landscape-left such as you were limited to in the early days of Android. The EVO 3D is smart enough to flip the left & right eyes when you rotate the device. And to my surprise, you CAN view 3D media in portrait mode as well. I didn't think that'd be the case, but 3D does go in all 3 orientation directions. However, you cannot capture 3D photos and videos in portrait orientation like you can in 2D mode, and the 3D-viewing "sweet spot" is a lot more finicky to get right in portrait orientation. Some people have been reporting having headaches induced by the 3D effects, I've been messing with it almost all day with no ill effects. If you don't get headaches from 3D movies in the theater or on 3D TVs, you'll probably be fine.===== qHD Display =====The EVO 3D features a new display, which has a higher resolution of 540x960, as opposed to the EVO 4G's 480x800. This means the images are crisper, albeit slightly smaller, but I really like that. It makes the notification bar notably thinner than the EVO 4G, with smaller icons, meaning the EVO 3D can fit more icons on the notification bar than its predecessor. Beautiful! I'm also thankful that the display is not AMOLED, because its RGBG PenTile arrangement of pixels generates an annoying checkerboard effect. Look it up on Wikipedia to see what I mean. However, Super AMOLED is perfectly fine, as it uses the normal RGB pixel arrangement, so that's desirable. Also, for those of you interested in using a stylus, especially on those cold winter-glove days, you'll need a capacitive stylus like this Targus ([...]) which I used on my EVO 4G, and it works just as great now on my EVO 3D. It's especially handy on apps & games that require a lot of finger swipes, because the longer your skin touches against a surface, the more it perspires, thus making it stickier.===== Battery Life =====Speaking of battery life, there's nothing that's irked me about the EVO 4G more than the daily 2pm low-battery automatic power down! It used to last at least a good day, but lately it just tanks way too quickly. I was holding out hope that wouldn't be the case with the EVO 3D, but so far, after using it with the same apps and settings transferred from the EVO 4G, it lasts about a day if I don't use the 3D features. If I do use the 3D features, it tanks after just half a day. Thankfully, there's a handy feature called Power Save mode that disables backgrounded apps once the battery dips below a certain percentage, customizable via Settings > Power. In any case, the culprit reported by the Battery Use utility was the display, taking 70% of battery (likely due to the 3D effects), followed closely by "phone idle" at 9% and "wifi" at 5%. So either I need to not use this thing so much, or HTC needs to improve their display technology, and preferably not by going the AMOLED route! Super AMOLED is fine though, because it doesn't have the pixel-checkerboard effect like regular AMOLED does.On that note, if you're looking for a Sprint smartphone with awesome battery life, check out my review of the Windows Phone 7 powered HTC Arrive ([...]), which lasts over two days on one charge, even with ridiculous settings, tons of email accounts and all that jazz.===== Call Quality =====I've never reported on call quality in a review before, never needed to. Besides, I make so few calls. But so many of the early reviews had complaints that I had to at least account for this myself, and I'm happy to report that it's been a non issue, on my device anyway. I've made plenty of test calls to confirm this in the first week of use.===== Email =====HTC's built in email app has always been subpar. Thankfully HTC updated their email app, and while it still isn't without flaws (such as defaulting to POP instead of IMAP, not keeping messages on the POP server by default, lack of selecting all messages for deleting or marking all as read), you can now select multiple messages to mark as read or delete, so that's great. There's also some UI improvements to get used to, words are now purely icons on the reply/action buttons. I have also noticed some bugs where I'll not get notified for new emails from one of my accounts, for several hours. Then, when it finally does work it wants to notify my every 5 minutes, even when new emails have not come in since the last notification. Annoying!===== Dual Core Performance and Plentiful App Storage =====Installing apps on the EVO 4G was often a pain in the neck, for two reasons. Thankfully the EVO 3D takes care of both those issues. The first issue is terrible download and installation performance, causing the EVO 4G to slow down or freeze up constantly throughout the process, and good luck trying to install multiple apps simultaneously (or even back to back). It often doesn't work! That could also partly be due to the second issue though, which is low disk space. On my EVO 4G, I have a bundle of apps that aren't capable of being moved to the SD card, and the built in app storage space is limited to less than 512MB. Still, you'd think that would be plenty for mobile apps, but some apps are surprisingly large, or get large quickly because of excessive data storage or caching... the biggest culprit being HTC's own email app which is currently consuming 90MB! Other offenders include Facebook, Google Reader, Google Docs and Google Voice. Wow, Google! Seriously?! In case you weren't aware, when your app storage reaches 90%, you can no longer install new apps (unless those apps default to installing to the SD card). This limitation issue is an outrageous annoyance.Thankfully, the EVO 3D takes care of both the performance and the limitation issues. Naturally, the dual core processor has allowed me to install new apps without hindering my ability to do other things simultaneously. As for limits? Nope! It's got a whole 1GB of internal app storage! I'm not sure why so many sites are reporting 4GB of internal memory for app storage, but it's simply not true! My file browsing app noted just over 1100 MB of app storage. Nevertheless, even the apps I had on the SD card on my EVO 4G fit within the 1GB of internal app storage on the EVO 3D, so I'm not complaining! There was also a generous 8GB class 4 (fast) micro SD card included, and you're gonna need it with those 3D videos. They're absolutely huge! So, I decided to just pop in my 16GB SD card that I'd been using with my EVO 4G. (I got the Topram on Amazon for cheap: [...]). If you're going to be taking a lot of video (even 2D video), I do suggest getting the higher capacity card, no question!===== Software Improvements =====The EVO 3D has a task manager app which I'm assuming is provided by HTC and NOT built into Gingerbread, because it's not on the EVO 4G that I updated to Gingerbread. In any case, it's a simple app that lets you see other running apps, how much memory they're taking and freely kill one or all of them at will. We also gain the Mirror app, which is handy for checking your teeth via the front facing camera, but it seems to have come at a cost, as we've now lost the Flashlight app that was available on the EVO 4G. A good replacement for the Flashlight app is TeslaLED which also features an incredibly handy flashlight widget for the home screen! HTC also seems to have changed the functionality of the app listing screen, and I don't like what they've done to the scrollability of it. You cannot flick to scroll continuously through the entire selection of apps like you could before. Instead, the scrolling snaps to each set of 5 rows. This will be hugely annoying when looking for an app that starts with Z. There's no quick scroll feature on the side, either, such as the quick scroll bar you can drag when scrolling through the contacts. On the bright side, however, there are now two new tabs in the app screen. One lets you see the most used apps. The other lets you  As for Gingerbread itself, there's now a RESTART option when you hold the power button down. I've been waiting for a restart feature for ages! It takes so long to turn off the phone, that sometimes I'd forget to turn it back on. So a restart feature is extremely handy!As for HTC Sense, I've always been a fan of it. The new lock screen is fantastic, customizable via Settings > Personalize > Lock Screen. From there you can choose one of six lock screen formats, which determines which large widget will appear on the lock screen: wallpaper, photo album, friend stream, weather, stocks or clock. The default is weather. For no large widget, simply change it to wallpaper. However, I do wish the weather on the lock screen showed the 3-5 day forecast, or at least allowed for adding custom widgets to the lock screen rather than having to choose from HTC's standard choices.My biggest complaint with Sense is that it only provides 7 home screens when it should offer 9. If you trigger Sense's expose feature (see Hot Tips in comments) you'll see all 7 home screens at once, but clearly there's room for two more! Also be careful not to flick too hard on the home screen, or it'll spin through all the screens and you'll end up right back where you were! Pointless in my opinion, really.===== Transferring Apps and Data =====You'll probably be tempted to use the built in bluetooth transfer feature when it prompts you the first time you turn it on, which works great to transfer contacts if you don't have another Android phone, but if you DO have an Android phone I highly suggest using MyBackup (available in the Android marketplace for $5). I purchased it the day before I got my EVO 3D, and ran the backup which I saved to the SD card. You can save contacts, calendars, home screens, settings, and apps (but not app data, unless both phones are rooted). When I got the EVO 3D, I replaced the SD card, setup my Google account and redownloaded MyBackup (reinstalls of previously purchased apps are free), and restored my apps. The process went smoothly, and took about an hour both ways.===== Bottom Line =====All in all, the 3D aspect of the phone has huge potential, especially if planning to view 3D photos and videos from the EVO 3D on other devices, like 3D TVs and such, where the viewing experience doesn't require such a restricted viewing area. Thus it seems pretty future compatible in that sense. The camera could stand to benefit from some speed improvements more so than megapixel improvements, in my opinion. The picture quality of the EVO 3D is at least on par with the higher res camera on the EVO 4G, so I don't mind. Other than 3D, this device is still worth it just for the other improvements made over its predecessor. Thankfully being a Premier Gold member, I was able to upgrade after only a year, but I'm no doubt glad to be an early adopter. It was a worthy risk, especially since Sprint doesn't have an iPhone yet, but the EVO 3D is definitely much more comfortable than the iPhone in the hands. Now all we need is a breakthrough in battery technology, and we'll be all set! All in all, I decided to give the EVO 3D a healthy 4.5 stars. I rounded up for the Amazon rating though. :)I hope you found this review informative and helpful so far. I'll keep the conversation going in the comments, including my favorite apps and some hot tips. Feel free to check them out and respond with any questions or comments!

To be honest, the 3D is gimmicky, and shouldn't be a reason to buy this phone aside from the fact you can show off to your buddies once or twice. But everything else is fantastic. Very quick phone, 3G coverage seems heaps and bounds quicker than my previous phone (I rarely get on 4g). Battery life is amazing. If you activiate the power widget to your home screen, you can shut off the backlight on your screen when you don't need it, and your battery should last more than 24 hours with usage (facebook, words with friends, email). The screen is very nice, not as nice as the samsung screens, but if you arent comparing them side by side, it wouldnt even matter.Other than that, i switched my keyboard to SwiftKeyX which i believe is better than the native keyboard app and SWYPE that comes preinstalled. For music, I am using google music (cloud based so no need for a lot of space).

The phone is wicked fast. Never lags. 4g is wonderful (Columbus, OH)The 3D is fun but can hurt your eyes after a bit, similar to nintendo 3DS.Only downside at all, battery. But that's normal on these super-smart-phones.

HANDS ON DEMO FOR 20 MINUTES...HTC HAS ADDED some sort of filter or some kind of an hologram,,it does have a hologram effect both with movies,recorded videos and pics in 3D....A FULL REAL 3D PHONE WILL NOT SELL AT SUCH A LOW PRICE EVEN WITH A CONTRACT...TRUE GLASSES FREE FULL 3D TECHNOLOGY IS STILL EXPENSIVE DO NOT EVEN COMPARE THIS TO THE NINtendo 3DS they are 2 different worlds.....HOOK THE PHONE UP TO A 3DTV see if it delivers FULL 3D  if you have an 3d tv

The short and sweet of this review is that i upgraded from my Evo 4G to the 3D when it first hit stores last June -So essentially i have had this phone now for a year to date (just about) here is my quick list of things to look for (or the good, bad and the ugly list)The Good1. The phone itself - the processor, the ability to run everything you could throw at it and more makes this an almost bullet proof phone2. The battery believe it or not lasts alot longer than the original 4G but results may vary (one thing NOT to do is install a task killer, that makes it worse trust me) just lower your brightness, turn things off that you dont need etc. It also has the first task killer software built in that you could use that works as well -3. The lock screen really helps get things done alot quicker - being able to choose a quick task w/o opening the phone up and selecting an app is great - 4 icons in the lock screen can be custizable too!4. The wifi is fast really fast5. The front 1.2 mp camera is really good for portrait shotsThe Bad1. The camera can be great but can also be terrible at 5mp i wish they would have just stuck with the 4gs 8mp - but on the flip side the special effects that come preloaded to add to pictures is pretty cool2. The 3D is great but terrible because its just not useful - a more gimmick than anything - trust me after the first week you'll never use it again - even for games3. Can be a bit buggy at times, force closing things, or randomly shutting down, but maybe a handful of times this has happened in a years time.4. I miss the left and right scrolling homescreens which feels like more screen real estate, now we have a carousel like tile thing, and wallpapers are not configured to this screen being its only vertical now not horizontal (scrolling left to right to see the whole wallpaper)The Ugly1. The screen is not a vivid as you would like and is extremely susceptible to cracking if dropped2. Charging the phone on the top left side of the phone is awkward - it works for getting the cord out of the way but im not a fan3. The camera button is extremely slow to getting the camera up and running -4. No kickstand a real crowd pleaser ...5. Booting up from a restart or reset is crazy slow!!Overall great phone for taking care of buisness, playing with apps, mutlitasking, etc. but highly disappointed with the camera for normal pics (esp in sunlight and lowlight conditions) 3D a waste of time, and the screen could be better in terms of vividness -My next upgrade will be looking into the HTC ONE X and the Samsung Galaxy S3 -

Don't I'm absolutely 100 percent sure however gave this phone 4 to 5 stars is totally smoking the crack rocks. Before I bought this phone in Feb, I've been eye balling it for a few months doing my research weighing the pros and cons. I was really stoked to have purchased this thing . The day it arrived I was gigling like a school girl, when I pressed the power button it turned on, great right? So I was scrolling around figuring it out I put it down after I was done with. Then later I pick it up to play with it again, oh snap, it's off. I turn it back on again, thinking my fat fingers must've turn it off or something. Nope!!! This happens every time the phone turns off to save its pathetic battery. So I take it to sprint in southcenter those geniuses can't fix it , time to get a replacement hooray you gotta to pay to replace the phone if you didn't get insurance on it , $38 something like that. I get a replacement evo 3d by the way it's a refurbish phone you can tell by the joker that fiddled with the screws, two weeks later. Now I'm thinking ok maybe I got a dud or something I really took care of it I was sweet to it gave it compliments and everything. Then last sunday I was looking at my phone trying to look at some of my 3d pictures then I noticed the pics didn't look like it was in 3d so I turned it off thinking it was probably on the fritz or something. Next thing you know I turn it back on then no light on the screen I went back to the sprint store same story, " duh can't fix duh!!!".  On to order phone 3...I found a new hatered for my new phone company don't ever get these guys they are the opposite of outstanding service.  Customer service is just terrible to say the least. I regret the day I signed up with sprint and will be relieved when I get out of this contract. Htc congrats on producing a phone for everybody to suffer with!!!  I'm so heated right now. Argh!!!!! wooosa ......... wooosa. Don't get this phone. I'm telling you.

I have heard from many HTC EVO 4G owners that the battery life was terrible. The background apps would drain the battery even when not in use. So much so that users would need to install so called "app killers" on their phone, and even with those people would experience battery issues. There's nothing worse than having a phone that won't last you all day. I can report that the HTC EVO 3D has no such battery issues. This is due to the fact that the HTC EVO 3D runs the latest Android operating system called Gingerbread. This new operating system manages the power much more efficiently and you will no longer need an "app killer". If you charge the phone overnight the phone will last you all day. I use the phone from 6am to around 5pm and it's usually almost dead when I get home. A typical days use for me is maybe 2 or 3 phone calls a day lasting no more than 15 minutes total, browsing on the internet throughout the day several times and maybe 2 hours of music with headphones on. I always carry a backup battery just in case I need it, I normally don't but it's always good to carry one just in case for emergencies!For those who have never used a touch screen Android before will be happy to know the phone comes with a guide, so no excuses on upgrading! The touch screen is big and easy to navigate. I use this phone all the time for internet browsing and the built-in internet browser is fast. Although the phone supports 4G, i always keep it disabled as 3G service is more common where I live. Also, leaving 4G enabled on the phone will drain your battery faster as it will continually search for 4G signal. I recommend installing the free Adobe Flash Player from the Android Market to ensure that you can view any webpage you come across. The best part of Sprint is unlimited internet, so no holding back download all the apps and games you want!The 3D feature is only present when viewing an object in 3D, whether it be a game, movie, or picture and you do not need glasses to view the effect. There's a switch on the side to easily switch between 2D and 3D modes. This only affects the camera features of the phone, the normal operation of the phone is in 2D. The phone comes preloaded with the 3D game Spiderman 3D and the 3D movie The Green Hornet, which can be streamed to your phone anytime you have an internet connection/3G/4G signal.The phone comes with 808mb of internal memory and an 8gb MicroSD card. So there's pleanty of space for installing apps or using the phone as an ipod. There is a built in headphone jack that works great with my sony earbuds. Just make sure to push the headphones in all the way. I have a bunch of mp3's on my phone that i transfered from my pc using the included usb data cable. If you want to create your own ringtones that's easy. Just download a free ringtone app from the android market, which will allow you to select a segment on one of your mp3's to use as a ringtone. no more paying for ringtones of your favorite songs! You can either charge the phone through the pc or mount the phone as a hard drive. If you want to transfer files to the phone, then when you first plug in the phone to the pc, you need to enable the option "mount as hard drive". You then will get a popup from windows recognizing the hard drive. I use Windows Explorer to transfer files to and from your phone. Note that unless your monitor is 3D you won't be able to playback 3D pictures and 3D videos on your pc monitor.

I have loved HTC phones. I've owned the PPC-6700, PPC-6800, Touch Pro, Touch Pro 2 and Evo 4G and mostly delighted in each and every one of them, shortcomings and all. But the Evo 3D has left me wanting to the point that I am returning it and trying another brand.Please understand that this is MY review and my sujective impressions. Others may justifiably consider what I view as shortcomings as trivial concerns. So be it.On the plus side, the build quality is typical HTC: solid. I've never had an HTC unit that lost pieces or started splitting at the seams. Treat the Evo 3D with respect and it should last longer than you own the phone.The quality of the qVGA screen is excellent. No, it doesn't perform well in bright sunlight, but virtually nothing else does either. Everywhere else, the screen is splendid. The higher resolution, however, comes with some drawbacks for me. The Swype keyboard is more difficult to use because the keycaps appear smaller. I'm pretty proficient with Swype on my Evo 4G, but suddenly I am all thumbs, so to speak.It would be nice if the Swype folks made it possible to somehow scale the keyboard display, but I suspect that may remain an unfulfilled wish. Instead, I will have to practice, practice and practice.The dual-core processor is snappy, there is plenty of user accessible memory. The form is nice: slimmer than the Evo 4G.There's also a separate camera button, a piece of sensibility many manufacturers are coming back to.The 3D photo and video capability does nothing for me. Some people may love it: does nothing for me one way or the other. Took some photos and video to play with it and was not impressed with the depth of the 3D effect. Again, subjective response - your experience may vary.Including the 3D cameras, though, led to HTC including only 5 Megapixel cameras. In 2D mode, I think they are inferior to the 8MP camera on the Evo 3D. Also, the kickstand that appeared on the Evo 3D is gone and that I consider to be a major omission. The kickstand was very, very handy and I didn't realize how much I used it until going without it.Next on my short list of Evo 3D shortcomings is the audio. I find it entirely inadequate. The Evo 4G was loud: the 3D - at least my Evo 3D - is not. Headphone volume is lousy. Speakerphone volume is lousy. The audio is lousy. Period.Next to last on my list is touch screen sensitivity. Like I said, I've owned a number of HTC phones and they all were basically fine, but the Evo 3D - and I hold open the possibility that it could just be my unit - isn't up to snuff. There are portions of the screen that sometimes seem as if they are dead.Finally is the USB port placement: HTC put the USB port on the side of the Evo 3D which drives me nuts. I usually put the phone on a charge cable in the car. Try picking it up with a USB cable coming out the side. It is not, in my opinion, convenient and I just don't like it.So, is the Evo 3D a bad phone? No. There are just some things about it that I don't like and they are serious enough in my mind to cause me to return the Evo 3D and get another new model. Would another person be likely to say I'm all wet and that what appear to be shortcomings to me aren't even minor annoyances to them? Yes.The Evo 3D merits a look, but make sure it really fits your requirements.Jerry

Coming from the HTC Hero, this thing is awesome.  No lag, no waiting for anything.  It has a few bugs, but they will be addressed via OTA update.Faster and nicer than the EVO 4G

I bought this phone for its lightning fast dual core processing speed and much better and more vivid display (vs evo 4g). At 1.2ghz the processors are 2x 1.2ghz(not 2x .6ghz = 1.2ghz) and there is a gigantic difference in performance. If your considering other phones dont.( unless you can wait for new releases)The only downside is the external speaker. Its borderline unusable for an alarm, speaker phone, or app with warnings or voice commands (like a nav app). A large oversite.To use it as an alarm you have to lay it on its face so the external speaker faces up or else forget about it.Initially I was not interested with the 3D functionality but since I have been impressed with the quality and depth of it. Especially when it isolates sun flare and includes it in the picture.I cant bring myself to deduct a star for the speaker due to its awesome processing performance.I previously owned the epic 4g and have seen many side by side performance comparisons with the htc 4G.That said theres always new phones coming out every few months. Probably ones with similar performance and a useable external speaker.The external speaker on my sons htc shift is excellent. What happened???? Why not put that one in this phone?

This phone was expensive at $199. The camera is too slow. Autofocus results is fuzzy pictures with poor color (bright autumn pictures looked grey and dull). A 4G signal is rarely available even in Chicagoland but you pay a premium for it regardless. Local tech support sucks. All they know how to do is wipe your phone and all your apps with it. Calls are dropped when driving south on Hwy 55. I love 3D but found I mainly used it to show off the phone which means it's a gimmick and not wroth the weight. I'll be getting an iPhone4S next and try iOs vs Android and AT&T instead of Sprint.

.... I am NOT in love with this phone. I've owned it for a few months now (seemed a good idea before writing a review), and I find myself damning it more than I praise it. So here's my take:CONS:1) The network on this thing is slow (I'm in San Diego, so no 4G here on Sprint, yet). Of course, that's more Sprint's fault, right? Well, yes, but as far as I know, Sprint is the only carrier with this phone, so the two go hand in hand. More frustrating, however, is how I can be standing next to another Sprint customer with a different smartphone (iPhone, Samsung, doesn't matter), and their phone will BLAST through whatever we're searching for. You have no idea how many times I've gone to look something up on my phone only to give up and have someone else look it up instead because my phone is taking so long. In this age of being defined by the phone you have, it's just downright embarrassing. And streaming Pandora or watching a video on Youtube? Ha! Forget it, unless I'm hooked to WiFi.2) The camera is terrible. EVERY picture I take, no matter what I do, comes out blurry.3) The phone basically has to live on a charger. It won't last the day otherwise, even if you don't use it. God help you if the stars align in just a way that streaming music actually works (if you call buffering every 30 seconds working) and you decide to listen for a bit, because then the phone won't last more than a couple hours. I have a charger at work, in my car, and at home because that's what it takes to keep this thing moving.4) The screen occasionally will not accept inputs, with the only remedy being to restart it. Thankfully re-booting it only takes a few seconds, though. But, of course, that leads to other complaints I have.5) The phone has an annoying bug where every app that I load onto the external SD card loses its icon when I restart the phone. A little digging online taught me how to fix it each time, but it is annoying that it's even necessary. *UPDATE 01/18/2012* This glitch appears to have been fixed with the HTC software update I received this morning.PROS:1) I REALLY like the logic and functionality of the Droid software. Compared to the iPhone, it's extremely liberating. The number of options, settings, and configurations you can adjust to your liking is incredible.2) Call quality is decent. Not the best, but I have no real complaints.3) For a lot of the phone's shortcomings, there's a good chance someone has created an app to fix it.4) Unlike the iPhone, the SD card gives you the ability to expand the storage space and you can also remove the battery.5) Pretty sturdy construction. No scratches or dents to speak of, and that's just with a cheap gel case and screen protector installed.

I love it. It's faster than the 4G, but the camera is disappointing. Sense 3. is Fantastic. I don't know what else to say other than I love it.

I'm not going to go into the technical aspects of the phone as it appears many here have already done so.  What I will say is, this phone is well above and beyond the iPhone I was using for the past 2 years.  It's smoother, allows for more customization, it's got a much bigger & better screen, and its guts are more more impressive than the iPhone.So glad I switched over to the Android family.  And very glad I bought an HTC phone.Android 2.3.3 with Sense 3.0 is a great experience.

After years of using Windows Mobile phones, hoping against hope Microsoft would finally catch up to the other guys in the smartphone arena, I finally decided a move to the Android platform was in order. For several years, I've carried both a smartphone and a separate mobile broadband card as a combined device wasn't an option when I originally signed up for mobile broadband. With the multitude of smartphones that also offer hotspot capabilities, a consolidated device makes sense for me now.Already with Verizon, I first looked at their offerings and plans. Then I looked at the other guys and found that Sprint offers unlimited data plans for their Wimax (4G) service that are truly unlimited at very reasonable prices. Not only that, but the HTC Evo 3D was soon set to launch and the specs were more than promising. So, I pre-ordered the Evo 3d and waited a couple of months until it released. Having now used the HTC Evo 3d for a month, I'm not yet disappointed.First off, the phone is fast - really fast. Every command, every application responds in the blink of an eye. You can thank the 1.2 GHz Dual Core processor for that. I've been using PDAs since Windows CE 1.0 was out and Smartphones since before they were called smartphones and I've never experienced such a fantastic response time from any of them. Of course, the fact that the phone boasts 1 GB of RAM only boosts the speeds at which the phone operates and how it handled multiple applications simultaneously.The 4G/Wimax data speeds are equally impressive. When your phone's internet speed is faster than the internet at work, that's something. Of course, work only has a couple of paired T1 lines, but that's another story. The 3G data speeds aren't too shabby either. Speed tests when connected to 4G networks have shown me speeds as high as 6.5 Mbps downstream and lows of 1.5 Mbps downstream when connected to 3G networks.Those data speeds have proved very useful when using the wireless hotspot feature. My job requires I spend a good deal of my workdays at customer sites, where I use the wireless hotspot to connect my laptop and/or netbook to the internet while working. The wireless hotspot is easy to connect to and just as easy to secure. I use WPA2 security with a strong password and I also have it set to permit `Allowed users only'. The second setting equates to a home router's ability to use MAC address filtering to permit only network devices with certain MAC addresses to connect to the hotspot.The Android operating system has been a dream compared to my previous experiences with Windows Mobile. Android allows the user easy access to the settings, and I find it categorizes commands and settings in a sensible manner that makes the interface extremely intuitive and friendly. Most users will have little trouble adapting to Android after moving from a different platform.The HTC Evo 3D also supports Wireless N protocol, allowing fast transfers of data between the smartphone and other network resources. This is especially helpful when I synchronize it with Outlook on my PC, as I use a program that allows synchronization over the wireless network (Companion Link.) It also allows me to take advantage of my home internet service providers internet speeds, which are even faster than Sprint's 4G network.Bluetooth support means I can easily connect a variety of devices directly to the Evo 3d. I have configured it with my Windows computers effortlessly as well as several headsets (Aliph Jawbone II Bluetooth Headset with NoiseAssassin (Black) [Retail Packaging],Jawbone PRIME Bluetooth Headset (Blah Blah Black),Plantronics Discovery 925 Bluetooth Earpiece (Black, Retail Packaging), andPlantronics Discovery 975 Bluetooth Headset.) I also have a very oldiGo Stowaway Ultra-Slim Bluetooth Keyboard for PDAs and Handheldsthat I bought years ago for use with my old iPaq 6315 phone and had no trouble pairing it and using it with the HTC Evo 3d. I have a Bluetooth speaker on order and am extremely excited to try it soon as well.The phone comes with only 4 GB of internal storage which is pretty disappointing considering this phone's other specs, but they also include an 8 GB microSD card with it. I quickly replaced that microSD card with aTranscend 32 GB Class 4 microSDHC Flash Memory Card TS32GUSDHC4I purchased for this phone and it works very well. With this card and the easy availability of cloud storage using the data plan, I don't anticipate needing more space on this phone for a long time. I've stored all of my music files on Google Music, and it streams to the HTC Evo 3d without stuttering - even while driving down the road. I use aTunecast Auto Universal FM Transmitter for MP3 Playersto play the music from the phone to my car's speakers.The Evo 3d has a front facing camera built in and also rear cameras that snap both 2D and 3D photos and videos. Experimenting with each camera type has resulted in very nice looking photos, and the 3D version are certainly interesting, but perhaps not as useful until they can be better viewed on most computers and websites. If you just want to view the 3D photos and videos on the Evo 3d, then you will be pleased. While a very cool feature, I wouldn't base a purchase of this phone on the 3D capabilities simply because of that format's limited usefulness outside of this phone currently.The phone also has a built-in GPS which works well with locator services that tell you what restaurants, shops, etc. are near you and also helps navigate to your destination from your current location. You have a choice of either Google Maps or the TeleNav maps. While both are a great option for those times when you need a quick GPS direction, I didn't find either as robust or useful as my standaloneNavigon 7200T 4.3-Inch Portable GPS Navigation with Bluetooth, Text-to-Speech, and Free Traffic Alerts. I've grown very accustomed to advanced features such as lane guidance, which shows you all the lanes on your current road with arrows designating the correct lanes for your current route. Neither the Google Maps nor the TeleNav gave me this feature, unless I'm just missing something. TeleNav does boast some additional features if you pay a monthly subscription fee, but honestly, if I am going to pay extra for the GPS, it will be for a standalone GPS that has lifetime traffic and map update services included, as well as lane guidance. Also, the Evo 3D volume is not as loud as I would like, which makes it difficult to hear some of the GPS instructions, even with just the air conditioning running in the car and no radio.The audio is really my only big complaint about the Evo 3d and the only reason I didn't give it a full five stars. When the device has features like a speakerphone and GPS, the volume better be loud enough for the user to be able to hear it in normal environments.One other disappointment is the absence of a built-in kickstand, which would greatly improve the multimedia experience when viewing videos and movies on the phone. This particular issue is somewhat easily resolved by purchasing a case with a kickstand, a dock, or a stand. I bought aniCarpus ICARPUS04 Stand for iPhone, iPod, & More - Mount - Retail Packaging - Pinkand it works pretty well, but I'm really holding out for a dock with a slot to charge a spare battery for use at home and work. I think the iCarpus is a good option for use on the go, but a dock would be better full-time.In regards to battery life, the Evo 3D performs pretty well, given the amount of work it is performing at any given time. You can prolong the life of your battery but shutting off features and applications you aren't currently using, such as the wireless, Bluetooth, etc. When you are connected to a wireless network, it automatically disconnects you from the 4G network, so I have made a habit of turning off either wireless or 4G, depending on which service I am currently connected to, in the interest of sparing battery power. A conversation with a friend the other night was over 3.5 hours long and I didn't run out of battery power, although I was low when we hung up. Using the wireless hotspot uses battery pretty fast, so if you can keep the Evo 3d plugged in when using the hotspot feature, it is a good idea. I've long made a habit of keeping a fully charged spare battery at hand and also a charger, so I rarely really have an issue with power on any device.Back to the 3D experience... I touched on it earlier in regards to the cameras, but didn't mention watching 3D movies on it. The Evo 3D comes pre-loaded with the 3d version of The Green Hornet. I watched the entire movie on the Evo 3d and found the graphics to be really great, even if the movie itself was forgettable. It also comes with a Spiderman game in 3D, which is pretty neat too.All in all, this was the right purchase for me and I am very pleased with the HTC Evo 3d. My only real disappointment is that the maximum audio volume is too low, but a good headset or external speaker can help with that. Some other users have reported heat issues with their Evo 3d devices, but so far I've been lucky enough to not have any issues with that.

I've had this phone since about the time it came out. It has had hardware problems - like strange black lines while viewing 3d images, and the camera producing a totally screwed up image (many horizontal bars of noise lines)... it goes through bouts of turning itself off repeatedly... and like all smartphones the battery doesn't last for long if you do things like... use it. If you dare to use 4G then say goodbye to the juice - using 4G will drain the battery even faster than it charges (off a computer).Also, like all phones, the phone carrier (Sprint) destroys the operating system before it gets to the customers hands -> chock full of bloatware (and probably spyware) that you cannot uninstall without rooting (hacking) your phone.As for the phone's "real" purpose, phone calls, I'd say it works well - no complaints in that department actually!All in all I'd say it's not bad considering most phones suck - and the large high-resolution bright screen is great. I would recommend the phone - but beware, you may have to suffer through some of what I mentioned above.

I'll keep my review short and nontechnical. Even now, nearly a year after its release, I find this phoen to be the greatest phone on the market. It is only just now starting to be beaten, in speed, by brand new smart phones, so it has held up extremely well.It is light and great looking. The screen is large, and there is little wasted space on the edge of the screen, like in many phones I've seen. I use it to take high res pictures for real estate appraisals, and nobody can tell the difference between the evo's 5mp camera and a standalone 10mp camera.The obvious most fun part of the phone is the 3d capability. Even after a year, I'm always amazed by the quality and sheer awesomeness of seeing a holographic image on a cell phone screen. I have taken an array of 3d pictures in my travels since owning the phone, and they always impress anyone I show them to. In fact, I have not come across anyone who hasn't been jealous of this phone; though they often like to hide their jealousy with the generic "it hurts my eyes"... If it hurts your eyes, why are you grabbing my phone and checking out every single picture in my 3d library?I've also accidentally dropped the thing nearly a dozen times and there's not a scratch to be found (I do have it in a $2 silicone case).The only drawback I can think of is that the camera lenses extend from the phone slightly, so without a case, it sits funny and the glass in the rear does scratch, unlike the screen.I recommend this phone to everyone... unfortunately, nobody has Sprint. EVen a year later, there's still no phone on the market I would ever consider replacing this gem with.

I am not going to write full review of this phone. It has been already covered by others. I got this phone on Friday and weekend was perfect time to spend and explore this phone's capabilites. The more I am using this phone, more I like it. Performance is butter smooth on this phone. Every feature I used on this phone is excellent. Call quality is good. As far as 3D is concerned it's good feature and not just gimmick. It takes some time to get adjusted to the 3D but once you get adjusted to it then you will start liking it. That said I am not completely satisfied with 3D feature but that's probably just me expecting more advanced 3D since I am not completely satisfied with my Panasonic Plasma 3D also. Even without 3D this phone is an excellent choice. And if you don't like 3D you can always switch off it. Battery life is good but it could have been better. Again it's probably expecting too much from the phone with this kind of capabilites. But that is the beauty of this phone. I am so pleased with this phone that I expect it to find parking spot for me on busy NYC streets :).

Phone is an absolute beauty. HTC Sense 3.0 is second to none in the android system custom overlay. Very responsive phone, 3D is a bit of a gimmick but it is still fun to use. Overall this is the best phone I've had. Just moved up from an EPIC 4G to this phone. And it is almost night and day in quality of device.Update: Did not hold up to the test of time. Got rid of the phone in a month. Very off balanced due to its dual cameras. Terrible battery life, with a subpar screen.

4.7 stars*****UPDATED Call Quality 6/25USEFUL TIP:  Want to find more 3D content for your EVO 3D?  Use the Youtube app on the phone and search for: yt3d:enable=true.This will provide you with a ton of 3D content!  There are also some apps in the marketplace to allow you to download these videos to show friends when WIFI is not available.The EVO 3D was a phone I was originally on the fence about purchasing.  After all, I loved my HTC EVO 4G and was happy with its performance.  I debated about whether this phone was really worth the extra cash simply for the sake of having the newest iteration on the market.  My review that follows is my initial thoughts on the phone, particularly in comparison to the previous EVO 4G.  If you have a question about the phone, want to see a picture, or want me to test a specific feature; simply post a comment and I will do my best to facilitate your request and answer any questions.---------------------------------------------THE HARDWAREOn the Outside:The EVO 3D, in my opinion is striking in its general design and form.  The black with red accenting looks great and the phone itself feels study, without being heavier (now 6 ounces) than the EVO 4g.  The glass is the ultra-scratch-resistant gorilla glass, or a substance VERY much akin.  The phone feels slightly more thin and narrow than its predecessor, ultimately making it more comfortable to hold, while the somewhat rough texture on its back provides a nice grip surface.  When I first saw pictures of the phone, I thought it was less attractive than the original EVO.  Now that I have the real deal physically in my hand I think it may be the most attractive phone I have seen to date (if you are in to that sort of thing).  In terms of it's build quality, the phone feels like a baby tank- another HTC boon.I would be remiss if I did not mention one detail of the hardware: the lack of a kickstand.  This may not be painful, unless you are an EVO 4G owner.  Where for art thou dearest kickstand?  According to HTC the kickstand was sacrificed in order to accommodate the larger battery and double camera lenses.  Whatever the reason, I miss it.Internally:The EVO 3D boasts a duel-core 1.2Ghz CPU with the Adreno 220 GPU and 1 GB of dedicated RAM.  When using the phone for daily operations it feels quick and responsive- though there is no sensation that this phone is more powerful than its predecessor in most tasks.  However, there is one major caveat: while my prior EVO 4g takes over a minute to power on, the new EVO 3D is on in less than 20 seconds.  I have yet to encounter any applications that feel sluggish on the EVO 3D, though I rarely encountered such problems on the previous version of the EVO. All-in -all it feels smooth and nimble even when pushed by demanding programs.The CameraCamera's on cell phones are not typically a make or break aspect for me.  I can tell you that the 3D pictures are a lot of fun and the phone can easily convert them to a standard 2D image if needed.  The quality of the 5MP cameras on the EVO 3D do seem to be slightly inferior to that of the previous 8MP camera on the EVO 4G.  However, they are fairly close as to be hard to distinguish, at least by my untrained eye.  If I had to pick (and I guess we do) I would rather have the 3D camera of the new unit in lieu of the higher MP EVO 4G simply for the added 3D benefits.The BatteryHere again is an area where the EVO 3D easily outshines its forerunner.  The new 1,730 mAH battery is noticeably more robust.  I have been toying with the EVO 3D endlessly and still making it through a full day of use with relative ease.  Unfortunately,  where I live I was unable to test the 4G network- though I am quite sure the battery would drain significantly faster in this mode.The ScreenThis screen is pretty awesome- and I'm not talking about the 3D effects (I'll cover those later).  The display boasts a crisp and clear qHd*  960 x540 resolution viewing area with excellent color and contrast.  This is an area where the new EVO 3D makes a strong case for EVO 4g owners to make the leap to the new version.(*qHD stands for quarter of full high definition)----3D AspectObviously, HTC wanted to highlight the main "gimmick" of the device when they named the phone the EVO 3D.  The 3D content is certainly cool.  If you or anyone you know owns the new Nintendo DS, you will find the experience to be very similar. The phone comes with a trial version of a Spiderman game in 3D, and I must admit I had a dopey grin on my face the entire time I was playing.  Pictures in 3D are interesting, however several people I surveyed found them to be headache inducing, or straining on their eyes.  There is also a copy of the Green Hornet available to watch in 3D on the device which I found to be a lot of fun and a great resource to show off the phones capabilities to friends.  While there are no glasses required to view the images in 3D, you must hold the phone at the correct angle in order to view them clearly- otherwise they look like blurry nonsense.  Fortunately the 3D camera features are easily controllable with a 3D/2D slider button located on the exterior of the phone.Call QualityThe call quality on the EVO 3D is rather unexceptional.  In my experience I noticed extremely similar results with my previous EVO 4G in terms of call quality.  The earpiece transmitted voice consistently unbroken and I could easily understand my callers.  The microphone allowed my callers to hear my own speech perfectly well with no complaints.UPDATE 6/25: Today,  I went back and forth between my E3D and E4G.  I have to say the speaker is better on my 3D in terms of clarity, and despite what some profession reviews state the call quality on my end is considerably higher.SoftwareThe Evo 3D comes equipped with the latest version of Android 2.3.3 (Gingerbread) with HTC Sense 3.0 on top.  The new version of Sense is quite sleek and is probably my favorite stock user interface from any phone developer to date.  The new lockscreen options are quite welcome and aid in accessing frequenting used areas of the phone with greater efficiency and speed.Sense uses a new "3D" carousel for its page transitions which took me a few minutes to become accustomed, yet provide a sleek system for browsing the phone contents.  The new HTC widgets are ultra-impressive, particularly the live weather backgrounds and widgets.  The new Sense offers a great balance between worthwhile features and glitzy eye-candy making the phone a joy to operate.One minor thing I don't like about the new Sense 3.0 is that is does not permit wallpaper/background scrolling.  Therefore, as you move along the navigation panels the background image remains stagnant and fixed.  This adversely effects many wallpapers on the market as they can no longer be viewed in their entirety. Hopefully, HTC modifies this aspect- otherwise I'm switching launchers in the future.Final ThoughtsThe Evo 3D is a great phone and easily the new king of the hill for Sprint Customers.  While current EVO 4G owners may be hesitant to upgrade simply for 3D capabilities(especially if you are running some exceptional custom software), the improved screen, battery and software might be enough to sway the majority of 4G users into the new EVO 3D.  If you are looking for a great phone on Sprint and don't already own an EVO 4G, this phone choice is a no-brainer.  While I miss the kickstand on the EVO 4G more than I thought I would, the EVO 3D shines in every area where I thought the original could use improvement- making this one  fairly amazing daily driver.Questions? Feel free to leave me a comment and I'll try to respond as soon as possible.

pros: I moved on to this phone from a first gen evo. Let me tell you first that the processor is lightning fast. Wifi on this phone is faster than my laptop and thats with standard sights,  not mobile.  I was sceptical about the 3d, but I must admit i am impressed. The phone comes with green hornet 3d installed and it looks amazing. I also took some video of my dogs in 3d and it also looks awesome. The 4.3 inch screen is crystal clear as well. The phone also comes with swype pre installed.  Additionally there is a built in program to easily upload videos to facebook and youtube, much better than qik. Camera takes decent pictures in 2d and 3d modes. Finally the new sense from HTC is the best interface I have seen on a phone to date!Cons: No built in kickstand, however a case with a kickstand is in the works. The charging port is on the side of the phone and its really awkward. I can honestly say this is the only feature I truly hate on the phone.Overall I highly recommend this phone and I am very satisfied with the purchase. The verdict is still put on battery life. I always keep background data turned off, helps tremendously with battery life.

First, I bought Samsung Epic 4G.  I liked everything about the phone except the battery life.  I had to charge it every night.  It sucked big time.  So, I exchanged it with HTC EVO 3D by paying more money.  The EVO 3D's battery life has been much better than the Epic's, but Epic 4G wins almost every aspect besides the battery life though.  The worst part of the EVO 3D, in my opinion, is the photo quality.  I don't care for 3D much.  2D photos come out blurry no matter what I do.  With the flash or without, it doesn't matter.  It's all bad.  I tried to adjust some settings including 'wide screen', 'image adjustments', 'resolution' and so on, but didn't make much difference.  The 2D photo quality is bad, period.  Epic 4G has a much better photo quality.  I'm stuck with HTC though because I can do only one exchange if the brand is different according to Amazon Wireless.  I guess I can get cash refund by returning the phone and use my old non-Android phone.  Still debating.  If taking photos with a smart phone is important to you, DO NOT buy this HTC EVO 3D.  If you have a friend who has EVO 3D, try it for yourself first.

This is a really good phone, i have only had it for  few days but it has been incredible, the 3d is suprisingly good and does not strain my eyes s much as I thought that it would. The battery life leaves something to be desired but overall it is an impressive device.

Great phone. Worth the upgrade from an HTC Evo 4G.Its faster and doesn't freeze up.Seems slimmer and sexier also.Also more internal memory so I don't have to run out of space when installing apps.

I absolutely love this phone.This phone is unbelievably fast - I multitask a lot, so I'll have many apps open, browsers open, take pictures, etc. etc. and the the system barely ever slows down.Accessing the internet on this phone is amazing, I don't use my laptop as much anymore when I'm home because of how great the browsing experience is.  Unfortunately, I don't ever get 4g speeds to the point where I don't even try it anymore.  But 3g and WiFi are great.The battery life on the phone isn't as bad as some make it out to be.  Few big things, download a battery management application and make sure your screen brightness is set to low.  You'll be fine.Sense 3.0 is great, it's fast, it's easy to setup shortcuts, widgets, folders, etc. on your home screen.  Very easy to use.Google Marketplace is also unbelievable, it feels like I have access to an unlimited amount of apps whenever I want them, and they download and install so fast.I can go on and on about this phone, I just love it.  Best phone I've ever had, Hands Down!

I bought this about four months ago and hate it!!!  It constantly freezes - as in all day long.  If it's not freezing then it's going nuts - going from huge print to small print and letters cone up that I haven't even typed.  It's like it's possessed.  Want to return it and never see it again.

So i have had this phone since June and at first i loved it. It has a beautiful screen. The 3D is actually pretty nice. It is fun to take pics on it. I had no problem with it and then suddenly one day it turned into a nightmare. The camera stopped working. I have to literally take the battery out and put it back in to work. Then i had problems sending texts messages (which might be a sprint problem but i don't know). Also, the battery is awful! I mean it started going crazy. It was telling me it wasn't charging when it was plugged in correctly. Then when it should have a full battery life it would be telling me it was dying. I called sprint and they were helpful up to a point! Also it started to turn itself off and restarting itself. Now this may just be a faulty phone but i would wait until they release it! I got it when it first came out and sadly i think it needs some work before it turns out to be a great phone.

I got the UK version of this phone 2 weeks ago to replace my iPhone 3GS and to be honest I haven't looked back since.I have been busy creating apps for it and taking advantage of the amazing 3D camera and screen.I have even converted some home movies into 3D to watch on them too. The 5mp duel camera is very good for any type of pictures and the auto focus and face recognition works a treat.I totally recommend this phone. Don't be afraid there is another option available that can beat the iPhones.Thanks Tim[...][...][...]

Recently bought this phone and so far impressed. Really good work by HTC, the phone screams compared to its predecessor. HTC's updates to the UI are the vast improvement, my downloaded widgets for controls have almost been made obsolete. HTC added a new feature to the pull down menu to where you can quickly cut off things like WIFI, Mobile Network, Blue Tooth, etc. Not to mention a recent apps added to the top of the pull down menu. No more having to hold the home button. From the lock screen you can also choose four applications that you can jump right to.They modified the stock keyboard removing the arrows at the bottom, and made the ability to move the cursor on words quite a bit more precise. This was my only gripe with the Evo 4G was coming from an iPhone I had a bit more of a challenge typing. Now I feel like the Evo 3D has surpassed every piece of advantage I felt the iPhone had.Thank you HTC and keep up the good work.P.S. I'm digging that you can move different screens around like you can apps on the dashboard. Just zoom out by pressing home twice or pinching from the home screen. Hold on a particular dashboard and you can move them around.

I bought this phone in July of 2011 and it was a great buy. Or so I thought! It turned out to be the phone from hell. The 1st month of having it, I had to return it and get a new one because the previous one over heated! Then, once I received the nest one, it went down hill from there. It freezes, overheats, Shuts off unexpectedly and I lose connection constantly! It overheated so bad one day, as soon as I picked it up, it burned to the touch. I ended up dropping it to the floor damaging the frame. I no longer have that red piece that goes around the camera part because it peeled off!! I rarely used the 3D option so I have no opinion on that. For those who bought it and had no problems, LUCKY YOU, I'm envious. For those who are planning on buying it, GOOD LUCK!

Looks like every other HTC android phone on the market....which isn't necessarily a bad thing. But, we've all seen enough of these so I'll point out things that I found remarkable.1. Phone is technically narrower and taller than the original EVO 4G but not by much. Still, it feels much better in the hand and much more comfortable to hold...I guess those millimeters add up.2. My unit had a little white light peeking through the glass towards the bottom of the screen by the buttons. Since the light was only at the bottom and not uniform around the screen, I think this is a build quality issue, not an intended design or feature. I found it distracting...but I got over it.3. HTC Sense was always my favorite UI customization...the new 3.0 is even better. Sense 3.0 easily makes HTC the best android phone maker. There is now a companion website where you can register your Sense device and ring a phone remotely, track its location, remotely wipe it etc. Pretty cool.4. 3D works. It's cool. And it's a gimmick that gets old quick. It's not worth getting the phone for the 3D but it is fun...I found myself liking it much more than I expected.5. The screen, I want to say because of the 3D display, looks cloudy when there are smudges on it. All touch screen phones get fingerprints on them...it's the price of entry I suppose....but this one is actually hard to see and very tough to clean because of the 3D. In daylight, with the fingerprints, the screen is useless....I could barely tell it's even on!. This is probably the biggest flaw of this phone.6. The prominent metal camera button is nice. I wish more phones had a camera button like this one.7. Battery life is better than average...and much better than the original Evo 4G. I am a heavy user....with all radios on and non-stop phone and data use, I got about 4 hours of use on one charge. With 4G or WiFi turned off and "average" voice/data use, I could go a whole day...a little longer with BOTH 4G and WiFi off.8. I'm returning it. Mostly because of the display. My next phone will be the Moto Photon because it has just about the same specs without the 3D, GSM for overseas travel and better camera....plus the new MotoBLUR is supposed to be much more like Sense.9. I wish HTC would make a top of the line phone like this with a physical keyboard so I can finally kick my crackberry habit.10. Rating it 4 stars....the phone is easily the king of the hill for the moment. Taking away 1 star for the display...almost tempted to take away more but the rest of the phone really is that good where less than 4 stars would be a little harsh.

I upgraded from an iPhone 3Gs 16gb that was on AT&T; for 2 yrs & then was on Straight Talk for the past year. I sold it for $115 & bought the HTC Evo 3D 4G from Virgin Mobile for $149 (Sprint's No Contract carrier that uses the Sprint network) via Walmart.com. Here is a quick list of my observations (or the good & the not so good).The Good1. The phone itself comes with ICS (Android 4.0.3) and HTC's Sense 3.6 - the 1.2 GHz snapdragon processor is blazing fast. The UI & features are excellent. Google Maps allows for talking in an address and immediately looking up the address with street view showing the location (and giving directions). It just may replace my GPS (I bought a separate USB cradle for charging and it works great for sitting on a dashboard when docked). Action is smooth and the "live" weather background is like "dreamscene" in Windows Vista Ultimate with the clouds moving like you are flying. Awesome eye candy. The phone reception is strong (much better than iPhone & the AT&T; network).2. The battery is the weakness, but I purchased the extended battery so this is not an issue. I prefer having a phone I can hold onto instead of it being super thin (it helps if the phone is dropped when combined with a rubber shell as the screen is less likely to shatter) so the extended battery and replacement back helps immensely.3. The wifi is crazy fast, and 4G (wimax) is also fast (a huge difference when compared to 3G).4. Skype video is awesome (who needs facetime????).5. The ability to transfer from the old phone to the new phone regarding contacts and data via Bluetooth (and a wizard) is crazy good.6. Very easy setup to Facebook, email, etc.-------------------------------------------------The not so good1. The controls on the screen are very "touchy" and you have to hold the phone in a certain way to ensure it isn't going nuts opening apps/tasks).2. The side mini usb port is poorly designed (it looks like it could break easily). I am just extra careful with it (versus the Apple port on the iPhone which is more durable).Overall, a great phone for using for email/messaging, phone/voice calls, playing with apps, multi-tasking, etc. Much like a PC or laptop, I know this isn't like a VCR and "just works" when being turned on. I know when the O/S (Android) is having a hiccup, I just shut down / restart (when in doubt, reboot). I rarely have to do that (no more than I did with my previous iPhone). For the money, this is a HUGE bang for the buck (for $45 a month for unlimited data - unlimited messaging - and 1,200 minutes call time). And yes, I know Sprint throttles data.... but at the 2.5 GB point, I understand (which is why the Wi-Fi aspect helps keep that data usage down and I get fast speeds when I do need it).HTC EVO V 4G Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)

Firstly multitasking is a breeze...I love how new android operating systems are Actually new and not just minor improvements(can't wait for "Ice Cream Sandwich" on this device). Dlna on this phone is great streaming movies and all sorts of media with all my devices gives me freedom to watch and see what I want when I want to. With this phone my kids love watching movies while I'm busy I know they are entertained the games are amazing 3d or not. It's such a fun device with developers making new apps daily for this device I won't get tired of it anytime soon.  Ive had the new iPhone too and the battery on the new iPhone isn't very impressive. I used it just as much as I would in a normal day and the evo 3d would last longer for me. I've read about people who complain about the battery life but if you do a google search there are a couple of very interesting websites that have ways on how you can improve on the battery life and make it last much longer. Im not trying to start an android iOS war but I'm just saying that technology is moving very fast. The options in this phone are great for any person any age.....try to use this phone for a while and go out and use an iPhone.....you will then notice what I see and words are hard to describe. I'm not an apple hater aim posting this using my iMac. Its just an honest opinion from me. Some of the things I've said are available on other android devices but the only other 3d one is lg and thats not on the same carrier as my device so I have no comparison if I want all the choices plus glasses free 3d it's the Evo 3d for me!

All the positive reviews on this phone truly make this an incredible phone and a pleasure to own. It is extremely fast and will play Sprint TV and video's without any buffering. So you ask why the 1 star rating? The speaker on this phone makes it impossible to hear. The camera spends so much time auto focusing that the pictures sometimes end up blurry. Now for the reason why this phone is not worth the money. I had this phone for 30 days. I live in the Dallas, TX area. I went to Lake Whitney which is 10 miles off the I-35 cooridor. I had no service with this phone. My wife who has a Blackberry 8330 curve had 3 bars and service. I turned off 4G and still no service. I called Sprint on my way home and they had me update the PRL's (cell towers) on this device. Soon I was getting no service inside or outside my house which is in Cedar Hill, TX with this phone while my wife's phone will get service. Called Sprint and they sent me an Airave device to get service in my house. The Evo 3D then would get all bars of sevice in the room with this device was in and as soon as would leave room it would go down to 2 bars. Plus it took 4 to 5 times to get it to connect to this device dialing *99. I took the phone to a Sprint Store where they tested this phone and said that there was no problems with this device and the antenna inside the phone was working properly. Meanwhile, I work in downtown Dallas where I could get 4G outside but would turn to 3G inside the building I work in. Also I was having problems gettig service inside the building where I did get sevice before with the same Blackberry my wife owns. While this might be one of the faster phone on the market and have great app's, it is viurtually useless if it does not get any service. And after all, Isn't this suppose to be a phone also? Good thing I didn't break down when I had no service. I have never taken in or traded in a phone before, but after paying $199 for this paper weight I decided to trade this phone in for the Motorola Photon. I get service with The Motorola in many dead spots that previous Sprint phones will not(especially the EVO 3D). I turned off the Airave in my house and get all bars of service. It may be lacking some of the features of the HTC EVO 3D, but I can hear the speaker on the phone. And best of all, I now have service again.

Let me start by saying that this is my first Android phone. Im coming from an LG Dare from Verizon. So for me, everything is awesome and fast. I can browse the net with lightning quick speed. Any app i've tossed at it loads fast and runs great. I watch Netflix anywhere I want!!! Call quality is good, but not great. Sometimes people sound a bit "tinny". The speaker on the phone is not that great either. I cant really comment on reception because I switched from Verizon to Sprint. But my Evo does have hard times getting reception in places my Verizon phone did not. Cant fault the phone though, cause Im sure its the carrier. No major reception problems though, so that makes me happy.Anyways, music sounds horrible. I know its a phone, but my 3 year old LG Dare sounded better playing tunes. The 5megapixel camera is actually quite good if you know what your doing. There is 100,200,400,800 ISO. As well as White Balance, Face Detection, and even has a Self Timer. I took some clear pictures in an indoor low light environment and it came out practically grain-free.The 3D: I happen to like the 3D. I wouldnt buy the phone just because of the 3D, but it is a cool feature to have and lots of fun to mess around with. In the next two years it will be a standard feature like the touchscreen is nowadays, so you mine as well get use to it. Ive messed around with the Nintendo 3DS, and the EVO 3D is better. The "sweetspot" of 3D seems bigger than Nintendos, meaning you have more wiggle room to see the 3D effect and less blur. I watched the Green Hornet in 3D with no problems at all and was actually impressed by the 3D effect. Works really well. Dont take 3D to mean things flying off the screen. The 3D here is all depth, meaning it seems to be going in the phone and beyond. Some things might appear just peaking outside the screen, but for the most part, its all about the depth. Best part of 3D is taking pictures of family and friends. Adds something NEW to regular photos. Dont try taking action shot in 3D. The target needs to be still. If you want movement in 3D, switch to the camcorder mode and shoot 3D video.Overall I really love the phone. I knocked a star off cause I have to charge it every night. I knew this buying the phone, so Im not too upset. But if I forget to charge it one night, Im screwed. Also, Im not a fan of the design. The camera lens' stick way out, and one of the lens is placed in the middle of the phone so your hand/fingers are always touching it which equals fingerprints! Theres also no plugs/covers for the usb port, headphone port, etc. THe phone is in my pocket and lint and dust etc get into those ports. Be nice if they have a plug/cover for the open ports. My LG Dare did :) Small gripes, but they are there.

Love the big screen--yadda, yadda, yadda.  Let's not talk about the features that everyone else is talking about, things which are obvious such as the large screen and the camera button, or the 3D features.  You can see that just by looking at it.To me, it's not that much different from the HTC Hero I had before except that it's a hell of a lot faster, and has some added conveniences that I really like.  I like the new iTunes-like market for movies, television, and music, but other than that it's not a whole lot different than its immediate predecessors--except again for the speed and computer-like processing power and capacity.PRO:On one of the screens you can flip to, with the touch of a virtual button you can turn on and off 4G, WiFi, Bluetooth, and GPS in any combination according to your current needs and preferences.  This means you can instantly set it for what you're doing and where you are at the moment without having to go through a bunch of menus or keep a bunch of battery power sucking features running all the time.  If I am inside for several hours, I don't need GPS to be on; if I am not at a WiFi router or using the internet at the moment I don't need to have WiFi on.  This makes a huge difference in battery life.CON:While the electronics junkies out there will go on and on about what to the average user are seemingly insignificant technical features that frankly I'm not even qualified to discuss, I will say this phone can get burning hot if it's looking for a signal which isn't there.  This goes in line with my PRO comment above though.  If you're sitting in a restaurant which has no 4G reception, no WiFi, and no line of site with GPS satellites in the sky, you should simple turn those features off.  If you don't, then you definitely don't want to have this thing in your pocket at the time because it gets so hot looking for those signals that you would think it would spontaneously combust.  Really, it's that burning hot.  And that can't be good for your health either.Again though, the software designers wisely made it so that you could turn features on and off without having to navigate menus, and I imagine the heat and the quick power drain caused by not turning off features which you can't use at the moment was the reason.BOTTOM LINE:With all the features turned on--4G, WiFi, Bluetooth, and GPS--all the time, battery life is very short and the phone can get hazardously, burning hot.  If you manage these features in the way that the operating system is designed to allow you to do conveniently the phone never gets hot and the battery life is excellent.Of course I love the phone for the big screen and camera button, but to me that's just candy coating.  If they came out with a new version of the Hero which was as fast and had the same convenient operating features as this phone, I would buy that.  But I do PREFER the big screen--so don't go miniaturizing this phone in the future HTC or I'll stop cheering for your cycling team in the Tour de France.

Before this phone I had the regular Evo 4G, but OMG this phone is a beast! I don't know why some people complain so much about it's 3D capability, but it has impressed absolutely every single person that I've shown it to. The feature is there use it if you like it if you don't then don't. As for the specs read all the reviews below. All I can say is that I agree with most of them.

Be warned!  My BMW doesn't have Bluetooth 3.0 and I've exhausted every resource trying to get phonebook sync to work with my BMW which doesn't have Bluetooth 3.0.  I've tried:-Bimmerfest forums-E60.net-XDA forums-Call HTC Tech support, they told me to talk to my dealer-Went to the dealer, they couldn't get it to workMy old HTC Evo 4G worked just fine.UPDATE (11/5/2011):------------------I thought it was a problem with Android's bluetooth 3.0, but it isn't. You can test this out yourself. Go to any local Sprint (or whoever carries the Samsung Galaxy S II) and ask them if they can come out to your car so you can test the bluetooth phone book sync will work with your car.My car has only bluetooth 2.0 and the Galaxy S II was able to flawlessly phone book sync with my car!  However, ALL OF THE NEW HTC phones with bluetooth 3.0 could NOT do this.  Again, I did this with all of Sprint's HTC phones.  I'll test it with Tmobile's HTC phones next when I have time, but I have a feeling the results will sadly be the same!  Feel free to test this yourself.  I know all the HTC fan boys will try to thread crap and down rate this review, but you guys are just being idiots!  HTC will have no incentive to fix this and get it working if you help them hide the problem.  Again, go to the store and test this yourselves![...]Hopefully someone on XDA can port Samsung's bluetooth 3.0 out to HTC, but I wouldn't hold your breath. Just go with Samsung to be safe.Samsung phones also support USB Host mode, which I was trying to get to work on HTC but again, FAIL. Here's a video about USB Host mode, it's so sweet![...]

I'm delighted with my HTC EVO 3D after using it for the past few weeks. I like its build quality, features, and its intuitive functionality.This is my first smart phone (not counting my work BlackBerry Bold) and its thoroughly met my expectations. I shied away from buying one earlier because I don't do social networking and I had the (mis)perception that the only reason to buy a smart phone was to update your Facebook status or tweet your latest missive. Also, the expensive data plans didn't seem worth it. However, needing a new phone I took the plunge. Also Sprint's unlimited data plan seemed highly appealing (a couple of co-workers swore by it). So, my wife and I went with the family plan and two shiny new phones.My review is geared at the smart phone newbie. I cross-shopped the Samsung Epic (my wife purchased one), the iPhone, Motorola Droid, Blackberry Torch, and a few others.Pros+ Antenna strength is impressive. My office is deep inside an old factory and cell reception is poor to non-existent. My Evo--while down to two or one bars--still has reception. Even at no bars, I'm still receiving email, taking calls, and listening to Pandora+ The 4G network is blazing fast. Its as if I'm on my cable modem at home (or better). I've watched YouTube videos and done video calling (a bit of fun and great for kids--especially if the parents travel). Downloads occur smoothly and quickly.+ The 3G Sprint network isn't too shabby either. My work BlackBerry is on Verizon's 3G network and it's a snoozing, overweight dog. While its hard to tell if it's the network or phone hardware (or a diabolical combo), my observations are the Evo on Sprint's 3G trounces Verizon's 3G network.+ The touch screen (something I haven't really used before) works extremely well. It has the right sensitivity and I never hit the wrong button.+ Typing on the touch screen isn't nearly as unpleasant as I thought. Its easy and the phone has a pleasant little vibration when you hit a key. HTC definitely put together a nice tactile sensation for those of us who prefer a real keyboard.+ The 3D aspect is a bit of a gimmick. I don't use it on a day-to-day basis. That said, I love taking 3D pictures and it provides endless entertainment for my kids. Also, some of the 3D shots I've taken are really quite cool (and I'm not that skilled).+ Phone hardware, memory, and display are excellent. It is slightly mind-boggling that the phone's stats would have equaled those of a solid desktop computer from just a few years ago. Start time is quick, apps download smoothly, and updates take place behind-the-scenes. Its an impressive experience.+ Others have mentioned phone call quality, speaker phone volume, and other traditional "phone" features. My observations are the phone does its basic jobs well.Cons- I was a bit surprised how heavy the phone was when I first received it. I quickly got use to the weight, but my initial impression was "this phone is a brick!" It weighs more than my wife's Galaxy (even with it ensconced in the protective cocoon). Nonetheless, the phone is slim and easily fits in my pocket.- Esthetically, the phone doesn't stand out from the pack. It looks like dozens of others on the market. Compared to the Galaxy, it's vanilla. Contrasting it to the iPhone seems unfair. However, what it lacks in exterior styling it repays in interior power; screen display (3D!); and ease-of-use. It's a good phone (great in my opinion) but it doesn't stand out from the crowd.- I took me a few days to really warm up to the phone. My wife's Samsung seemed a bit nicer with a more appealing design (and it was much lighter). However, after using the phone for a week it really grew on me.- Battery life is pretty decent, but you do need to be judicious about turning off services (e.g. wireless or 4G) to keep it from seeking a source it can't find. I can stretch the battery life to 8 hours with moderate use (Pandora, a few calls, checking email, surfing the web at lunch) but my Blackberry can go for days when used similarly. It's a minor quibble--I know smart phones are resource intensive--but as this is a newbie review it warrants mentioning.In summary... A very good phone that I am pleased to have purchased. I generally keep my tech equipment (laptops, tvs, etc.) around longer than the industry might prefer. From reading other reviews, I've seen that HTC does a good job of supporting its hardware and allowing upgrades. Apple's forced obsolescence always turned me off (I recognize it's a good market strategy--at least until other companies peel away their customers). If you are looking for a phone to keep for a few years (or more) this seems like a good bet. I like the Android OS and feel it stacks up well against the iPhone.Lastly, I don't think you can go wrong ordering from Amazon. I cross-shopped the wireless provider sites and prices clearly favored Amazon. Sprint (at least in the North East) has a strong presence and their prices and plans are far better than AT&T; and Verizon. Good luck! Hoped this helped...

I don't have a long review. I got the EVO 3D a month after it came out. I had a Hero the funny thing was my husband had the same phone and his was never a problem but mine must have been a Monday or Friday  Hero cause I had nothing but problems. The Sprint guy let me get this 8 months early and I have not looked back. I LOVE this phone. First of all I have to say I cannot physically see 3d I am blind in one eye. I do not mean I can't just not see I actually lost and eye but that is neither here nor there. I can't see 3D. That was not a selling point. The display was awesome. I loved the size and the apps and storage I bought a 16 gig card quick and all is well. Everything I do on this phone is great. I can't use 4G here but when I go to St Louis I can and I notice it sucks the battery. I also notice when I go wireless (and that is VERY easy to do) That saves the battery too. I put it up to my friends IPhone4 and mine wins!!! I do wish we had some Iphone aps but other than that I LOVE this phone!!! I am very glad I got it. I have had not one problem thus far. I did by an otter box for it. Sadly I could only get black black or black but it saved my phone when I dropped in a concrete floor. So I Hardily suggest an otterbox to protect your investment.

I hate to say it. But. At first this phone was probably one of the best I have ever used. The 3D was awesome and worked perfect. But as you add stuff to the phone and customize it the phone quality drops. It freezes literally every 10 seconds the screen becomes unresponsive and the games go extremely slow. It sucks. The updates fix it for about 10 minutes then it drops back down to crap. It is completely terrible. So do not waste your money. Get the iphone or the Windows 7 phone

If you want a superfast, stable, full of neat stuff, this is it, I've had iphones, windows based phones, this is BY FAR the best experience I ever had with a phone, I do agree with the fact that the 3D camera, and 3D display still need some work but come on..!! this is the first 3D phone, technology is new, it's actually a little better than I thought it would be..

I really like the EVO 3D for blazing fast speed and cool features. I can download and use apps within a few seconds. The video is amazing and I love the customizable interface of the phone.However, weighing heavily against the features I like about this phone are the following (in order of magnitude):#1 - The battery life is terrible - Even after I did all of the battery saving tricks (dimming the phone, app killers, battery saver apps, shutting down network features...etc), the battery still runs out way too quickly. I'm always trying to find a place to charge my phone and I don't use it that often.#2 - The onscreen keypad is way too sensitive, very small, and difficult to use. I've been trying to train my fingers on the keypad, but it is difficult to use because a key will be pressed just before my finger touches the screen and the keys appear very narrow.#3 - USB on the side of the phone. This wasn't an issue when I first started using the phone, but now I find it increasingly annoying because I find it necessary to be plugged in so frequently (see issue #1 above).#4 - The speaker is very weak on high volume. For turn by turn directions I could barely hear the voice navigation over the engine noise.Unfortunately if I can't find a good enough fix for the battery life issue, this will be a deal breaker and I will return the phone. Because what's the point of having this phone if the battery is constantly going dead?

My phone has a dead strip of screen along the ZXCVBNM keyboard row.  This started after it was about 14 months old.  Sporadic at first, becoming more frequent.  Often I can't answer the phone because the unlock swipe passes over the dead spot on the screen.  Can't text without turning screen sideways and QWASZ are constantly mistyping.  Sometimes my phone will start swiping and typing by itself.  The lock will jump over and over as the screen shorts and detects phantom touches. It has become useless.  $300+ dollars down the drain.The camera on this phone has always been abysmal. Colors are often wildly off.  Blurs and softness abound.  I didn't care about 3d.  When I asked around people said HTC is know for crappy cameras in their phone.I often don't get 4G, and if you travel say good buy to having a phone if you travel outside of metropolitan cities.  I didn't have data access on my phone for weeks. I lost PHONE access heavily in northern michigan.  I actually had to ask people if there was a public phone booth around. Because of this I ended up buying a Verizon pay-as-you-go phone while traveling around the U.S.  I simply couldn't go days and weeks without phone service.I wouldn't buy another HTC unless I got a big bargain and a warranty.  Everything I liked about it was courtesy of Android, not specific to HTC. HTC specific hardware was bad.Battery drain from the start was bad, as is usual amongst smart phones.  I have a Samsung flip-phone. I charge it and it is good for most of the week.

This is my first smartphone. I got to say that it is pretty powerful and gets the job done. The downside to this phone is that it lags a little sometimes and the battery life is below satisfaction. I would recommend getting a spare battery to carry around because it is a hassle if you run out of battery while you are on the road to a meeting or something important. There are a lot of pros to this phone. The 3D function is very neat and is something that you can show off to your friends. The processor is super fast and makes everything look very smooth. There is a pretty big screen so you can see pretty much everything on it. It is one of the better phones because of its design and the way it can do so many things. 3D pictures are my favorite. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants to have a cool 3D feature or rather anyone who just wants a powerful phone that can get pretty much any job done.

personal significant use: android g1 -> iphone 3gs -> htc evo 4g 3d(also toyed with many other android devices and iphone 4)this device is easily my favorite.for me, the 3D is a significant feature set.photos and videos display on my nvidia nvision active shutter 3D desktop without conversion.everyone (unexpectedly) loves the 3D features (literally everyone, except one person who had some kind of oculo-muscular surgery of some kind and could not see it)

I am blown away by this phone. Without getting into all of the details that others already covered, I want to touch on a just a few features.First, sound quality of the media player surprised me. I used it to drive my Sennheiser HD600 headphones and immediately heard subtle detail and smooth sound in my music that I had not expected from a phone - not that I expected much given past experiences, but none the less, it was a pleasant surprise that the sound quality was enjoyable. Since I would like to add a lot of musich to my phone - I have one request for phone manufacturers - could you add a second micro SD slot so instead of replacing the generous 8GB card that came with my hone with another, I could just add a card for even more storage. The increase in price for card capacity is not linear so two smaller cards would be much more cost effective.I like the latest version of HTC Sense very much and the speed of the phone and fluidity of the transition from screen to screen to app is amazing - thanks I am sure to the dual core processor. I can also get to the screen or application that I want much quicker than with earlier Android phones.The 3D is a very cool feature after you get used to it (you need to find the right angle and the right distance from your eyes), but for those who do not care for the 3D, the phone is spectacular whether or not you ever use this feature. Either way, you can still take quality photos and shoot HD video in 2D as well and the shutter button is perfect. Next to the shutter is a toggle switch that allows you switch between 2D and 3D easily.The screen is beautiful, the size is perfect, battery has been fine, etc. I am glad Sprint did not raise the price of this phone and has decided to remain competetive. Sprint service has been great and I could not get anything close to this phone and service plan for the price with another major carrier. In short, I love this phone!

DO NOT put any faith into the so called "professional reviews!". They are just plain wrong! I can only fathom that all of their issues were fixed with subsequent firmware updates, OR they have some sort of an agenda due to political affiliations.This is the BEST phone on Sprint right now, and in my opinion on the market.  BLAZING fast speed, higher quality speaker than OG Evo 4g, Nicer screen, Camera is noticeably better once you adjust settings properly, video is about 3x better and smoother.  3D is AMAZING, and is NOT a gimmick in my opinion.  Try watching Go Pro HD 2011 highlights in 3d on Youtube, INCREDIBLE!  Everyone is impressed with the 3d videos and photos this thing is capable of! Battery Life is WAY better than original Evo, which I have owned for over a year.  As good as the last Evo was, this one is an upgrade in every sense of the word.Do yourself a favor and get the best phone out on the market right now, and tell those jaded reviewers to SHOVE it!

I really wanted to love this phone, and after using it for about 5 months, I still LIKE it, but I don't LOVE it.What I like:The phone's display is beautiful. I love the HTC-specific flavor of Android that is included on the EVO 3D. The phone is fast, and I don't suffer from any iPhone envy.  In fact, just the opposite. I've had several iPhone users tell me that they loved the features on my phone. I love the built-in memory; my last Android phone suffered from not having enough internal memory, and I haven't had any trouble with the EVO 3D. I love watching Netflix on my phone, and I love how my contacts are integrated from Facebook and Google in the address book, and how my Facebook friends' birthdays show as events on my calendar.What I'm neutral about:The 4G service is nice, but I don't have 4G coverage at my work, or at my house, which is kind of a bummer, but isn't the phone's fault. The 3D camera is gimmicky. It is fun to show people how you can see 3D images on the screen, but I find that I mostly still take 2D images and almost exclusively take 2D videos. I don't have a 3D television, and can't see myself getting one in the near future, so the 3D technology is nifty, but not all that practical for me.What I dislike:I've had battery issues with this phone from day one. I got a bad battery to start with, and I had to go to a Sprint repair facility to get it fixed. The Sprint worker just took the battery out of his phone and put it in mine and sent me on my way. (That was weird. I guess he wanted the new battery for himself.) Several times when I've been charging the phone in my car, it has frozen. I have to take the battery out for a couple of hours for the phone to reset (even 30 minutes hasn't been long enough to allow the phone to re-start). Speaking of the battery, the battery life is terrible. If I allow background data, I have to re-charge my phone at lunch because the battery can't make it through the work day (and I don't use it that much in the office). Even if I don't allow background data, while the phone does fine while I'm at work, it is often dead by bedtime. On the weekends, when I use my phone more, the battery life is particularly frustrating.  I guess that my hands are just too big, because several times each day, when holding the phone in my right hand, I reach with my index finger to put the phone in standby, and my pinky hits the home button at the same moment, and I take a screen shot, rather than turn the phone off. While it is cool that HTC allows to to easily take screen shots (Android, by default, doesn't include this functionality), it is frustrating that this happens so often to me. I also have found the touch-sensitive hardware buttons (Home, Menu, Back, and Search) frustrating. It is very easy to press one of these "buttons" by accident. The speaker is on the back (???) of the phone, making it very hard to listen to movies or music without headphones. Finally, I don't think I'm unusually hard on my phone: I'm an office worker and often keep the phone in my pants pocket, but the phone shows a lot of wear after only 5 months. The black paint around the rim of the front of the phone has worn off, making an almost continuous silver border. The metal trim around the glass started to detach on the lower left side of the phone. I had to super-glue it back on, which doesn't seem like the best solution, but it worked.Summary:Like I said, I like the phone, but I don't love it, though I really wanted to love it, but there are too many shortcomings. My next phone will still be an Android, but will likely be from a different manufacturer. I can upgrade in about 6 more months. I hope I can wait that long.

I've had this phone for about 7 months now and i'm coutin the days until my plan lets me upgrade (2 years from when i bought it).Overall the android os and the phone itself is pretty good. Its a solid feeling phone with a nice screen. Its a bit on the large side of have in your pocket and its a bit heavy, but these are acceptable because of how large the screen is. The screen is relatively high rez unless you see it next to a retna display, then it looks like garbage.The biggest problem with this phone is it is ALWAYS dead. plan on having a charger with you at all times cause this phone loves to die. I honestly think it can only idle for 12 hours, if you use it all during those 12 hours i'd expect only 8 hours out of the phone. Who needs features when you can't even turn the thing on.overall, i'd say DO NOT BUY

This is by far one of the best phones I've had. First of all even though the 3D is not for everyone, it is fun to see people get excited and amazed when you show it to them.  I had the Sprint HTC EVO 3D and for a more specific review you can look into that review as the only difference is being GSM and the carrier specific bloatwear. Pictures are great and you can upload the 3D format into YouTube and share with others. The unlocked phone works great on AT&T 4G (HSPA+ of course) and gets very good download and upload speeds. The processor and memory keeps up with most phones available to this date and the build quality is very good. Definitely recommend.

I have had this phone for about 9 months and absolutely love it. As a software/phone developer, I can tell you that this phone stock out of the box is awesome, but not nearly pushed to it's potential. The hardware is incredible. The cpu is rated at 1.2ghz, however is capable of 1.6ghz easily. Which means you will be seeing much more of this phone in the future rebadged as newer and "better" phones. Even for the average user, it is smooth, fast, and fully capable of anything. The cons: as with any smartphone....BATTERY! Computing power takes battery power, no way around it. However, there is and extended battery available. I believe everything else has been said in other reviews.

A disclaimer,I can't really tell where the android 2.3 begins and the HTC sense software ends so this review isn't for Android 2.3 or HTC sense individually but for the overall phone. Also, I upgraded my phone from a dinosaur android, the samsung moment, so this review won't be helpful if you want to hear about evo vs. 3d evo.Pros:There are tons, let's start this a different way.Cons:-I dislike the placement of the power button on the top of the phone. I am a woman with average sized hands and i can not reach the power button with my pointer finger while palming the phone. This turns a simple operation of checking to see the time to a two hand operation where i have to balance the phone in one and and press the power button with another. A better place for that button is the side of the phone where you can push the button while holding with one hand.- The 3d is not impressive at all.I thought long and hard to come up with those two!Ok, now that I've gotten that out of the way, the good stuff!Pros:-This is absolutely the most crisp, clear screen that I have ever seen on any phone. The colors just pop and the resolution is amazing. The only thing i really can compare it to is the screen on the apple Ipad2. It's just plain brilliant and amazing.-The phone takes beautiful pictures and video. Very clear images.-The screen rotates so that landscape viewing works on either side (there's no "right" side).-The widgets are really impressive on this phone. The 7 different desktops (or scenes as I like to call them) can't be beat. One of my screens is the music player, which stays active and allows you to pause or skip phones without unlocking the phone, this was a pretty cool feature. Another scene is the weather which is animated showing the weather conditions. I also have the bookshelf widget which i am using only cause it looks so darn pretty, and many more. I spent like the past 24 hours just playing with my new space.-No noticeable lag in swiping or keying on the keyboard. easy to type and i only miss my physical keyboard a teeny bit.I could go on, I really do love this phone.The battery seems decent. I watched half of the green hornet, and played with my phone about 5 hours straight on wifi, playing with new app games, etc, and completely drained it. but it seems to be holding up well under normal use. we'll see.

With new devices being constantly added to each phone carrier, it's tough to pick one and call it an "end all, be all."  And while it's true the Evo 3D, successor to Sprint's popular Evo 4G smartphone, is past its prime, it remains one of the more solid offerings one can find not just on Sprint, but any carrier.Aesthetically, the Evo 3D has much of the inclusions you'd expect a smartphone to have.  There's the standard power button, a mini-USB output for charging and syncing with computers, a headphone output and volume buttons on the side.  Two of the less common features the phone offers, however, are a dedicated camera button (press down lightly to focus, press again to take the picture) and a 2D/3D switch for photo/video recording.  Since the phone actually has two camera lenses next to each other, there's less space for the battery, which must be removed to access the included microSD card.  The phone is relatively thin and has a slightly rough and plastic texture on the back cover that feels a bit cheap, but this can be alleviated with the purchase of an inexpensive case.Though the Evo 3D's specs have since been overshadowed by other, more recently released phones, it still features some impressive power for such a compact device.  Thanks to a 1.2 GHz dual-core processor and 1 GB of RAM, the phone can easily handle multiple applications running simultaneously.  The 4.3-inch screen also remains one of the best and largest you can find on a smartphone today.  Brightness can get quite high, color is in high quality regardless of the source, and the resolution helps make details easy to see.The phone utilizes the Android operating system and has HTC's renowned HTC Sense interface.  Though it might be daunting to see all the various features if upgrading directly from a standard cell phone, the included manual and fluidity of HTC Sense address most of the fundamentals.  Little details like the spiraling home screens (going in an endless loop) and slide-down menu to check updates and access "Quick Settings" also help make navigating feel that much easier.  While a lot of the appeal and enjoyment of a phone's OS and interface comes down to personal taste, the combination of HTC and Android lends plenty of potential and customization.  This alone makes the phone a real joy to use even after owning it for a few months.  Combine this with several available applications between HTC and the Android Market, and there's plenty to keep owners busy.Most of the expected features from phone-to-phone are available on the Evo 3D, including Sprint's standard 3G network, 4G LTE, Wi-fi, GPS and the like.  The 3G network has been fairly reliable, though there's a good chance users will have to turn it off and on to establish an internet connection.  Here in Orlando and Oviedo, Florida, 4G signals have been pretty solid, albeit at the expense of even more battery life.  Wi-fi is hit or miss, generally requiring a few minutes to find a connection.  Once established, however, the internet speeds are pleasantly brisk.  As for GPS (used with the included Maps application), it holds up pretty well and, if driving, should be able to pick up on your general area quite quickly.Probably the phone's most touted and interesting feature, however, is the inclusion of 3D photo/video capturing and playback.  Because this inclusion is accomplished without the use of glasses, it'll generally take a few seconds to get the phone at the right angle to see certain photos.  There might even be points where viewers might not be able to see the 3D at all due to the limited viewing angle (this applies to the included 3D photos as well).  But when the 3D is successfully seen, the results can be impressive.  The real potential comes from being able to capture photos and videos that you want, as opposed to what studios provide.  For that, it's a nice inclusion and, though probably not the next big step in technological innovation, is still a nice aspect that has potential for development in the future.The included camera(s) offer(s) solid pictures with plenty of color, focus and detail, provided you have sufficient lighting.  Even with flash on, dimly lit areas won't come out so well, especially at a distance.  Since the 3D photos utilize two camera lenses instead of one, there's more detail to find in the background and foreground than if originally taken in 2D (which only uses the top camera).  Because of this, converting a 3D picture to 2D can actually yield better quality (which you can do on the phone itself).  Audio playback for recorded videos is also surprisingly good; with the sound from a recorded concert coming out better than what certain digital cameras offer.Yet this brings us to one of the phone's few setbacks.  While it can record audio well in videos, the Evo 3D has a lackluster speaker, to say the least.  Some audio files do play louder than others, but even at maximum volume, at least 80% of the audio will be hard to hear in a faintly noisy bedroom.  And even with a headset plugged in, the phone's maximum volume isn't terribly impressive.  Fortunately, when listening to music with a headset or speaker plugged in, the phone gives you a selection of preset equalizer settings that make a very noticeable difference.With all the power inside the Evo 3D, its slim design and nice audio/video touches, it's bound to create quite a bit of strain on battery life.  Sadly, the phone and its included lithium ion battery don't last very long on a single charge.  Most frequent users will be lucky to last a whole day with a full charge, even with a non-live a background, low screen brightness and only the 3G mobile network active.Another issue encountered with the phone is the slow reboot time after shutting it down or restarting.  This tends to happen most with the latter, and there have been a number of points where the phone wouldn't start back up after hitting "Restart," until/unless the power button was held for a few seconds.  Thankfully, there shouldn't be many points where owners will have to resort to shut downs or restarts, so it's not necessarily a deal-breaker.Like other phones, the Evo 3D has been overshadowed by other devices, even with a solid incorporation of 3D technology.  While it's true that the phone doesn't revolutionize and could hardly be called innovative, there's still plenty to find and enjoy with it.  Given the relatively cheap price (depending on where you purchase it), this is one phone that makes for a viable option.  It might not match the latest releases, but given how fast new phones are released and how well the Evo 3D performs overall, this is far from a detrimental factor.

Great phone, design and caracteristic, it is very fast and great touchscreen resolution. Only one thing, theoretically it works with GSM but, a bougth one last black friday and it is not, some of them are only CDMA phone, so I can not use in my country. So check first what type of conection need because the description doesn't have.

I bought this phone about a week after it released in June.  I can still hear the words of the salesperson in my head when asked if one should be worried about any major bugs with a brand new release:  "Well yes it's new, but HTC has been making the EVO for years now, so you have nothing to worry about."  HAH!We're two months in, and I'm on my second physical device after the camera software stopped working 7 days post-purchase.  It would be my third device, but for the fact that the HTC software didn't go sideways until about a week after the 30 day return period.Per Sprint, there is a "Known Issue" with the HTC software / operating system on the Evo 3D, which will cause the phone to completely freeze and start "power-cycling" (restart itself, freeze again immediately, and repeat indefinitely).At this point, and until HTC releases the software fix, the only way to get the phone back up and running is a complete factory reset, which I've had to do roughly every 2 weeks.The 3d camera is certainly a nice-to-have, but given the choice to do it all over I might look elsewhere, or wait until this has been completely addressed.

I purchased two HTC Evo 4g 3D phones in November 2011. One was for me and the other was my husband.Oh sure, out of the box these phones were gorgeous. Seemed very sturdy, big pretty screen, beautiful graphics, etc. etc. But all of this has been a horrible, horrible trap to the truth about these phones. It makes me extremely nervous to ever get another HTC phone ever again, of any make or model.First off, these phones overheat. This is a known issue. If you talk for more than 5 minutes, play a game for 5 minutes, or anything that takes about 5 minutes, it will start to get a bit hot.Another odd issue, one of the phones would constantly reboot itself randomly for no reason. It would do this 3-4 times a day, every day. This began around May of 2012. It would even do it when you were in the middle of a phone call. This phone was the first one to become useless.Around August 2012, my phone started to have digitizer issues. I use my phone a lot as I'm out of the house a lot. Also, I do the majority of the phone calls at my house. My husband isn't a big talker when it comes to the phone. So my phone was used more in the beginning. The digitizer problems escalated rather quickly, and within 3-4 weeks my phone became unusable without a great deal of frustration. The bottom third of the phone, where the unlock ring is, is where it's worst. Unlokcing the phone became a nightmare. Sometimes it would take over an hour to get it unlocked. Dialing numbers became impossible. The phone would type and text by itself. The screen would freeze up, sometimes for hours a time. Restarting, taking out the battery, all of this didn't help. Then, in an unfortunate acciden at the end of the November 2012, I dropped the phone so that it hit the edge of a chair on the screen, and the screen cracked. So, now I had broken digitizers and a cracked screen. So, my husband traded phones with me since I needed a phone more and we didn't have the money for a replacement.So, I've been using my husband's phone since December 2012 and now it's April 2013. So 3.5 months. Now, the digitizers in this phone have stopped working the same as the first. It's in that beginning stages, where it's random. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. But it's escalating quickly, just like before. The screen is starting to freeze up, texting by itself, doesn't respond to touch, can't unlock it. Again, it's the bottom third of the screen where it's worst, the part where you unlock the phone. So, my guess is that using this phone regularly is what breaks it.The other problem with this particular phone, vs. the one I was using before, is that the phone speaker doesn't work. You can't hear anyone speaking unless you push the "speaker" button. I didn't have to do that with the first phone. It worked normally. This has always been an issue with this phone, right out of the box, but my husband didn't mind as he didn't need to talk much. He's more of a texter.Now for the "durability" of the case. The first phone I used was fine. This second one is not. The whole outside of the case is coming unglued. Around the camera and the outer molding is just falling off. I'm not rough with the phone. It mostly sits on my desk. But carrying it in my pocket or purse seems to cause it to fall apart. But, I'm not rough but a couple of times I dropped it the screen seems very strong. Unless you drop it onto the corner of a chair.Whatever you do, do NOT get this phone. As I said, having this experience with two phones now has made me very wary of HTC in general as I wonder if all of them have these digitizer problems.

I will just say the HTC EVO 4G was the best phone I ever had (I had a lot of smartphones). The EVO 3D is a set above the EVO 3D with a higher resolution screen (The EVO 4G resolution was nice but the EVO 3D display is like going from a TV that has a 480P display to one that has Full 1080P everything is clearer).The phone is fast it usually boots up in a couple of seconds. It has a MHL port (Mobile High Definition Link) which allows you to connect a MHL cable to a TV with a MHL port to get: 1080P video, 7.1 surround sound,use your TV remote to control your EVO 3D, mirror the phone's image (show Everything that is on the EVO 3D on the TV) and it charges the phone all with one MHL cable.Since there aren't any current TVs with MHL ports you have to get a MHL adapter to connect to your EVO 3D (this adapter has a HDMI output at the end and a charging port so you can charge your phone while it displays on you HDTV. I got a MHL adapter for my EVO 3D, it displays Everything that is on your phone to the HDTV (Games, apps, Netflix, YouTube, the internet, picture and movies). The only thing I can't do with the MHL adapter that you can do with MHL cable and a TV that has a MHL port built in, is control my EVO 3D with my TV remote.  MHL Adapter Link: [...]And for those that say the speaker/ringer is too low "There's an App for That" (sorry had to do it. Lol).The "Volume+" app it has an equalizer for the speaker, Headphone and bluetooth headset. It has a main volume of 10 and sub volume level of +8 (this is +8 times higher than the EVO 3D's highest volume). I can hear my Green Hornet, Youtube and Netflix movies with ease. It is actually louder than my EVO 4G was. The Volume+ App is in Android Market for $1.49 well worth it.Oh and the low speaker sound on the EVO 3D is not the phone it is one of the many bugs of the Gingerbread 2.3 update.Look at this Review:HTC EVO got screwed up by gingerbread update and this app saved the day ...by Daniel- June 14, 2011"HTC EVO got screwed up by gingerbread update and this app saved the day it allowed me to fix the lack of volume and alter my audio sound"[...]

My wife and I both got these phones when we switched to Sprint. We previously had Iphones on the ATT network. I have never had a phone with such poor support. Both of these phones now have the same hardware issue. This issue can also be found by searching google or youtube, so it is obviously fairly common. It also seems that HTC has had this issue with other EVO models.The issue is that the touch screen stops responding properly. At first this can be fixed by removing the battery and putting it back in. The real issue is that as time goes on the problem gets worse. Eventually part or all of the touchscreen stops working entirely.The first major issue is that they make you pay for shipping to send the phone in. This wouldn't have been so bad but HTC basically told me not to send the phone back until the problem occurs constantly. They stated they if they power the phone on and it has no issues apperant that they will charge me diagnostics plus return shipping and there is no appeal process.My phone has finally reached the point where the upper part of the touch screen won't recognize input, but my wife's phone will sometimes only work for an hour but sometimes will works for as long as a day.Considering at the time we got these they were the top of the line phone that was offered on Sprint I feel we have been treated very poorly by both Sprint and HTC. I have left my frustrations with Sprint out of this review and targeted the hardware, but I will say that I am very sorry to have left ATT. It was more expensive but it was faster, more reliable and they provided a far better customer experience.As a contrast, I had an issue with my iphone. Apple payed for overnight shipping from me to them, diagnosed the issue the next day and overnighted it back. This was all at no cost to me. HTC makes you pay for shipping to them. States that the repair will take 10 to 12 buisness days and will only pay return shipping if the can replicate the error otherwise you pay return shipping plus diagnostic costs.Here is an example off of youtube [...]

Return Nexus S phone with weak signal problem, and exchanged for evo 3D.Good:1) very strong WIFI signal compare to nexus S, nexus S has one bar, this one has 4 bar.2) a little improve of 3G and voice signal over nexus. 1 bar improve.3) integrate all contact from different source, match function, nexus don't have4) 3D camera is great, but you need to look at right angle and distance, and your eye should try to focus behind the screen to get best result.5) Mp3 playblack quality is super. muchbetter than nexus s6) much faster of course for dual corebad:1) battery is an issue, seem improving after first 3 day use2) system crashed 2 times, have to take out battery to reboot3) reboot takes2-3 minutes, not like other people say 20second4) no rooting availabel now, cannot use hotshpot for free like nexus.5) FM radio quality is poor, not useful and have to plug a wired heaphone, not working with bluetooth headphone.

I liked the idea of 3D so upgraded from the original evo....their are some pretty thorough reviews so far so I will spare all that detail and just say I have had some minor issues that I have had to get used to changing on but overall am quite happy with the new phone and its performance.

Update:  1/14/12 - After a few months of use, I stand by my review.  The 3D feature was indeed a novelty, as none of my friends had the same feature, so I could't share any of my 3D pictures.  The stereoscopic camera went mostly unused and just added bulk and weight.  When the original Evo came out, it was arguably the best phone on any US carrier for a long time, considering how fast tech moves, while the 3D quickly became old news.  The Epic 4G Touch is far and away superior (lighter, thinner, more vivid screen, better notification bar, more open to root), despite the Galaxy S2 technically coming out months before in Europe.  HTC is falling behind by trying to implement gimmicks that aren't more than a passing curiosity.Original review:When the Evo 4G came out, it was a beast like nothing before it.  Even a year later, it's keeping up nicely, as one of the few Android phones with Netflix streaming and a fresh Gingerbread update.HTC's follow-up to the blockbuster Evo 4G is to give us a feature that nobody was asking for:  a 3D capable display with stereoscopic cameras.  The 3D effect is pretty cool.  You do have some blur until the camera adjusts.  While it's something you've probably never seen, short of the Nintendo 3DS, it just not something most people will find all that impressive.  At no point have I thought wow, I'm really glad my phone can do this.  You do have the option to turn it off and take regular pictures.  The 3D has dual LED flash, just like the first Evo and the standard pictures come out sharp.PerformanceThe dual core processor is fast and you will notice it from the first boot-up.  Subsequent boot-ups take about 12 seconds to get to the home screen.  Even when downloading my 30-40 apps from Market, you are just clicking away all those options without the intermittent lag.  You have 1.15GB of internal memory for apps, so you won't have to worry about running out of space like the first Evo.  HTC is still only throwing in an 8GB micro SD, but it's class 4 speed this time.  16GB cards are cheap, so that's a worthwhile upgrade for those that want to put a lot of media on their phone.DisplayThe Evo 3D has improved resolution over the original with the qHD display.  It can now show off millions of colors, instead of only thousands.  A parallax screen is required for the 3D, which reduces the viewing angles and takes a little pop out of the colors.  All in all, it is better than the slightly washed out colors of the original Evo, but I still prefer Samsung's year old Super AMOLED display, even at the lower resolution.Sense 3.0There's a lot of improvements to love here.  The carousel effect when flicking screens is cool, but just some eye candy I won't personally use other than to show off.  You still have 7 home screens, without an option to reduce that number.  The notification bar has a quick settings tab that let's you toggle all your data widgets, a feature that is overdue.  The lock screen has the ability to go to custom apps, and to display weather or other items that you can personalize.  You will notice other little things like the segmented app drawer pages.BatteryThe battery life has been holding up very well so far, about on par with the original Evo.  On most days of moderate use (lots of texting, a couple calls, 15 minutes of web, 30 minutes of music), I end up with about 40% at the end of the days, (about 14 hours).  I'm always on Wi-Fi, if it's available, which is a big key to good battery life on any smartphone.  I work from home and the one day I was on Wi-Fi all day, only 15% of battery was used by the end of the day.  So all in all, it's not a concern.  If you use GPS and bluetooth often, you'll want to have a car charger, same as any smartphone.Call qualityCall quality has been excellent, just as the original.  As always, reception depends on your area.  I get 4 bars throughout the greater Los Angeles area and couldn't be happier with Sprint's service.  The other person comes through clear and I haven't had a dropped call on my end in years, other than obvious spots, such as parking garages.Other considerationsThe 3D is slightly slimmer on the sides (now matted), than the original and feels great in the hand.  I love the giant camera button.  The power button takes a very light press, something you have to get used to, but will appreciate once you do.  The camera is not flush with the rest of the back, which can be annoying, just like the first Evo, if you didn't use a case.ConclusionThe Evo 3D is Sprint's king of the hill, for the time being, and will give you the best user experience.  If you are getting a new phone on Sprint, this is the clear choice, but is it worth it if you have an Evo 4G, or an Epic 4G?  If you are getting the upgrade price, go for it, then sell the old one.  You will appreciate how fast this phone is the more you use it.  As for the 3D option, I don't think many will have much use for it, other than a novelty.  My personal feeling is that most would prefer a thinner and lighter phone, such as Samsung's Galaxy S II, when it arrives.

the early reviews of this phone were very mixed. camera, battery, 3d performance and build quality ratings were mixed while processor performance was praised and call quality was universally rated from average to poor. i will say, the battery life isn't great and the signal strength shown is below average (although in 5 days i have not had a dropped call), the phone otherwise is a total blast. great build quality, blazing fast and sense 3 is amazing. call quality is as good or better then any phone i have ever used. at this moment in time this is the best phone available on this network. potential customers should have no fears. prepare to be amazed.

i've had this phone for a few days now and i have to say that I love it. I had the OG Evo and it was an awesome phone, but this phone has by far exceeded my expectations. the camera takes great pics (even though its an MP downgrade...8mp-5mp), the 3D (even though i'm not a fan of 3D) is a cool and different feature, the phone is super fast and the call quality is crisp, loud, and clear. my old evo's call quality wasn't the best and my only complaint on my OG evo was that the phone calls were too low for me. this phone doesn't have this problem.  the calls are nice and clear. i love it. the battery is actually way better than the original evo. before i could only get maybe 8 hours or less and that was without me using it...my battery life was horrible on the OG evo. and with this phone the Evo 3D, as i type this my phone has been on for over 23 hours and i'm finally at 9% battery life. i put my battery through everything: calls, texts, 4G, wifi, surfed the internet, bluetooth...and its now that i have to charge my battery. i love this phone. if you are thinking about getting it do it, you won't regret it!!

Pros:*qHD Display (Resolution: 960x540) - Easily one of my favorite improvements. The original Evo 4G, like most smartphones, has a 800x480 resolution which is good, but on a 4"+ screen, the extra pixels are noticeable by making text and images clearer/smoother and making web browsing more usable.*Dual core 1.2Ghz snapdragon - Although dual core is the new standard for smartphones, many people say it's useless because apps aren't optimized for it. However, I disagree because 1.) I immediately noticed that the Evo 3D was more snappy and responsive than my Evo 4G and more similar to the quickness found on iPhones (I had even replaced Sense with stock Android on the Evo 4G to make it as fast as possible, but the 3D was still more responsive), 2.) dual core *should* lead to slightly better battery life, and I'll take some improvement over no improvement, and 3.) apps will definitely be optimized to take advantage of dual core in the future, so it's nice to know my phone will be future-proof. Also, you will definitely notice improved gaming performance if coming from the Evo 4G.*HTC hardware quality - I believe HTC has some of the best designed phones, and the Evo 3D is no exception. Although I admire the thinness of Samsung devices, they always feel cheap and too light in the hand. HTC devices could be a bit thinner, but I like the heft they have too them and my friends with Samsung Galaxy S's agree.*Battery life - Based on the reviews I read prior to purchasing, I expected the 3D to be equal to the 4G in battery life. However, I have noticed much better battery life on my 3D. It could easily last 24hrs on low-average use (1-2 hours of gaming, some phone calls, web browsing) and over 8 hours on moderate use (2-3 hours of gaming, some phone calls, web browsing). Personally, 8-10 hours is all I need as I tend charge my phone every night because I prefer to have at least 40% battery at all times. The improved battery life is likely from a slightly bigger battery and the dual core processor.*Camera (2D) - The dedicated camera button is a HUGE plus for stability, especially when you'd rather use the higher quality rear camera for self portraits. As for quality, I haven't noticed a huge improvement from the Evo 4G in stills, but the video quality is better with less stuttering and much quicker lighting transition when moving the view from a shady scene to a sunny scene.*Sense 3.0 - The newest version of sense is quicker, looks nice, and has a phone tracking utility at HTCsense.com*4G - 4G is definitely a plus if it's available in your area, but if it's not, I wouldn't consider it a con when reviewing the phone. It's especially useful for tethering.Cons*Camera (2D) - Compared to Evo 4G, the quality is about the same, although the Evo 3D has slightly clearer/detailed pictures. However, when compared to other manufacturers (specifically Samsung's Galaxy SII (1080p) and Apple's iPhone 4 (720p)), both of the Evos are subpar. Both are capable of 720p video, which is plenty in my opinion, but the actual camera sensors aren't as good which is why the contrast and detail in pictures and video is noticeably worse than on the SGII and IP4. The cameras are still great, especially considering they're smartphone cameras, but HTC could've had a phone with basically zero faults if they didn't cheap out on the camera.*Width - Although it's not too thick, 8-10mm thickness would've been better than 12.1mm.3D Features*I wasn't sure whether to categorize the 3D features as a pro or con because it just depends on the person. I've heard people say they love it while others never use it. Personally, I don't care for the 3D features and don't use the 3D camera much, but I'm all for having the option of using it. Plus, I must admit that the 3D effect in games is actually enjoyable (particularly Spiderman and Asphalt 6). The only negative is that I would've much rather had an excellent quality 2D camera than a good quality 2D/3D camera.Overall, I love this phone. It's easily the best phone on Sprint at the moment, and I would choose it over ANY Android phone on ANY carrier except for maybe the Galaxy SII, but that's not in the U.S yet so it's not an option.

Thats right, as of right now, this is the best phone on the market. I will spare you the long drawn out dribble, so here are a few points to consider. You are probably tossing between this or iphone 4.- 3D is just awesome. Taking pics and video is great. The gaming and movie experience is 2nd to none (for phones).- I dont believe iphone gives insurance now, this phone does.- Does EVERYTHING!!!! 4g, wifi, hotspot, wireless modem, bluetooth, gps etc... too numerous to mention.- iphone is good, but you are not getting the value-per-feature, EVO 4g 3D ....gives much more for the price.iphone 4 lacks most of the features found on the EVO3D4G, iphone may come out with another phone, but nobody knows when. If they do, what features will ot have?? If your looking for a phone now...EVO3D4G is the way to go.I've had this phone for a few weeks and love it. I still use iphone for app. development, but the EVO is the main tool in my belt.In the end, its just a smart-phone, and they all do BASICALLY the same thing, but some are sexier than others. Right now...EVO3D4G is where its at.

I thought I loved my ipod, but this phone is way better.  I love everything it does & it's easy to use.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!!!

The signal on the phone constantly drops from 1 bar to nothing. Due to this problem a message saying "Data roaming rates apply" keeps being displayed. I'm located in the middle of Phoenix AZ, not a problem of location. (My past Sprint phone had full signal) My text messages all keep coming in with a date stamp of tomorrow, and when I was on the phone with a person and some one else called, the phone kicked the original person I was on the line with and put through the person that was being sent to voice mail.I do not recommend this phone at this time, perhaps when they have all of the kinks worked out of it, but my experience has been ruined (I have been waiting for a month for this phone to be released)I cannot even call sprint customer support to inquire about possible fixes, the phone cannot keep signal long enough for the call to go through, and often is unable to make the call at all.(The 3D display was very exciting and worked spot on, however when taking my own 3D images the pictures came out blurry and double imaged, not 3D)Due to popular demand...UPDATE:09/03/2011I dealt with the phones flaws for almost the entire 30 days that sprint allows. On the 25th day the phone completely died out. The phone stopped connecting to the 3G network entirely at which point I took the phone to a sprint store for repairs and they were unable to fix it because it couldn't connect to any network (updating PRL and all those wouldn't work)They erased the phone completely and re-installed the phone OS and told me to take the phone home, and if the problems persisted to return and they would fix/replace accordingly. I did so, and still had the same issues. Upon returning to the sprint store they ran tests and confirmed that the phone itself was defective and gave me a new one.When I got home with the new one, the same problems occurred.And yes, PRL and all of the updates I did consistently, (I had the sprint instinct and was taught to do those updates once every week to which I do to every phone I've had since)I left sprint, went to AT&T; and got the iPhone.iPhone is thousands of times better than any phone I've ever had. Absolutely no problems and the phone works.You don't have to disable bluetooth/satellite/wifi the phone keeps them on with no batter drainage issues.Get the iPhone. You will not be disappointed

I had old evo and phone was great but battery life was only about 4hr, this new evo 3d i have had for one week it's faster and battery last whole day. love the evo 3dHTC EVO 3D 4G Android Phone (Sprint)

I would suggest turning off the 4G to save power. THe battery life is less than 24 hours. The phone itself is great with lots of functions and great look. But it bothers me way to much on battery life and recharging time as well. I measured it. Disconnected from Charging at 8 am and by 2 pm phone was dead with 5 phone calls and about 1.5 hours on web. Took 4G off and change refresh emails from 5 min to 30 min and got pass 9pm before it went dead, with same amount of use.

I upgraded from my Treo of 5 years. I picked this phone because it was the top of the line Android and it has more features than any other Android and the iphone doesn't even compare. 7 months later and it is still the top phone. The media needs something new to talk about but this is still the best smart phone on the market. HTC Sense is way better than other Android makers OS too.

This phone has many excellent traits that help to push it ahead of many others in its class.  The screen is quite responsive and feels nice, in my opinion, and the phone, with its dual-core processor, is quite snappy.  The internet (quality) is good, and I find that Dolphin HD browser works the best on it.  The camera is a wonder in itself: I usually don't care about the phone camera, but the 3D in this phone is amazing.  If you can get a perfect shot, it truly will make objects pop out at you.  The 2D is also quite nice, though, and a 5mp camera seems fine to me.  The phone actually seems pretty sturdy to me: it's light, which is good, so when I put on a plastic, durable case it isn't too heavy.  Swype works well on this phone and I am not missing my previous physical keyboard.Problems:A few days ago the camera was being weird and had many green vertical lines all over it.  I removed the battery and the problem was fixed, however.When I first got the phone, the battery life was dreadful, but it has since gotten better, surprisingly being at half battery when I go to sleep after a day of surfing, texting, and listening to music while also watching a youtube video or two.Not many other flaws.

This phone is just awesome.  Sense 3.0 is phenomenal.  3D is fun, but just a small part of what makes this phone special.  It's super fast and will get the android 4.0 ice cream sandwich update.  HTC knows how to make a top of the line handset.
