
It wouldn't let me do half a star . That phone advertised as new was used .Once i registered it the screen stopped working . Never again. Sorry  Plus it was not update able .Strike 3

The connection between the charger and the phone is bad. It gets on and off rapidly like 5 times a second. It just makes clicking noise and does not charge the phone. I immediately reported the problem, but I never heard from the vendor. I have to lean the phone on the wall or push the connector in for charging. It got worse, and now phone is completely dead. The phone is fine. The vendor and the charger are not!

Was more than I expected for a used phone. Would go this wrought again if in need of a cheap phone.

It was in good condition like the details said only thing that the details said it came with a car charger plus a wall charger and it only came with a wall charger.

Phone works great, fold out keyboard. Need data plan, but can opt for the cheapest, which is $1.99 per kb. Inexpensive phone that has everything.

I have bought 3 or 4 of these phones. The charging port seems to wallow out and not work after just a short period of time. Other than that I really like the phone. The layout of the keypad functions well. I use the lock for the external touchscreen so I don't accidentally call someone when it's in my pocket. Overall I like it, but I've had to send it back 2 or 3 times to get a good one.

I got this phone as a spare for my husband and it worked, wasn't in the best shape and then the screen stopped working so we had to get him a new phone it was used so I knew what to expect.

Most of the reviews here are about this phone.  While I am happy with the phone, I wanted to mention the seller.  I have dealt with them on several occasions, and I cannot speak highly enough about them.  They respond immediately to every e-mail I have sent, and have been willing to make good on every product.  They have accepted returns, when necessary, provided replacements, and replied to questions.  If this seller has a product you want, I highly recommend you order it from them.  I've gotten to the point where I check their store first, before searching the entire Amazon site.  Way to go for "good old fashioned customer service!"

The phone i received was amazing. It was over 4 years old and in almost perfect condition and works great! and also it got to my house in just 3 days after purchase! thank you so much will recommend you to everyone :)

I can't hear it when it rings. I bought one for my kid. I made the mistake of ordering one for me and one for my simulatedex-wife at the same time. It is hard to scroll down because it wants to stop and display what your finger touches. Not a good choice in phones. Time to sell it. Iv'e tried many ring tones and Evan with it pegged to full loudness, it's to low.

I really like this phone.  The only problem I've had is that the touch screen doesn't always respond, but the overall quality of the phone is great.  I really appreciate the loudness of the ringtone.  I use to miss alot of calls becuase my phone would be in my purse and I never heard it; not the case with this one.

I was looking for a reliable phone that did not require a data plan...but this phone was a little too out dated for me. The texting is annoying because you can not view the entire conversation. The phone is heavy and also does not have back up assistant, so importing my old contacts was not possible. The seller has been great. She gave me no hassle about returning my product and has another phone on the way form me.

Purchased this phone only to call verizon and be told this is NOT A PREPAID PHONE! CAN ONLY USE WITH A CONTRACT!!!!!

These days it is surprisingly hard to find a PHONE.  My husband did not want a &#34;smart&#34; phone (nor the associated data package charges!) but did want to be able to text without pushing a key three times to get the desired letter.  This phone fit the bill perfectly. The full keyboard has his daughter amazed that her dad has joined the technological age and is texting her.  This phone has a substantial, sturdy feel to it and appears to be well made. He has had the phone for about a year now and is really enjoying it.

The phone was defective to the point it drained a fully charged battery within 30 minutes of Non-use.  I have an identical phone that works with the exception of the touch screen.  However, the battery work well when placed in my old phone.  Also, the phone did not allow for loading applications, namely BackUp assistant.I returned the phone for a full refund. However, the question lingers, what kind of quality assurance does the seller have in place?  Apparently, none!

I purchased this phone because it is an upgrade from the lg nv2 which was a previous phone i owned. It too was a great phone. The touch screen works great. Its easy to use and it doesn't require a data plan. The full keyboard is also a great feature. I really like this phone and glad that I purchased it.

My kids always remark on how big this phone is but its pocket sized and fits well in my purse and is easy to find. Its 4.5 inches long.  I like the touch screen in the front which locks either manually or automatically after a few seconds of non-use. The keyboard is what sold me on buying it in the first place. Its QUERTY, back lit and a joy to use. Texting is very easy. The 2.5 x 3.5 screen is large enough to actually see. The only thing I don't like about it is that there is no place to attach a lanyard or strap to. I was used to leaving the strap outside my purse and pulling on it to answer on my old phone. But it receives well, is easy to hear and keeps a charge. I don't really use it for anything other than talking, keeping and taking pictures for my contact list so I don't usually have to recharge for two days at a time.

This phone isn't the worst, I didn't hate it.  It had major problems though and I had to send it back.  First of all it is very difficult to scroll through the contact list because the touchscreen part does not work too well.  I could hardly hear when I plugged in the headset.  No applications could be downloaded because the phone is too old so DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT APPLICATIONS.  No games, ringtones, navigator, etc.  After about two weeks of use,  I couldn't hear the phone calls and they couldn't hear me.

Expected a little more for the price. I've owened this phone for about 8 months now and can only describe it as adequate. It is good for texting, but even has some short-comings in that area.

the phone was good took about a week for it to except calls but has nothing to do with the phone it is verizon wireless we went through this before with them, it excpeted text messages.phone was in good condition, everything works.

Phone works great.  No complaints from my 15 year old.  Because Verizon only sells crappy basic phones now, I have resorted to purchasing from Amazon.  This has actually saved me money as I no longer purchase the insurance for my kids phones.  It is only a little more than the deductible, plus I save monthly!  A win, win for me (6 people on my plan).The phone takes the abuse of a teenagers texting habits, doesn't keep shutting down like the hotshot phone, and the camera works well.  No lost calls and texts arrive quickly.

This phone  didn't last for  more than 3  months.  It  just stopped charging. Do  not purchase a  refurbished  phone. I  guess I got my $40  worth

Unboxed the phone happily.  swapped from my old to the new one.  got it all set up, sent and received a couple regular txt msgs.  but then sent a request out for ringtones... cant receive attachments, pics, ringtones, anything digital.  took it up to the store, they did all kinds of tests, resets and everything they could think of, NO JOY!  I'm sending it back, ASAP!

I ordered the LG Voyager VX10000 Phone, Titanium (Verizon Wireless) from Beast Deals.  I received the phone promptly and I was happy that the phone looked in great condition.  I did not have a problem activating it on my Verizon account.  I was really happy with this phone for about a  week and a half until the inside screen stopped working.  I contacted the company and I promptly received a reply.  I paid to send the phone back and in about a week I received a replacement phone. I was happy because the phone looked like it was in great condition.  Unfortunately I was not able to activate it on my Verizon account because the phone was already activated by another Verizon customer.  Verizon could not do anything to help me.  When I contacted the company they instructed me to try to activate the phone again.  I did so and I still could not activate it on my Verizon account. I contacted the company again and I asked them to pay for the return shipping this time which they did.  After that, the representative that responded to me was not too keen on sending me another replacement phone and paying for the return shipment if I had to send the phone back a third time.  After asking twice about a replacement phone for the replacement phone they told me that they were out of stock but if by chance they had one when they received the phone I was returning they would send one. I finally asked for a refund and got it.  After more than a month from the time that I initially ordered the phone, I ended up with no phone and I had to pay for shipping and insurance for the phone I sent back. I ended up loosing money.  You would think that  this company would improve its quality control on the refurbished phones and check to make sure that the phones they do send out are not already activated by another Verizon customer. Bottom line?  It was a total waste of my time and money to order from this company.

i tried to charge the phone and the charger port was broke. It would not charge this phone sucks, i will get stick to getting all of my products at stores.

I received this phone pretty quickly but within two weeks the screen went, (screen blacks out, hard to see) I tried to work with the seller to get another phone but they advised me that my 7 day window ended and I could not receive a different phone or a refund. Do not purchase from this sell!

this phone brings back memory's im really glad i was able to find it on here and am able to use so far it is a good phone.

This one works and is cost effective.  Used as a phone and for texting, no data.  This was for my son, it held up well and we made it to the end of our contract!  Now on t-mobile pay as I go, using a 40 dollar off the rack phone from walmart.  No more contracts!!!

This is a great phone so far. Love the qwerty board which makes texting easy and fast. The only thing I don't like is the touch screen does not keep it's calibration. You have to re-calibrate pretty often to keep an accurate touch. Other than that I love it!

This is my perfect phone. I was so glad that this was available, and in the right color. Definitely recommend products from this seller in the future.

No data plan needed from Verizon, looks so cool, and sync's with sync my ride for Ford. I charged the phone then took it to Verizon store they activated and moved my contacts for free! I am so excited. Replacing my Cosmos Touch. When my first Cosmos touch screen stopped working it was 8 months old, still under manufactures warranty. Then 8 months later here we go again, but they had replaced it with a refurbished one so no replacing again. My plan isn't up til July so I would have to pay full price for another phone. I am bummed I can't get my texts and photos from my cosmos, but decided the photos weren't worth the $20 Verizon charges. And my friends understood why I couldn't get or send texts for a while. It came nicely in the box, no paper work, But just go on line and get the PDF! My info told me the phone would not come with paperwork and to go online. You can even save or print the PDF. Oh and my car does not read my txt, but does all the phone book and calling. My hubby's Ford Truck reads his Razor Phone but it's so fast - hard to understand text. So I just txt when I am stopped or if I have a passenger they read or txt for me. Love, Love My phone!

ok my old phone was a lg dare still got just dnt use it like that anymore but i was looking for a touch screen phone with a qwerty keypad and i was thinking lg env or lg voyager but my sister has that phone and she's been having some issues with it so i pick voyager and the only issue i have wit the voyager is the keypad light it always blinking and it makes some little crazy sound but other than that i likecons:camra &lt;-------

When my boyfriend went to Verizon to get it activated it was not able to make calls. When making calls it would restart the phone.

I purchased this phone last year and after owning it for a month some of the keys started to not work properly. After 2 months the charger port on the phone(where the cord conects) started to have problems and didn't want to make a connection with the charger. After another week the port completly stopped connecting. I had a friend who had the same phone and let me take hers because she had gotten a new one because the hinge on hers broke and the battery was crap. So i switched the battry to my old phone into hers and that is how i use it. I would not suggest this phone.

This phone came in like new condition with the exception of a very few minor scratches on it. But they are barely noticeable. Very good quality phone for a decent price

tough to operate, doesn't hold charge no " button. to many steps to answer a call, very clumpsy and not happy

This is a very good phone. It came in great condition and works great. I took it to the Verizon store to activate it for free. Good product!

This is my second voyager and I chose it over a smart phone. This is a great phone and I had great customer service. I would always recommend this phone.

I ordered this phone and heard great things about it, but about a month after I got it, it started to act up. It shut off by itself. It would store texts and I would miss phone calls. BONUS when I emailed the company I got it from, Beast Deals, they said they could not take it back because it was over a month that I'd had it. Well sometimes a phone doesn't always act up the second day you have it. It was a great phone, till it wasn't. My advice, read the reviews and then read how long the company covers the return. Good luck.

Lasted me a very long time! Of course it's an older phone but honestly it worked very well and I loved it

I got this phone because I thought I could use it as a replacement for my mp3 player and a phone at the same time. But it requires headphones with a smaller than normal jack (2.5mm I believe). It won't let me use my own music as a ringtone or alarm, either, something my LG cosmos had no problem with. playing music on it will wear the battery down very quickly, and using the internet even more. It's just a phone, and there are less expensive options if that's all you need.

When I first purchased this phone (or dare I say, bear-wrangler) I was surprised by its seemingly rigid design and ability to stay intact after numerous drops from heights above 300ft. You see I live in Montana where rock climbing is basically a religion. Anyhow, I am getting off topic. This phone is sturdy, yes, but also innovative - the efficient touch screen at the front of the phone enables me to not only scroll through pictures, but write text messages as well! Great for rock climbing!I bought this phone when it first came out in 1947, and am still finding uses for this phone to this day. Take yesterday for instance when I was rock climbing and a pack of savage black bears began repelling down the mountainside like a scene out of Twilight - I merely took out my LG Voyager VX10000 w/ full QWERTY keyboard phone and used the front touchscreen to initiate a high-powered laser beam to instantly annihilate the threatening bears, while doing that, the inside screen of my LG Voyager VX10000 w/ full QWERTY keyboard phone began to brew me a fresh caramel latte! Delicious!Wether you want coffee or the satisfaction of laser-ing bears, this phone is perfect!It is also Organic & Kosher!

The battery life is way below expectations. Once any action is performed, one bar is lost; whether it be a text message or a short phone call.  I have to keep the phone continuously plugged in to make sure incoming and outgoing messages/calls are received/sent.

I received the phone in about 3-4 days after purchase which was fantastic since my previous phone had been munched on my new yellow lab puppy and wasn't working very well.  When I received the refurbished phone it was shiny, new, and appeared to work wonderfully! When I opened the phone to send my 1st text I noticed a loud mosquito like buzzing coming from the phones interior screen.  It only buzzes when the interior light is on and is very annoying but none the less better than not having a phone at all.  I then tried to purchase a ringtone from Verizon and was told my phone was defective and unable to connect to the internet which also disables the picture messaging feature as well and any other occasional web browsing.  I decided to keep the phone because I didn't really have the time to send it back and go through the return process.  My advice is don't wait until your puppy chews up your current phone and try to have a spare one on hand!

sent this one back quickly so hard to find a good used none smart phone. Keep trying you will get one eventually

Was in great shape but the keys sometimes get messed up and type a letter like 4 times in a row. other than that it has been good so far.

I bought the LG Voyager VX 10000 Titanium from GMDWireless.The phone arrived promptly and so far seems to work fine. I took the phone to verizon and they transfered over my contacts. So far I'm happy with the phone, it doesn't have any scratches and the touch screen works fine. Previously ordered a phone from another seller and the touch screen didn't work. So far so good. I would recommend buying from GMDWireless.

I must admit I thought this phone would we outdated and would not work; however I was wrong. The provider delivered as promise and the phone has worked like a charm. The only issue I have is the phont size for viewing and texting is small and cannot be enlarged much; nevertheless, I am happy with it and I am not paying a $30 additional data fee!

I had this phone before and loved it, but it conked out and I could no longer get an unused one through Verizon.  I bought it through Amazon (Just Cellular), but then found out when I went to Verizon to have it activated that the phone (a) was not new as stated on the website and (b) could no longer be upgraded or "flashed" in order to get mobile e-mail.  I no longer get e-mail alerts, which is quite important to me, I can only check e-mail by signing in and this takes quite a while.  If anyone has any info on how this situation can be remedied, I'd really appreciate it!

Love this phone. It is my 2nd one. I had the first one over four years, some minor things going wrong, and I dont want internet on my phone so I bought another Voyager. No complaints with the seller, couldnt have been easier. Thanks

I did send it to my son in law since I got an iPhone recently, but he is really enjoying it and I did too.

Phone does exactly what it said it would.Phone was actually in better shape than the description.Will definitely go to this vendor in the future.

First "like new" phone had problems with charger connector and was unable to charge after a week (no biggie, occasionally you get a "bad apple"), they did not have another "like new" one, so I had to pay for an upgrade to a "Brand New" model. This phone had old software in it that was unable to be upgraded over the airwaves, or in a store, or even by LG themselves.  This old software made the phone unable to send/receive pictures messages, or download vital tools like backup assistant.  After two weeks of shipping phones back and forth, all items were finally returned to seller for refund.

Bought this phone for my teenage son.  It was compatible with Verizon and does not need a data plan.  Phone works good but charger was cheap.  I had to buy another one.

This is a good " transition " phone to go from a basic flipto a Smartphone when it is time. It is easy to use once youfigure out all the bells and whistles. The only thing is thatit is about a 4yr old phone and isn't capable of downloadingcertain software such as back up assistant for contacts.I Like it !!!

Looks like a smartphone without all the hassle of a data package. My daughter wanted a touch screen so this was perfect for her. You do have to call verizon and ask them to remove the 10.00 package if you activate it yourself.

Have to admit I'm still old school when it comes to cell phones.  Loved this phone because it still has the &#34;touch&#34; screen on front but full keyboard inside for those who don't like the touch screen for texting.  Plus, it's a great phone for those who can't afford all the extra &#34;data&#34; packages.

My daughter has broken so many phones. She has a harder time even damaging this phone. It certainly isn't a smart phone, but it is a great basic phone. She can drop it a lot (though I did get a cover for it) and loves the touch screen on the front. It has some missing conveniences but it is a sturdy phone. She is a teenager that is not following the trend of smart phones as she has a life and doesn't want the distraction of a smart phone. So, going back to this phone has her liking the basic phone just fine!! Good service and got here on time from this distributor.

The phone was damaged...meaning scrapped up.  It looked as if food or some sort of object is stuck in the screen.  Some of the buttons requires you to push very hard and mutiple times, the car charger does not hold on the phone. I was going to return it but i had to pay for the retrun so i decided to purchase a brand new phone.  I left a neg review and the seller told me if i removed it, they would credit me 20.00, send out a replacement phone and send me return paid packing...which of ... nothing happened. I would rather buy new, this was a waist of my money

This phone is clearly used/refurbished. Physical condition quickly went downhill and I take very good care of my phones. But hey, it works and that is all I really need.

I just received this phone and it was suppose to be a New phone, but there were no instructions in the box.  When I took the phone to verizon to have it activated and my phone numbers switched over, the girl that helped me and my husband tried to call the phone, it would ring once and then drop the call and then the phone would turn off.  This is being sent back tomorrow.  A piece of junk.

Its a nice phone to b a basic phone...I prefer the EVtouch but this is a good replacement...it got some cute functions

Like most of you looking for this type of phone, I suspect you've been pushed by Verizon to upgrade to their expensive share plans. You're better off buying a texting phone and for heavens sake, don't buy the phones they cell in their stores. They are cheap and you'll get a better deal here on Amazon. I bought this phone for my mother who only texts, takes pictures, and calls her sisters. Mama doesn't facebook nor need Internet to access on the phone. Buy this if this is the thing you're looking for.

I purchased this as a new cell.  it is definitely not a new cell as promised.  It doesn't take a charge and the keyborad letters keep getting stuck.  I trusted Amazon because of my previous purchases.  Paid over 76.00 plus shipping and I have been scammed.

Purchased this phone as a replacement phone for my wife.  This phone works for us because it doesn't require data with verizon. It has an extra large keyboard inside and a touch screen outside.  This phone stores alot of pictures and takes decent video for storage on a micro sd.  The battery life is excellent and replacements are available pretty cheap online. This phone isn't supported anymore by Verizon, but address books can be retrieved from storage from Verizon with backup assistant which is a free download. This is not a smart phone and it does not have GPS capability, but works if you text alot which we do.  One of these days us older folk will join the 4G generation...but not just yet:)

Having lots of dropped calls, missed calls.  Phone doesn't work properly.  Cannot send or receive photos. I'm disappointed sure wish I had my old phone back.  It was the same as this one but worked 100% better.

My son had an LG Voyager over 3 years, it is a tough phone!  I love the keyboard.  The keys are a little larger than other phones and there is space between keys - it is so easy to use for texting.  The touch screen is fantastic too!  You won't find a better phone with these features!  Love Amazon.com!!

I just live this phone. I'm sad I list mine and even more sad I had to return this one because I was not home to accept it as my house was being tented got termites. I had to settle for another phone.

I got this phone back a Christmas time for a present, within 3-4 months the phone stopped working.  We took it to a Verizon dealer, they said the flip aspect of the phone shorted out the circuit to the speaker, now no longer can receive or talk on the phone like a phone is supposed to work.  Now the phone can only be used for texting, great emergency device, NOT!Contacted seller, they only fix the problem if it happens in first 30 days, WHAT A RIP OFF!  Will never buy from again!

The phone does hold charge, and when u take it off it says charged then Nexted thing u know its dead! Worst thing I've ever bought from amazon

Although it does have good features, it also has some good annoyances. Battery life a little on the weak side. Also, it unexpectedly turns off on occasion. I would consider other phones before selecting this one.

I THOUGHT THIS WAS AN EXCELLENT PHONE TO LEARN ABOUT USING SMART PHONES ON. IT'S EASY TO USE. I LIKE IT'S SIZE.

Went through a couple of these phones. The touch screen technology back in the day was just not good at all. Don't get an old phone with a touch screen. Waste of time and money.

I love this phone. Didn't have any problem with it. I would recommend this to everybody that I know. Thanks.

AWESOME PHONE!!! This is a back-up phone for one just like it I already have in service. LOVE the touch feature and the large QWERTY keyboard... makes it easy to text with! I would recommend this phone for anyone that isn't all about the &#34;bells and whistles&#34; of the newer droid phones! As long as I can make calls and text... I'm good. THANKS!

This phone looks great and has great features, but one big con outweighs all the pros.  It randomly shuts down, even in the middle of writing a text message.  Warranty did not cover, even though we had it only for 5 months.  I read other reviews saying the same thing.  Don't buy this phone.

I have hade this phone for about a month. It is just the kind of phone I wanted.It's not a smart phone because I didn't want to pay for data plans. One of the complaints I read about in some reviews was that the phone shut off by itself. Guess what, mine shut off by itself a few times. Not good, I thought I made a bad choice. But, I found that you have to be careful when you install the battery. It can look like it is in proper but not be locked all the way in. Now I make sure it is fully locked in. It has not shut off by it self since. I would like the battery life to be longer. I guess I am just used to my last phone (convoy). But when you have larger screens, its more power. One thing I did not like is the web site I bought the phone from showed it with a manual and a car charger. I did not get either. So I ordered one (very cheep)and the manual can be downloaded. Delivery time was super fast. All in all, I like the phone. I highly recommend it.

When I called to activate the phone is just kept shutting off during the test call after it said that the activation was successful. I was so disappointed with the product that I didn't even bother with trying to go through the return process. I figured a company with a product that terrible probably wasn't even worth reasoning with. Lesson learned.

This is a phone that I brought to replace my broken ohone. When i got it the thing started having problems like crazy. I just broke I replaced it asap.

This phone is a great choice for the people who don't want to go to a smart phone,It has a front touch screen and a great keyboard for texting and you don't need tohave a data plan.

I bought this phone back in 2008.. yeah yeah..I know, almost 5 years for the same cell but I will keep my phone till it dies. This phone is great for texting, talking with no dropped calls,  being dropped often.. best one was 30 ft from the house roof... and not cracking/scratching, long battery life, slim size for the pocket, and have found no issues with it. I don't need to email,search the web,play Facebook games,or follow the tweet nonsense so that's why I am keeping her till shes dies and then I will upgrade to the Samsung Galaxy SII or SIII depending on how cost in a few years and step into the modern times.

I've had this phone for quite a while, and have not had any real problems with it.  The only issue I have had is that it randomly shuts off at times. For about a month this happened about every day, but have not had this issue in the past few months.  Now as for the performance, it works...but not great.  The touch screen is very finicky and I try not to use it.  It also is very slow scrolling through your contacts and ringtones, especially when there is a picture attached to a contact.  It pauses for a second.  Those are all the complains I have.  It works great as a phone, and the keyboard is top notch.  Just don't expect anything more.

Bought this phone because my sister has it and loves it. But I think mine is refurbished, the touch screen doesn't always work, I constantly have to do the calibration. But the features that do work are great.

I ordered this phone to replace my LG Titanium VX10000 which I had for 3 years. The phone was exactly what I ordered, but the battery was not a certified LG battery, outside/back did not match the phone and the fit was extremely tight. The wall charger had the same problem. Fortunately, I had a  fairly new battery I ordered thru Verizon for my old phone and my old wall charger was still worked great. Other than that very happy with the phone.

I bought this for my son and it has turned out to be the best phone he has ever had! We have found it hard to get a decent phone with a slide out keyboard AND without a data plan. This phone is exactly what we needed.

This voyager is my third one, and each one lasted over three years. The keypad is the largest and best in the biz still today! Wish they still made it!

when i got this phone, it looked new all packaged up and stuff. but a day or two later i found out it had many problems, first i found out that the backlight for the buttons flicker on and off and the phone does an annouying ringing noise when its flipped open. and now, i cant even talk on the phone because people who i am trying to conversate with me on the phone cant hear me through this sucky phone.

The camera on this phone is only 2 mega pixel, which my lg env had 3.  I believe the 11000 model does have 3 mega pixels and had I known that I probably ordered the 11000 model..  Other than that, I do love my new phone.  I had several questions in regards to my purchase and all were addressed to my satisfaction.  It's nice not to have the $30.00 a month data charge on my Verizon bill.  So for me.....it's all good!

I had a successful purchase with this seller. I had an inquiry and he responded in a timely manner. The order was received when due as well.

I really like my phone. It works well. It's a great basic phone to use when you don't want to pay extra for a smart phone.

i love this phone, its a no data phone, i only use the internet at home and unless i really need it outside im good, im 19 by the way, wow. the screen sensitivity is pretty good, waaayyyy better than the LG DARE that phone sucks, the keys are spaced far out enough for easy texting, and i like the titanium color too, its almost as big as a smartphone, better than a smartphone, just what i need for texting and calling but with a more modern look. if u want a more basic phone, i highly recommend the LG VX8350, i loved that phone. anyways, get this phone i love it and will keep it for a while. i bought it used though, so got it at cheap price

First off, in case you are wondering, this phone does NOT require a data plan.I bought this phone as a replacement for my Kin which broke (I know, who has a Kin, right?). For the price I paid I thought this was worth it. You are getting a phone which won't have any special features to brag about, but it's solid. I like the vibrations when using the touchscreen and the keyboard is nice. The phone feels tough like it won't break too easily. Camera is nothing special. For a phone that came out 5 or 6 years ago it is still just as good as any other feature phone out there.

I have had this phone for a few days and so far I really like it. It isn't a smart phone, but I wanted a touch screen phone and did not want to add $30 a month to my phone bill for a data package to support a blackberry or smart phone. This phone is a little larger, and I like that. I don't use it for email or Facebook, and I only go online ocasionally, the gps is handy, so if you aren't in the market for a smart phone, but want a bit of an upgrade, and can't find what you want at Verizon for a lot more money, I recommend this phone. I'm over 50 and technologically backward, and I was able to figure out how to use this one quite easily. The screen is large, outside and inside, and the keyboard is realy nice. I just wish I had thought to shop for a phone outside the verizon wireless website before I went ahead and ordered from their limited selection and settled for one I knew I didn't want just because it was free. Next time you are ready for an upgrade, look around on Amazon.com and try out something that they dont offer anymore!! I'm glad I made this purchase. So far, so good.
