
first of all this is my second phone by casio in the last 5yrs i will choose casio from now on, i love these rugged casio phones ,i have a hottub and lost my phone in it for 2days , found it , and still use it, the speaker for the ringer took a day to dry out, still worked just sounded muffled understandable after 2days underwater in chemical water , the only thing i can say is the port for the headphones is not standard size to listen to mp3 and the volume level for \headphones is not loud enough for me. i have had some problems here recently with it though have had it now for 1 year and the mic is a little off i think,i have to repeat myself sometimes, it does take sd cards which are nice , but i have had a hard time downloading music to it not sure why, all and all i will buy another one the phone lasts longer than any other phone ive had and will take abuse i am a railroader and ive dropped off train in rocks, stepped on it and dropped in snow , mudd puddles , kids dropped in toilet,fell out of locker more times than i can count no other phone can take that type of abuse, also they make great watches too! hope this review helps someone

I had a Casio &#34;Boulder&#34; for over seven years problem free and so far the &#34;Rock&#34; is showing the same fine qualities.

I have been using this phone for about 4 years.  The original battery still holds a charge for days and days.  Takes great pics, records stuff, has cool features like compass, pedometer, etc, I have used it in rain and snow with no problems. I don't know what all the whinning is about.  Great phone if you don't need internet and all that other crap.

Phone quit after only a few months. It just went completely dead. Work in a Tire shop and have to have a sturdy, tough phone, which this is.

This is a back-up to the one I already have for when it gives up. I don't like any of the new phones and this one is no longer carried by verizon. I am glad I was able to find this brand new replacement.

After recieving phone, I tried to activate, it would not, and sent it back for replacement, another phone came,I activated it and it shut down & would not start back up (these 2 phones were refurbished), I then sent back 2nd phone and traded up to a new phone for more money and now hoping this phone continuse to work, so the rating is for 1st 2 phones, The company JUST CELLUAR are good people to deal with, sorry about the low rating on the phones

This is the second verizon phone we have purchased that said &#34;no cotract required&#34; but Verizon would not activate without a contract..  Amazon needs to investigate before allowing anyone to advertise that caption.

I ordered this phone, it was in poor condition. It sounds terrible, something is wrong with the speaker. It also didn't come with a charger...which really sucked because they don't even sell them at Verizon or anywhere in town. Expensive used phone without all the parts and it doesn't work that well.

This phone from Just Celluar is no good. I bought two from this seller Just Celluar. The first phones display died on 2nd day I had it and the 2nd phones mic would not pickup my voice correctly. Do not buy this phone from Just Celluar they maybe selling knockoff phones.

basura quebrada no le compren a este comprador es un bueno para nada me dio el producto que brado no sirve

I purchased a Casio GzOne C731 rock. It was ship on time. everything work fine, much more than i expected for the  price. battery last 2 to 3 days with out charging. haven't drop it in water yet but it very temping.

awesome phone love the feature great for the person that is not able to handle a smartphone or a driod, more for the simple person or older generation.

Had over 200+ hours of call time on phone when I checked settings - but the phone looked new.  Amazon was very good with the return.  Sound was terrible.  The features of the phone are pretty nice though, I would re-order from a different vendor if I know if it is new.

I have not had any major problems out of this phone. I'm only giving it three stars because if you're like me, I can not stand a phone that lags when you operate it. Once i push one of the buttons it literally takes one second for the phone to respond. That just gets on my nerves, but overall the phone functions well.

Love it!!! THANKS SISSY, Brother says &#34;This one is just what I need.No need or time for any other fancy phone.&#34;

I really like this phone because it is small and tough, it has everything I need and more, and won't get busted up throughout my day. Good phone.

This is a great phone for someone that just wants a phone. This is my second one. Hate they quit making them.

This is a good phone for anyone wanting a standard rugged flip phone. Would purchase it again. Good service received.

sturdy phone and easy to use. recommend to anyone one who needs a tough phone for outdoors or tough job

This is obviously a Chinese knockoff from the original Casio GzOne phone.  The reception in my basement office & in the backyard is terrible - most folks that call me can't hear me when I engage a conversation.My original phone had none of these problems & our local cell tower is less than a 1/4 mile away.Buyer beware - I'm not a happy camper . . . don't buy this phone - it's junk !!!

this phone is perfect for my husband, he can text and call out, all he wants in a phone.  Very durable.  He has always been tough on phones but this one has worked well for him.

I wonder if the guy who lost his phone in Florida is lying. I took my phone (accidentally) into a lake with me. It seemed fine at first, the next morning I had black bars across the screen. By afternoon, the screen was done for. So the screen is done but, the rest of the phone works fine; that's the only reason I'm not giving it less stars, that and I really liked the phone up until then. I got a lot of compliments, some people even compared it to a morpher! That made my day.

This is the second One I have Purchased. The first one I bought, I love. The second one I had problems with low volume on the earpiece. On the highest setting I was struggleing to hear the other people.

Died quickly after purchasing. Purchased as new but have a hard time believing that is true as it did not last long at all.

This phone activated and then started to have problems the next day.  It would not aquire service while my old one did. This was the first and last time I will purchase thru Amazon.

the first one I got was not good, worked sometimes and then it didn't, second one was great, this phone is awesome, water proof and tough as nails, calls, texts and exactly what I want and 100 bucks!!!!!!!

Rugged easy to use phone, best phone ever!  Its what I wanted and can handle my abusive uses of the phone!  If your hard on your phones this is the phone to have, it can handle the abuses!  It was accidentally throw in a pool by a young child and the phone rang while in the pool!  Its a great phone!

had to replace already 10 days batterey and phone stop working replace battery still no phone wont do a thing

I lost this phone in the ocean in florida. Anyways these guys who found it seen who i called most and called them. I had already replaced it cuz it had been over 24 hours. well I got a call from the guys and they told me they found it. thought that thing was gone for sure. Befor this happened it had been ran over by my truck the front screen cracked but phone still worked. Ive droped it, kicked it, threw it, and froze it ya thats right just testing this thing out when while it was still covered. the mic didn't sound great after but still works my phone has been though hell and back and still lives.

Great phone for a carpenter! Would recommend it to anyone.  It's durable and just a great phone.It will out last most phones.

The phone was delivered on time. Works great. I am a big fan of rugged flip phones. Louder ringers and better viborater than my iPhone  thanks for a good deal.

I'm real pleased with this phone. I didn't have to sign a contract and I'm getting real good service with Verizon since one of their towers is nearby.

This has been the best phone I have purchased in years - very user friendly. It was shipped with n a day & I was using it by the next. Excellent experience with this purchase

I was very disappointed in the product (&#34;slight surface scratches&#34; does not mean 'nicks and dents' in my book), but the vender sent me a return label and processed my return promptly.

unlocked means any sim card will work,just wasted money on a verizon  phone,come on ,so angry,you have let people know what you r buying,its wronge

My husband is pleased with the phone. However, we have had it less than one week and the phone charger has already broken.

Just got it and i don't know if its the battery or the phone but it wont hold a charge or charge properly.  I've tried several chargers and it happens to all of them, it won't charge anymore past the battery % of when i plugged it in.  Very upset, and now i have to go through more trouble of trying to return and get a new one. Not ordering from this company again and wouldn't recommend them.

had this phone before this one don't seem right after 2 weeks the screen has built up moisture I get a lot of static when making a call I think it a knock off I don't expect this phone to last long

The phone work's just fine and  the vendor should have five stars also. Shipment was on time and the change over from my old phone to the new one was no problem. Just charge your phone first and then change over takes less then 30 sec.

I bought this product for my dad and he really likes this phone. it works great and would recommend this product.

Texting can be a pain sometimes. Also the battery does not last long enough. Other than that, I like the phone and it has some good apps/features.

I got this as a birthday gift for my husband and he loves it! He used to have a waterproof phone for AT&T; that he loved, but when he switched to Verizon he couldn't use it anymore. Now he has this one and he can take his phone in the bath tub again!Holds a great charge....super speedy shipping....clean esn!

I RECEIVED THE PHONE WHICH WAS A CASIO ROCK IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A NEW PHONE AND THAT IS WHAT I WAS CHARGED FOR, BUT IT APPEARS TO BE REBUILT, THE CHARGER IS NOT CORRECT FOR THE ROCK, AND THE CHARGE PORT IS NOT CORRECT FOR THE ROCK, IT APPEARS TO HAVE BEEN REPLACED BY A DIFFERENT KIND OF  USB PORT, THERE FOR I CANNOT GET A CAR CHARGER THAT WORKS WITH THIS PHONE

I had a slight issue with the phone about 2 weeks after I activated it.  I couldn't make or receive calls or texts.  This lasted for about 3 hours.  A week later, it went into a &#34;searching for signal mode&#34; and I had to switch back to my old phone.

This phone is a great idea, and I read about issues with the phone that all turned out to be true.  The mic doesn't work well, and the speaker mode becomes the only practical way to use it.  The bluetooth works well, but I have a good bluetooth headset.  The phone does have a good feel and easy to use buttons and menues.  I ordered from Just cellular.  They were very eager to help me. BUT, they had to replace the phone three times.  They say that the phone was inspected and that they often break in transit.  Hmmmm, I am not sure if that explains the wrong charger they sent with the first one.  Overall, I would say DON'T BUY this phone without a warrante.

Nothing but static in phone very disappointed with this phone the other stuff ive ordered is working fine just not the phone

We have purchased alot of things from Amazon and most generally everything has been good and no issuse.  This product has been a bad decision from the beginning.  The phone only worked for about a week, We took it to the store and they said the charger was not charging the phone, we bought another charger from Amazon still no good so we bought 2 batteries still from Amazon still no good. I don't know if anyone can help us or not. Please let me knowThanksAnn

This phone lives up to its name the rock. Very durable and water resistant. Battery life is pretty good as a charge will almost always last at least 24 hours. If you are considering this phone make sure to buy the cradle charger with it. The usb port on the phone tends to fail and makes it seem like the phone will not hold a charge. however with the cradle you do not run into this problem

I've had the older version of this phone i sold to go toward an iPhone and i found myself selling my iPhone5 for this phone! great phone does just what i need it to and its ruggedize design is great for when I'm outdoors i don't have to worry about a little rain while camping ruining it! also works great when answering in the shower and my kids can't destroy it!! favorite phone!

The cell phone worked at 1st but it stopped working b4 2 months was ever here....The cell phone doesn't work at all.

I have had two of these phones prior to ordering this one. Because I commercial fish sometimes the phone gets wet or dropped in the salt water when landing the boat, this phone has survived everything except water over thirty feet deep! I will continue to use these phones as long as they are available. I am thinking about ordering a couple of back up phones while they are still available. If you are tough on your phones this one will stand up to the job.

I bought this phone for my husband it was a used phone it worked great for the first 2 to 3 wks, but now it has alot of static and people have a hard understanding what he is saying.  So this used phone is exactly a used phone.  We have already swithched phones again.

The sound quantity is so much better than my old phone. I can actually hear the alarms. My old phone was the same model but it was refurbished by Asurion and it had problems from the time it was sent to me but the sound was not that bad when I got it so I did not send it back.It is as good as a new one.

What a piece of junk. I wanted to love this phone, but it just didn't work. It is indestructible like they say. You can put it in water and throw it on the ground and it will keep working like the day you bought it. The only problem is that it didn't work very well on the day you bought it. The sound quality is horrible. My customers complained constantly that they couldn't hear me. There is a lag in the time that it takes for functions to change after pressing buttons. Example: If you hit the contact button, there will be about 2 seconds when you are still looking at the main screen before the contacts come to the screen. This phone would be awesome if it wasn't such a piece of junk. I returned mine.

I am a large person and I have broken phone screens just by leaning against tables. The Casio Rock has withstood falling out of my pocket to the floor, leaning against tables and swimming in hot coffee. It has other features like a built in compass, thermometer and a lunar calender which are neat but not all that useful unless in the woods. This is my second Rock and the only reason I had to buy it was that the first one after three years the buttons started falling off.

Bought this phone for when we go out on the boat or when we go hiking. I may just leave it on my Verizon account permanently. I can get my email and facebook if i need it and I don't have to second guess taking it places. It's just all together a excellent phone. I can not give it enough praise.

This was a replacement for my original.  I had no problems with the original until I ran it over with my truck.

It arrive on time and connecting to service was a snap. Used it for 3 weeks now and have not had one problem yet

Good phone, works great. Was shipped quickly. I would buy this seller again. It was exactly what I expected. It was exactly as it was described in the ad.

At times, I do not get complaints from the other end of the line.  BUT often, the other person says that they cannot understand me.  Happening more and more often with the age of the phone.  THE ROCK, was not the right way to go.  I previously owned a GzOne Boulder and loved it, with no problems.  My other family members still have Boulders after years of use, still going strong with no complaints.

Don't know if people get paid for negative comments but it's perfect, I have set it to be constant 'on' I have gone 4 days with this feature, flashlight is good not super bright like todays phones, it's all you need, don't need the texting,call them up, don't need the web go drive there this weekend

Great phone at a great price! Totally satisfied! Fast shipping! Works great! My boyfriend loves the feel of the phone! :)

it was suppost to be a new one and the website stated that but came as a replacement cell . only problem is no one can hear me when i call out or receive a call im in a bussiness of my own and needed the service i thought i was getting ive had it at my verions store and they don not know what is causing this i will be sending this cell phone back to you .

it shorts out sometimes....  i think it is just the phone though.  I initially had a phone like this before for three years!  ...it did the same.  the shorting out is worth the battery life and I never ever roam.  my 2 year old chews all over it and i drop it constantly.  this is an awesome phone

I ordered 5 of these phones and a few of these were in bad shape. they looked like they had been beat up pretty bad. I would recommend spending the extra money to get new ones. We used these phones for two weeks and they are already dieing and need to be replaced.

Quit working already.  Didn't work right from the time we got it and just up and quit working after 3 weeks.

My second c731 great phone. I got four years out of the first one. Good phone for people that spend a lot of time outdoors.

This phone was bought to replace one that was broken.  My husband loves it!!  He does not like smart phones and enjoys the ruggedness that this phone provides.

I wasn't sure how it would work out, because it was listed on the Verizon site at &125. But I charged it up and programed it and have been happy with it since. reception is great and all the function work well, I have a place by the river and like to hike so the compass is good

Phone works great and pleased with it for simple phone service. I only use basic phone but pleased with it.

phone is all I expected it to be except the phone book memory! I had to delete several contacts to make room for the contacts I use more often. just activated it 2 or 3 days ago but battery seams to have good amount of talk time.  Is there a way to add more memory to this phone?

Poorest quality phone ever purchased. I purchased this phone for its &#34;ruggedness&#34; but it has not been rugged what so ever. I am so unhappy with its cheap quality. It has so much wear and tear, the screen does not work half the time and the phone was purchased in November 2012. I cannot wait to get a new phone to replace this terrible low-quality phone!!!

Excellent phone very rugged, dependable.  Others that rate this phone bad must have had poor/extremely bad experiences.  The speaker is definitely a bit on the poor side especially calling those with the &#34;smart phones&#34;  other wise I have no problem with the speaker calling normal phones (off speaker mode).  I highly recommend this phone over smart phones and bypassing the expensive monthly charge for the internet access. I also recommend getting a bit more disconnected before the service goes down and there's mass suicides

I purchased this phone for my husband who was needing to replace his other basic phones every six months. Three years and still going strong. The battery life is excellent, he owns his own business and is on it all the time. He charges it about every other day. He does not have dropped or missed calls. The clarity sometimes I found can be poor, but it could be in the way he is holding it while talking. This phone is indestructible! Well worth the money if you are looking for a basic phone. It does have a camera, but its not very good and I found you can not forward texts to your email account. This is a working mans phone.

This phone was bought to replace my ageing phone that was exactly the same and was a good phone.  I bought the new one and it lasted about a month and then just stopped working.  I took it to Verizon and they could not fix it so I returned it thankfully with no problems.

You could not ask for more.  The phone showed up with not only the AC charger, but also a car charger.  That was a awesome.  The phone showed up before the delivery date in original packing. Ordering does not get much better than that.

I like this Phone!Window display readable,unit works like it is supposed to.Service from Amazon/Celluar was quick and very Professional.Thank YouDan Moriarity

It is an excellent phone. Very durable. The only complaint I have about it is when you send/recieve multiple messages at the same time it will restart by itself, but other than that it is an amazing phone.

Arrived on time in an original box and appeared to be new. It is my first Casio and is working ok, though I miss my LG Chocolate 3 that started missing calls after four years of use.

had it turned on for 2 days. got wet. now it doesn't work.  it's supposed to be water tight and be able to handle a little water. piece of crap got a little wet and now it doesn't work.  i wish i saved the packing and receipts so i could send it back

Just cellular sold me a casio rock in October 2012 and a few weeks after the warranty expired the microphone went and they will not work with me on this issue. I will not buy any Product from Just Cellular and will encourage others not to buy from them either.

Good phone and tuff. I can beat this one just like the old one and it will not quit for 3 years.

it was just as it was advertised would not have gotten it anywhere else. It works very well. Moms happy

Bought for dad . Has loud sound, big buttons and simple to use . He loves it, very comfortable in a high tech world.

I would buy this product from the actual store instead of ordering it off of here. My boyfriend ordered this phone and it broke the first day because it fell off of his lap! I feel like this is a knock off of the real version and they are selling false ones.

My 14 yr son has the phone as the phone has been very durable so far. We have owned it for 1.5 months. If it is as rugged as it says it is we will be very satisfied.

The product was fine, the only problem is that there is no instruction booklet with the phone.  Where can a person get the instruction booklet?

Borrowed a phone like this from my son when my simple cell phone died. Loved it.Buying a Rock to replace my phone was a heartache. Bought four phones to get one that works. And it sucks power with all it's gadgets (I suppose) that I'm charging it almost every day. Wouldn't buy another.

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!This phone is not worth buying. Especially if you buy it from Just Cellular. I bought one and the charger plug in inside the phone broke just after 3 months. The company would only cover it after 2 months. Although they sent me the charger for the phone, which is why the piece broke. But according to the company it is my fault they sent me the wrong charger. It was a waste of money.

I bought this phone for my husband. This is his second casio phone and he says he will not ever buy another brand. It's a rugged phone and stands up to the wear and tear of his construction business.

!!!!THIS PHONE DOES NOT USE THE NEW STANDARD USB TYPE CHARGERS!!!!!  and I can't buy one at the verizon store, radio shack, Rite aide... also it does not have the backup assistant plus....  about the phone if you still want it....  I had this phone from the store when it first came out, as almost all casio gzone phones. They are very durable phones, all casios are. When I buy brand new ones I throw them thirty plus feet in the air  and let them bounce really hard on the ground and then dip them in a bucket or sink of water. They stand up to it, I've done it at the bar and had somebody call it and you can watch it ring in the glass. very durable but doing this enough almost anything will break which is why I had to buy new ones, but I always buy a casio gzone because once you don't have to be nice to a phone like you're carrying a raw egg you can't get wet you realize how nice it is. I had the casio commando, there smart phone, and it's just as durable also but touch screen. even with a cracked screen it was still water proof and I could throw it on the ground very hard.

its a ok phone not what I thought it was but I was not because of how it was advertised it was shipped new in box as advertised very quick service  phone has a bad lag time and lags when texting
