
Beware.. if you want to transfer minutes from an old tracfone to a new one, tracfone does not transfer the promotional or double minutes you have. They will only transfer the number of minutes you actually paid for.  I had to call 3 times and argue with 3 different tracfone reps before i got all my minutes transfered.  The first 2 reps told me they transfered all the minutes but when my phone was finally activated i was missing over 1,500 minutes.This phone gets disconneced calls and bad reception , which surprised me because my old tracfone t301g samsung had great reception.

Ordered this phone and set it up to get out from under my SPRINT contract.  My SPRINT phone and coverage did not allow me make calls from my house unless I stepped outside to the most northeast corner of my home.Thought I would try a pre-paid system, if it didn't work I could dump it and not have to wait two years to do so.I did a bit of research and found Trac Fone to be very acceptable, but we'll see. Investigated this phone the "T404G".  Found it gave triple minutes and ordered it.  For $32.00, it was worth a try.Got it before expected delivery, (delivered in two days)  got the thing connected to Trac Fone and it works fine, right from my "Lazy Boy" chair.  Great phone, does all the things I need and service is wonderful.

It was great being able to pick this phone up for $38 out the door with shipping from Amazon. You can't beat a price like that. Others left reviews complaining about the browser button placement and wasting minutes from accidental pushing of that button, However, the phone has an autolock option that fixes that problem, so that is really not a factor at all. After one day with it I am really enjoying the QWERTY pad and the other functions of the phone.I was impressed with the audio quality from it. It's got a nice camera with video, MP3 player, SD card slot, tools etc... really hard to believe it's just a Tracfone... The only cons are that there is no 3.5mm jack for headphones to plug into, so if you plan on using the mp3 player function, you need to buy an adapter in order to do that, But they are cheap from Amazon ($3-$4). The other con is that the menu highlighter is always PINK, and there is apparently no way to change the color. I have tried some of the different menu options for color schemes etc.. but none offer the option of changing the menu highlighter color. It seems to be something that was overlooked by Samsung. Other than that I love the phone and it's a terrific buy for the price (If you don't mind the menu color being pink, and hopefully I'll figure out a way to change it). The pink menu is the only reason I give this a 4 and not a 5 because other than that I love it!

Well, this phone upgrade was messy on account of the fact I originally upgraded to the LG800 (touch screen, triple minutes) because it was the only triple-minutes phone Fred Meyer carried in store and I thought I could make it work. Interface was clunky and touch screen imprecise. Hated it... So, I decided to upgrade the upgrade to the Samsung T404G (which I would have bought in the first place had F.M. actually stocked it).Went to Tracfone's site, switched service to new phone. Didn't pay much attention to the minutes transfer or thought it meant something else. You see, I'd bought the LG800, put 1000 minutes on it (total cost ~$200; $40 [phone] + $160 [1000 minutes]) which tripled to 3000 minutes. Well, after the xfer, I only had 1100 minutes on my phone. Apparently the 2000 minutes are considered "bonus minutes" and don't transfer between phones. WTF?? Sent customer service an e-mail. They told me the 2000 minutes wouldn't trasfer from one phone to the next. I told them that was unacceptable, so they tried calling me (at my grandma's house?? apparently there was an old alternate number associated with the account). Finally I called their customer service on a landline (no sense wasting 30 airtime minutes just to get back my minutes that should never have been lost in the first place). About 20 minutes later, I had all my 3000 minutes back. Yay for that.So, the phone... I like this new phone. I liked my old Samsung T305G, so I was pretty sure I'd like this new phone as well. And I do. It functions pretty much the same as the old T305G. Except the 'back' button is sometimes co-opted for other functions, such as on the screen for entering phone number information or text messages. In those instances to back out of the screen you have to push Power/End rather than the usual 'back' button. But I can adapt. It's fine.Ohh, and for some reason the LG800 wouldn't access my voicemail either. That was weird. I'd hit the key for it and would just get a message "could not complete your call as dialed." So I had a voicemail on it for several days I couldn't access. The Samsung T404G connected immediately with no issues and I picked up my message straight out of the gate.Honestly, the keypad really is a nice feature. I like it, even though the phone feels a little bulkier than the old T305G. Definitely easier for me than the old way of texting with the numeric keypad. But occasionally for certain inputs it still seems a little clunky. Took me a while to figure out how to input symbols like the ampersand, parens, etc. But, overall, I definitely like it more than the LG800 and about on par with the T305G I'm not sure if the battery life is QUITE as good? But it certainly seems to keep a decent charge for several days turned on in the pocket. But when the battery gets low it seems pretty insistent on "battery low, please recharge." Don't know how much time was left before it would have shut off after receiving that message. It felt pretty urgent, but I didn't manage to completely drain it, so maybe there was more talk time left.All said, if you're looking for a triple minutes phone, I definitely recommend this one over theLG 800G. Though I have noticed the face is much more prone to picking up scratches and showing smudges/fingerprints than the old T305G. So, there's that. But overall, I still think this is the right phone for me for the moment. Minutes transfer issue aside. Once that was resolved, I've come to like this phone as the next iteration beyond the T305G. So, if you like your T305G and want to upgrade to triple minutes & a keypad, I think you'll like this one.

This phone I am sorry I ever bought. It is terrible!!  The menu screen does not work to show u the screen!! It is very awkward trying to text turning it sideways and retrieving your messages u have to turn it the other way. It is just a very disappointing phone I never will even use it. If I could return it I certainly would because to me it is worthless and had to end up buying another cell phone. The camera doesn't work either!!Michelle Monteau

The full key pad is great. I had to find out that some of the functions described in the handbook did not match the actual function. It took a little tinkering around but now I know. The sliding mechanics are a little loose for my taste. But everything else is working great.

Hello,This phone was a gift for a friend last year!  Upon seeing him a few weeks later, I discovered the phone was defective, and in my embarrassment threw it away.  I of course replaced it with a different phone.

I was expecting Samsung to deliver a dependable, easy-to-use phone. This isn't thecase. I can't call outside the U.S. with it and it locks all the time, though I changed thetime it should take before locking. The quality of the phone calls is also less thanideal.

I just purchased this phone and I saved almost $40.00 by ordering thru Amazon. Phone is easy to use.I am new to texing. Clear sound, holds a charge for a long time. I don't use the phone everyday. But for the price and triple minutes it is worth it.

I'm already a Tracfone subscriber and bought this phone for the triple minutes.  I'm very satisfied with it, great sound quality and reception.  No problems at all.  Thanks.

I had to send this phone back to Tracfone twice for the same issue. After 3 months of using the phone, it would restart itself when I would open my inbox for text messages. This happened with two different phones that they sent me. I am done.

I love this phone.  It is just what a person needs these days for good, inexpensive communication.  The works well, and so does the keypad.  It does have an internet browser feature, but I don't need it. Purchase the one-year card and it last longer for me.  The minutes roll over.

I have numerous Samsung products and have been very happy with them all.  When I lost my last Tracfone, I purchased the Samsung phone.  It seems to work well everywhere except inside my house, and there I have NO SIGNAL at all.  The battery life is awesome and in the standby mode the battery will last over a week.  My only complaint with this phone is attempting to customize certain features such as changing the ringtone.  It took 3 different people to experiment with the phone before finally being able to change the ringtone.  It does have a help guide built into the phone, but the instructions for that task were somewhat vague.  I do recommend the phone due to the Samsung quality, but wish the customization features were easier to use.

Getting triple minutes and a good phone for the price is wonderful.  It was a much better deal than I expected.

As i began to write this review, i remembered the rather grouchy critic; Anton Ego, from the pixar film "Ratatoulle". And a find myself looking at this phone and saying, "Is it really worth it?". This phone all though is a fairly good phone, is at the least, a hassle. When i recieved this phone i looked forward to getting this thing in action. For the first few weeks, it served me pretty well, until i attempted to add an 800 minutes card, with double minutes for life. After attempting multiple times to put it on my phone, via my phone, and my pc, i called customer service. WEll! with my triple minutes for life bonus, i should have recieved a grand total of 2400 minutes. However, i did NOT recieve 2400 minutes, but only 1200. Yes i got half of what was supposed to recieved. So with that said and done, it managed to disable itself, turn on and off, and even waste 200 minutes when a failed to hang up my phone before the person on the other phone did. beware of that; what happens is, if you don't press the end call button after finishing your call, it will keep deducting minutes, until you remove the battery and place it back in. And also, it some how managed to make it act as if a had no service. thats right! no calls no texts, recieving or sending. But wait there's more; all of the default ringtones stink, so if you try to get a downloaded one, it take a heck of a long time to get your computor to even talk to the phone. And, after a painstakingly long time you finally have your ringtone. Well guess what, this phone has got the cruddiest speakers ever! i tried getting a violin solo ringtone on my phone, and once i got it, the violin wasn't even recognizable. So, all in all, i'm pretty much not impressed with this phone. it is not recommended that you buy it.

I love my new phone. The full keyboard makes it much easiser to text.  The triple minutes is also a perfect match for me.

Great product.  My daughter is 13 and often away to a sporting event.  This phone triples minutes, so she can afford to pay her own way...Great phone, great for texting as well...

This is a well made phone that is hard to get used to.If you do not use the lower left key to lock the keypad you will be activating the phone at in-opportune times.When you expect to end a call, pushing the right soft keysends you to the Browser at a 30 second reduction.The full keypad is well laid out and easy to use. Thedownloadable manual is complete and easy to follow althoughit is 60 pages long.A good but not excellent phone that gives triple minutes.

We've had tracfones for a few years now and their price and customer service are much less offensive than the mainstream carriers we've had.  (We exhausted all of them on the ISP side, then cancelled their phone/TV services and defected to Tracfone abd TV antennas in response.  I'll buy a summer cottage when I retire with the money saved.)I have not used this phone yet, but trust the other reviews.  I will vouch for Tracfone service cost, and for Amazon undercutting Tracfones cellphone prices.  We have used 2 nokias, an LG flipphone, and a Samsung slider, and Samsung slider beat the tar out of LG for the same original price as the LG (LG flip disconnects alot, Samsung slider is a solid basic workhorse).  I settled on this phone after reading bad reviews about adjacent phones and seeing the tracfoen motorola actually get pulled between one day and the next.  Worst reviews I see here were bad reception which could be luck of the draw on geography, and bad customer service which could be luck of the draw on service rep (and irrelevant once you have the phone up and running).  I've seen Tracfone either slash prices, pull phones, or pile deals on phones when the bad reviews escalate- as opposed to arranging deletion of bad reviews- so kudos to them for their honesty.  (I've seen jcp and others delete negative reviews from week to week in the past.)Price: Tracfone site has this phone for 59.99 in my area, plus free shipping, plus a free accessory kit.  They're honest on reviews, but looks like they built 'free' stuff into the 59.99 there.Price: Amazon Shopcelldeals has this phone for 32.99 plus 4.95 1-3 day shipping plus no accessory kit.  So if you want and need an accessory kit and can't find one for less than 23 dollars (or even 13 dollars if you got the T404G for 49.99 deal), Tracfone is the way to go.  Otherwise, Amazon/Shopcelldeals is good to save you 20-some bucks you can spend on.. maybe airtime cards that get blown up with the triple minutes deal on this phone. :)  I hear Amazon beats Tracfone on price for airtime cards too, and overnights them to you for free.Amazon is great for us shoppers, but I understand why Target and other big box places got out of here if Amazon is undercutting retailers' own website prices. :)  (Amazon good for small fish who will never be found on google and such though.  Easier for small fish to get in here than to get onto a Walmart shelf too.)Glad Amazon and Google survived that .com bubble burst.I will say I look forward to a QWERTY keyboard.  The pushing buttons repeatedly is tiresome when trying to mapquest stuff or google search a thing on the old sliders.  I opted out of touch screen because people complained of poor calibration, tinyness of screen, glitches, and accidentally logging into the internet and burning minutes.  I have a 4 year old at home who can call me on the LG flipphone (we kept it, but he had to call back three times to finish asking his question today).  I'm content not to see what he does with touchscreen internet access. :)  I'm fine with him speed-dialing me at work, but fine with the subtle parental control of a qwerty keyboard for toddler-proof internet access.  I look forward to a 2MP camera and video recorder as well.  I forget whether this phone uses USB or SD cards, but fine either way so icing on the cake if they do.  I have a 300 dollar canon touch screen digital camera for real stuff like trips- this would be impromptu the kid did something cute pictures or videos, or someone hit our car (awesome for insurance claims), or police brutality incident or some other use like that. :)Go Tracfone for brand and check your zip code on their site to see which phones you can use in your zip code.  Go Amazon and shopcelldeals for minutes and phones you can use in your zip code. You might Google good promo codes for bonus minutes when activating airtime that make tracfone site worthwhile to buy airtime at.  Always get at least double or triple minute for life card/capability asap.  Use your work phone number to call tracfone and activate your new phone (or for any other customer service need- so you're not listening to elevator music and gnashing your teeth as minutes beep by while on hold on your tracfone- its only a nickel a minute or something, but terrible for morale listening to minutes beep away while on hold even if it is only a few and you have a few thousand to spare).

The phone works well and there weren't too many problems transferring phone # from my old tracfone (that is, beyond the usual tracfone technical difficulties for such transfers. You really need to have patience with Tracfone!). All the features work well and the sliding keyboard isn't too bad for smaller fingers, but I'm not sure how well they would work for those with larger digits... You can't beat this price, anywhere else online or off. Also, triple minutes are great!

I loved this phone. It pretty much always had service and takes the best pictures I have ever had a digital device take. In fact, even though I;ve upgraded to a touch phone now, I still grab this one if I need a good picture taken of something. The photos are very clear and have good contrast, even compared to my touch phone.Overall this is a great phone. The qwerty is awesome and there was never any problem sliding it out and back in. The menu is easy to navigate and screen size is good and big for a slider. It has a Mico SD slot behind the battery so you can expand the memory and also add MP3s to the phone to work with the MP3 player that it comes with. And the mobile web browser, while not the best, is easier to use than most prepaid phones... oh and this phone also uses java so you can download some pretty cool games and apps onto it if you want. I had the opera browser, a flash light app, Uno, and a cool bowling game on mine.

Qwerty keyboard is nice..makes texting and entering information much easier. Have owned for over a year now and no problems.

My son wanted this particular phone, and it was nowhere to be found on Tracfone's site (no matter what zip code I used).  I was leery of ordering, figuring there was a chance of having a problem during transfer/activation.  But I was able to get through Tracfone's maze of support once again (I seem to do this regularly), and with a new sim card supplied by Tracfone (still free) my son is up and running.

This phone is great, very easy to text, good camera and I like the fact that I can e-mail from it.I received it in just a few days from amazon with a great price.

My daughter loves this phone.  It was an upgrade from a Samsung slide TracFone with no keyboard.  Worth the money.  Item shipped really fast around the holidays.  Quite impressive.

Had this phone for a couple of weeks.  It's a great phone.  Battery lasts a long time.  The only things I don't like is there is no flash for the camera so you need plenty of light.  Also the speaker feature is not that great.  Can't hear the caller that well.

My Fiance' and I purchased 2 of these phones. The phone itself it good. BUT activating this phone is next to impossible, Net 10 customer service is a joke to the human race. Not one english speaking agent, and i did ask several times. I was told I could change my SIM card, DO NOT DO THIS!!!!! It ruined the entire phone. It will only say on the screen, SIM CARD REJECTED. Theres no one to help you unless you speak a foreign language. We did take the second phone to Radio Shack who set up the other one for us, thank goodness. The others going back ASAP. Be smart, dont buy!!!!!  KatiecatSamsung T401G Prepaid Phone (Net10)

I bought this phone for my mom so she could text easily. She's a bit of a technophobe, but she loves this phone and is getting a lot of use out of it.

This phone is tricky.  Be very carefull as to NOT hit the browser buttom and loose mins. when you did not want to browse in the first place.  The buttom is in a bad place on this phone, way to easy to hit it and not mean too.  I lost 41 mins. and have lost a few other mins. at different times buy just accidently hitting the buttom.

I have had this phone for several months and totally love it!!! I have been a Tracfone customer for over ten yrs.This is my 3rd Trafrone last one still works needs new battery so branched out to thehigh tech phone. I haven't found a thing to complain about. The seller was excellent, Tracfone service good nothing negative. I did have a few understanding the phone problems and lost minutes. I called Tracfone for help and was given replacement minutes for the lost and few extra.

I have Safelink service and I purchased this phone to replace my old one. It's a nice phone that seems durable and it looks like I can drop it many times and it won't break. The battery on this thing is very good and a single charge lasts me a little over a week (keep in my mind i don't use my phone much). The camera is decent at 2 megapixels and the video isn't that great but it's nice to have these on a cell phone. I had this weird problem where I would be texting someone or playing a game and the phone would reboot by itself but the issue only lasted about two months and now it works perfect.

PROS:* More key features to explore than time. Example: Does some scientific calculator functions like conversions, Trig,  has games etc* Difficult to use so probably can't drive and text. This is a good thing* Bluetooth works quite well so hands free calling in a car is really nice with a headset or car's call center* Phone is OK for texting and telephone use if one learns the keyboard functions/buttons and is careful when entering data not to hit wrong key* Like the programmable auto key lock feature to prevent pocket dialing* Battery life seems real good* Raised rating a bit because with experience and patience, using the phone customized for your menuchoices, is pretty good.CONS:* Over 100 page manual requires a geek to get thru. So many menus, so little time.* Duplicate, identical functions on various keys, easy to get on the internet by mistake.* Internet is sooooo slow, don't plan on using it. Probably the reason for triple minutes. Took about two minutes to get to Google.* Can't read the display of web pages, too small of a display. Zoom then needs key selector as a mouse, quite clumsy.* Extra buttons on slide out keyboard to learn. Hitting the wrong one either can delete text or put you on the internet.* No touch screen capability to ease use. Knew that going in.* Camera images seem about as good as old tv sets, not crisp images. Needs good lighting.* T400G came with ATT service. For my years of Tracfone use T-Mobile has been excellent so got new SIM card from Tracfone with T-Mobile network. Tracfone easy to work with.* Because I loaded a year card will use the time on this phone before considering discarding.* Within a day ordered an LG800 for the wife to get a simpler keyboard/touchscreen. Good choice for a simpler interface. Even so Internet of Tracfone is terribly slow.

THIS IS A VERY NICE PHONES BETTER THEN THE ONE I HAD BEFORE LOVE IT THANK`S GOD BLESS Y`ALL AMEN

It seems to be a good phone except, the ring tones should be louder, can hardly hear the phone ring when it is in my pocket. Also the buttons are constantly getting bumped, also they are to small. The volume only goes up to 7 and it should be louder.

I was so looking forward to getting this phone, but was then SO disappointed when I found that I could not see the qwerty keyboard unless in bright light.  The lettering is red on black with essentially no contrast.  It might be a good phone, but I am returning it since it is unusable for me.

Overall, the phone is decent; however, it is susceptible to pocket-dialing emergency services (even when locked).  Documentation on how to block this 'feature' appears to be non-existent.  Therefore, I do not recommend this phone.

I have only had the phone for a few days and it is the first phone that I have been able to access the Web.  I read many of the reviews before deciding to purchase this model.  I do NOT find it very user friendly. The majority of the issues I have with the phone are in regards to the online functionality.  I have wasted at least 20 minutes from pushing the back button, or the ok button once too many times  ( on and off line...and when I was trying to learn how to use the on-line features)  I would not recommend this phone if want to go online and do not have experience.  The book that comes with the phone does not give much information regarding the online function of the phone.  The website wasn't much help either... For example, I tried to get on Facebook.  It takes a long time to connect.  You need to press the OK button frequently to move from box to box..to sign in etc.  Finally was able to get on after it failed 2 or 3 times because it was taking too long(timed out) I logged in..tried to leave a comment and could find no way to get the comment to post.The first issue I encountered was the extremely small font size while online.  It took a while to figure out how to make it larger. I also wonder about the amounts that have been deducted for web access, texts etc.  I haven't had the phone very long...maybe 3/4 days.  I have only sent/received 10 or so texts and limited phone calls.  I have gone through 130 minutes which is A LOT for me.I do like the weight and feel of the phone. The contact list was easy to set up.  The full keyboard is a nice feature and it works more efficiently than the T505 model.Will write an update in a week or so...

I was excited to finally get a qwerty tracfone.....and boy am I bummed that it died within days of activating.  Maybe that's why they are selling these with triple minutes - they have issues with quality.  Not what I had in mind at all when I switched to a new tracfone.  I'm waiting to hear whether the seller will be refunding my money, it's one of the sellers that market their goods through Amazon.  Bummer, I hate wasting my time with poor products.I'd really give it zero stars, but one is my only choice.

Phone is junk - period.  As long as I am IN the city - I can get a signal.  When I leave the city - reception drops to practically nothing.  I can be in my car outside of town 100yds away from a cell tower out in the middle of a field and only get 1 bar!!!  If I drive to my kid's school about 15 miles away - no signal!!

You get what you pay for.  Voice is muffled and distorted on this phone.  I wouldn't recommend it as a result.  But it is cheap, and will do as an emergency or texting phone.  Tracfone is a real bargain for basic cell phone service.  These 3x airtime phones make cell phone costs within just about anyone's budget.  Too bad the phone choice is so poor.

I like the triple minutes and the slide out keyboard for sure.  I am having a little trouble with the back opening up and the battery falling out.  I am not sure if this is because I got a refurbished phone.

This was bought as a Tracfone because of the Triple Minutes for Life feature.  My wife is very happy with it.  Her old number was transferred to this one.  No problems.  We did it over the phone, not online.  I've heard there a lot of problems with Tracfone's online number transfer system.So far, there are no problems with the phone.

The best thing about the phone is tripling of any minute card you add to it. It has a great battery life. Takes decent pictures and the video is decent as well. The qwerty keyboard saves time when texting. The music player is ok, the only problem with that is that you have to stay on the music player app to continue playing your music. To personalize the phone or get on facebook, you have sacrifice a good amount of minutes depending on how long you stay on the browser or facebook app. The minute consumption is ruthless! You may accidently access the browser for a few seconds and quickly exit but the phone still deducts a minute so dont accidently leave the facebook app running and fall asleep because you'll wake up with barely enough minutes to have a phone coversation with or no minutes at all, so be careful.

We are very happy with the samsung T404G - my husband and I each bought one.  we upgraded from older tracfones.  We don't use our cells that much so the tracfone is cost effective.  The triple minute feature sold us on this phone, plus now we have QWERTY keyboards which makes it WAY easier to text.  I have received a picture message too with no problem.  No complaints, although I have hit the softkey on the right at least once which connects you to the web and charges you 0.5 minutes for your mistake.  So be careful with that.  I do wish they would let you see who a text is from before you open it too.. I've heard all tracfones are like that now, and our old ones did let you see it, so that's a bummer, but we live with it.  Overall very pleased.

I spent $80 on this phone, thinking it would be a good device. I was sadly mistaken. This phone isn't even worth $10. The interface is horrible and not user friendly. It takes a good 5 seconds to unlock the screen when it should be a one touch button. The keys don't even light up, which means if it's at all dark you can't even see what you're doing. Texting is awkward. If you try to add a contact to your list, it brings up so many annoying menus you have to go through just to add a name. The whole way this phone is set up is just annoying. You can't even add a banner on the homescreen. You can't do ANYTHING on this phone. Even if you're just one of those people who wants a phone for emergencies or just texting and calling, don't waste your money on this phone. It's absolutely horrible. Do yourself a favor and buy a $20 phone at walmart, it'll work better anyway.

The Samsung T404G is an upgrade from my Samsung "Slider." The slide out Qwerty keyboard is what sold me. Although the keys are small and I have large fingers, I have gotten real good at typing out a text with this phone. The phone itself has good bulk to it and is not flimsy. The texts are easy to read, and the best part is that this phone has triple minutes for life. You buy a 60 min. card, and 180 minutes are added to your phone, etc. I'm not into getting scores, weather, news, etc. on my phone, although this unit has web access, so this phone is perfect for me.

I was surprised and pleased by this item. It looks just like other modern sliders. It does not have the tracfone look. It is very sturdy.

I bought this for my grandson for his graduation. He likes it. It's easy to use. The size is good to slip into his pants pocket. And the keyboard is a great feature for texting. Triple minutes makes it well worth the price. It's not a smartphone, but for calls, texts and pictures, it works great.

granddaughter loved it

would have given it 5 stars but the volume is terrible. Very hard to hear callers.Bonus triple minutes is a plus.

I am very happy with this product.  It is very easy to use and has all the necessary things to make it a very handy product.  Had never had a Samsung cell phone before - so was wondering how I would like this one.  Am glad that I made this choice of cell phones.

I got this phone for my wife as an upgrade, and in terms of functionality, she was very pleased. After just over a week, however, the phone locked up in a loop when it tried to turn on, and could not get through the boot routine. I spent a miserable 2 1/2 hours on the phone with several different tech support people (very poorly trained, I must say) to finally hear the the news that the phone was defective (as if I hadn't already figured this out) and they'd send a new one. Problem solved, right? WRONG!!! The replacement lasted about 2 weeks and succumbed to the same problem. Currently procrastinating about venturing back into the desolate wasteland of Tracfone customer service :(

Just purchased this phone as a replacement for my old LG.  It arrived damaged out of the box so I contacted customer service.  My replacement phone arrived 14 days later (I was told it would take 3-5 days).  Tried to activate my replacement phone only to receive a "sim card rejected" error.  It's been 22 days and still haven't received my new SIM card.  I am now a FORMER tracfone client!

First I must compliment the triple minuets. I am a big tracfone fan and triple minuets for me is the way to go. I buy the 1500 minuet card from trafone at 200 dollars, which gives me 4500 minuets at 4.4 cents per minuet or 1.3 cents for a text.Most unlimited texting and calling plans float around 35 dollars a month which is 398 minuets of talking and 1346 texts, much more then I would use in a month. For me the triple minuets is a great deal.For the phone, it is not a good phone. For these reasons:1. The lock button is with with the star button. Which means that you must be in home page to lock the phone and it talks a couple second to hold it down.2. There are two soft key buttons and for the home page they are "Menu" and "Browser" this is unchangeable, which means that there is a high chance of butt activating the browser which uses minuets. Since I don't want to use the browser ever, I would like to deactivate it. If I do deactivate the browser I deactivate texting.3. The menu color is set and unchangeable. The only reason that this is a pain is because the set color is pink.4. The texting menu is a hassle to navigate, the texts are not grouped by respondents, you can not see who sent you a text before you open it, and selecting a text require you to press 4 buttons before you start writing the text.5. The phone will only hold around 250 texts6. The reception is not as good as my old tracfone.All in all I am unhappy with the phone, but if this one breaks, I will probably get it again for the triple minuets. Tracfone is great, this phone is not.

TracFone was recommended by WM clerk when I explained my position - loss of access to corporate emails on my Blackberry following retirement, dissatisfaction with poor quality of T-mobile service and of handheld, and concern at poor value for money on contract service. Dithered about touch screen LG phone, but was persuaded against it by some poor reviews and Target inability to stock promoted item. Bought two LG TracFones from WM (one for my wife, who uses hers very little), but returned mine when I saw Amazon triple minutes offer on T404G. Disappointed that, despite literature being unclear on this at best, TracFone does not offer direct international access, either for phone calls or texts. (I am texting very little so far, and of course emails are not available. I have been warned off using the internet browser feature by reviews.) Nonetheless, and despite occasional sound quality issues (funny noises and distortions during calls), my overall experience to date is fairly positive, both with TracFone and with the T404G. Access to TracFone help can be difficult, but they have always responded eventually. The triple minutes deal was the game changer for me. No difficulties with Amazon delivery, etc. either.

not programmed for our local area. therefore it is useless. I have another Tracfone that works great but this model won't work in western Montana.

Bought this for my grandson for Christmas. Arrived in just a few days. It has triple minutes. I paid for 60 minutes to start and 180 showed up.  My grandson has Aspergers Syndrome and I wasn't sure that he would even use it, but we pre-programmed family members into speed dial in case we would get sperated. Less anxiety for him and for us.  We have been able to set the timer to get him to finish activities within a time limit. He has actually become more social since receiving the phone and now seeks out other children to come play.  With the great price and buying minutes as he uses it, we are not paranoid that he might lose it. I am very pleased with the quality as it has been dropped several times and have had no issues. It works just as well as my husband's Verizon phone.

...that this phone sucks! First of all. Unless you have little baby girl fingers; you will hate the qwerty for texting. And will become best friends with the back arrow button.Second, the reception sucks. I believe it's at&t; or t-model(if that deal ever went down?), at&t; service sucks in my area(Rural coastal PNW). And at&t; around these parts is mostly supported by suckers buying iPhones, so they really don't care about installing cell sites to increase service...Third! This is a common Tracfone scam. They put the browser button between the "OK" button and the "end" button. I pressed it 4 times in the first 15 minutes of owning the phone (subtracts .5 to 1 minute in about 5 seconds before I realize I've activated the browser, gotta press the end key/ THEN OK! Derp). There is no system menu for turning if off. Unlike my broken LG Tracfone :(.Forth! You need little, itsy, bitsy, feminine, dainty, pansy-a$$ high school girl fingers to work this thing!Yeerp. So if you're part of the itty-bitty digit comity. Y'all love this crappy phone.

Bought this phone to give as a gift to my tween-age daughter who has had a Motorola flip phone with Tracfone service for the past 3 years.  Because she had 1000+ minutes left on that phone, I wanted to make sure that the minutes could transfer to a new phone - whatever Tracfone serviced phone I choose that was compatible with my area.  When I went to the Tracfone site and learned that I could port her old Tracfone number to a new phone AND transfer her minutes, I started shopping.When comparing the two TRIPLE minute phones: this one andLG 800G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)I liked the LG for the touchscreen and LG reliability (I have an LG Optimus V with Virgin Mobile no-contract service), but my daughter preferred having a keyboard.  The deciding factor for us was battery life.  The Samsung T404G has about 30% longer battery life than the LG 800G.Tracfone had the Samsung T404G Prepaid for fifty with a free accessory package, but they were unclear about what was in that free pack.  I came to Amazon to compare prices and found the same phone without the free accessories, plusRed Hard Case Cover for Samsung Gravity 2 T469 T404GandSamsung Data Cable, was less than fifty shipped, so I bought them.Activation of the phone meant calling Tracfone's 1800 number and waiting 15 minutes on hold after punching through two keypad menus.  You have to call on a line other than your old phone, as you'll have to do a bit of keypad work in the phone's settings to transfer your minutes and deactivate the SIM card on your old phone prior to activating your new phone.Once on with a Tracfone representative the process to port the old number to the new phone with the existing minutes and get the new phone activated took about 40 minutes - not including the time on hold with Tracfone. I made a test call from my home phone to the new phone and it went through as expected. My daughter began texting from her new Samsung T404G and immediately found the things she likes and dislikes about the phone.Likes:1. The look of it.2. The display is bright and when horizontally oriented, the screen is easily viewable for texting.3. The keyboard and the feel of the buttons.4. The size: bigger than her previous phone in thickness, length and width - comfortable.5. Slot for a microSD card up to 16GB - lots of music storage for MP3's6. Bluetooth hooked up to wireless stereo headset:LG Tone (HBS-700) Wireless Bluetooth Stereo Headset - Retail Packaging - Black/Orangeeasily and sounded good.7. Slide-out keyboard is easy to use with good directions in included booklet.8. Came charged with 20 minutes received after activation.9. Menus are easy to navigate10.The alarm clock and calendar are great!11.Minutes left on service are clearly displayed, with days left of service also displayed.12.(2) days after activation you can make international calls to over 100 countries for the same price per minute as local calls! (Directions in included Service Guide.)13.Texting is easy and Internet connections are swift to connect and work well.Dislikes:1. Camera is only 2MP and just 'fair' by comparison to most phones.  Actually better than the flip Motorola though!2. The characters (letters) on the top of the Qwerty keyboard are tough to get to and would be impossible for large fingers.  She uses her fingernails and has small hands.3. Until she got used to using the phone she inadvertently touched the 'browser' button - starting Internet service - several times; losing minutes in the process.4. Occasionally receiving wrong numbers and having to lose minutes if they leave a voicemail message.Overall, this is a very good phone.  Easy to use, good quality hardware, nice features and great Tracfone service (often being able to send and receive calls where other companies fail).  The real selling points for this Tracfone Samsung T404G phone though are TRIPLE minutes (each phone card face value is tripled) and international calls costing the same as local ones. If the camera was a 3MP and all the keyboard keys were easy to access - it would be 5 out of 5 stars.This phone is a real bargain in a very competitive mobile phone market!UPDATE: 11/19/13My daughter continues to use this phone and didn't want to trade up to a touch screen as she loves the keyboard for texting on this phone so much.  This phone will get service in areas that my Virgin Mobile iPhone will not, and with triple minutes - we are very happy!

This probably isn't a bad phone; however, the tracfone service is horrible and that's an understatement. This is my second phone with a sim card that doesn't register. I suppose if the next one actually works they can transfer my number and the remaining minutes from my other phone, which now doesn't work either.  I've also submitted support requests via email.  As a taste of what you can expect, check out the response times below.THIS IS AN AUTO-ACKNOWLEDGEMENT - PLEASE DO NOT RESPOND TO THIS EMAIL.Thank you for contacting our Customer Care Department. We appreciate theopportunity to assist you.Your email has been forwarded to our E-mail Response Team forresolution. We expect to resolve your inquiry within 48 hours, althoughresponse times may vary. Please do not reply to this message, as it hasbeen sent from an unmonitored system. This is an auto-responsegenerated by our system to let you know we have received your email.To ensure that you are able to receive email messages from our OnlineCustomer Service, please add the e-mail address "Custsrv@tracfone.com"to your address book.Thank you for your patience, while we respond to your inquiry.

I bought two of the T404G tracfones, one for my husband and one for my brother, they both really like these phones! This is the best deal I have found! Triple minutes that is way worth it! Both phones work great. The guys love the full keyboard and the camera has very good quality for a tracfone. So far so great!! If anything changes I will write a new review.;)

I bought this phone for my mom as a present, and she's had it about a month now.  She loves the qwerty keyboard, and so far has had no problems with it at all.  It was easy to set up, and we had no problem getting the triple minutes, her phone number and her old minutes transferred.

The phone itself is great. I bought this one to replace one like it that I had lost. When I received it after paying for one day shipping, I found out when I tried to activate it that my old phone was on ATT and the phone I received was T Mobile. I was told that Tracfone would have to send me a new sim card if I wanted to keep my old phone number. So I had to wait 3 days for the new sim card arrived. When I did it took about 10 minutes for them to transfer the number. There is nothing in the description that tells what network the sims card is for. I don't know if they just randomly send out whatever they have or if they are all T Mobile, but I would advise to try to contact the seller before you buy to make sure it is compatible with you old phone and number. Or to play it safe, order directly from tracfone and they should send the correct phone for your area.

I "upgraded" from a basic LG phone with a touch screen, thinking I just need one with a keyboard for easy typing/texting - I wasn't expecting such an awkward keyboard. -1 star.The other obvious thing is the software is idiotic. For example, with many functions it does not display the time while you're in another screen - what kind of stone age OS written by an ADD 5 year old is this? Another bit of software genius is while you can move the pictures you take to the SD card, you cannot set it to just save the files there in the first place. So yes, you get to go through the motion of moving the file yourself manually every time. The software probably deserves more than one star taken off but I'll just make it another point so that's -2.Finally, although I didn't get it for the internet, and I know it doesn't have 3G or anything, but for some reason it takes its sweet time even compared to other phones while accessing via the Edge network, so that's another star for -3, bringing it down to 2 stars.About the only good thing is the Tracfone version does give you triple minutes, but frankly if I knew how awkward this phone was I wouldn't have bought it, even at $15. (so no, DON'T SPEND $50 for a USED one)OH, I forgot - Samsung has to make their own damn proprietary connector for the power etc, for some reason UNIVERSAL serial bus is not good enough for them, AND they have to change it from previous models and can't stay consistent with one size. Because they don't even stay with one connector themselves I'm taking another damn star off. It's one star because it's still a phone and it works, that's about it.

Bought this for my teenage daughter! She loves the keyboard & camera & all its other features!  And I love the fact that it has TRIPLE minutes--if she ever decides to get rid of it--its mine!!!!

I've had my Samsung T404g for about three weeks, and I am extremely happy with my selection. Call me "low-tech", but I'm just not a big fan of smart phones or touch screen interfaces. I like buttons on my phone that I can touch and feel. This is the first phone I've owned with a full keyboard, and that is a nice feature. One of the things that attracted me to the Samsung T404g was the extended life of a full battery charge. Granted, I'm a very light mobile phone user - usually under 30 minutes a day for voice - but a full charge on this phone will last me almost a full week! The phone feels tight and solid, and the sound quality is smooth and comfortable to the ear.Tracfone is a really great deal for me. The "Triple Minutes" plan that comes with this phone makes for a real value. Sure, the per-minute cost is always a bit high for "pay as you go". As a light user, though, I save a bundle over most of my friends who are on contract with major carriers. It's not for everyone, but pay as you go is a great fit for me, and I have been very happy with Tracfone service.

We purchased two Samsung T404G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone) Sold by "Talking Tree and Fulfilled by Amazon. We went to the Tracfone website to activate and since we saw that Tracfone says "During activation time your current phone will still work", we felt confident in attempting activation of both phones at the same time. Unfortunately we have been attempting to activate them both for days. Both my original phone and my husband's (through AT&T;) stopped working soon after we first started the activation process so we both have been without phone service for over a week now. Since we have no phone we have been unable to call Tracfone customer service but have had multiple emails with them and their technical department, tried the Tracfone Forum, Tracfone Chat and multiple other things at the Tracfone website without any success.We sent messages to both the seller and Amazon. We are a Prime member and usually get really good service but not this time. We are still waiting for messages we sent 4-11-14.Wefinally went to Walmart, since they sell Tracfones, and fortunately an employee from the Electronic department  spoke with Tracfone and was able to establish that we needed new SIM cards (an additional 3-5 days without service). From what I can gather, not all Tracfones work in all states. We had no idea and really feel this should be prominently displayed in this Tracfone Amazon ad.4/24/14 After 3 replaced SIM cards Tracfone now informs me that the phone is defective. They are sending a new one to me. Sad to say that I havent heard anything from this seller or Amazon Prime even though I sent both an email detailing the problem.

I purchased the Samsung T404G Prepaid Phone for my wife. Mostly because of the Triple Minutes for Life feature with Tracfone. Received the phone much quicker than I expected and was very pleased with it.The slide keyboard feature is awesome as I usually have problems texting on a regular cell phone. This makes it much easier. Now my wife can also text as she never was able to do it before without the keyboard!I am so happy with the purchase I am getting ready to order another one for myself.

I don,t  usually buy online.  But this seemed the least expensive way to get the triple time phone. The phone is fine., particularly fine for the price.  It is easy to accidentally click on the pricey browser.  But I have trained myself to be very careful. I bought  4500 minutes.. That's 1500 times 3 for 1 year.  I use the phone a little for work and a little for play.  These are not the cheapest per minute, but it is the least expensive plan for my needs.  I'll likely spend $13 to $16 a month.  Assuming I don't lose the phone.It was super easy to set up and I kept my old number and a few minutes from my previous phone.

We bought this phone for daughter's occasional use. I just assumed that it had a micro USB charger connector, but I was wrong. It has a proprietary charger connector. That messes us up just a little bit, as we would have preferred to have just one charger for the family's three phones.The user interface is also quite slow. I can easily type three or four characters ahead of the cursor when I'm texting with it.But both of my complaints are relatively minor for us. I would probably get the phone again even knowing these things.  It's a solid, inexpensive phone. Signal strength is  comparable to the LG800 it replaced, which is not quite as good as an iPhone.

The phone purchased was exactly what we were looking for.  did some research on the tracfones and this phone turned out to be the best one for our family.  Amazon was fast and the prices were great.

Bought this to replace a tracfone we've had for years that bit the dust.  I've had a few different tracfones over the years, and this is the nicest.  I was able to get tracfone cust svc to transfer the phone number and minutes from the hosed phone to this one, so we didn't lose any minutes.  With triple minutes for life, our normal $10/month value plan, which gets us 50 minutes, gets us 150 minutes.  By my calc, that's a hair over 7 cents/minute, which is undeniably good for a cell phone these days.  And it has a full qwerty kb for texting to boot, along with an admirably long battery life per other reviews.  All in all, with reliable shipping from this vendor, it's a no-brainer for a light cell-user like my wife...

This phone is awesome.  It's not a smart phone with the big screen to surf, but you can surf on it if you want to.  I'm not a surfer.  I just need the texting and the rest of the stuff.  This phone is an AWESOME texter phone.  It has many settings to personalize it.  I LOVE the feature of being able to block specific telephone numbers.  Once someone bugs you, you can forever tell the phone to reject the number.

I love my phone. Texting is so easy with the slide out keyboard.  The sound quality isgood and I haven't had any drop calls.  My only wish is that there were better ring tones  in the default setting--I don't really the ones provided.  Trying to buy a ringtone from tracphone is not very user friendly, but for me that is a small thing.  I don't go on the web very often so I can't comment on that.  I would recommend this phone.

I must say I really like this phone. it has a short battery life but otherwise I like it. what I don't like is that tracfone advertises nationwide coverage, but does not provide it. I travelled from CA to NC to visit my parents. my parents have tracfones and no problems with reception. in fact, there are three cell towers behind their house but tracfone will not let me place calls. message I receive is check call restriction-34. I have three bars reception. so I called them twice and they said they will not let me place calls because I am out of my calling area (zip code) and will not let me change my calling area without changing my phone number. since I am job hunting, HUGE problem. I have never had this problem with other carriers. sometimes they have to put in a code for me to get better reception, but have never refused to let me place calls!  I think this is ridiculous!!  I bought the minutes and they have nationwide coverage and no mention of restricton on where I can use them!  I will be finding another carrier.

I've owned this phone for a week now. I used to have a motorola rokr slider (that I've since recycled) and used tmobile's to go prepaid service. This is my first experience w/ tracfone (a mexican company)... so far so good. For my low usage needs prepaid is the best option. I purchased this thru shop cell deals w/ the 1200 minutes(1yr). I was able to activate it & get my new local number with-in a few minutes using the tracfone's webpage. (For the first use it does say to charge it for 5 hrs) The user manual is only available online in pdf format. I'd recommend taking a few minutes and familiarize yourself w/ its features-- especially where the right soft keys aka "browser" buttons are located (on the front upper right and on right side of keyboard), be careful to avoid hitting those by accident. I haven't had issues w/ that yet personally, but have read others have. It sucks samsung didn't include a way to disable that feature in the settings since this is a prepaid phone and unintentional browser use could eat precious minutes.The good: For me the phone's low cost, slide out keyboard, and tracfone's low cost for talk & text when considering the "triple minutes for life" of the phone were the selling points. I didn't add a micro sd card b/c I don't plan on using it for pictures/video, internet, or music. I have a digital camera, computer, and AAC player that I prefer to use for those purposes. I happen to really like Samsung as a brand, but I dont work for them. Don't expect or compare it to what the latest & greatest smart phones do, but then again you won't have a 100$ monthly bill or 2 yr. contract either :)The bad: I had to deduct 1 star b/c of the following: it lacks a mini plug for headphones, doesn't include a usb transfer cable, a wired headset or coiled car charger, a user manual, a starter 512MB or 1GB sd card, relatively low camera resolution (2MP), and lacks the ability to shut off the browser feature. The micro sd card slot also isn't in a user friendly side slot, but rather in a hard to get to spot hidden inside the battery cover. The plastic back cover, small charging door piece, and wall charger feels really cheap and may break easily so use care. IMO even with the drawbacks, considering the low cost it's still a good value and I'd recommend it to others who may be looking for a decent prepaid messaging phone.

I looked long and hard for a new cell phone. I found this one and after looking at the specs long and hard, I purchased it. I really like tha battery life and the qwerty keyboard is really nice.

yeh, i needed to call the 800 number (in Belize) and enter some really looooong codes to type on the phone, but once that was done, it works great.  i think patience is the key to setting it up. i do wish the web browser could be disabled. if someone sees how to do that, let me know. :) **VERY** happy with the quicker than expected delivery.

I bought this phone to be able to check my e-mails and go on Google.  After calling Tracfone, they said the area my number is registered in does not support the browser.  They do not know which area code does.  So to try another zip code, they need to re-register the phone, resulting in no phone service for 24 hours and more time calling customer service.  The typeface for the browser is tiny.  I'm ready to give up after spending one hour with customer service and 40 minutes of "browser" time. I bought the phone from shopcelldeals /Amazon which had a glitch on their package tracking website.  After waiting one week in vain, I contacted them and they shipped the phone, giving me credit for the shipping fee.  So the frustration with this phone started early and continues.  At least, it gets great reception in my area, while the LG800 got none.Does anyone know how to connect the phone to a laptop to try to download a different browser?

Overall a good phone.  Triple minutes - good. Better reception than the LG400 it replaced - good. Quicker text messaging with the keyboard versus a phone keypad - good.  The not so good: depending on how you hold the phone when on a call, the slider's two halves move slightly giving the impression that phone is coming apart.  This is a minor distraction though.  Also it's bulkier than a basic flip phone, but not as bulky as most smart phones.

Though this phone has a laundry list of desirable features, which unfortunately lead me into choosing to purchase this phone, they are offset by being poorly integrated into the product design as a whole. To provide some incite to readers regarding my choice, let me start by first stating that I was looking for a relatively inexpensive cell phone to use at work and on the road primarily as a phone, and secondarily to also provide basic access to data services for occasional texting and internet browsing.To begin, I feel I should point out certain shortcomings of this device as they undermine the overall value of this phone.:The primary number key pad is laid out for one touch browsing and messaging.This in and of itself causes the greatest problems. One of the two primary menu select keys doubles as the web browser activation key. The same button used to back out of various menu listings also opens an internet connection. What this means basically, is that you will always be 1-click away from being billed airtime. The keys also only have a 'so-so' responsiveness, so I find myself retapping keys quite often. I don't really text much, which is to say almost not at all, and easily find my keystrokes outpacing the display. Put together, these issues make it a near certainty that anyone using this model cell phone will open the web browser and be immediately charged airtime. To give you an idea of how often one is required to press the browse internet button, know that it is also the second button pressed to release the key lock. So, anytime you need to use the phone and it has been idle, or in your pocket, or in your purse. The button cannot be remapped to allow a less intrusive configuration. That alone may give you pause in choosing this product.:The phone has a slide out qwerty keyboard.The keyboard slides out with little resistance. So little in fact it reminds me how it feels to shuffle a deck of cards. I personally find this less appealing than a palpable click into place sensation, but for those that need to whip out the 'chat pad' with blazing speed and Teflon smoothness it may be an enjoyable 'feature'. The problem here is that sliding the keyboard out automatically and immediately unlocks the main numeric and menu keys. Yes, this does save you the trouble of having to do the little finger dance needed to unlock the face keys, but it does not relock them just as quickly as it unlocks them when sliding it closed again. What this means basically(see above), is that any shifting around in ones pocket or purse can unlock the phone leaving one vulnerable to accidental use and billed airtime. The keyboard cannot be locked....This phone seems like it was designed from the ground up to (1)make it difficult to quickly access any desirable advertised design feature that does not bill air time or provide Tracfone a revenue stream, and to (2)purposefully and unnecessarily burn through prepaid minutes to speed up the process of replenishing said prepaid minutes. Though these conditions are far from unique, I can only hope some enterprising attorney recognizes their class action value.There is more that I should add, but it's getting late, and if you have read this far, then you likely get the picture already. Since a reviewer cannot give a zero star rating it gets one star, which effectively means that people that don't know this will think the phone still has more merit than it does. In truth, the triple minutes are worth one star so it balances out, I guess, kinda, sorta.

As soon as I saw the Amazon Fire, I began searching for an affordable cell phone that had internet access and a keyboard. When I saw this Samsung phone for $4.99 (plus $4.99 s/h) at ShopCellDeals, I could not believe what I was seeing! Not only was this exactly what I had dreamed of owning someday but TracFone had triple minutes forever! I could not pass this up and ordered it immediately! Then when I went to TracFone's website, they had a free Samsung but a different model so I stuck with the order. The phone came within two days. What a beauty! I called TracFone to activate the phone. No waiting for a technician, no loud music while on hold. I did not get put on hold the entire half hour it took to get the phone set up. The technician spoke well since I am hard of hearing. I had some difficulty locating the numbers he needed. I should have spent more time familiarizing myself with the phone first. The technician was very patient and told me that he would see that he would get me setup. When he completed my setup, he told me that I had 60 minutes plus 10 bonus minutes. I wanted to add more airtime and he assisted with "how to". I then added 60 minutes that were trippled to 180 minutes with five months to use the airtime before I would need to add more.And then... somewhere along the way, I lost 60 minutes! I dreaded having to phone TracFone expecting a lot of resistance and long waits on hold. That wasn't the case! I had an immediate representative response and she said that she would assist me. My figures and her figures coincided so she told me to "wait one moment" while she resolved the problem. The entire conversation took nearly thirty minutes. I was never put on hold. She then told me that she had restored my missing 60 minutes and sure enough, when I looked at the phones remaining airtime, it was there! She then assisted me with a technical problem.I'm very pleased with the phone. Pleased with ShopCellDeals prompt shipment. Very pleased with TracFone.What I have yet to figure how to do is to log in to my GMail account. Have I allowed enough time to get a connection? I did a Google search and it appears that I am not alone. One thing I have learned is that the miinutes of airtime do not allow for anything on the internet to happen quickly. I suppose I was expecting something along the lines of Amazon Fire smartphone!Even if I never learn how to connect to GMail, I can at least use "text messages". That's something I could not do on my existing cell phones unless I used the numerical keypad. I have no patience for such as that!I'll rest today and approach the internet dilemma tomorrow. If I can connect to GMail and Amazon, I'll be very, very happy! The main reason for a wireless internet connection is that if I were to lose electric power, I could still connect to the internet. I'll return later to let you know how and if I solve my internet connection problem. My phone does connect to the internet, it just won't let me sign in to GMail or navigate the web.Meanwhie, I love this beautiful cell phone (I like to "pretend" that I have a smartphone!). Is this an inexpensive item for me, a senior with limited income? Yes. I figure that the monthly cost will be less than $7.00. Since I have other cell phones, this Samsung for other than "texting" and (hopefully), the internet, I would use one of my less expensive cell phones.

Purchased this phone before christmas. triple time was THE selling point. my old pay as you go ran 3 times the cost. i purchased a 1 yr. service card with 400 minutes and received 200 holiday bonus mins for $99 [that equaled 1400 min.], plus supersized 400 minutes at checkout for $30 [1200 min] for 2600 minutes TOTAL. that comes in at 5.3 cents per minute. standard texts run .3 min [about 2 cents ea.]; longer texts run .6 min [about 4 cents ea.] and i avoid browsing at all costs. i'm sure there's a way to have your FB stuff cached so one doesn't have to wait for long loads. the person who complained about not being able to see the keyboard must have gotten a bad phone as mine lights up bright enough to see anywhere. the person who hits the "back" button and goes into BROWSING should understand you can also "back" with the C button or skip to the main screen with the end button. trying to figure out if i can disable the "browse" button somehow, as i usually forget to lock the keys before i put it in my pocket - so i'm pocket punching keys all the time - easy to start up the browser w/o knowing it. this phone has a solid feel, a reasonable set of features that are easy to figure out, the keyboard is great. so far, having fun with it and extremely pleased with my purchase.

Works great and is nice to be able to triple the minuets. Used daily and minuets are not as expensive as the monthly contract phones.

I purchased a Tracfone Samsung T404g Slider with Triple Minutes for Life and I also purchased a ONE_YEAR card .This was an amazing deal for a total of $125. I got a total of 1,400 minutes and 14 months of service.I use less than 100 minutes @ month so I am good to go for 14 months for less than $10 @ month.I also get triple minutes for life. I am very pleased with this purchasse and would recommend it.

I've  been using the phone for a month now and like it alot. I get a signal in places I never have before. Texting is a breeze now. As for durability, we'll see. I had my old phone for almost 4 years.As for the people who have had trouble dealing with Tracfone, I never had. It took around ten minutes to transfer my number and minutes. A breeze.Bottom line, worth it.

Bought this to replace a touch screen phone for my grand daughter. She likes it a lot better than the LG touch screen phone, way easier to text with, Going to buy another one for my daughter..

I bought this phone primarily because I wanted a full keyboard but not a smartphone. I use it primarily for calls and texts and as an alarm clock, and sometimes for taking pictures and videosPros- TRIPLE MINUTES is GREAT, full keyboard, keys are spaced out well to limit typos, feels solid, good battery life,Cons- Won't tell you who a text is from until you open the text and spend minutes; keyboard is easy to use, and it works fine about 90% of the time but it will sometimes type double characters when you press a key, I have found that the best way to solve this is to type with quick hard strokes, though most of the time you can just type normally; has some trouble opening picture messages, sometimes it would shutdown and restart when I tried to open a pic message; makes an annoying &#34;diddlydoo&#34; sound when doing everything from opening a text message to saving an alarm time, the only way to turn this sound off is putting it on vibrate mode (by holding down the &#34;#&#34; key) although you can interrupt the sound by pressing a key quickly after the sound starts; camera is nothing special (but hey, it's a phone camera) although occasionally a picture will turn out surprisingly wellOverall it's a fairly cheap phone, I paid $30 for it, but it gets the job done, and of course triple minutes is great. I would be okay with buying this phone again, but I may shop around a bit first.

Nice phone. Great apps and works with the best carrier for the least money (tracfone) . I'd recommend to anyone who prefer less high tech device. Easy to own.

I went with this phone for economics.  After spending WAY too long on the phone I find out that  pin is only for when I turn the phone on, not to lock the key pad.  I mistakenly thought it was to lock the key pad to avoid &#34;butt-dialing&#34; or having browser button pressed while in pocket or purse.  The representative kept having me change my pin back to what Tracfone wants it to be.  I changed it to a number that I'd remember and kept getting locked out of phone.  I have had this phone less than 6 hours and I am regretting going with Tracfone already.  That browser button looks way to easy to keep getting pressed and costing lots of money!  Also don't care for the text set up that it seems will cost more just to find out who sent text.

Just purchased from Shopcelldeals and couldn't be happier!!  Nice phone, prompt delivery and great price -- better than at Tracfone site!!  Phone manual a little skimpy (aren't they all anymore!).  I also bought a microSD card and finally figured out it had to be installed inside the back cover, under the SIM card (no instructions on that at all!).  Little problem with Tracfone company itself, as I was transferring over minutes & service from my old Tracfone, but after 3 phone calls, finally got it done.  Love the phone!!!

I purchased this phone for my husband for Christmas.  He was very happy with it!  You can't go wrong with the triple minutes and the slider phone style.

Excellent basic phone. Calls are clear and the texting capability is good. The triple minutes for life is a plus..The phone was shipped quickly and activation was easy. Highly recommend this phone.

So far I've been pleased with the phone, I really like the pull out texting keypad, good battery life.The only thing it does that bugs me is its recently started saving text messages to the SIM card instead of the phone and I have no idea why. I deleted a bunch of messages so its not like theres not enough memory. This becomes a problem because if you hit reply to a text saved on the SIM card then it just doesn't send. I've had to move the text from the SIM to the phone then hit reply to get my response to send normally. So I've been tinkering, hopefully I can figure out how to stop that.There is also only one game on the phone, a nerdy thing to get irritated by I know but seriously, my crappy $15 phone I had before had a bunch of games. I upgraded phones recently and was pleasantly surprised by how smoothly the upgrade went, and I didn't loose any minutes. I even got to keep the messages in my voice mail, and my voice mail message. I didn't want to record another one since it took 5 tries to get one where I didn't sound like a nervous 12 year old (my voice doesn't record well). So yeah. It has its glitches but all technology does, I would recommend this phone.

Unfortunately, noone told me certain cell phones are not covered in different areas.  The cell phone itself may be just fine.  Unfortunately, I'll never know as it is not supported in my area.

No issues at all with the phone. I really like it. I have big hands and have no problems texting with the slide out keyboard. The Tracfone customer service is horrid though. The phone comes with triple minutes for life but this doesn't happen automatically anymore and I have to call to have them add the additional time. So for instance the 450 minute card I bought Saturday and input online Sunday should have converted to 1,350 minutes on my phone but instead required a lengthy phone call, three transfers and constant claims from the employees that the "system" is working slowly, please stand by. They will not credit the time you are on the phone with them (last call took 25 minutes). This feels almost like a scam to me. I finally asked this last person (a supervisor) does it require that I stay on the line for what she is doing? She said no. So why do the keep us on the line burning minutes doing stuff that doesn't require the customer to burn minutes?I have no issues with the Tracfone coverage which I feel is very good and the phone is terrific. You cannot, however, fix any problems online and my many customer service experiences with them is terrible.

I love the slider phone. We downgraded to this cause our touch screen was horrible and broke. It is an easy phone to use, unless you live were service is slow. I don't get any service in my house what so ever so I never know if anyone is trying to get a hold of me and even when im outside the phone reception breaks up. So only get this phone if you live somewhere with good service. :) Other than that, its a fantastic phone.

I love this phone. I just got it through ebay. I have had Tracfone for years. They have very good service. The reception is very good. Using the internet is not great, but I don't care about that I have a computer at home to use. This phone you can turn off the annoying music that plays when you turn on and off the phone. Also, you do not have to wait for service to connect. It is available immediately. Texting is wonderful. Camera isn't to bad. This is a great phone for basic phone use. I spend probably $200.00 a year on minutes and this phone has triple minutes. That is much better than spending $100- $200 a month like alot of people do. I would recommend this phone. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because of the internet service. I can easily connect to the internet, but the screen is kind of small to use internet. Love the phone!!

I've bought one phone for myself in January.  It worked for only a week before it would kill the battery in about 20 minutes with the phone overheating.  I switched out.  That phone worked good until now and its doing the same thing.

This was my daughter's first phone.  She is very happy with it.  It gave her all of the features that she was wanting and needing, and it was priced nice.  Very good purchase.

I love the look of the more expensive type of phone.  The keyboard is great for texting and I've learned to use more features than I did with my other Tracfone.  The price is great from Amazon.

For the price you can't beat this phone. Great reception, even out in rural areas. The mp3 player has very good sound and the Bluetooth works fine. I would recommend buying a Samsung Data Cable if you order this phone as it makes transferring files even easier. You might also consider a Samsung headphone adapter as there is no 3.5mm socket. The triple minutes for life makes it an even better value. Do I like this phone? I must; I bought three.

this is my daughters first phone and she loves it...its a triple minutes for life phone whihc is awesome, I bought 120 minutes for 28.00 and she got 360. This is to teach responsibilty before she can have a contracted phone...easy to use and understand...high tech looking but its not, would recommend for the price definitely!!

it is great and  only cost 1/2 of what it would have been if I purchased it directly from trac phone- came with all accessories (charger) no problems  just trying to figue out how to access the internet with it

Got 2 T404g's. 1 for my Girlfriend and 1 for myself. Ordered through Amazon from Shopcelldeals and got them for 45 bucks a piece shipped. They set up easily, quickly and cleanly; no hassles... They work great; good coverage and reception, nice interface and great features for the price and for a prepaid tracfone. We love them.Only 1 niggle. They are supposed to take 16gb MicroSDHC cards, so I got one such Sandisk card for each of them. After installing the cards, both before and after using the phone based function to format them, they both show the same odd results on the card properties display on both Phones.That is the phones memory card properties on both phones shows around 15.5 gig capacity, but ~12.5 gig Used and ~3gig free before storing anything on the Cards.Looking at the cards on my card reader on the PC, they show perfect. Correct folders set up and ~16 gig total, 49k or so used and around 15.9gig or so available.Now that leads to the 1 con... The forum that Tracfone has as a lead-in to Support is absolutely the most ridiculous farce and comprises what I deem to be the ultimate disrespect to customers that I could ever imagine. By the time I could even use the bloody forum (because od the way the Admins run the forum) I had lost interest in even talking to them. I was really disgusted.We do love the phones though! LOL!  Oh, I originally gave the phones 5 stars but took 1 back for that ridiculous forum they have for Support!

I like the samsung T404g slider phone. I have several Tracfones but I like this one the best because of the sliding keyboard, and triple minutes I use it regularly gets good service from Tracfone, have been a customer of tracfone for many years using different samsung phones like this one the best.Recommend this company and Phone.

This is an awesome phone with a supersaver price!  It's a "lot of cell phone" for the money.  I would recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to pay hundreds of dollars for a phone when they could purchase the T404G!

I went from a flip phone to a keyboard phone and I love it. This phone has a great battery life and the keyboard is easy to use. It took me a week to familiarize myself with all the tools and such, but it's well worth the money!

This is an ok phone but the browser button is in a bad spot and easily activated if your finger hits the button. At that point it will immediately deduct time from your phone. Needs improvement in my opinion

My old  cheap phone was easier to use than this one.  They keys pad is so small I end up mistyping words all the time.For what I use it for and how often I use it, it is sufficient

I've now purchased three of this model T404G. One works fine. Two failed miserably and were returned. Don't like those odds at all and you shouldn't take a chance, either.The biggest problem was service range. Once you got 2 miles from a cell tower, there was no service on two of the phones.I worked with customer service for more than 5 hours combined on the two phones with no solution. We tried new sim cards, entered hundreds of characters of codes, etc. etc.Avoid the frustration and time wasted and just don't buy this.

I purchased this phone primarily because it had triple minutes, but also because of the full keyboard. The keyboard took a little getting used to but once I figured it out I was texting up a storm. I love the service that I get it definitely puts the "can you hear me now" service to shame.

Most people express frustration with the pre-installed web browser.  I have read (but haven't tried myself yet) that the Opera Mini (do a search for that to find the site from a PC, then on their site locate the mobile sit address to do the download from your T404G phone) is a much better browser for this phone that can be downloaded for free (use the "public download" link if it says the phone is incompatible).  I think that what I read about it said once you download the Opera Mini to your phone you access it through your Games menu.  I'm going to try it soon but wanted to post it since so many people don't like the current browser.Also, as an alternative to using the "Back" button to avoid accidentally turning on the browser, just use the "C" button to back out and exit out of anything you are in.

Shop Cell service was prompt. The phone itself fit the bill for my wife, whose previous Samsung could no longer satisfy since she discovered texting. The phone has a good feel and the keyboard is quite comfortable, even for adult hands. This has the same problem as other Samsung models in terms of how easy it is to mistakenly hit the browser button. By the way, this is pretty useless as a web not-so-smart phone. But you can't beat the price for quality and triple minutes!Sound and call quality have been very good, as has been the AT&T; service. Tracfone has come a long way in customer service at a price the contract carriers can't come close to. I've needed to call customer service a couple of times and they've always been timely, courteous, and very helpful.We made the switch to complete no-contract cell service about a year ago and have never regretted it. I needed a better almost-smart phone (LG Rumor Touch through Virgin Mobile). I've been very pleased with my phone and service as well and we've saved hundreds of dollars over our old contract phones. We went with two different carriers and networks (Sprint for me) so that one of us would always have service in areas we travel to. That decision has paid off a number of times in rural areas.One note of frustration with Virgin Mobile and Tracfone: Quit locking your phones down so much that even firmware updates are not available! All electronics require software updates over time. If you use these phones with contract services, the ability exists, but no-contract carriers don't allow users to update. Still being contract free has meant money in the bank for us!

I wanted a phone to text easily and I didn't want to lose the large amount of minutes that I had on my Tracfone plan and this fills that bill nicely. The phone is great, it's easy to text, takes reasonable pictures, and has enough features to be useful.My only concern with this was that I had huge difficulties with Tranfone getting the phone number transfered correctly. They messed things up several times and I had to spend hours listening to their horrible &#34;We appreciate your business&#34; drivel and wretched music while trying to get someone to do the transfer correctly.Tracfone is still the cheapest way to get my phone service and I like that, but I will try to use up minutes and time together when it is time to get my next phone so that I won't feel locked into staying with Tracfone.

I needed a new phone by Tracfone and I found this on Amazon. Amazon was cheaper than from Tracfone website. I've had this phone for a while now and love it. Easy to text, make calls, take and send pictures also with video. Holds charge really well, goes 4 to 5 days on a single charge. I use the calendar a lot to keep track of my appointments, birthdays and keeping up with my son's schedule with school events..... Great Phone for a Great Price.

This is the first full keyboard phone I've ever owned. There was nothing wrong with my old phone but it took soooo long to text and with my entire family communicating via phone that was an issue. This phone was the solution.I love the quality of the 2.0 camera, so far, and the ease of use. The battery fully charged in less than 30mins and shows as fully charged, even after playing with the camera and adding contacts. The speaker is loud enough for me and signal strength is stronger than I've seen before. This phone replaces a Motorola flip-phone but the conversion/transition has been easy. It's keyboard took me 10mins to familiarize myself with and now I'm a speedy on it! There's a fast camera button on the right side, so you can bypass shortcuts and access without much thought.Only issue I've identified; no option for cabled headphones. You must use Bluetooth. That's not a problem unless you worry about brain tumors from radiation (I do). Also, I can't use this an an MP3 player in my 10 year old van; no obvious way to run the library through the stereo. I might be able to access Bluetooth somehow, but it won't be cordless (a new accessory allowed me to use the headphone jack and tune it to my car stereo FM) so what good is the 16mb memory card? There's gotta be a way...I've only had it for a day so still learning!I wish the shiny case didn't show every single finger print but that's not an issue, it's a preference.

I have had no problems with this phone so far and I really love the full keyboard vs the touchscreen (it doesn't register my fingernails).  I also received the phone sooner than I expected so that was great. Very happy!

LIke this product very much and Amazon website had lots of reviews that helped me decide on this product - I recommend it to friends.

What a deal for this phone its $30.00 less then on the trakfone site and I got it in two daysworks like a charm and the triple minuets for life is a grate deal. I use it has an mp3 player as wellone less thing to Cary. I would recommend the phone and the seller both are a+thanksdan

Easy slide, easy texting - not so big price.  Just what my 13-year old son wanted and the price was right.  Good for me as the parent too.  If he loses it, not so big a deal!

The delivery was on time, with the date expected. The phone was new as described, and the phone works perfectly, so far. Thank you. The price was amazing 20 dollars off from the original price! I have had it now for about a month and I love it! Certain gadgets could be included (the company's fault though) but the internet is amazing. Everyone loves my new phone :)Update: (July 21, 2013)Cons: The phone is a little slow after all the use. The messages are frustrating to delete as it only holds about 200. The browser is slow now, plus the button is easy to press since it's next to the main buttons. The buttons on the QWERTY keyboard stick sometimes. You cannot personalize the alarms, which bugs me a little.Pros: You can check your voice mail because it has a password by dialing the star key when you hear your voicemail. The messages are easy to send. There are tons of room for contacts. Bluetooth makes it easy to put the latest songs and pictures on your phone. It holds a lot of pictures and videos for a non-smart phone. The camera is pretty good and I like that I can video tape. The volume is very nice for MP3 listening and calling speaker phone.I think I'm about to change phones though, this one is getting old, slow, and scratched up. So I'd say that the phone's life expectancy could be about two years.

I bought this phone for my husband, he really wanted a phone with a full keyboard.  He had one with a touch screen keypad but found it clumsy to type.  This phone is great!  He likes to text and this makes it so much easier.  The only negative is that if the bars drop and the message can't be sent, it charges the units but doesn't hold the message until the bars come up again (his old phone would hang on to the message until there was a signal, so you were only charged once).  Easy to use and nice picture quality too!  I want one too!

I bought Tracfone because we no longer have a land line. Our kids are getting old enough to stay home alone and we need a phone for them to use in emergencies. It is really well suited for this purpose since you can have a phone for about what taxes cost on a land line used for the same purpose (if you pay by the year). The one MAJOR gripe that I have is that when you are on the home screen, the back button is used to launch the "browser." GIVE ME A BREAK! It is really easy to accidentally launch the web browser which charges you valuable minutes even if you close it immediately. There is no solution to this problem which is an obvious "feature" which directly translates to Tracfone selling more minute cards. I'm disgusted by that, but everything else seems to work fine.

good stuff... great phone for my 8 year old son. i had one like it years ago... works pretty well

I am so pleased with this phone for my tracfone acct. I had touchscreen before and I just hated it. The slide out keyboard is so useful, easy, readable, and I can see it pretty well.

Finally upgraded my TracFone.  Since this new one has triple minutes instead of double like my old one it'll pay for itself in about 6 months (3 times purchasing minutes).  Really like the phone.  Great, fast service from seller too.

Bought this phone for my 13 year old son for Christmas. It came within a couple of days and was packed nicely. Called Tracfone and it was up and running in about one hour. It is a great phone. My son loves the keyboard feature for texting. I love that it isn't costing me a ton of money every month. If I wasn't already tied to a contract, I would consider this phone for me. It looks and has the same features of the phone I bought for a lot more money.

I love this phone for the price.  I love the triple minutes, which makes a tracphone much more economical.  For me, this is the most economical way to have a phone with texting.  I don't use it a whole lot, so I like that I can pay as I go, rather than have a monthly bill whether I use it or not.  I bought one for my husband and I.

Just bought this phone for the triple minutes bonus.  It is great, entering numbers is very easy and it takes pretty good pictures.  Use my tablet for on line and have not really tried that out.  You can still text with out the slide out keyboard.  Had a model similar before and I am very happy with this phone.  Glad I did not get the touch screen after reading the reviews.  Not bad for for the price.

Nice little phone at an excellent price. It arrived quickly and just as advertised. Using the triple minutes in conjunction with coupons allows me to buy minutes for 6 cents each. The phone will pay for itself in just a few short months.

I received the phone without a receipt also when I tried activating the phone online it said sim card needs to be replaced.Tracfone Samsung T404g Slider with Triple Minutes for Life!

I ordered this as an upgrade for my tracfone service.  I was using a motorola before, but it did not have a full keyboard.  My sister started to text me a lot, and I realized I needed a full keyboard.  I didn't want to pay for a lot of features I didn't need.  I also don't text very much.  This was exactly what I needed, at a very reasonable price.  It took only a few minutes with customer service at Tracfone to switch my number and minutes over, and the new phone was working within an hour.I rate this a five, because it does everything I wanted it to (phone and text), well.  I did try out the browser service, just to see how it worked.  Had I wanted a phone with a browser, I would not have rated this phone a 5.  It is nearly impossible to read the screen when in browser mode.I did not need a camera on my phone, but I tried this one out, just to take a picture for the wallpaper.  It is easy to use and good quality.I would not buy this phone if you want internet services, but if you just want a phone to text and call, this really is a great deal, particularly with the triple minutes for life.

cool phone with tiple minutes from tracfone....so far so good switched old phone minutes over and this phone seems to be working pretty nicely as i am on a hunting trip in southern ohio where cell signals are sporadic at best i've had bars nearly the whole time...ordered my son the same one....definitely would recomend at this point  if something changes will re review..the seller of theis item shipped this out about an hour after i bought it and received it in 2 days kudos to them... would have given it 5 stars but haven't had it long enough as of yet

I got this phone for my wife for Christmas as a replacement for a much older Nokia Tracfone. It turned out to be exactly the same model that my daughter has thru T-Mobile. A fortunate coincidence because the documentation is never what you think it should be and my daughter was able to help a lot with setup and 'training.' Based on our experiences with two of the same device under different carriers, it seems to be a nice unit and quite dependable.It was also simple to port the number over thru the Tracfone website, which I did on Christmas Eve so it was ready to go out of the box on the 25th.

I order this phone through Shopcellas and I was so impressed.  I emailed them because I wanted to know the exact day of delivery & within hours I got a response.  Just as they said I got the phone on the 3rd day since I paid $4.95 for a 3 day delivery.I ordered it on Wed afternoon and got it Saturday morning.  Once I got the phone I realized it was a bit loose and I emailed them again to ask about exchange procedures.  They said they would exchange within 30 day of delivery not after.  Without me responding back I got a new phone in my mail 2 to 3 days after their response.  I was able to return the other phone at no charge to me.I am impressed with this company because since I shop through Amazon so much - I have found other companies to be aloof when I emailed for any reason.  This specific company Shopcellas is prompt, secure, efficient and take the time to personally respond to all questions.  This I find very impressive.  I wished they sold more things...The phone is also great - so far so good.  The battery last for a long time WOW!  My only complaint is that is a bit heavy... this phone..  but other than that I love it.. love it.  It takes pretty good photos too..Oh yeah my other complaint is that I have lost minutes because sometimes I use the "back" button and if I press once too many times it goes into "browser".. there goes a minute each time.  I must ad that I only use this phone for calling, texting and photo taking.  For these uses I find this phone to be great.  I just wished the "back" button would be for just that.... Browser button should be placed somewhere else... it can be tricky.I just need to get a case for it.. to safely take it jogging with me.. Does anyone know where to get a case for it? Thanks!

With this phone and the 1500 min card purchased onlinne I get my cell phone service for aproxiametly $17 a month.

I purchased two cellphones for my grandson and granddaughter.They are both happy with the purchase. I like the customer service of Tracfone, they were very helpful. Tracfones are great for teenagers, it teaches them responsibility!!

I ordered this phone right from tracfone, I have other tracfones and never had an issue. First it came and was packaged from tracfone when I tried to activate it the web site said the serial number was incorrect so I called customer support they said the serial number was for a straight talk phone (walmart) so they transfered me to them I was on hold for 20 min then all I got was people who spoke very little english and were not very helpfl at all. Unlike tracfone it seems they require you to pay for a minute plan even before they acctivate the phone so pretty much you give your credit card number to some person with a horrible additude and then the say ok when I hang up ture the phone off and on again and make a call if that doesnt work wait an hour ok bye. well still no phone service I will wait 40 more minutes then back in the box it goes. I would call tracfone and make sure the phone you order is with them not straight talk. As I was typing the phone was activated what a hassle.

This is a great phone,everything opens quick,good call quality..The only problem is that I am having difficulty putting videos onto a microsd and having it play them..But other than that this phone was worth upgrading from the LG500G.

Bought this as an upgrade (so I thought) from my 6 year old basic tracfone.Should have stuck with my tried and true motorola.the reception from this is awful,and I have tried it in many places,always with the same result,poor.Switched the minutes back to my old motorola and will be getting rid of this junk!

This was a great deal, I needed a phone for emergencies when travelling. The one thing I neglected to notice/shopcelldeals forgot to post about was that this is a GSM phone, meaning it doesn't work in almost all of the mountain-west region of the US.  Not a problem though, I just activated it using a Los Angeles zip code and address, and it works perfectly, since roaming is not an extra fee with Tracfone.

It's simple, not complex, it does what it is supposed to do.  I couldn't stand my old touch screen phone.

I had a small motorola flip phone first this new phone is so much faster and with easier access to all the functions if you are looking inexpensive phone I highly recommend this one I got this one under tracphone,

With Tracfone you basically get what you pay for.  This is a very nice slider phone.  Tracfone web site is another story.  Don't expect to be able to transfer your minutes from one phone to another using their web site.  The web site is broken and has been for a long time.  You'll have to call customer support.  When you do call you'll have to deal with a heavy Indian accent.  However, that being said, the phone customer support worked well.  There wasn't much of a wait to talk and then everything was handled professionally and expeditiously.

I have had an identical phone for several months, and purchased this unit for my wife for Valentine's day. The new phone was delivered long ago, just in time,but still isn't activated. After many telephone calls to "Customer Service" (sic),TRACFONE is supposed  to be sending a new SIM card, after they initially said they were sending a SIM card, then cancelled it without telling us, and now allegedly are sending one again. Be warned, if you port your number over from another service (even if it is NET10, owned by the same company) your phone may be unanswerable for a week or more...the Samsung phone is easy to use and learn, and the QWERTY keyboard is great. We didn't want the monthly expense of Smart Phones, so this is the best we could get. It has web access, texting, and you can TALK to somebody with it too.

I just got this phone today and I am duly impressed. After purchasing the very much disappointing LG 800g which was incredible small with a terrible touch screen, I had to go through the hassle of returning it (bought it online at Tracfone). So I decided to buy this phone on Amazon through shopcelldeals, and I regret ever buying the LG. The original price of this phone is about 60 dollars but I snagged it for about 32.99 plus 4.99 shipping and guess what, it is less than the price of the LG 800g I bought even with the shipping added.So far so good, the features are great, it has a nice keyboard and good camera.The only thing is I have to wait to get the phone service transferred which could take up to 72 hours. Plus I had to deal with the Tracfone customer service which if you know, is not always pleasant. It took me a good hour to get the service and my old minutes transfered.But overall this phone is a keepers.

I used this phone for 2 years. Never a problem. Battery life was excellent and after 2 years was still very good. Only difficulty - a minor annoyance - was that the texting keypad is nice in theory, but the keys are too wide apart (at least for my hands). I cannot text by touch, but must look at every key as I type (in contrast to other phones with smaller keypad layouts).Other than this, it's a great phone. (The usual issue with the Web Browser button that you cannot turn off or reassign - but that's true for every TracFone I've seen; if you can't handle that, don't get a tracfone. I've managed to adjust.)

I really like this phone. I just started to text, this seems to be the prefered method of communication these days. I relied on my grand daugther to teach an old dog new tech.the slide out query key board is a must for me, if i had to work with the regular key pad i would have givin up on texting. I reccomend this phone especially to those who are getting into texting. I enjoy texting now.Wes Eldridge.
