
I swear, everyone is trying to imitate Apple's iPhone. This device is a break thru and seems like everyone owns one. If you're not owning one, you're missing out. It replaces atleast 3 devices (my old iPod, my bulky camera phone and my old PDA). Gotta have this!

I can only echo the other customers satisfied with Kyle's excellent service.  I appreciated that your description of the phone allowed me to understand what I was buying.  I'm a techno dummy so it is terrifying to fork out a couple of hundred dollars without really knowing what I'm doing.  Thank you so much for making this technology competitively priced!I bought this phone for my husband so that he could use it for straight talk. Even a t-dummy like me was able to make it work.This was my experience in June 2013.1. Faff around pulling your hair out because you don't understand what the hell to do.2. Watch about 450 instruction videos on youtube.3. Blunder around online trying to make sense of a million different instructions and finally call the straight talk help desk, which was actually helpful....This is what I really needed to do to make the iphone work:1. Purchase an unlocked AT&T; or T-Mobile Iphone.  Don't get Verizon or Sprint in this case. I used betterdealsfaster and a guy called Kyle Wunderli.  Check out my review on that service if you want to use him.2. Purchase a straight talk sim card.3. Purchase straight talk minutes or use your credit card to set up a monthly payment for the minutes.4.Purchase a micro sim card.5. Use the micro sim as a template to cut down the huge straight talk sim.  Make sure you cut AROUND the shiny metal surface! I guess you can buy a sim cutter online but I just used scissors.6. Go online OR call straight talk to activate the straight talk sim. This is also when you will transfer your number from your previous provider.7. Now you can follow the steps on any one of the MILLIONS of youtube videos which will tell you how to fix the APN settings on the iphone 4 for straight talk.8. Use and love your new iphone with all that juicy data-ry stuff and wonder why the hell AT&T; doesn't even try to compete with this new company.  At the risk of sounding amazingly paranoid, I feel like a consumer sheep being led to corporate slaughter.  We'll all know when the other shoe drops but until then, I love this cheaper phone system.

everything was great, i got it in the right time, the cellphone was new, and i really like it! excellent!

Works perfect with my Metro PCS account. The phone works as advertised, it is unlocked but not jailbroken, no problems at all.

El producto llego con defectos y nadie es capaz de reconecer el da&ntilde;o.lamentablemente es engorroso enviar de vuelta los equipos .Les ruego me den una solucion reconociendo loo que he gastado.Remigio

Thanks for taking care of my locked phone.  I bought a locked phone, but you took action and corrected the problem!  Thanks you, another satisfied customer serving overseas.Excellent!

The iphone i bought here doesnt work properly and the speaker is horrible.I cant hear anything clearly,the speaker has some problem.I emailed the guy who sold the phone and he gave me a weird answer saying that yesterday it was working and today you say its not working.I request amazon not to encourage this kind of sellers on your website.

The product is just like the description.Perfect condition.I bought this product in December, 26th and since then I've found no problem

Right now I am in Brasil. and I bought this product in this store as factory unlocked but later 34 months, this began to fail... when I went to the service center, this product showed a lot of logos in the mainboard wich indicate me that it has been repairedI am very angry, because I believed in the online store, but they send me a used phone and not a new like they has offered. It was refurbished.

It is a great Iphone 4.  I got it in a really good care, on time, and perfect.  Thanks for send me a new and great IPhone 4 16 GB.

these guys are honest in the product description and quick in shipping, they will answer any question you have , I bought the phone about 6 months ago and I still have it , I love it , took it overseas and now back in the states , works great ...

I bought the iPhone because it was new and factory unlocked. Bought as a gift for a friend of Brazil, but unfortunately only had problems until now; 1 - is not unlocked, I had to pay to unlock 2 - button on / off does not work 3 - the audio and microphone does not work. Now I have to pay for repairs. Did not return and refund because the device is in Brazil. Do not recommend buying.

i take this device used and unlocked, and it meets my expectation ,all functions are very good and touche screen has good response

Very disappointed. The phone is not new and actually in worse condition than the iPhone 4 I have already had for 2 years. I bought this for my daughter (who lives in Spain) as a Christmas gift...unfortunately I did not remove the plastic packaging until I gave it to her. To my dismay I discovered this was far from new, dirty and scratched. Can't exactly disappoint my kid now and tell her that next I see her (Easter) I'll have a new one. She is happy enough, even though it is beat up, I am not happy at all. On a scale of 1-10 I'd rate the condition as a 5. Fortunately we were able to cut her Blackberry SIM card to size and after plugging it in to her laptap configure it so it works with her carrier.

I bought an Iphone 4 in Orlando, Florida before returning to Brazil. At that time, I didn't notice the charger was not working. In Brazil I couldn't charge the Iphone with it. Thank heavens I found my old charger, which I've been using, since then.

Samsung galaxy is the  way to go it is far more easier to use and just better all around for what ever

Full of scratch and defective screen! It has two big bright spots right in the center of the screen when it turns on!

I don't need to go into details about this phone since it's one of the most widely-used phones and everyone knows everything about it (or can easily find out everything there's to know...) so my main point of this review is for those interested to know if this phone will work outside of the United States, using GSM SIM cards: I got this phone for a friend of mine to use outside of the US. He just wanted to get a SIM from a local phone provider, cut and insert the SIM card and use the phone. And, since the iPhone is famous for its ease of use, that's exactly what he did and it all worked. The only problem he reported was a not-so-great battery life. Other than that, the phone provided both voice and data coverage and it worked just as it should have. Period.

I bought the cellphone like new and I took it to Apple store, they told me it have been used. Also, the USB cable is not original

take it back

This is a piece of crap. It only work about 3 weeks and its stopped.I charge the phone everyday 30 minute because the battery isnt good.The power button broke. i have to throw away. Dont buy this iphone is a crap.

I purchased this phone because it said  &#34;NEW&#34; it is not.  The camera is blurry liked it's scratched. Very dissatisfied.

still in contract with at&t,not exceed 2yers,yet,not as descripte &#8220;factory unlocked&#8221; &#65292;still locked by at&t &#65292;i can't belive u do this

The home button did not work and the display glass was replaced with cheap plastic. None of this information was mentioned when I bought this phone

I loved it at first and for some reason the phone started dropping service!!! it wasn't the company the phone i had other people but their sim in the phone and they were having the sme problem. Service goes in and out for no apparent reason!!!!

I ordered from  Nimlow Electronics, and they said it was in Very good condition, some scratches. Comes with ac adapter, usb cable and headset. First the &#34;some Scratches&#34;, was a lot of scratches, but i can get over that. What i can't get over was the fact the earpiece was broken, can barely hear through it even with volume maxed out, blown my guess, contacted amazon they offered to help me return it, but the time it took to get it working with my carrier (straight talk) and setup just the way i like it, i said if they could cover the parts i would replace them myself, which was right at $20, so not a big expense, and they covered the cost of the parts (earpiece, and necessary tools),  Go Amazon Customer service! Always helpful.

after i received i didn't use it for sex month. Because i want to give it to someone.  when i start to use it they can't hear my voice and i went to apple store, they can't fix it. i have pay &150 extra for get another one.

The phone arrived right on time with everything included. For a used phone, it is in great condition and looks brand new. Very satisfied with this product.

Please DO NOT purchase this phone!!! It's no wonder there is no warranty because it is a piece of crap! You will not get good reception & will get drop calls ALL the time. You'd think you were on the commercial &#34;Can you hear me now?&#34; All I ever got was a one bar. I even purchased a new sim card hoping that was the problem. Nope! I bought a new cell phone signal booster for Apple Iphone which was a waste of money also! So buyers BEWARE!!

She ended up breaking the screen but overall I think it was a good purchase! It was just what she asked for.

The phone works well. I have no problems. My SIM card worked immediately after I unlocked it. Great! I'll be on the look out for another for my son.

used i-phone (unlocked), & function & condition is good. That's very perfect because I could save money. I would like to tell my friends.

Hi, Can you please tell the color? Can i use it worldwide? I need to know as soon as possible!!

The cellphone works perfectly and it matched with the description in the add. It arrived on time and with an additional case. Thanks!

looks great and everything is working and functioning smoothly, I like the (IPHONE 4 16GB - Factory Unlocked). am very happy with it.

The phone was not factory unlock. I had spend more money on it to unlock personaly. For that I feel i was charged more then i supose to.

This is a great phone,  it was unlocked, and it hasn't given me any problems. Would definitely recommend it to others.

I am very satisfied with my purchase and for that I give the retailer a grade A and this a great company to do business with

Everything came just as the description said except two things:1) Did not come factory unlocked, I am currently living in South America and wanted to lock it to a carrier but unfortunately I cannot because it is locked to some other carrier, now I need to find out the carrier that this device is locked to in order to lock it to a carrier in my region2) The earphones are fake , yes fake, I did a comparison to the real ones and the ones that I have with me at this moment,Aside from that everything checks out, New , Charger, etc...

Me encanto, esta en perfectas condiciones, todo esta ok. lleg&oacute; r&aacute;pido y bien empacado ya lo tengo en uso. :)

That's all I am willing to say.  The device is quite small and it has a learning curve -- three finger taps and such.  I am frequently on line looking for &#34;how to do -- this or that.&#34;  But I suppose that's true with every phone.

I bought this phone for my wife.  Soon after we got it, she started having problems with the main button on the phone.  Finally this past weekend, the button was just too hard to push anymore and we took it to an Apple Authorized repair shop.  Imagine our surprise when the technician said the phone wasn't new and had in fact been opened by another repair shop sometime in it's past.  He said a screw was missing for the screen and it was amazing that the screen hadn't fallen out.Simply put, I would recommend that Amazon not use the business that provided me the Iphone, don't think they are the most reputable company in the world, when they promise a new product and it is not only used but used and unsatisfactorily repaired.

iphone 4  came without a box and headphonei didnt like it because iti paid for iphone and all acessories

Great phone received quickly, works great, no scratches looked new!!  Only one issue, the picture of the phone was white, my daughter wanted a white phone, but the phone being sold was black.  It clearly stated that in the add, however when a certain color product is pictured internet shoppers are accustomed to receiving the color of the product pictured in the add.

the wifi does not work i have to stay close to the router to pick up the signal I DONT LIKE IT!

I bought this used iphone4 for my 20 yr old daughter to use in the Caribbean from jp mobiles llc and I took over a month to write this review because I wanted to have it for awhile see if any problems would occur with the phone. The phone  came with little or no scratch,I even swore it was a new cellphone, but as the description said used.The phone works well no glitch no freezing, just perfect,clean and smooth back and  front,can't get over the fact of how good the phone looks, just insert my micro sim and was good to go,to make calls and activate data plans, will recommend jp mobiles llc

Phone was in good condition but came locked - not factory unlocked as advertized. Had to pay extra to unlock,

I live overseas in Germany, and this product arrived 12 days after I ordered it. It was a little dusty, but no scratches and the phone booted up just fine. I will definitely be ordering again if I ever need another phone. :)

I purchased this iPhone 4 for my Granddaughter. I was a little skeptical because this is the first used item I have ever purchased and with it being a cell phone I was more worried. The day I received it when we took it to T-Mobile and it was activated with no problems. My Granddaughter has reported that it is working like a charm and she is so happy with it. It saved me a lot of money vs a new phone. I am happy I found this phone... it exceeded my expectations.

I bought this for my mom in China. When I received this, I already realized the home bottom doesn't respond correctly. However, I was in a rush shipping this internationally along with something else! So I didn't have time to return or exchange this! I sent an email to this seller and asked about the phone's condition, especially the home key. He said it was all tested by professionals and all fine! But my mom keeps complaining about the home key and this phone keeps locking up on her! Do not buy from this seller! Not kidding!

I got the ordered phone early than I expected, I am impressed with that. The product was exactly the way it was described.

Came earlier than expected and in perfect condition. Price was good and worked immediately after I put my new sim card into it.

I have received already, and it's like that describe so i like with this part,except I order for 16gb but I got just 8gb, so I disliked with this part.

as shown in the pic, good quality, packing,intime shipping,had all the parts mentioned.was satisfied with purchase.will get more wen required

Delivery was as promised. The phone came in a box, but papers (instruction pamphlet, etc.) were not present. Made it look used. The phone itself is in great condition.

I give it great mobile yes I told my friend about it they put in them minded they will pay from it.

Good working iPhone, was first a little bit annoyed by the scratches/damage from sweaty hands/fingers on the side. Because I paid a relative high price for it. But I like it now.

I recived promply phone works OK, home button litlle sticky. I thought we were to receive charger, but We never get.

From app developers perspective ( see kerstinfossen.com ) this phone is ahead of the rest. Who says you cant be smart and savvy... entertaining and informative! This is what I, Kerstin Fossen built my website and webfirms beliefs on... Productive and Fun. The way a business should be built!

The phone was delievered just on time and in very good conditions, exactly as it was described. I've used the phone with two different companies (verizon and vivo) and it worked fine.

The phone is working good, there's a little bit scratch both sides but its ok the screen looks fine. "Thank you"and hope next time! 5 stars for you..

Everything is good, The Iphone is working very well, I had a good buy in this side. The shipment was on time too

The first shipped iphone had some problems with the screen, while they helped me exchange one for free and shipped to me very soon. The second one is perfect!

This item came exactly how he posted it and also he was alot of help and answered my questions I highly recommend

Excelent choicejust on time, work in digitel caracas venezuelaall stuff complete in orderProdutc in excellent quiality,recomended 100%, thanks

first the phone was supposed to be white! then after I send it over seas it doesn't work its locked!

The description specifically states "UNLOCKED TO USE FOR ANY CARRIER". However, I took the phone to two separate Verizon stores and they both were not able to activate the phone. The last store even called their corporate support team and confirmed that this phone is not compatible with Verizon service. So if you use Verizon - DO NOT buy this phone!!!

I paid for a new unlocked iPhone 4, but I got a used, and a damaged one to boot. From the beginning the network doesnt work. i ask to the seller for the warranty and they told me to go to apple store.  I took it to the Apple store where I was told that the phone is a used one and that the network unit are damaged, apple doesnt warranty for used phones.i recommend dont buy this seller. be carefull whit stuff buy by seller.

This never worked 100% as it should and I now have the iPhone 5.... Sorry but it was better to have spent the bigger bucks!

The phone performs wonderful and very good! All the functionality are optimal in operation, long battery life, clean like new!

I was very disappointed in this unit... I purchased it for my friend in Mexico... Forget the cost of getting it there, I expected that but when it got there and my friend opened it and inserted a sim card the problems began... I spent over a $100.00 getting the local cell company to test it and repair the speakers... then every app you want you have to buy from apple... I tried working with the seller of the item who said they shipped all over the world.. however they could not locate factory service in Mexico for me. They then dismissed me with at $ 35.00 credit...The cell is still not functioning properly...

this was by far the easiest way to unlock a phone !!  I tried other ways but none seemed to work this did.  Don

Excellent smart phone. iPhone is the best. good job apple , iPhone iPad iPod Mac all of it . &#128175;&#10004;

I checked but this is a MC608LL. It is unlocked but not Factory Unlocked. It works well so 3 star is worth.

What are you taking about a refb it is a used phone, but the problems are fixed by a dealer.

After a delay I got the iphone. After the activation I found out there was a defective outlet for the headphone.I went to an  APPLE store and was told by technician that the screen and other parts are not APPLE partsand therefore they cont help mi.I mailed the iphone back.This whole deal :activating the iphon an activating back my old tel. shipping back the iphonecost me $60 and I am back to square one.I expect to be compensated.

I bought this I phone for my sister in law and it seems to be she like it and so far no complain

Works exactly as stated.  This was definitely one of the best online shopping experiences I've had a a while. GREAT!

The phone works rally fine and it reached me within the date they promised. The price was reasonably good and I think it is worth buying this phone.

The seller lied. the factory said that the iPhone was unlocked , but they lied. IT WAS NOT UNLOCKED IT STILL CONNECTED TO VERIZ

The phone is brand new and in good condition when it arrived. I am happy with the purchase. Great phone.

Came in white, but that's alright! Was used, but looks brand new, no issues or scratches. Very glad I bought it!

i been waiting for my cell for over three weeks. tried to email em got nothin. dont buy from them unless u wanna wait a month and not know when u will get ur stuff.

The phone I received was a CDMA model (A1349) with no SIM card tray. Useless. Though the phone was in a very good condition.

FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER WHO WANTS TO CHANGE PHONES LIKE YOU CHANGE CLOTHES.  EXCELLENT PRODUCT AT A VERY GOOD PRICE POINT.

The  model was not the same as the one I ordered. I ordered a new 16gb model unlocked and I got a totally different model 8gb locked to AT&T. The battery is poor draining down within 6 hours of use and the reception is very poor compared to another iphone 4 I have at home. Do not buy this it is a scam tricking people to buy crappy merchandise.

Purchased two phones and one of the phones was locked with AT&T. Very dissatisfied about this. I understand you take a chance purchasing on Amazon however more people need to be honest about what they are selling.

The main thing we were looking for was a reasonable price for an unlocked iPhone (because we are using it outside the united states), and thus needed an unlocked iPhone with a SIM card.The phone arrived on time, and thus far (after about 3 weeks) all works as expected.The phone was for my daughter who wanted an iPhone (she saved up all her allowance and babysitting money for 6 months...).I personally prefer Android OS, and it's quite a headache having to do all sync'ing through iTunes, but if that doesn't bother you, everything else about the iPhone 4 is great.  IMHO, no need to spend more for the additional power/functionality provided by iPhone4S and later.

I purchased this counterfeit iPhone in Novermber, 2012.  I began to have difficulty with it keeping a charge.  I took the phone to the Apple Care Center.  I was told it was counterfeit, used and not new as iPhone Pros had asserted. Also, the serial was used previously, part of the applications were Apple not all, the entire back of the phone fell off.  The Apple Care Center refused to service my phone because it was counterfeit.  It was falsely advertised as new. I was defrauded and this is a case of fraud.  They have at this writing,  refused to provide an address to return the phone and the telephone listed is out of service.

It was supposed to be "used like new" but I was so disappointed to see scratches on the screen, back and sides. The worst thing is that it doesn't charge, and it's unlocked only in the US. CRAAAAAP.

Who in the hell would pay that much for a damn 3 year old phone definitely not worth the cost I would get it if it was 130 bucks at best but not 400 ripoff!!! And money hungry

Please, follow my advice and don't buy from this seller...I had the Horrible idea of doing so, as a gift for my father-in-law who lives in Argentina, and the dam phone runs as expected, but the speaker is totally dead, so you cannot hear a thing, nor receive any phone calls...I took the phone to an specialized service, but they told me that it is impossible to repair, and that I should buy a new one....Now, I tried to get a re-fund, but since I waited till my father-in-law birthday, the date to return the product is due, and now he has to pay for the shipping from Argentina to the US, to get a partial re-fund... it's amazing...Again, follow my honest advice and don't buy from a seller that sells a product that is broken and does not work!!!!

It wasn't as expected but I've paid another $100 to fix it but it was ok.... Thanks anyway it still came out chipper....

When i first recieved the phone it worked ok for about a week.  Until one day suddently I was listning to some music and then when i went to change the song i notice the screen wasn't cutting on.  It wasn't off because the music was still playing, and that's when i realised that the back light on the screen went dead.It seems that the seller of this product tampered inside phone or dropped in in water, got it working and sold it as quick as possible.I wouldve given this review no stars if I could, cuz now im out almost 500 dollars.Thanks for the scam

Pedi un iphone desbloqueado y me enviaron uno bloqueado no me sirve de nada me estafaron. Nunca compre de este vendedor

I recieverd this today and im quite dissapointed , the selled stated that it was a 16 gb home , it was actually an 8 gb and they also said it would come with earbuds and a gox , it didnt

This is the Best phone you can buy. It has so many features and it is very user friendly. i am just amazed at thethings that it can do. lots of free aps from apple. You should have someone demo it for you.........Gene

It's a great phone i love it thank very much, it's easy to used in love the camera.Great size, confortable and very chick

arrived as described ,,, clean with no scratch \ dent \ or cracks ,,,Unlocked & worked with any SIM card I tried on it ,,,

Nice all im happy with my phone, the selles is so good and very trustable. Thanks you for all .

tremendo iphone, buen producto, funciona todo, buenas app, gran almacenamiento, buena resolucion de camara, facetime call,  rapido, versatil comodo excelente

over all is good,the phone is working well, but a little problem with the sim card tray, its very hardif i want to open the sim card tray, second thing there is 2 blue mark on the screen

This seller is a liar. Sold a phone advertised and priced as &#34;like new&#34; and specifically stated &#34;no scratches&#34;, yet the phone is badly scratched both front and back! This was a gift and I am deeply disappointed. Wish I could give no stars. Beware of this seller.

I ordered 2 iphones that were described as ''brand new''. This was hardley the case. Both phones were in unsealed boxes. One box stated the phone was white ,but that phone was black. One phone did work at all. Both phones were used and the warranties were expired. Neither phone had legitimate serial #s. I spoke w/ the seller and was advised that once the product was returned i would receive a credit on my charge card account with-in 24 hours. Perhaps they were confused again, as it took 8 days. To my dismay i received a call from an individual stating he was a third party trying to restore GOODEALS4LESS rating. That process was yet another disappointment. Sketchy at best.

It was such a good buck completely satisfy.. Good conditions !! Factory unlocked ... The only thing was that the charger of the phone didn't come with the phone but.. Either way that phone worth the money...

Dose this iPhone 4 come with ios7? If not how do I get ios 7 on the phone. sorry I'm new to the iPhone lol :)

Phone came as described with little to no scratches.  But a week after we receive it one of the speaker seem to have been having some problem going in and out.  Which is fine since it is for a 15 year old, who is rough and tough.

It's use very good. I like it because the USB, wall adapter, and headphones all new. ^^ I wish the price lower, but it's okay ^^

It's ok, everything is working perfectly except the speaker is very low. for sure i'll need a bluetooth headset to make it work perfectly.

I am so happy with my purchase of the iPhone 4. I love that I can check my email, play games with friends, check Facebook, etc., on the go. The battery life is great, too. I would definitely recommend this phone. It came in great condition, too!

I am please with the phone working fine I love it I wood tell ppl too bye from this saller

cell phone is okay,but high price. if i got another chance ,i will return this phone back, do not recommend

when i see the phone, just say omg...i love it....it's look brand new for me.the only problem is i have to go to the store to cut the sim card.Because im using t-mobile ,so it's not fit...anyway,i cant wait to use it....good to do business with...thank you so much

I purchased a unit of iPhone 4 from u last August and I ordered for an brand new factory unlocked and everything is fine.It says I can use any Gsm/ international SIm card but when I inserted local Sim card, it doesn't work at all.I ask a phone technician why is my phone not working, even if i inserted the right micro sim card.. he says it's locked to AT@ T when he browse on my settings which I didn't know. Took me a while to realized that the iPhone I bought was Not Factory Unlocked as what you claimed for.He told me to ask the dealer for my iPhone code unlock it.Im so annoyed when i realized that the product i availed  from you isn't the product that you guys mentioned on your website.Please send me the code so I can unlocked and use it.Please send me ASAP.I purchased 2 iPhone.Thank you very muchMaria rosa villa cletAmazon client

The iPhone 4 does it ALL - and it is a rockstar! Even with the release of 4S, the iPhone 4 holds its own. The only thing missing (vs iPhone 4S) is the Siri Voice Assistant, which most people don't use anyway.

Hi. I 'm registered on Amazon since 2007 and this is my first review. Sadly, the item describred and purchased as &#34;BRAND NEW FACTORY UNLOCK&#34; do not match with the item recived from the seller.No &#34;BRAND NEW FACTORY UNLOCK&#34; iPhone 4 come with:- iOS 6.0- Carrier AT&T;- Scratch lines on the metalic sides (like was made by a case)- A lot of Lint on the data conector- Stickers cover serial and item information on the phone box- Missing openning tool of the SIM slot

There are some air bubbles under the screen surface (yes, we removed the protective cover) but other than that its works fine. It was unlocked and we had no problems getting it activated by T-Mobile.It did NOT come with a sim card. If you don't already have a micro sim card you will need to purchase one from your provider. (around $20)

Excellent product. It came with its original box and accessories. The vendor cares a lot about customer satisfaction. I will use this shop aganin.

I was afraid to buy a used IPhone but relieved to receive a phone that was in excellent condition (no scratches), everything works,  and was easy to activate. Most cel phones use a bigger SIM card and all I needed to do was walk into my cel phone carrier 's store and they had a custom SIM card cutter, put it in,and I was in business!!

I would like to say my experience with my new phone is amazing!!! One method I found it  best was to talk to the seller about the phone before buying it. Its better than asking questions under the question forum where one half of the people have had a bad product and the other half have had a good one. Its hard to determine whether you'll get a good product or a bad product by  somebody's own experience. I recommend talking to the seller, they were kind and were very accurate with their product. The seller I recommend is Put Group USA. They seem to be doing pretty good but I had to check for myself. People had been getting locked phones. Mines was unlocked, all i needed to do was insert my T-Mobile sim card. People claimed when updating to ios 7 the phone ran slow. My phone remained the same, it works perfectly. Its not slow at all. The problem is also don't always go with the used phones, because although they may claim they are in perfectly good condition when they tend to be messed with. Just go with Put Group USA, and talk to them first. You won't waste your money :)

One speaker on the phone wasnt working and i was very upset about that.I dont like how it acts very slow

Perfect!!  The phone was advertised as is..looks brand new, no discrepancies and it came right away for standard shipping. I would recommend to buy sim card when purchasing a factory unlocked phone,

The screen went blank and I was told that it has been previously opened and repaired in a very bad manner. Loose screws and the like. It is a mess inside. A bad deal and now I have to purchase another one. No wonder it said " No Warranty". I am very disappointed!

ONCE I GOT MY CELL PHONE I'VE BEEN HAVING TROUBLE WITH IT, THE PHONE HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THE SOFTWARE AND THE SIMCARD READER AND ONCE A I TOLD THE SUPPLIER I HAVEN'T RECIEVE ANY RESPONSE OR SOLUTION, NOW I HAVE AN I-PHONE THAT DOESN'T WORK AND I SELLER THAT DOESNT TAKE RESPONSABILITY.

Phone was defective !  It's NOT new as seller claimed. Paid $319 for phone that has many issues. I went to Apple to fix it and they said device is used and there were a few parts were replaced and they can not fix it, it must be replaced. I contacted seller and said that's not his problem.

I cannot get this phone to connect to WiFi, 3G or wireless phone service even when other phones and computers are fine.  It is on its way back to you.

Great place to shop I will definitely be shopping Here in the future Customer service is Great And very helpful in getting you the right phone you need

I warn all users that this phone y bought on january-2012 was sold as &#34;new from Apple&#34;. I used for less tha 1 year and it started to report constant bugs with the touchscreen. Bared this inconviennience for a couple of months...In april 2013, while travelling to the US, took the phone to an Apple Store (Aventura Mall, MIA-FL) for technical support...The phone turned to be NOT ORIGINAL, it had it's Serial # erased in the inside, and when they tracked its recorded internal Serial # record, it turned to appear as &#34;sold & refurbished on China&#34;...Obviously, Apple did not give any service care or support at all. Abe-123 scammed me...DONT BUY ANYTHING from them...

it has i lot of problems no sound no wifi and heavy scratches and i can not refund it caus i sent it to other country

So far the cell phone works just fine, I just pass a bad experience buying another iphone but this seems ok, came with the original headphones and charger.

The phone was on perfect conditions but the cable and the chargers wasn't maybe because I brought a used phone

Phone works great. Was very easy to download additional apps and use the ones included. The features are exactly as described in the quick study and easy to use. I had no problem transferring my music over- great and ready to go!

Yo ya tengo un Iphone 4 S y he comprado este otro para regal&aacute;rselo a mi sobrino. El tel&eacute;fono llego tal como lo hab&iacute;a pactado el vendedor. Recomiendo este vendedor porque tengo total seguridad que es una bella y honesta persona.

It was a better find for the price, but the terrible &#34;customer service&#34; would be embarrassing for anyone. I had a difficult time trying to set this up with straight talk, so I went with a different carrier. But, it does work, just wasn't unlocked as advertised.

it was really unlbocked, everything is perfecting functioning.i did not have problems.trust this!IPHONE 4 16GB - Factory Unlocked -IPHONE 4 16GB - Factory Unlocked -

I was told that the iPhone I'm getting is brand new, in mint condition, with all original parts. I specifically asked them several times if the phone is brand new, and was told that except for a few scratches, it is.A year later I had an issue with the display, so I attended an Apple Store only to find out that my phone doesn't have its original display, and is therefore unserviceable by Apple. Unfortunately, a repair shop I attended wasn't able to fix it too.These guys blatantly lied (!!) when being asked about their phone, before I bought it of course, and very well knew it didn't have all of its original parts. If I had known that it won't be serviceable, I wouldn't have purchased it from them when there are many other alternatives that do have all the original parts.Deliberately publishing false information is inappropriate, and lying to your customers is awful. I lost all my trust in them and feel I was completely cheated.

I really like the phone, it's in perfect conditions and it's really unlocked, but,the case... really bad presentation and ve no accesories.

So loving and enjoying my new iPhone 4 I'm using it right to leave a feed back and rating .

I ordered an unlocked GSM phone.  The packaging said it was a locked ATT phone.  When opened, it was actually a locked Verizon phone.  ABC was quick to provide return information, and quick to refund (once I followed up after some time had gone by).  All in all, I get the sense that ABC is trying to be a good company but still has some work to do to get there. And I'm still looking for a good deal on a phone but just not online anymore.......

It works just fine, I'm starting to have some issues with the home button and have only had the phone for a month- so that's kind of making me worry.

The qualifications and descriptive warnings regarding this used iPhone did not include all the problems. The recipient of this gift traded it (plus $95) for a comparable and more functional used iPhone 4.

The phone is poor quality. The home button rarely makes contact, and, of course, when that happens I cannot access the home page and therefore no telephone calls can be made nor am i able to access e-mail or voicemail.I use a borrowed phone when I must be away from the house. The phone is a horrible disappointment. It is a waste of money and a source of vexation..

I love the new updates on this phone than the old iPhone 3 but there were a few miner issues n One BIG issue! I've had it now for 3 weeks almost 4, when I got it I was pleased to see they wrapped it up good and was just what the picture n description says it is except the 16 GB it's a 13 n was all in Chinese so took some time changing it since I can't read Chinese n there were no instructions for it. The Mayjor issue is it goes in n out of signal it will go from perfect signal to no signal n drop my calls. Went two days with it saying no signal searching! I've never had that issue til I got this phone! Other than those issues it's a very nice phone. Had no scratches. The screen being smaller I hate but definitely better than my old IPhone. Pictures look more professional n clear love it!

Buying this iphone was my first experience on amazon or any site like this one. When I bought this product I contacted the seller for a non signature delivery and he did it and also protected the iphone with an ICloud password, and the soonest It was delivered to me, He gave me everything I needed to unlock it.But the phone wasnt working good or as it should, so I contacted him again and He told me I can get a refund or a replacement phone, and I took the replacement choice, 5 days after that I got the new one and it works perfect, It looks like this has 1/2 weeks of use, no more, Its great!.So if you're interested on buying something used or new, you should contact this guy!.

The product is excellent as the pictures. It has a scratch in the screen, but over that the iphone it is in good condition.

Very Very Satisfied Thank You. The phone is everything I expected. I love it. Very happy that I decided to get this phone- easy for me to use.

I received the phone in a short amount of time, which was great. However, it came without what the product described. It was just the phone itself, no iPhone headphones or charger. I emailed the seller, and they immediately shipped me both. But when the headphones came, they were broken, not made for the iPhone, and had disgusting yellow buildup on the earpiece. I emailed the seller again and they stated that they would send another--but it's been two months and I've heard nothing and received nothing since.Overall, I would make it clear that you want specifically what is described when you buy the product, and carefully examine it. I was sorely disappointed with the contents of the package--but the phone works great...it's just not what I ordered.

It's my first Iphone and I'm loving it so far. The battery works really good and the phone model is really nice

There was a bit more damage than described, but it works perfectly and is factory unlocked like described. Definitely not disappointing.

Tge Iphone came in it's original box with everything the seller specified would be there. It even had the owners manual. It was charged up and ready to use. and was indeed unlocked as it said it was. I am very pleased with it and I'm glad I bought from this seller. No hassels, on time and what I expected. Thanks!

My friends received this order in excellent conditions and my expectations was covered .. I recommend this product and amazon as your suppiler ... thanks.

I purchase this phone and after having it for a while I have had nothing but problems, and It was not NEW as Advertised on Amazon. I actually had the phone looked at and come to find out it had been tampered with inside of the phone. This is unfortunate because I thought I had a great phone the turned out to be a Lemon. And the phone was not NEW as Advertised.

I am very happy with this iPhone 4. It arrived quickly and in excellent factory condition, ready to set up. I highly recommend it!

The battery drains out in few hours and the phone runs slow even-though I have nothing but few pictures saved!

I BOUTH AN UNLOCKED CELL PHONE BUT I RECEIVED A BAD PRODUCT, A LOCKED CELL PHONE BY ATT.JUST TODAY , THE COMPANY - CELL LOUNGE IND.- DONT SEND ME THE UNLOCK CODE THAT PROMISE ME .THIS IS A GREAT MATTER FOR ME.RAUL

I was looking for a new phone and this one fit the bill perfectly, without breaking the bank! Love it!

The device received soon, and the phone and its accessories are working good.I have been working with it since then, and I like it :)

phone was in fair shape. I could not reach vender when I tried.I tried to call and tried to text

Just as title says it isn't a refurbished one, just a used iphone 4. It has not earphone and charger in the box when I recieved it. And the home botton can not work well, the smartphone is so dirty. I want to return it, but saler refused. I am so disappointed.

The speaker on the phone was not working proberly. I recently took it to get the speaker fixed. I was told it had water damage. I was not happy with this. The phone was said to be in good condition without any damage.

The phone was not new.It didn't contain any thing from its accessories except the charger.It didn't contain its package.It was factory unlocked.

I have purchase this product and I was expecting per the delivery date on March 6 & 11 but product arrive at March 5th which is good but as far as using it I don't know yet as this was a gift to my son have not heard from him delivery wise is excellent

this phone is include nothing ...not include orginal package and phone book///I hate it and this phone is old because I check everything and I see it old

This is a great product. I bought it from &#34;Better Deals FASTER&#34;.Everything was as expected, the telephone was in perfect conditions.

hi, i just bought this phone from amazon .com,delivery  very fast  brand new in box it s working perfectly,ihad  t mobile icanceled ,i switch to sample mobile evry thing good ,thank u amazon

I love apple's gadgets, I also own an iPad 3 and I needed a new phone so I decided to invest in an iPhone. My screen shattered a few weeks after purchasing it.  I had an old touch screen phone that the screen was made of plastic, I feel like apple makes the screens out of glass and really hard to replace so you break them and go to the apple store and pay them to replace it. Lol

I am pleased with this product. It exceeded my expectations to be honest. everything was in its original packaging in plastic. no flaws i love it. thnx alot

why should I buy an Iphone 4 since with the same price I can buy the Iphone 4S unlocked on the apple store?!??!?!?

If you want a good unlocked iphone 4 purchase one from Gadjetguru. The name sounds funny, but my phone came in one time, it was unlocked, and it looked like new. No scratches anywhere. Even though it is used I would say it was new. Only thing is you don't get original packaging.

It is described unlocked, so that I bought it. Unfortunately, It was NOT. I am really depressed, got extra work and pay extraneous money. I won't buy any product from this company again.

I choose this product because I really like smartphones, and well... It's a good one. It's really beautiful and I like its functions. Coming soon, iPhone!

I think their iphone4 is very good.. And delivery soon, service attitude good..reasonable price!!See a lot of the evaluation of the buyers to low.But I think very good!!

I bought a phone with this store a month ago and I never got it. No tracking information and their numbers are not available.I sent them several emails and they never responded. I lost almost 300 dollars.

It's awesome and works perfect  without no problems yet, it has quite and imaginable speed rather than a samsung galaxy that glitches a lot

After initial confusion on my part, the vendor helped us understand that our purchase would meet our needs exactly as we wanted, and it did.

I bought this iphone expecting the seller (Wireless Market) to be truthful about the description -- "used--like new".  I know I am purchasing a used phone, but the supplier should have disclosed that the (1) home button works only half of the time and (2) the iphone edge is heavily scratched.  Amazon should add a new feature to the review process such as the ability to add pictures & videos so I can show the readers (avoiding "he said she said" scenario).  I purchased other used apple products before in amazon without feeling that I was mislead.  Buyers, beware!***Wireless Market accepted the return and reimbursed the shipping.

Phone was in good condition. How ever it was NOT unlocked as stated in the description. Obviously this was hugely annoying and I would. Not trust this destrubuter again.

I ordered the last two brand new Iphones 4 days ago and was told it was preparing to ship for 4 days then I get an email that states my order was cancelled because they were out of stock and I look today and low and behold it show there are 2 Iphones in stock.  Seems a little funny to me.

The person who received this phone is very happy with it. Enough memory space for a lot of music and pics.

I bought a new factory unlocked iphone 4 put your card into your phone and more she could not pull out, actually I could not open the door where you put gsm card! I sent the device back to the seller, and now I am still waiting on their response to the new iphone 4!

I BOUGHT FOR PRESENT FOR FRIEND IN BRASIL & DOES NOT WORKWILL RETURN TO VENDOR WHEN I RETURN FROM BRASIL IN MAY !!!!

good quality shoe all the same colors asexcellent all as I mention, just a detail, the display has a strange part that blends in blue but nothing serious requested due to buying a new good day good year

They failed to tell me that I would be unable to use the back camera. They did not metion this in the description.

There are chick on the upper part of the screen .

The phone is factory unlocked with IOS6.0.But it is not in good condition.1, The charger and data cable are not brand new, they are used.2, Several scratches in the screen.

I know that this product is a &#34;like new&#34; but I was very disappointed to note that the sound does not work well,I advise you to not buy things like that,it is preferable that they are new, people are lying about &#34;like new&#34;Im very sad :(

well i've been having problems with this phone since i bought it from the seller, the first day i received the phone the charger went out on me. now the phone wont take a charge at all. i have not been able to use this phone in a month now. i was told this phone came with a warranty. if so could the seller please give me details into getting this phone fixed so i can use it.please and thank you.

I received The package in time and The product was in ordem. I recommend Thais site . Althought it was a used product it was fine

I was skeptical when I ordered this phone since I needed a phone that was factory unlocked to work overseas later this year.  It is indeed factory unlocked. Worked fine with 2 separate non AT&T sim cards.  Updated to new iOS 6 and still works with other sim cards so it is unlocked no doubt.

Phone was in excelent condition. Had a minor problem with the proximity sensor, but besides that everything works perfectly fine.

ordered an unlocked 4s iPhone got a locked iPhone 4...didn't notice until it arrived at the final destination in the Philippines...too late to do anything but complain...specific to the product...didn't receive what was ordered...family like their 4s phones

The phone is not unlocked

the phone i got wasn't factory unlocked. is was hack by something called rocky raccoon. When I tried putting my sim card in the phone it didn't recognize it at at.

I bought the iPhone 4 when it came out. It was the best on the market then, but since then, things have changed. Apple recently released a new iOS that is not properly compatible with the iPhone 4. It seems they purposely made the iOS too overwhelming, for the sole purpose of making the iPhone 4 outdated. Now I'm stuck with this iOS, and a slow, laggy, useless phone. It wasn't my first Apple product, but probably my last.

The cell phone purchased through amazon, fulfilled with what is offered by the vendor.The device I was given as scheduled.As of this date, it has worked without any problems

One of the phone is not working

Definitely I would recommend this product. This product is user friendly and talking about cost is very competitive with other brands with the same funcionality

After 2 weeks the &#34;home&#34; button stopped working and the charger it came with was sent to me broken and cracked

The phone works well and was unlocked as he said but had a ding on the top left corner. It needed to be cleaned a little. I would described it as almost new with a small ding (it has been dropped)...good condition. The seller shipped it the next day and we received quickly.

I had a bad experience with this product and this seller as I bought iPhone - factory unlocked which is supposed to be SIM free. When I came back in Europe and I tried to insert SIM card, it wasn't able to find a network. I had to take it to the service to unlock it and had to pay additional amount for that. They had to install so called Gevaway SIM, and now every time I switch off and on my phone I have to do several steps as some tricky password to make phone to find network and just to remind you I bought phone as UNLOCKED!

The phone arrive in Excelent conditions! No scratchAnd include all the &iacute;tems!! Recomended!!Aww, my new phone is beautyfull!!

the phone is advertised as a brand new phone factory unlocked. what i recieved was a refurbished phone with obvious work markings on it as if the screen and back had been pryed off before and replaced and my screen has small specks of chipped glass out of it. it was very disappointing to expect new and recieve old and used up.

I am a very god custumer in Amazon.com live in Brasil , my sister live in Miami , by this product but for my ansiety don't work in Brasil , but in the site , the descrition is false , unfortunaly  , is very bad for Amazon and Apple , sorry lcbenthien@uol.com.br

What a disappointment, the iphone 4 did not work. The apple insignia was the only thing that appeared on the phone after being charged. The volume buttons we very loose. Over all this was a used iphone.

I bought an iphone 4 a month ago and at first everything seem to function as expected per advertise.  Beside the minor scratch here and there, front and back no issue.  However, the only issue I have is sometime no matter how I try it, I couldn't get the phone to charge.  Only after 5 or 6 trials then finally it takes it.  I am not sure how long will my phone last if I keep plug it in and out like that.

I'm Happy with my iPhone!!! It's totally original and new. I just don't understand why the wall charger takes too many time to charge the iPhone if compare with another one, but it's OK.

This is a great buy!  Thanks Apple Inc., sorry I took so long to rate your product.  Had a question, and customer service was quick and friendly, would buy from this company again.  Thanks for the great customer service...it's so important!

My husband bought this phone because his old phone had 8GB and he was looking for more space on his phone. So far it works perfectly. Very happy with the purchase

Perfect for my teenage daughter.  Was charged and ready to go on arrival!  No activation problems with it at T-Mobile.

Although it says unlocked, it is linked to AT&T. I called apple, that said I should call AT&T, that said I should call Amazon, that said I should call the provider, that said the phone WAS unlocked. They had me do many tests, still insisted the phone was unlocked, even though I had Apple's and AT&T statements that it was not. Finally I was connected to the manager, who asked me to turn the phone back on 24 hours later - he would try to unlock it through AT&T. Bingo!

The iPhone wasn't working and I had to send it back. The home button, speakers and wifi were not working.

Error of sim car all the time. not recommended.AlthoughI bought ijt few months ago  the warranty had expired.Vendor should have known this.

It is important to know what you want service and access you want before getting this phone.1) Product arrived on time and it great condition. I reviewed comments by other users regarding buying a phone from this seller. I was confused why a new phone would arrive that appeared to be used. So the phone arrived appeared to be factory sealed, but when I opened the box it did indeed have a screen protector on the front and back of the phone. I know from purchasing other iPhones that Apple has a throw away plastic cover that is usually on the outside the phone. This did make me wonder if it was indeed a new phone. I believe that it is a new phone, but measures were done to protect the phone. The seller states this phone is factory unlocked. So the question is did the factory put these screen protectors on while unlocking the phone.2) The phone is unlocked, but there are two models of iPhone 4 GSM & CDMA. You need to evaluate what provider you are using and if you will be using the phone in USA or aboard. I purchased this phone GSM format (comes with micro sim slot) to be used with Virgin Mobile, but as it turns out Virgin Mobile is not compatiable with unlocked phones. I was unaware of the fact that Virgin is locked and does not work with unlocked iPhones there are also issues using the VM phones outside US. The unlimited voice and data for $35 will be missed. No other provider offers unlimited for this price. I wanted an unlocked phone so I could switch providers and do it as a prepaid user. If I had to do it over, I think I would have gone directly to Virgin and purchased the Virgin locked phone. I would have saved $50 for the phone and then I would have a plan that provided great unlimited services. You might be asking why not just return the phone. For me I decided to go to T-Mobile and not buy a data plan. I pay $15 per month for unlimity text. This is a teen's phone so that works for me now. With the unlocked phone I am hoping for a future better plan as my teen gets older.3) The Amazon item showed the white and black phone. The default picture shown was white, but after I purchased the phone I realized it could be black or white. The lack of information about the GSM or selecting the color is problematic. It was a bit scary buying this phone, but if you are flexible then it can be worth it.Overall, my daughter loves the phone and it was really easy to move her number to the new iPhone to T-Mobile.

This IPHONE worked OK for ten days but then it died.  All attempts to re-set/re-start failed.  Apple Store tried and failed as well and thought there was a defective piece of hardware.  Item returned for refund.  Hope that works!

I am satisfied

The phone was exactly as described.  A 14 years little girl is very happy thanks I would buy again honest comments.

The description stated it was &#34;Factory Unlocked&#34; the setting still displayed &#34;Verizon&#34; as the carrier.  The description also stated I would be able to use this phone on any network (Virgin Mobile) unfortunately, I was not.  I purchased this for my daughter's 14th birthday and now I have to return it and order another phone.  Also, The description was mis-leading.  I would suggest Amazon no longer use &#34;WE CELL ELECTRONICS LTD&#34;  to sell items.  I normally do not pay attention to the reviews if Amazon distributes it, this item taught me a new lesson.Amazon gets 6 stars for delivery, I like the pick-up box feature with Amazon Locker,  if leaving a package at your door is unsafe this time of year, this option is effective, convenient and safe.

I ordered 2 of iphone4 16gb1 iphone is as describe... but other one... theres lot noticable scratches around the blade ...  - -*

The iPhone came in excellent condition, works fluently with no problem, the case wasn't the same as apple but who cares the phone works.

works well, no problem, battery like new , unlocked rocks, and any sim card can be used.  Would by from them again.

This phone was everything as advertised, and more. It arrived safe and sound in a factory sealed box and has been operating perfect so far. I would not hesistate to recommend this supplier.

I bought this product for my daughter. After few months of use, the phone started malfunctioning. When she took the phone to the store for repair, she was told, the product was fake. This came to me as a rude shock. Now the phone is packed up. I had to get her another phone. Pity. Be warned if you are buying from this seller.

Great Service, Iphone as advertised: &#34;Like New&#34;,Product arrived on time. It is working like new. VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE

I LOVED THE PRODUCT, IT WAS EXACTLY WHAT I EXPECTED AND MORE...ALSO IS WAS EXACTLY WHAT THE DEALER SAID IT WAS. AND I SURE APPERICATE THEM!

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY WIFE. IT SAID ITS UNLOCKED. WHEN I GOT IT, IT WAS NOT UNLOCKED. I HAD TO PAY $100 TO UNLOCKED IT

The phone came new, but locked on AT&T;, THIS IS NOT FACTORY UNLOCKED. Had to pay for unlocking in order to use with Orange operator in Europe. You can find same model AT&T; for about 320$ ... this was true robbery. The seller lied when described as unlocked.Don't recommend.

Right now I am in Ecuador.. and I bought this product in this store... but later 4 months, this began to fail... when I went to the service center, this product showed a lot of  logos in the mainboard wich indicate me that it has been repairedI am very angry, because I believed in the online store, but they send me a used phone and not a new like they has offered

bytesofdeals sold me what was supposed to be a new iphone. the screen broke after a month. the apple warranty (for up to 1 yr) was expired and when finally got the screen replaced, the technician told me the phone was not original nor had original parts. bytesofdeals offered to reimburse me for the screen but it has been more than a month and NO MONEY has been refunded. this store is not to be trusted and what they consider NEW is actually REFURBISHED!!

The phone is as shown in the picture yet is not factory unlocked. it's set with AT&T and didn't work with my sim card T-mobile. I don't recommend anyone buying from them.

i just bought my iphone with this guy, is my 1 time in shops online, i was so scare to loose money but this guy woooow! im def buying more with him

I would like to write a review to this item because Just like some people that gave 0 stars i was about to do the same...BUT i called Apple Care, and I talked to the manager, and the Iphone i bought IT IS unlocked, Apple care guaranteed me that the phone is unlocked.I gave them my serial number, my model number, and the Iphone is actually unlocked. I just wanted to make this clear because ive read so many bad feedbacks and they dont deserve those.I thought they did but they don't.So, If the Iphone doesnt work you should contact your carrier abroad.

I paid for a new unlocked iPhone4, but I  got a used, and a damaged one to boot. From the beginning the WiFi was poor, until it stopped working altogether. I took it to the Apple store where I was told that the phone is a used one and that the WiFi connectors are damaged. The seller insists that he sent me a new phone, and this is what he wrote: 'The word &#34;refurbished&#34; apple is givin you a new phone instead of you buying it&#34;.I complained to the Amazon and they promised to take care of this.

dislpen me pueden dar respuesta de mi celular iphone 4 que compre y aun no a llegado a liberty express miami ??????????????

The phone was ok. The home button is giving a little trouble to press. I had to buy a new charger because the one I got was not working. However everything else works perfectly.

Had to change out the camera exterior lense because it was too scratched to take a picture and the pic be of quality. It cost me $10 to replace it. Everything else was great.

it was not like he described in both phonesone was v.good and one was so badso he's lier

NOT NEW as advertised by One Thousand & One Dealz. I was suspicious so I took it to the Apple store in Bellevue, WA, to authenticate. Apple store stated in work order form: &#34;Phone is not new and is not serviceable at apple device serial numbers (software and internal) do not match and non apple components found.&#34;

I love the phone. it's up to my standard. it looks very new. However, the package lacked/missed earphones, the pin for opening the sim card box and the phone manual. The  battery's life span is also very short, between 12 to 15 hours. I will very much appreciate if you would provide me with those items to make my phone worthy. otherwise I love the phone. The rating is only because of the missing items otherwise I would have given it a 5 star rating. Thank you so much.The delivery was prompt as expected, well packed, no damage.

It was extremely dissapointing for me when i send the phone as a birthday gift to a person in Argentina and he told me that when he put his cell line chip in the iphone it did not work and after having check with a technical person he was told that the phone was not unlockedAlso, although less critical, is that the iphone was white not black like I ordered.Unfortunately, I do not live in the US so I cannot return the device

we are big fan of apple products, we use the macbook pro, desktops, all the family has the iPhones in use and the ipods as well, but we ordered factory unlocked product, and now we discovered that they sent us a mobile with sim place on the side, which is not very pro. at all.and now we need to ship the item on our cost to the seller, money will not returned in a while as well.....

Great looking iphone. Friendly customer service and support. The phone looks brand new and works great. This is my 1st Iphone ever and I am very pleased.

This Iphone was a pretty good deal actually for the price and condition of the phone itself. The only thing is it didn't come with the headphones or the charger itself, just the phone and the USB cable without the wall charger.The phone is in good shape.

It was a good product just what the company had described and I would recommend this product to anyone looking for am Iphone

Is better more memory in storage but not speed faster in the internet network even thoe I added more data on my service oh the volume down botton don't work

Awsome

its in perfect condition but its not unlocked so i think imma return it because i didnt get it unlocked and that was the point of getting this phone

The phone was almost ok... The only thing that is not working properly is the main button. You have to press really hard to work... =/

The phone is not new. Scratches on the phone and box. Only because I need a phone and I am going abroad tomorrow, otherwise I will definitely return it!

This thing is trash! Avoid Avoid Avoid. Since day one the mic never sounded right! And when it quit and we took it to service, it was all messed up on the inside. New screen, cheap replacement components. I sent the vendor, he said sorry take it up with apple. Bad Bad!!!

The conditions were perfect as promised: no scratches, and unlocked. The microphone was working but you hear white noise when speaking on the phone which was a little annoying.

El equipo fue entregado en el tiempo estipulado, cuando abr&iacute; mi paquete y vi el tlf en perfectas condiciones ya se fue mi preocupaci&oacute;n. Comprar&iacute;a 10 m&aacute;s si los necesitar&iacute;a. Recomendado

Apple stand behind their product with service and tech support.Any one that has any hesitation of owning an I phone should be sure it a fine product.

The iphone does not work. Iphone no signal. Refrain from buying. Seller does not answer my post. Very upset and disappointed. Iphone no coverage.  I've been robbed

I purchased the new iphone 4s as a gift and it arrived opened and quiet obviously NOT brand new.  I took it to an Apple Store and it was confirmed. I returned the item and im still waiting for my full refund.

It's not the best but it's alright  I probably buy the iPhone 5 or something else i don't know. Yup

I bought this unlocked iPhone (until now it's working) but the earphone is not original, the sound quality is terrible and there's no volume control :) . I want the original one!!!

For the price it was good. it has minors signs of usage. the mesh part on the front screen where the speaker is was a ittle dirty. The home button sometimes doesnt work i have to press it in a certain spot but other than that the phone is perfect thanks to youim back on team iphone

The phone doesn't seem &#34;like-new&#34; like how the seller described it. It's slow. Home button doesn't even function smoothly. The USB cord that was included doesn't even work. I'm frustrated with the seller's communication. I reviewed this phone already but it got removed by Amazon...but whatever, I'm over it.

I took some four months to provide this feedback because i thought I should give the device some time to test before saying a word. And so after four months of use, I am extremely pleased with the phone, delivery time and response received from the supplier. I would definitely buy again from the supplier and can recommend them to anyone.

I changed from a very old model of a different brand so the improvement was important .Although I think battery duration seems not to be so good. Maybe improved in more recent models??

Bought it last week and sent it to India as a gift, and NONE of the SIM CARDS work on this phone, it says NO SIM....it says factory unlocked but doesnot work at all...

After two months the phone would not work.  Took it to an Apple Store and was told the phone was not new and that the serial number had been removed.  They refused to work on it.  So I took it to a guy who repaired it, but he said the inside of the phone was all messed up and missing some padding. DO NOT BUY FROM THESE PEOPLE!  It is a total rip off.Update: All the five star reviewers here only have one review - on these phones and they love the company.  Sketchy much?  I called and reported this seller to Amazon. I hope they follow up.  Please do not make the mistake I made.  Buy from Apple the price is just  about the same.

The phone is fully unlocked and works perfectly outside the US. I'm using it in south america with no problems. It's fast and easy to use.

Easy to use all good except battery life othrs phones battery last 2-3 times longer sometime difficult to connect to internet

I've returned it, because of low battery capacity. 1.5 days(36 hr) stand by(without any usage). Less than 1 day when I used just as phone. Seller said it is OK, but the iphone spec shows 200 hr or even 300hr. It looks like they sent me used or defect phone.

I was supprised when  I received this iphone from equick fast. I received it in a box with complete accessories and brand new.As of now I don't have any problem installing some application and it works fine with my sim card. This is unlocked cellphone, i get what they advertised and I'm very happy.Keep up the good work and nice doing business with you.

Scratch at the side of the display! Should have been mentioned in the description, because it is easy to see!

Phone is in very good condition, and works perfectly. My sim card worked right away, the phone is unlocked as mentioned. I highly recommend getting the phone from this seller. The price is also very good.

The phone is locked by AT&T.; I'm actually in Vzla and I have to pay for unlock the phone and use It.The phone Was obviously used and had 2 m&iacute;nimum scratches in corners.Anyway all Other functions work and I cant afford the costs of send It back to USA. That's why I'll keep It.

So depressed the phone doesn't working at all and it's feature that it is unlocked but it's locked and I tried to fix the problem but it doesn't work at all

I am very content with their services. Solved my problem promptly. A company that can be trusted. I recommend them to anybody.

The shipping was expediently fast and the iPhone was in fabulous condition. I could barley see any scratches on it at all, it looks FLAWLESS! I love this phone and I can't seem to get my hands off it. The only thing I didn't like was that the back camera was very blurry and I couldn't  take good pictures with it but the seller was extremely kind and helpful and is helping me get it replaced. Seller is easy to talk to and is always willing to fix any mistakes that occurs l!

This vendor lied me that the iphone was factory unlocked. when I got the phone here and tried to use my sim was not accessible. I had to pay another hard money to unlock it. too bad business with him...

I am completely satisfied about this purchase. The package came quicker than expected in a secure package with everything it needed. At first, I was apprehensive because its such a big purchase. When dealing with private sellers on Amazon sometimes you don't always get the product they are selling. But it wasn't the case with this product at all. The iphone was updated and factory unlocked. No scratches or dings. It is perfect. I would most definitely buy from him/her again! :)

The iPhone is really great. I only wish it has superior hot spot or tethering features or software than android phones or maybe I have not figured it out yet.  Delivery time should improve substanntiialy.

The phone is used. It has a bump on the top. We are original accessories. In case I do not get the tool to remove the simcard and most serious is that with only 1 min of phone use significantly heated.

Exelent condition I'm very happy whith it ........yeah! Arrived on time and it's working like a new one ! the best phone used ti buy in amazon!

I don't hear fine the person I'm talking to. I have to use the speakerphone to hear the person. I'm in the Dominican Republic and It's too expensive to send it back. I went to an Apple Store and pay about US$50 for a replacement of the &#34;damaged part&#34; but the Iphone is working as before. They told me that It looks like It got wet inside.

I got this refurbished iPhone 4 and, once the sim card was installed and, with the telephone assistance of the customer service dept. at Tablet Distributors, was able to activate it and even keep my former T-Mobile phone number! I really appreciate the assurance of knowing that help is just a call away.

Excellent phone- I was using iPhone 3G before and this one is a huge improvement; next target is iPhone 4S. Only downside is its fragility

Just as described...it looked new out of the box and included the manual, cable and wall charger.  I just put a Straighttalk sim card into it and it worked perfectly.

Disappointed!The phone's home button does not work properly! There are many scratches on the screen. It is not &#34;like new&#34; as described!

I was searching for 4s but too concentrated in the price that I mistook the title. However, the product works well, worth this price. Delivered so fast that I was surprised to received it before the earliest estimated date. And also, the service is good, they did all they can to bring me this satisfying experience of purchasing something from the internet. Thanks.

Everything was ok, but it was Not unlocked! Had to unlocked the phone! But except for that all is fine

I bought this Iphone 4 from an Amazon supplier (Unitedsales)as unlocked  and "brand new". The display  started to fail about 3 months after the purchase. I took it to an Apple Store to check it and, "surprise", t it wasn't brand new, it was sold in 2010, also  the serial number on the box in were it came, was different from the one on the Iphone, also they told me that the display was not an Apple display. United Sales didn't recognize anything.

The phone looked brand new even though it was used.  I sent it back only due to my mistake of thinking I had ordered a iPhone 4S.

Everything was just perfect. Purchase process, shipping, tracking and finally, the product arrived perfect condition.The product was new and unlock....just perfect.  see you eventually for a I5

MY FAMILY LIKES THIS ITEM, I WILL MAYBE ORDER IN THE FUTURE POSSIBLY IN THE CHRISTMAS SEASON OR NEW YEAR

I am fully sati9sfied with the phone. Thanks.

it was a bad service beacuse the Cellphone was bad, damage... the wifi conection doesnt work never.i think that celler was a bad person, to cell that bad phone.

This will be my first iphone if i get it but i was wondering if this iphone has a sim card slot

good afternoon my dear inform you that the iphone arrived in good condition with all accessories and works excellent is the latest update iOS application

Even in December 2013 still a good phone! And against any other comments: IOs 7.04 works perfect on the phone.

The phone is unable to take videos and the camera quality is poor. I was not happy with the phone overall

Excellent shape, works well, unblocked, all fine with product, delivery on time, and very happy overall with the use and performance.

All according to the agreement, fulfilled all my expectations, I am very happy with the operation, I will make other purchases

have some problems with zoom , doesn`t work , sometimes yes sometimes no , i have to send to repair

It was open and wifi doesn't work!when I make the order they told me it is like new but that is not true.

The seller of this iPhone said that the iPhone was factory unlocked. Unfortunately, I come to know that the iPhone is not unlock when it came to me. I am very disappointed. I spend nearly $50 to do the unlock the iPhone. I will never order again from the same seller.

So, I wasn't expecting perfection of the device before I ordered or received the device with it being a used phone. This was a monumental misconception. Although I don't know why some of the stickers were directly on the screen that left a temporary residue, I'm not going to be a curmudgeon about it because it's all peaches and gravy now. Would buy from distributor again.

IPhone does not work so far , it's not unlocked factory , Cover is not goodI will not buy from him  again

the iphone is a great phone but I hate that Im buying a phone and the seller send me a phone with the audio jack not working...better say when I plug the earphones in the iphone, the iphone doesnt recognize the earphones now i have to buy a new audio jack electronic with the risk my iphone get injury in other pieces I should put 3/5 but the other things are working great

I order a factory unlock iphone 4 and I received a lock phone and I wasn't too happy about this

this is my second phone iPhone from these seller.The first was a return because the home button does not work.I order my second unit from the same seller and was problem with the home button and charger cable damaged.i do not returning the second unit because i give it as a gift.waste of money and time.

The Black IPhone 4 16GB received was exactly as described, like new, and was shipped and delivered in no time. Was intended as a gift, but the recipient actually wanted a white phone. Upon request, seller accepted to exchange it for a white 8GB model which also matched the description and was shipped in no time. Gift recipient finally decided to keep the initial black IPhone 4 16GB. Seller agreed to have the white IPhone returned and fully refunded. Thanks again Aytamga for great products and customer service!

I payed for a new phone form Amzone and they sent me used one. On and off swith on top of the phone don't work properly. The charger don't work at all. The phone number they provided are not good either so I could not contact them. For urgent family issue, I had to leave out of country for sometime and did not had much time to retruning process...

The seal of the white Apple box containing the iPhone was peeled off and resealed. Obviously the box has been opened by the seller. There is a plastic cover on the back of the phone but no cover on the front screen. The earphone is not the Apple's original earphone, with wire much thinner than Apple's original ones, with no volume control, and looks very cheap and very easily to be broken under stretch. I think that's why it is sold a little cheaper.

I purchased this phone as &#34;factory unlocked&#34; when it was brought over to Cameroon where I live i found the phone the phone was locked too much trouble to get it back to the US so am really disappointed in Amazon especially as I am a Prime member so lets see what you have to say amz

One of the speakers do not work and the phone does not ring when someone calls... I have tried all the settings in the phone and I still get then same result. Other than that the phone works great!

My phone came in awesome condition, it was unlocked and all the accessories came with the phone. Really happy with my purchase if i ever need another phone would definitely buy from them.

It arrived fast and well packed with no imperfections. The only thing I found wrong with it was that it was extremely dirty. There was crap caked in the speakers and all the other crevices, but nothing that I could take care of with a dry tooth brush.

The iphone 4 burned the back plate after using it for 5 month, I took it to a cell phone repair store and the told me that the phone looks like it was refurbished.The phone got really hot and the back cover crashed

the phone i receive was suppise to be brand new however the back had several cracks and the charger dont work

Good purchase, only one complains!The items arrive on time as the vendor promises, the 2 units (IPhone 4), arose in order, the only complaint is that they came without the plastic in the box, it seems that they are not brand new ones items, indeed one of them I found installed some no factory programs.In both of them I had to be actualize with the latest version of its operational program.Nevertheless I put 4 stars.

It stopped working on it's own. Won't turn on, asks to be reset to factory settings, and won't work when I try to do so.I tried getting it fixed at apply, and they said there are 3rd party parts in it so they aren't allowed to work with the phone or take it as payment for a new one. Thanks a lot.Don't buy from these guys.

thank you i have got more then i ordered the phone is so nice so i gave it to my wife and got a 4s for me thank you and will be telling all i know about thus deal

its amazing phone its one of its kind love it so far very quick pics clear i recommend for anyone interested especially if you like text and music

No hassles phone arrived in shape, on time and works. That's what we wanted. Can't say anything went wrong with this order.

Condition was good. I have been using with T Mobile. No 4g with this model. I got this phone because Sprint did not work inside the building I work at, and this phone is getting better signal.

I really like it. Its more than what i had expected. Thanks a lot. I highly recommand to buy your stuff from this guy without any hesitation.

IT IS A NOT NEW PHONE, WHEN I GOT IT IT DIDNT COME IN ITS ORIGINAL BOX AND THE BACK PART OF IT KEEPS FALLING OUT CAUSE THE TWO BOTTOM SCREWS ARE MISSING!! And IM IN ANOTHER COUNTRY SO I CANT RETURN IT!

The left speaker does not work, and there are a few scratches on the front that were not described. But the phone works.

Got the package on time and the phone was as advertised.The only gotya was that I had to convert a regular SIM in to a micro-SIM.update (5/17/2013)Changing my review to a 1 star as the phone stopped working after just 6 months of use. I can't make out going calls at all. It is just good for receiving calls. I wouldn't recommend these guys if the phone you buy is just good for 6 months or so.

I'm not hip to all the new features of the newer iphones but for what I use it for it's just great. I paid $320 and it worth every penny. I got service with no contract and I love it. The MMS doesn't work with every service check the iphone website before you pick a service.

It had a sound problem and when I went to apple store, they said there was no warranty on it although I purchased it less than a month ago.

never thought it would happen to me - victim of a con artist.  was so excited for my first ever iphone that i never thought to check the IMEI # when i first received it.  Who does it anyway?  so i found out that the phone wouldn't work, sent it back (PISSED that i had to PAY to send the stupid thing back), then to receive an email from the buyer saying he won't refund me because it was a different phone that i sent back and that he had pictures to prove that it wasn't the same IMEI #. This con man really thought he could get away with it! Nyah nyah!  Hope you go to jail.  Thank God for Amazon's A-Z guarantee.

I bought this as a new unlocked iPhone and after 5 months it quick working. I thought no problem I'll take it to the Apple Store where I discovered it had a previous owner (purchased 2 years earlier) and had non-Apple replacement parts in it.

Para ser usado, esta en excelentes condiciones. Detalles de pantalla y en la parte de atras en cero... todo funciona bien. Excelente compra

I purchased this item and it is not working in 2 months, when I try to return it and it pass the date to return through amazon.I will try to avoid buy electronic here, I will go to Costco instead so that have more guarantee.

the Iphone was as you said... thanks, it was deliver really quick! I would recommend you for other sales !!

I read the reviews after I ordered my stuff. I was little bit upset after I read those reviews. But when I got the stuff it was brand new with pack sealed.ThanksChok tumbapo

Do not buy. Thought I was getting a brand new iphone received a refurbished one although it was a 32 gig and not a 16 gig it was not new it was refurbished. I have had all sorts of problems I would not recommend buying this phone.

The phone has a bad antenna and does not receive a signal.  T-Mobile worked on it for an hour and the phone would not pick up a wireless signal or a signal from the router inside the store.

To my disappointment, an iPhone 8gb was delivered to me even though I purchased an iPhone 16gb.The seller's policy states that they will only ship you the right one when they receive the wrong one back in their facility, leaving all the risk and &#34;inconvenience&#34; to the customer.I had no choice but to settle for the iPhone 8gb under protest.

the mobile sent to me with out box with out any accessories with charger with head phone with defective power bottom and defective light sensor and scratched monitori hate it and refund my money

what color is this iphone? is this iphone white or black?please reply as soon as you can i need to know very soon

I recently purchased an I phone 4 for a friend. The phone when received was above what was expected. The package included everything that was in the listing, but arrived before the Christmas holiday. Overall I am very pleased with my purchase and look forward to future purchases from the site.

I'm very happy with the phone and the service.I received the the phone in a great condition as it was promised.TOTALLY RECOMMEND

Although this phone can be unlocked, I still had to pay an extra fee for it to be liberated. Since I am in a foreign country it has become even more complicated. Perhaps I didn't understand what unlocked means but it certainly wasn't what I had thought.

Great phone!

The product is new as stated by the supplier all item that go with the phone is there. the product was properly pack and most of all I received it very early. way to supplier..

Iphone i bought said to be factory unlocked,,but it actually not!!cause me problems cuz the iphone4 is for my mom to use in HONGKONG!!!LiAR!!

the iphone is working properly but the screen is badly damaged externally, apparently never had protection, this is bad, if that had been protected would not have stripes on the front.

This unlocked iphone 4 works well in my hand. I got it as second hand, so I knew that it may not with good outlooks. There is too much scratch than what I expected. But anyway, I just care how it works, but not how it looks. So, it is really good for me.

Got it on time!, I simply love it, excellent conditions, factory unlocked, as expected. No damage, no scratch, works on any cell phone carrier/sim card.

bad product, buy it I get no box, no headphones, with stripes on the screen do not recommend it, and incidentally that the phone would not turn me sold a phone bone damage, and incidentally had already been repowered

Onte the cell phones received has a problem in the device that catchs the signal.During all this time  it was revised, and finally I ahve to make an appointment with the Technicla Service of IphoneUnfortuantely in Argentin ther is no Apple Store or Technical service,So I have to see how do I have fix the situation

The IPHONE and all included items were in perfect conditions, new has I have purchased and I had no problems in putting it working. In addition this is my first time using an Apple mobile phone and I'm just loving it. After the 2 days I had already managing it very well and if you use also Apple laptops, this is definitely the best option to use as a cellphone because you can easily share folders, music and other documents between the 2 electronics.

you can only use with att since i had just signed a 2 year contract with verizon i cant use it nor can i resell it since the next buyer would have the same problem

Bought this for a missionary to Africa. Looked fine when we got it (sat in the box until right before he was to leave the US). When he went to have it set up for the country he was going to the tech said not only was it not new but it had previous water damage. Amazon is trying to make it right but beware of this seller.

I buy repair and sell iPhones, I also buy the unlock for my customers and make sure their iPhone is factory unlocked, sometimes I see an already unlocked iPhones coming to me for unlock due to lack of knowledge of bypassing the iTune activation window after the phone was restored, If your iPhone is Unlocked please don't hesitate to setup iTune/apple store account, sometimes it's life sever, although there are some other way to go around activation, the easiest way is to connect your iPhone to iTune and activate it after restoring it to factory setting.If you couldn't pass activation window it doesn't mean your iPhone is NOT Unlocked, the only way you will know wheather or not is is unlocked is if you will manage to pass that screen and try to use a none AT&T; in US Case SIM and it gives you "SIM Card Failure" I just had an iPhone on my desk last night from one of my customers who couldn't pass activation window so he had to pay $20+ to unlock it. Let us be open to the challanges technology brings to us before blaming some sellers.

Brand new, and it works after I put my foreign SIM card. But the home key does not work well, I have to press it several times before returning to the desktop.

Purchased it for a relative and have already got it running with all the apps wanted, it works very well and do recommend it to others especially for traveling internationally with the simm card that can be changed out depending on the service or country to visited.  This seller was very on top of the purchase and shipment to insure all went as expected, thank you.

I chosen this rate because I didn't receive the product according my purchase order #112-5705624-3917863. - Product Features: IPhone 4 Factory UnlockedPer its specification the unlock iphone would work with all Company, since is an unlock phone.Unfortunately I received an Iphone 4 locked and unlocked only by AT & T.I tried to enable the Iphone in Brazil and we were informed that it is locked.I recommend careful when buying this product outside your country.

I do not like Iphone.  It is a gift.  Hope they like it.  I tried a little bit,  guess I like my android phone better

Liars. Please don't buy that product. This phone is not unlocked! It says it can work ony with AT&T!!! It wants additional 100$ to unlcok ot!!! Liars! Worst seller!

The company, Mobile Group USA, got this to me in two days, as promised. The product was unlocked and brand new in original  hermetically sealed box. I had a problem in that I thought I ordered an iPhone 4S, and the company called me directly to rectify the problem. They have excellent customer service, with real people who care about their company, better than any company I have dealt with in the past year. I definitely recommend their company. Also, just be careful you look closely at your order as it may be you tha make the mistake in your ordered item, not them. GO MOBILE GROUP USA!!! KEEP IT AMERICAN!!!!

Ordered two for my wife and me.  They look like new, work like new and the price was right.  I called the seller prior to ordering and was actually able to speak to a real, live person who was able to answer my questions.UPDATE: About a month after receiving our phones, mine developed (or I first noticed) a microphone problem, apparently not uncommon for the iPhone 4. Following my failed attempt to diagnose/fix the problem via Internet tech forums, I contacted Paragon R3 for advice.  Their reply: "We need to replace your phone."  They promptly provided a link to obtain authorization and a pre-paid FedEx label. Paragon did not quibble over the warranty and their personnel were consistently polite and helpful.  I now have my replacement phone and all is well.  If I could give Paragon's customer service six stars, I'd do it!

I received this phone in good condition. Interestingly enough, it already had the film fixed to its screen and back. Which i thought was great, coz it saved me the trouble.I initially ordered it thinking it was iPhone 4S, coz thats what i had before, but later after receiving it i noticed it is iPhone 4. Which is just fine, as long as it works.Cant complain.

I had to pay an extra 50 bucks to get this phone unlocked. It was not unlocked like advertised. A rip-off.

It was working exceptionally, but then all of the sudden yesterday it started blacking out on me and flickering. It would get really hot and then do so. I have only had it for a month, so I am not too happy to already see glitches in it. I was afraid it was going to die all together! However, I do have it in a wood case, so there is a chance that the case may be the reason for the overheating. On the other hand, other than the occurrence of yesterday, it has been a really good phone.

Everything is great. My ONLY issues is that my camera doesn't work at all!!  So other then the fact I have to shell out more money to bet it fixed, the phone is okay.
