
Alright Amazon, here is my cleaned up review without any pseudo-profanity. I wouldn't want to offend any old ladies or teach any new words to the chillen's. It's just difficult to express how burned I feel on this purchase without a little harsh brusqueness, but here goes.This was an upgrade from an LG Optimus V which was my first Android phone. The LG was a great phone and I was mostly happy with it, but it was woefully short on RAM and built-in memory, so it was always complaining that it was out of space. It got so that there were no more programs I could uninstall or move to the SD card. So I went all out for the Motorola. The Triumph has a great form factor. It's thin with a nice large screen with great resolution. And it has plenty of RAM and onboard memory. AND it has a decently fast processor! Animation and response is good. So why do I blankity strongly dislike this blasted piece of stuff??1. Touch sensitivity - Sometimes it is as sensitive as it should be and you can lightly brush your finger to scroll or gently tap the screen. A VERY GOOD PART of the time, at random, it ignores your presses and swipes and you end up angrily and repeatedly STABBING at it and SCRAPING your finger over it. I never had this problem with the LG.2. Network connectivity - I have used several wi-fi devices at home, from my old LG phone to my Kindle Fire and asus netbook. They have NEVER EVER had any trouble connecting to the house wi-fi. This stupid thing very very frequently can't even turn on the wifi and and just says 'Error' in the wifi status. Solution - yank out the battery, pop it back in and reboot. Then it works.Sometimes, not very often thankfully, it can't even connect to the PHONE NETWORK!!!!! SOLUTION?? Yank out the battery, pop it back in and reboot. Then the network magically reappears. And no I never had this problem with the LG.3. Randomly reboots itself. While sitting alone with nothing touching it. Hmmm, the LG didn't did this either. Wow!So hey, I'm still using it, since it cost me mucho dinero less than six months ago. But I have to think that Motorola isn't trying or doesn't even care about putting out a quality product. I don't buy Apple iProducts, but I know 'gosh-darn' well they would never release anything as shoddy as this. There are so 'golly-dang' many Android phones out there, they are like commodities where we only judge them on specs, expecting them to all behave the same. But that is FAR FAR from the truth. They all have their own hardware quirks. I can't wait to switch to something better and I will never buy another Motorola because of this thing. Don't get suckered into buying it by the people who can't admit how much they hate it because the cognitive dissonance from their buyer's remorse won't let them. Thanks for reading my review. I hope it wasn't offensive to anyone with a delicate disposition :)

Bigger than my last phone and it got to me early than expected. I rate it this phone 5 stars.

So I git the motorola triumph from virgin mobile a while back and wanted to write a review after owning it for a while.  Here goes:Pros: Large screen clear has no weak spots or dead pixels- Has a decent processor that can handle most anything I throw at it.  I have watched 720p hd movies without a issue.  The apps available are handled with ease.- Wifi works well with the phone. It automatically picks up when I get home without an issue.- Call quality is good for this phonE.  I come through clear and the speaker is responsive.- Phone is easily rotable.Cons: Battery time.  As this is an android it will suck up power.  You can expect about 3 hours of websurfing and 5 hours of standby time (combined in one charge) on the stock baytery.  I bought a 2200ma battery from ebay and get about 12 hours of moderate use on one charge now.- Light seepage from lower left corner of screen.  For me this is only evident when I unlock the phone and only for a second at that.Overall. I would recommend this phone.  Do yourself a fwvor and spring the $15 for a aftermarket bayyery. Get a solid app-killer to save more battery and you will love this phone.

I have nothing bad to say about this phone.  It is extremely fast, durable, and easy to use.  The setup is fast also.  You can't be dissatisfied with this amazing device. Even more unbelievable, i ordered the phone for 3-5 day shipping, and it arrived on my porch in under 24 hours.

My Experience with this phone since I have owned it for 6 months:1) Poor antenna design (constant poor signal)2) Screen flickers on logon3) Bad call quality4) Drops 3g and wireless LAN connections(couple times a day have to manually open a  browser then data will flow again email sync etc)5) Screen easily scratched6) Very short battery life (2-3 hours)7) Touch screen  intermittently unresponsive8) Phone randomly prompts to be activated (no calls or data when it gets stuck in this mode)9) Phone randomly gets stuck in bootloader mode10) Phone randomly rebootsConclusion: Worst android phone I have ever owned. Looks great on paper but is a very annoying and unreliable phone.

Love this phone. I have owned 1 Iphone and numerous other phones, a few of them smart phones and this blows them all away. That said though I Modded it to cm7 Gingerbread the first week I owned it which took me 4 hours of mostly learning process but really added significantly to features and usability.I love it's multitasking, big crystal clear screen and android apps. The only thing I hate about it is the battery life.. Horrid. Plan on having chargers for home, work, and car.

I bought this phone during black friday last year and it is the worst phone I have ever had.  The features on it are awesome, but the battery life is terrible and the operating system is awful.  Android 2.2 is the worst of Android's OS, so never buy this phone.  I have gone through 3 of these phones.  Virgin Mobile keeps sending me more of these phones, but I think I've had enough and I think I want to upgrade soon.  2 of my 3 phones(so far) have had problems with the phone shutting off by itself.  Another problem with the phone lighting up as a completely white screen where you can't read anything on the screen.  I've thought to myself of throwing my phone off of a bridge, but I realized that I wouldn't be able to call anyone then for some time. Just do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this phone.  I don't care how low the price goes down on it for black friday, it doesn't matter.  It is that big of a piece of crap.

Lots of memory included to allow installation of all the Aps I need. Nice large screen. Good battery usage. Big improvement over the Samsung Intercept (but I do miss the slide out keyboard). Virgin mobile (Sprint Network) pay as you go plan is the best deal in town.

Unfortunately I purchased this product 3 times!  Each time the phone arrived, something was wrong with it.  I sent for another and returned the phone thinking that I had just gotten a dud.  Wrong.  Apparently, they are all duds!  the first time, the microphone didn't work properly and the person called couldn't hear me talking.  the second phone's camera wouldn't focus and was un-useable.  the third phone did a number of wacky things including blacking out and the touchpad only working sporadically.  Since this is supposedly the best (at least the most expensive phone) from Virgin mobile, your other choices are slim, but i have switched to the Optimus V and am having no difficulties yet.  Once again, do not purchase this phone.  3 duds in a row can't be just coincidence.

I purchased my Triumph phone on Feb. 14, 2012. I got it because a guy I worked with had one and I was just floored by the pictures it takes compared to the Rumor II phone I had, in additition to nice video as well. 5 mega pixels. This is my first phone with real usable internet service. It's kinda slow at times, but I think in my area, the signal is very weak, making internet very slow. I have used the phone in areas with 4 bar antenna strenght, and both 3G arrows on, and speed is great.After about a year of use, it did not want to charge unless I played with the charger plug in order to get charging light on, then after a couple months of that it would not take charge at all. I cleaned out the charge plug of all the dust and dirt, and it started charging, but that repair only lasted a week or two before it failed again. I purchased 3 batteries from amazon, and a charger that charges batteries on the wall, and just change batteries when they die.Phone reception can be great to awful. Usually bad calls are due to low signal, and most times, people using cheap junk phones on the other end that transmit blurred audio due to cheapness.I don't mess with most of the apps that come with phone, and when updates come in I don't accept, due to taking up too much space. The message will come up "Low Space", so inless I use that app, like useless, silly, facebook screw it.For my use its been a good phone. It will be 2 years old on 2/14/14. If I can get 2 years out of a cell phone I can't complain about the phone. Its been banged around and dropped alot, and at worst, all I had to do was pull battery and fire it up again.This phone isn't available anymore from virgin, so I'm thinking about going with an HTC phone when this one hits it's second birthday. I'll pass this phone on to someone else.Overall I have been happy with Triumph phone. It has its moments of being touchy, but I just reset and get it going again. It's not the end of the world as some reviewers think, and give it one star. I would get another one, but this phone can't be upgraded to 4G. But overall a 4 star phone. Thanks...

This is my first smartphone ive had it for a while now amd it has all the the bells and whistles and its a steal at this price on amazon.

Had mine 18 months now and no complaints! Wish they would come out with the next version so I don't have to switch manufacturers. when it is time.

phone works great. i havent had any problems like other people. you can expect it to take up to a week to get it activated. phone i got wasnt registared in virgins system so that took a week to get it corrected. other than that the only thing i can complain about is the battery sucks. only lasts about an hour of use. if that. with gps and wifi turned off. and only lasts 4-6 hours off charger not used also with gps and wifi off. going to get a extended life battery to see if that helps

I got my Motorola Triumph on December 2011, at first it was working perfectly fine, no problems. But after a while I cracked my screen. My port also, doesn't work, meaning it won't charge and that's a big issue ( I don't know how to fix that) ? . I still need to fix it. But the rest is really good camera, speaker, video quality, pretty fast, and it doesn't lag.

Being that this is my first smartphone, I'm not the most enlightened person when it comes to these things.BUT, that being said, I absolutely love this phone.I upgraded to this from the Kyocera "Wildcard" and never looked back!The front facing camera is great for video chat via Tango, and the 5MP camera/HD Camcorder is, well, AWESOME.One thing I will say, is that I'm disappointed in Motorola for deciding not to offer an upgrade beyond Android 2.2 on this phone.The battery life, according to VirginMobile is about 4 hours under use and 3 days on standby. I haven't left the phone alone long enough to know if that's actually the case, but I definitely don't have to charge it every 4 hours lolIf you're looking for a great smartphone, without having a contract (I will never understand those...), GET THIS PHONE.

I bought 2 of these. Both could not activate to the network for some reason. Rumors of light leakage and poor GPS are true (only 1 of the phones I got had leakage and when it did it was in BOTH corners and not just 1 like others have said). GPS is either slow or does not work, but works on occasion. Customer support is not helpful at all and will tell you they will fix it days later. Don't believe it, just return the phone. If you're fortunate to even activate it and have a working GPS and not have any of the other reported problems with this phone, then it is an otherwise GREAT phone. It's up to you to take the gamble and I lost twice.

By far the best large screen android offered for Virgin Mobile customers. If your one who needs reading glasses like me this is the phone for you. I do recommend buying extra batteries like the 3 pack with the external charger from ebay from Japan or China. Is only about 15 dollars. The phone does use batteries like candy. But the Gps is Great accurate and fast. Screen is bright and clear and is very responsive. If you plan to switch out batteries like I do I recommend you take off the back battery plate and get a semi rigid phone cover for about 5 bucks on ebay. I change the battery up to two times a day charging it on external charger. A wireless phone should be wireless. Keep the extra batteries in wallet. This phone makes the samsung intercept look like trash. Being Virgin mobile does not have anything of this screen size to compare to nothing bad can be said about it. Just make sure you buy your bluetooth and window mount for this phone it works great with one. Do Not buy the flexible wired mount make sure its the plastic secure mount can be found on amazon or ebay.

the one with the most toys gets a platinum star...this is a good phone handy device it is fine for what it does and it works...virgin mobile is very good too any situations they are there to help you 24 hours a day and your plans and talk times and all things wow wow wow you save money...check it out today

The phone had some good specifications, but that's about it. The phone had a leak of light on the left bottom corner and was really distracting. Apps did not run as smoothly for a the processor that the phone has, and some apps crashed often, I know that is something that the app developer should take care of, but the compatibility is what I'm getting at, why make apps for a phone that is not fully supported. Although it runs 2.2 froyo (the most common Android version) it makes me wonder when will, if ever, get a new update? Overall it leaved me asking for more, I know my opinion is bias since I'm a Apple fan boy, but I thought to give a try to Android: I know now I will not try any  android products any time soon, unless they are in the Nexus line.

Phone was glitchy out of the box. The notification bar that slides down would appear for no reason.  One week and earpiece and speaker went out.  So I thought.  Plugged headset in and suddenly everything worked.  Week two and screen started turning red.  Then the screen didn't work at all.  Sent it back and purchased the HTC Evo One V.

I know there is a lot of different opinions about this phone. I love it myself it is very fastAnd quite staples. Games are fantastic on this phone, the graphics are very good I love the way d screen appears on this phone. Images are very clear and sharp, but I must be honest I have had issues with my gps. I hope in the near future updates will correct it. I did not buy this phone for its gps, I got it for what its made for a smart phone. My internet is very fast, I have not had any calls dropped, the touch screen is very sensitive.I don't think the phone deserves a bad review that so many have gave it. It's a great phone and I'm very happy that I made the choice on the motorola triumph. I have only had my phone a couple days as I continue to get my settings right the phone is getting better and better. I love the way my touch screen response, there is certainly no lag in this phone. As I said the phone is very fast , and responsive.

Purchased this item direct from Virgin Mobile. I have had it for 1 1/2 months. Could not be happier. Also left AT&T; plan at almost twice the cost. I am on the East Coast and I have had coverage everywhere I go. Since the system version was a bit older than other phones I was looking at, I had my concerns. It turns out I was able to root the phone with a newer Andriod version so I have all the features I could want.  You can search online for how to do this yourself.As far as how I use it: I use this as a phone, instant messenger, and an alarm clock every day, as an internet browser when I am away from my laptop probably 4-6 times a week, and as a camera a few times a week when I forgot the real one.Camera is great. Much better than our older Razor and very easy to use.Phone is easy to use as well. I think this is a much better set up than the Samsung Galaxy S I tested through Sprint.So far battery has been fine. I had one day that I cannot explain where the battery was charged overnight and by the end of the day it was almost dead. I have not had the problem since.I really appreciate the no slip grip on the phone. A feature I would have never thought to add that makes so much sense. Now, I don't think it will slip out of my hand any moment.Keypad works fine. I think my wife likes it better than I do. I joke that it must be designed for a woman, but she has better luck with the keystrokes whereas the opposite was true with the iphone - she could not get it to type proper for her, but it worked perfect for me. To each his / her own , I guess.We do not have insurance on the phone nor have we had any major problems so I cannot speak to that, but again so far, it is much better in terms of price of the data plan, and as an old Apple fan from way back, painful but true, just as good as an iphone (if not better) for our purposes.

It Has Some Flaws But Overall I Love It And I Got It N Feb The 22nd So Yea It Can Be Annoying Sometimes But Ull Like It Take Good Pics And Apps Run Smoothly And Goooood Video Quality It's A Attractive Fone And Big Wich I!Love

There has been a lot of mixed reviews over this phone. There are so many aspects to this phone to consider.  It seems there are a lot of bad devices being sold, but I have been pretty fortunate. At the moment, besides a few gripes here and there, I'm not crazy about the battery life and when in maps I sometimes have trouble getting my location.  However, the phone is pretty nice, decent size screen, feels pretty good in the hand, has flash, nice color on the screen, pretty good keyboard (coming from someone who is used to a physical keyboard) and some pretty cool apps.  Pretty hard to sum up the phone in a review, and my opinion may change. All in all this is a nice phone. Let me know if you have any questions

Works great for a few weeks. EVERYTHING goes bad. Went through 3 of them in 5 months, everyone became useless in one way or another. Battery life is horrible with minimal usage. Don't do it!

Going to my first prepaid smartphone after using an Iphone is a decision I do not regret, but selecting this particular phone IS.  Let me first preface this by saying I am not a tech wizard, just a normal student who is looking for a functional smartphone.  I will not be spitting stats, processing times, or any technical jargon at you in my review.The Good:Android OS is much more flexible and less campy than the Apple's.  I have often heard that there is a serious lack of app availability with Android, but I honestly didn't notice going from one to the other.  The phone is sleek and small and the touch screen is responsive.  The ability to link up to your google account is quite nice.The Bad:Where to began...  The biggest flaw by far is the battery life.  Removing the phone on a full charge at 10 am and not looking at it all day other than to check the time and it will be dead before it hits the charger again at midnight.  That's what GPS off and very, very light use.  Standard use, a few apps per day and GPS on and it will barely make it to evening.  Absolutely unacceptable.None of the default e-mail programs allow you to switch outside of your inbox.  There is no way to insert a photo or video from the default text interface, instead you have to do it from the photo itself by manually entering in the contact or their number (what a pain).  The battery cover is really easy to remove by accident (I would recommend a phone cover to alleviate this).  The screen on/off button is on the top left, juxtaposed with the volume button creating a potential to accidentally turn the sound on without really knowing it (a nightmare for a student in a quiet class room).  The home and return buttons sometimes fail until you shut the screen on and off again.  The phone speaker is FAR worse than the speaker phone, which is totally backwards (crackly, lots of volume range issues).App removal, wifi, app settings, and loads of commonly accessed options can only be reached via settings in a very non-intuitive system.

I've had 2 of these phones (one rooted one not) for a month now and these are the things I've found out.Battery life profile:Internet 5ish hours10 min callLots of textingand games like word with friends.by mid day I'd have to charge.Note** Maps takes up a lot of power.Dislike:1. Privacy setting is limited with no option to deselect automatic backup etc. The only thing you can do is do a factory reset, so when I  was done using an app (like Google  Maps) and I wanted it to stop u/p and d/l from my phone, or just plain stop pinging my location and sending data packages constantly I had to do a factory reset, uninstalling does not work.2. White background flickers/pulses sometimes.3. GPS is rubbish, takes well over 5 mins in a car to get location lock, then a very long time after that to get actual directions.4. Wish I could answer the phone by pressing the power button as opposed to swiping to unlock, but this is true of lots of andriod phones.5. For some reason contacts I key in manually do not stick despite it telling me that the info is saved.6. My computer always has to fix the drive before it can see it upon USB connection.Like:1. Beautiful screen. I  love love love the screen size and clarity; it is awesome.2. Clear audio from videos and music playlist.3. It's not a beveled smooth slippery phone, instead it's rectangular and solid with a nice grip.4. Loads web pages pretty quickly on Wi-fi, not so fantastically on 3G since I'm in a bad reception area.5. However, for some reason calls are clear and not spotty.Can't comment on Bluetooth since I never used it.Overall I like the phone, however the screen flicker on both makes me nervous and I wonder how long the phone will continue functioning. I wouldn't mind so much and would totally keep one were it not for the fact that I have to do a factory reset so often.

This phone was a pretty decent phone when it came out, but don't buy one in 2014. It's outdated and you can't upgrade the OS. Don't buy this expecting to be able to do much browsing. It's fine if all you need to do is call and text.

I was having issues with my Optimus V so I thought it would be the perfect time to upgrade to the Motorola Triumph on VM.  Arrived supper fast as always thanks to Amazon.  Once I swapped phones I was shocked to notice that the phone never went above 2 bars and once I held it in my hand it would drop to 1 bar and indoors at work it would lose signal.  I never had this kind of problem with my LG Optimus V.  The GPS is useless it knew I was somewhere in the SF Bay area, and after 5mins of trying and draining the battery it would lock on.  If I tired to use GPS combined with other apps or web it would cause the phone to shut down as it was in an over heat mode.  Also Bluetooth would regularly disconnect.  I went to the Motorola website in search of fixes, but they seem as if they never tested this device prior to launch and are asking owners to test the phone in different settings, and scenarios.  This phone really has disappointed me.

I was happy to receive the item hoping that issues with my cell phone provider would be less and get some extra features the phone offered but all I got was a defective phone that kept asking to be activated when powered on. I would of called or contacted the seller but that proved to be difficult if not impossible so my only option was to ask for a refund and search this phone out from another supplier hopefully without this defect. I also contacted Motorola about this issue and found them to be lacking in their abilities to support properley the product or answer any real questions when made to their representatives at 1st level of support with any confidance of their knowledge resisting any and all logical requests to put some one on the phone call with better knowledge then just reading off a script from a computer terminal.

Bought VM Triumph on 08/28. So far 3G reception is great, able to stream YouTube vids while driving around town with no issues. Phone calls sound like HD quailty, loud and clear, and haven't dropped call yet. Downside is that there is a little VM "bloatware" and battery gets drained a little sooner than I would like but overall a great buy when you consider VM's unlimited voice, data and text plan. Highly recommend this phone.

This phone is crap. The first one i got would not charge at all. They then sent me a second one, this one glitches has trouble charging, connecting to internet. It also restarts itself randomly. If you are thinking of switching to virgin mobile i advise agaist it. All of the outsourcing links you to a foregin country for customer service, first you spend about ten minutes navigating the automated menu then are connected to someone who doesnt know what they are doing and spends half the time apologizing in an annoying manner.

This is my first review of a product on Amazon and that tells how unsatisfied I am with this product.Most of these issues are "known issues" being reported by a whole lot of people on Motorola owner's online forum. What I find really distressing is that there is no plan in place to address these serious issues that essentially render the phone useless for prime time usage. I am surprised that the phone was released with so many serious and glaring issues. The team that did QA on this product was simply incompetent. There are no other words for a failure of this magnitude.Here are the biggest issues for this phone:1. Bluetooth doesn't keep connection live. Connection time varies between few seconds to a few minutes. Most of the time it will not connect on it's own. Both A2DP and handset profile suffer from this. This is the most complained about issue on Motorola's forums. How does a $300 phone not have simple bluetooth working is beyond me. This one just  slipped through the cracks probably. Big thumbs down.2. GPS takes 3-15 minutes to lock. This is also unacceptable and basically makes the phone useless as a GPS.3. Wi-fi also shows finicky behavior where the connection stays open but nothing can be sent or received. Needs wifi to be disconnected and then reconnected to work.All of the three issues are "known" but there is no plan to release an update to fix these serious issues.I heard some rumors on internet that a fix will be released in 18 months! Great news! 18 months is forever in this space.I wouldn't recommend any one to buy this until Motorola/VM come up with an update to fix these serious issues.

I got this phone ignoring all the bad reviews because I still saw some good reviews on it and I was thinking that I would be okay and I was WRONG!! There seems to be a lot of people complaining of this phone. The things that make this phone bad is that it freezes crashes a lot. Be prepared to take out your battery to restart and also to reboot the phone. You're lucky if you make it through the day without this phone dying on you. You always have to be charging it or have a spare battery. The power charge port of the phone doesn't hold the charging cord right, so I have to wiggle it to make sure it's charging, and if a small amount of movement moves it, I lose the charge. To top it off, there are NO UPDATES for this phone. The phone overall looks great, the big screen is awesome, and I would still put up with this phone if they would stop it from freezing, etc, but like I said they have no updates. If I can give you some advice, get something else.

A word of warning: This was my first ever smartphone purchase. However, I did a lot of research beforehand, and made an informed purchase of the Triumph hoping that the flaws I'd read about from pre-release buyers were minor. Sadly, they weren't.I picked up this phone from Best Buy on release date, July 20th, despite the fact that I was out of town on vacation. After giving it nearly a month's worth of usage, I ended up returning it on August 17th for two very big problems. For this review, I'll list the two deal-breaking issues I had, plus the phone features that impressed me, and will sum up my thoughts at the end. I'll begin with the bad stuff:- The 3G reception on the Triumph was just miserable. My entire town has 3G coverage according to Virgin Mobile's coverage map, yet this phone had a hard time maintaining a web connection from anywhere in town. What prompted me to finally return it is that I borrowed a family member's iPad 2, which runs on AT&T;'s 3G network, and did some DSLReports speedtesting. The iPad was quick to connect -- the lowest speed that the iPad posted was 600 kbps, with most of the rest in the 1000-1200 kbps range. In side-by-side tests, the Motorola Triumph had trouble even loading the website, and the few speedtests it posted were below 100 kbps -- the lowest being a pitiful 28, which I took a picture of. Remember, dial-up is 56!To be fair, over the course of the month the Triumph would occasionally post an 1100 kbps result, proving it was capable. Most of the time it just... didn't. I'm baffled as to why.- The GPS reception was poor, as well. I'm talking about satellite-only GPS here -- I'm aware that one can allow the phone to "cheat" by letting it connect to nearby wifi, to determine its location. Still, that's cheating, and I don't like connecting to hotspots without a good reason. No, satellite GPS should be fully functional... but on the Triumph, it barely was. Be prepared to wait 5-10 minutes for it to "find" a satellite, especially in a car. Time to grab a burger!Occasionally it'd pick up the sat in a snap, meaning I'd nearly drop my burger in shock... however, I found this to be a rare exception. Even placing the phone on my car's dashboard for a few minutes didn't help -- about the only thing I didn't try was rolling down the window and holding it outside, which would be ridiculous. Who would want to do that?!Now, for the good parts!+ The wifi on the Triumph is great! It was able to connect and maintain wifi connections without any hiccups, which made it fantastic for watching Youtube, streaming music, and browsing websites at hotels or at home. It did have a couple quirks, such as not usually connecting to a security-enabled wifi on its own in the background -- I'd have to open the wireless settings page and rest on it for about 15 seconds for it to go, "Oh hey, I should be connecting!" Minor quirks aside, the wifi on this thing was amazing, way better than my netbook's. I'll give it an A here.+ This phone runs Adobe Flash. In my regular usage, I found Flash playback to be very stable and fast -- no performance issues that I saw. If you want to run Flash on a wifi connection, this phone will do it very nicely. The only thing I couldn't get it to do was play live video streams from Justin.tv... not quite sure why. Flash will be the other thing I'll miss about this phone.My final thoughts: the Triumph is great for doing all kinds of stuff through a wifi connection. However, buyer beware: the Triumph has serious 3G and GPS issues, and there's been no official word from Motorola acknowledging the problems or any fixes. I've told friends this: it feels like Motorola forgot they were designing this as a smartphone until 3 months prior to release, and on a tight budget they rushed to outsource the 3G and GPS bits. This device is the result. Motorola... please fix these problems! I want the Triumph to work properly, and I want to recommend it to my friends!For comparison's sake, I've since picked up an LG Optimus V and have been testing the 3G and GPS for about a week now. The Opty's 3G generally pulls between 300-900 kb/s and doesn't have any major issues I've noticed, though while on the move between towers it'll occasionally drop out, say, a live music stream. (I expect that, and I won't be using the phone for 3G music-streaming anyway.) The Opty's GPS is fantastic, usually able to lock a satellite in less than 5 seconds, and it has my location pinpointed within a minute at most -- even through some buildings!Somehow I doubt that Virgin Mobile's 3G coverage has drastically changed, or that the GPS sats were all magically fixed recently -- which further reinforces my conclusion that the Triumph is very flawed. If you want a nice Android pocket-tablet, it's great for that. If you want a 3G phone with GPS, save yourself the trouble, do not buy the Triumph until Motorola fixes it.

I finally got one phone with decent audio quality. The First had horrid audio, and the second had very poor radio reception, over 15db worse than the third one. I am happy to be rid of this phone.

I'll start like this:  Don't buy this phone unless you are willing to take a few extra steps. These steps mainly include rooting and installing custom ROMs both of which the average user is unwilling (voids warranty) or unable to do. The main strength of this phone is a decent Android experience with no contract commitment. (It is not worth full MSRP, though. I would recommend the Galaxy S II 4G if you're looking at that price range.)I bought my phone new in July 2011. I was pleased having upgraded from an Optimus V. Out of the box, this phone runs stock Android 2.2 aka "Froyo". There is some bloatware that cannot be removed without rooting your phone, but the OS is stock Android otherwise. The stock experience on this feels much more responsive than the Optimus. Everything is faster. The browser, apps, and games all launch more quickly and play more smoothly.The trade off for the performance is battery life. I was getting about 15 hours on a single charge with 3G enabled. That time was drastically reduced if I played any games or turned on Wi-Fi. I keep GPS off at all times unless I need it for Google Maps. The phone takes anywhere from 10 to 45 seconds reacquiring signal from the satellites and fixing your position. This is longer than my old phone.Cell and 3G coverage will vary from location to location. If you have Sprint coverage in your area, VM service should be available as well. Call quality is the same as it was when I had Sprint. I've had a single dropped call;  However, I don't talk on the phone too often. The 3G speeds are adequate enough for me to stream Pandora while driving.I've dropped the phone several times. There is a single small scratch (1/4") in the upper left corner that is noticeable only when light hits it at just the right angle. The rest of the phone's casing shows no evidence of damage. It's holding up extremely well.Pros:4.1" Screen1 GHz Snapdragon single core CPUGorilla GlassDurabilityHDMI out*"Unlimited" text and data$35/moCons:Unsatisfactory performance during HD video playbackRear camera is useless indoorsBack key doesn't work occasionally (eventually fixes itself)Loss of volume on headphone jack after a notification (fix by pausing for 10 seconds and unpause or silence all notifications)Bloatware runs in background reducing battery life*GPS occasionally takes long time to lock on**These issues are resolved with custom ROMs, but you lose HDMI functionality after installing some ROMs.

This is Virgin Mobile's best phone. A fast 1ghz processor works decent with 3g, great with wifi. The camera is good at 5 mega pixels. Internal memory is good at 2gigs to run android 2.2 without using all the memory and having to remove apps to free up space. I'm not sure if there is an updgrade to gingerbread 2.3 but 2.2 is reliable and works fine. I had the HTC wildfire S which has 2.3 but I do not notice a difference and the internal memory in the wildfire is horrible at 150 mb. The memory got so low(under 10mb), that I couldn't receive texts without clearing cache all the time. The only thing better on the htc was more effects for the camera.  The Motorola Triumph has a 4.1 inch screen which seemed too big at first but now I'm used to it and wouldn't go back to a smaller phone. Sometimes I have to tap the screen several times to click on an app for it to open. No phone is perfect although the expensive ones should be since they cost a lot. This phone would be better if it had an 8 megapixel camera. Hopefully Virgin Mobile's next flagship phone will. The battery if you use the touchscreen constantly to play games, wears down of course. In standby, talk and text it is better.  The screen size is great and clear to zoom in on pics and on websites. It's better to pay half as much prepaid unlimited everything than be stuck in a contract with verizon or another provider whose service and phones are not perfect either. Also I would recommend buying this phone through Amazon as you save $50 over buying it in stores or through Virgin Mobile. Slightly under $230 compared to $280. I've dropped this phone once without a hardshell case and it worked fine after. Fell several feet to the kitchen floor. I would recommend a hardshell case so not to risk breaking the phone. I've had this phone over a month and no major problems. 4 stars out of 5.

This is a lengthy review because I have had nothing but problems with this phone, Motorola, and Virgin Mobile. I offer details below, but in brief I say this: Do not purchase this phone, and do not use Virgin Mobile.I had this phone for approximately six weeks before it completely died. Virgin Mobile (henceforth VM) replaced it almost immediately, but a few months later the phone began to restart suddenly several times a day. It would also frequently freeze. It got to the point where I was taking the battery out about three times a day and putting it back in just to have a phone that would work. I asked VM to replace it, and they did--unfortunately, they replaced it with a phone whose speaker didn't work, so I couldn't use the device as an actual PHONE. Again I emailed VM, and again it was replaced--with a phone that wouldn't even start up! It would freeze at the logo screen. I have asked for a replacement phone that works properly; VM has been uncooperative. Because I paid full price for a brand new Triumph, and kept getting phones that weren't working, I filed a complaint with the FCC. I told VM about this, and they offered me a Class A refurbished phone--apparently they had been sending me "Class B" phones, because anything after 30 days means you get a Class B. They assured me Class B's had been checked by technicians; I argue that this is a lie because they are all defective. Furthermore, when I authorized the shipment of the class A, they emailed me back saying they could only send Class B, as was their policy--in the very next email after they told me I could get an A. So, twice now they have lied and/or misled me. Additionally, I contacted Motorola about all of my broken phones; the best they could offer me was to "ship my phone in and have a technician look at it, and it will be returned in 5-7 days". Who among us can be without their cell phone for a week just to have a technician look at it? VM had already claimed to have had a technician check it--why should I go without for a week to have Motorola make the same claim?In short, I would warn people against this phone. Although I think the concept is good, there are a ridiculous number of faults. If too many programs are running, the phone will slow so far down as to render it unusable--so forget trying to have Facebook, GMail, and Scramble With Friends all running in the background. There seems to be a common problem with sudden restarts for no reason; the speaker on one of my phones was broken; my camera on another was broken.Avoid this phone, and I think all Motorola products. Motorola did not back their phone when I contacted them, and how can you trust a company that has no trust in their own products? And avoid Virgin Mobile; they think themselves infallible because they lack a brick-and-mortar store, and they take advantage of their customers.

I highly recommend this phone to prepaid customers its processor is a 1 ghz snapdragon processor and is very fast. The gps problems that many have been reporting were also true in my case but all you have to do is download gps status and gps fix apps from the android market and your gps locks in alot faster, for me the gps locks in at 30 seconds or sooner so the gps problem is a none issue. It has the best specs of all other virgin mobile phones and constently gets better benchmark scores than the newest boost mobile phone the lg marquee (which i thought about getting, but am happy that i didnt) as shown many times on youtube videos. The phone also has many custom roms available if you would like to go that route. Call quality is also good on my phone the internet is slower than what i expected but that has nothing to do with the phone it has to do with virgin mobile, your location and the time of day (at least for me) as internet speeds are constently 3 to 4 times faster during the mornings and late at night because theres not as many people using the internet obviously. The phone also takes excellent photos with its 5 megapixal camera and takes high def 720p video the only nock on the camera is that while shooting video, it has a blur when you move it around fast. Also there is finally word from motorola that they are working on a  update to the triumph, they havent specified what the update will be exactly, however no time frame on it. So in closing i would highly recommend this phone to any virgin mobile customer or anyone looking to go the prepaid route.

The stock ROM has various issues.  The gps is not optimized, there is a bug with log files filling up the internal memory.  In general the stock ROM is slower and more buggy than custom ROMs available for this phone.  I installed the Stock Sharp Froyo 2.2.2 ROM which can be found on AndroidForums dot com and it solves all these issues.  I now have a phone which is probably almost as good as an iPhone and I am still on my $25 virgin mobile no contract plan.

After reading the reviews, it seems like it's 50-50 on whether this is a good phone or not.From my experience, it's a great phone. I've had it for a couple of weeks now, so I've had time to work with it.In my area, I get far better reception than my old AT&T; phone. It's got a great viewing screen. If you take of the screen saver, I feel the touch screen does become "too" sensitive.Yes, every once and a while, it will hang. But it happens when I start jumping back and forth between screens. It's not a PC, sometimes it needs time to work. Wait a second or two, and its good to go.Battery life for me is good. I do not spend hours on the internet and I have wifi, bluetooth, GPS all turned off. I use it for e mail and text mainly, maybe an hour or two a day on the web. I can easily get 2 full days with out charging it.Because this is a Virgin Mobile exclusive, I need to comment on their customer service. In a word-outstanding!!! I had a question, which I e mailed on a Sunday. I expected a reply by mid week. I got my answer in a couple of hours.I've used customer service twice now, and both times, very quick and accurate answers and polite to a fault.I have no reservations about recommending Virgin Mobile or this phone.

so i had the optimus before i bought this one. this phone is a lot better. i have been using this phone for about a week now, and i am pretty stoked on it. the battery drains a lot faster than the optimus (but charges up pretty fast), by buying an external battery to charge it i havent had any problems with it running out of juice. its a lot faster than the optimus, allows adobe flash to run, internal memory is awesome (i dont have to constantly clear the cache to allow my phone to function properly like i was having to do with the optimus) hd videos, works with netflix and hbo go, has a front and back camera, and the back camera has a flash too. the signal is slightly weaker than the optimus, but i havent had any times where there is no reception and i normally have pretty bad reception in my room. no problem with dropped calls, but then again i havent been using it long. the screen is a lot bigger, i was very surprised with how big this phone is. the thinness is the same as the optimus, and it is lightweight, but it is overall very big (bigger than an iphone about the same as an htc, which is what a lot of people have thought this phone was) the fb app is a lot better than the one preinstalled with the optimus. all and all i feel like there is more functionality with this phone, seems like there is nothing it is lacking. virgin mobile is so cheap too, i dont think there is a cheaper phone company to use. after a few months of using their service the phone pays for itself. i will give an update after i have had this phone for a little while longer. dont understand why the other reviewers rated this phone so poorly. maybe there have been changes to it since they bought theirs. regardless i am keeping my optimus until i have had this phone a little longer.

I bought two of this cellphones with my incomtax refundsand they are sure a deception we have for less than a month.. one burned out totallyand the other one had problems typing it would swich you to some other place then it turned off by it self ywice and sunddenly didnt charged at all all is useless.

I have had this phone for 15 months. It's a great phone but with one BIG problem: it loses its ability to charge! The company already replaced my 1st phone because of this, and within 6 months, the new phone has now done the same thing! I would not recommend this phone, as I feel it should be recalled due to this issue.

This phone is impossible to use for anyone.  It is cuts off, or locks down at any random moment on a daily basis.  The speaker feature is completely unusable 100% of the time it sounds like you are talking under water.  50% of the time you cannot hear the other person even you are off the speaker.  There is no 3way call feature or 411 which you can get on any other service than this one.  Do not buy this phone!  You will regret it!  You will lose money on it.

Already issues with charging port. Have to remove battery to charge.Can't get bluetooth or gps to activate since received!

I was a long time AT&T;  customer and have had service with Sprint, Verizon and T-Mobile as well either provided by my employer or on my own. I opted for Virgin Mobile because of their unlimited data plan and their pricing overall. I had Virgin Mobile Blackberry and when I decided to opt for an Android phone, I researched all the options available including prepaid as well as the Big Four. I can't see pay $80.00 for something you can get from Virgin Mobile for way less.The downside is, of course, you have to buy your own phone...this is definitely the best out there for prepaid service. The only drawbacks are, first, no 4G, and second, I am not wild about the form fact of this phone, which is a square brick. But it can do a lot of stuff, including connect to your TV to stream video. I have not had any issues whatever with any functions. When researching this phone I read a lot about 4G versus 3G and how many times the increase in speed is not that much. I for one have seen no issues at all with download speeds.So I basically like this phone a lot. I wanted a phone with a big screen and this one has it. Of course you have to pay up front but you quickly recover the cost in lower monthly bills. Remember this is the Sprint network so it works fine I think...until Virgin Mobile opts for a 4G phone which is as nice, I am sticking with the Motorola Triumph.

My Triumph stopped receiving text messages because it kept creating a massive text file- "alog_event". To delete it, you have to either "root" the phone, install a new OS, which requires rooting, or do a full factory reset.  This does not happen to everyone, but it did happen to me. The battery life was really bad, too. You have to go into the settings and turn off a lot of the background features to preserve battery life, or get a battery management app.I am not a heavy phone user and I got this phone for work email and the low monthly price. I ended up installing a new OS on it and it works fine now. Putting the new OS on it was not hard, but it does require finding instructions online and is a little intimidating. I would recommend this phone for people who like spending $35 a month and are willing to tweak the phone, which can appeal to your inner hacker.

First  phone  of  this type. People cant  understand  what  u  say on phone..  say  it is like  talking in a tunnel.  I cant  get  more  than  one bar  on the  power. Constantly  have  to  reboot  or  remove  battery.  Web  search abilty  is  the  pits.  The  instruction  manual  is  worthless.  But  i  do get  about  5hrs  per  charge. Alot  of.. money  for  something that  doesnt  do  what  it should

It's an excellent no-contract phone.  I am surprised.  Once I learned how to use it, playing around with it, it's amazing.  I've got loads of apps loaded onto this thing.  Battery runs low when I do a lot.  I just make sure to charge.  Probably would be a good idea to get a charger for the car.  It's powerful, if you know how to use it.  Check out the android apps websites.  I like the QR Code reader.  You can scan codes and get the information from the websites.  I've got games, language-learning, travel websites, insurance, talking translators, you name it.  Whatever you need, it's out there.  You just don't have Siri...but you also don't have a contract.  Just a really good tool that does what it's meant to do.

I was excited to get this thing, as I liked the big, high resolution screen and fast processor.  But I immediately noticed BIG problems.  First, the phone's reception is WEAK, a good 10 dB to 23 dB WORSE than the LG Optimus V I was using.  The damn thing would drop connections that the V would maintain.  Second, the GPS function was frickin' USELESS, taking a looooooooooooooooooooooooong time to lock in, and even then it would sometimes LOSE the connection. LOUSY, UNACCEPTABLE.  I returned it for another one, and had the same damn problems.  My reading of various forums tells me these problems are COMMONPLACE. Motorola makes vague promises about fixing the problems, but they never have.  I don't care, because I washed my hands of this worthless POS and returned to my trusty Optimus V.

I have now spent a over a year with this phone, and now know the downfalls and its strong points. Yes, it has a 1 GHz processor, but it is not dual core. Lacks a certain umph because of the 512mb of RAM. Now, there is one thing that is annoying about this phone. It seems to lack the ability to wirelessly tether. I absolutely HATE the stock Android 2.2 on this phone, and with no OFFICIAL new Android updates ever coming, I decided to try some ROM's. So far,  I have only liked 2 of them.Froyocream Sandwich ROM (Android 2.2 based)*Hence FroyoThis is still Android 2.2 yes, but because it is 2.2, all things still function on this phone. With any other version of Android(2.3+) the HDMI output wont work, and Android 4.0 the camera is not working as of now(hard at work fixing though). This is a 2.2 build, but if you have ever tried to put a theme on your phone via a launcher, this is almost the same, but better because it is built into the OS. It looks like 4.0(in ways), and though it isn't as good as the real thing, it has more features than the stock ROM.[...]Codename Android (Android 4.0)*Personal favorite and current ROM on my phoneThis is a full version of Android 4.0(from the Galaxy Nexus). It has the best multitasking by far and just seems to be the smoothest. As mentioned before, the camera as of NOW does NOT work. The guys that have made this ROM are hard at work fixing this though. I think this is the best ROM because it is so slick and smooth. This ROM also has one of the best battery lives of all i have tested so far.[...]Remember that this CAN damage your phone. Follow all instructions on the site, and you are less likely to do damage.Lastly, to do anything of this sort, you MUST HAVE Clockwork MOD.(google it)You also need a Micro SD card

This phone came in great condition. It's a great phone with a giant screen. Came in a cute box, it was a gift for my husband. He loves it. I have small hands so this phone would take some getting used to for me but he seems to have adjusted quickly.

I don't like Virgin mobile but this phone is the best prepaid phone for the company. I guess it's worth the $220 I paid for it...but it's NO iPhone lol smh!!!

I initially gave this phone 5 stars because it was my first smart phone and seemed to work great. After three months my opinion has changed. First I noticed the signal strength was a lot weaker than my previous phone that was on the same network (Sprint). I chalked up the poor battery life to using a lot of apps and WiFi. Now I realize that it should last more than 9 hours, especially when that nine hours is over night when I am sleeping and not using the phone. The icing on the cake was when it started rebooting at least once a day, sometimes 2-3 times a day. Then, while I had it plugged in and charging, it shut off but did not reboot. Eventually I removed and reinstalled the battery. This got it to reboot. I got a phone call a short time later. While I was talking, the phone just rebooted again. I called Virgin Mobile and they are sending a replacement phone. I hope it works better than this one. A quick Google search reveals that this model is known for having these problems. I wish I had researched a little better before I took the $220 plunge. Before you ask, yes I uninstalled every app I installed and even did a factory data reset to no avail. Even if that did work, what good is this phone if I can't install apps and have to reset it time and again? It would be a very expensive dumb phone. In short, learn from my mistake and don't buy this model phone. It is crap.

I have ordered two of these phones and returned them both. The first one had issues with the mic. People I was talking to said I sounded like I was under water and sure enough when I tested listening for myself, the mic was absolutely horrible. I returned it and ordered a new one because other than that I really like the phone. Well, phone number two only downloads my emails when it feels like it. Even if I manually refresh the account, it won't sync until some random time, some times minutes, other times hours go by. Also, the phone has a terrible echo for the people on the line if I use my speakerphone. It seems like I've just had bad luck because I've read a ton of reviews and haven't seen many with similar problems. I have decided to give up on this model and try a different one. Hopefully I won't have similar problems with the new phone.Other than those problems I really like the phone though. The screen looks great and is nice and big. It's a droid so of course there is a ton of apps available and the battery life is pretty good.(I don't play video games all day though, so keep that in mind.) The processor is fast and reboot times are great. As the title says, if it worked properly, I would love this phone.

I bought the Triumph almost immediately upon it's availability from Virgin Mobile.Since then it has completely convinced me to be an awesome choice and I have not regretted it for a minute.Many of the issues I read about here - i.e. problems with bluetooth, wireless connections - I have never experienced. And I use both every day. Perhaps there was a batch of bad devices that slipped through - that would make me angry, too if I got one of those - but it does NOT make the Triumph a subpar phone.Quite the opposite:I replaced my Intercept with this phone and was a little leery about the absence of an actual keyboard. But the considerably bigger screen virtually eliminates the need for one - and believe me, I do not have small fingers. The 5MP camera was a little disappointing at first, for a camera of that resolution I expected a little more. But then again - this is really not a camera per say with a much bigger optic and proprietary software etc. I downloaded an app (HDR+) which takes 3 or 4 pictures and then interpolates the pixels. Those pictures became so vibrant that I hat to play with the settings and tone it town a bit.I did miss the physical buttons the Intercept has at the beginning but that has faded now, too. A big gripe would be the awkward positioning of the power button - even for a right handed person with decent sized hands it is hard to push that button. But again: how often does one really have to do that?!I like the candybar format and the fact that this phone is so much thinner and sleeker.The processor runs at "only" 200MHz faster than the Intercept - but Boy! - it is a difference like day and night.The screen is just right sized in my humble opinion -it is just not nearly as scratch resistant as the one the Intercept had. After only a few months it shows ALOT of signs of use - so I did add screen protectors, that I dislike with a passion.All in all I LOVE the Triumph, it is very reliable, performs solid and does it fast.I'd buy it again.

Screen is just ok. Bluetooth feature works only occasionally, and reception is spotty. Would not buy it again.  It may be the phone or the service provider, I do not know.

This is the best phone Virgin Mobile has.  There are some quirks, most of which are relatively easily fixed with a search of one of the Android enthusiast forums (google Motorola Triumph forums).  For example, this phone doesn't have a spelling dictionary which virtually every other Android phone does.  I was able to fix that by copying a file into a folder as instructed on one of the forums.  Another way to fix it is to download a free alternative keyboard app from the app market.  The phone is not perfect, but it is VERY good for a cheap prepaid plan phone.

This phone has many issues.  I'm on my third phone in almost a year.  My biggest complaint is call quality people say I sound muffled. Battery life is so so.  The android system is froyo and it won't ever be updated. Navigates the web good.  There are much better phones for Virgin Mobile than this one.

This phone just isn't working out.  Can't contact Virgin Mobile when I need help, phone reception is poor at best, and I rely on this phone for business calls!  Very disappointed

Did a lot of research about this phone. Most people say its very buggy and slow when running stock installed android 2.2 os. When It arrived it worked as described, buggy, laggy and limited. Installed cm7 2.3, works great and its super fast. When you look at the major service providers you normally pay $200 for the latest smartphone. Add the cost of the monthly plan at $80-$120 a month over a two year contract. Bottom line your looking at spending $2120-$3080 to get a little bit better of a phone and service. Granted vm's 3g is not as fast and the Motorola triumph is not the latest and greatest smartphone. However I have to say with cm7 2.3 installed this is one hell of a phone and with the cheaper plan its saving me $540 a year, offering me close to the latest smartphone speeds and comparable service. Also when you see reviews talking about doa phones and screen bleed you have to stop and think.... Its a electronic device there are lemons out there and anything you buy online and then have to return SUCKS! So in-conclusion if you want to save a ton of cash and still have a screaming fast phone with decent service, go with vm and the Motorola triumph!

This android phone is so out of date. It runs on Android 2.2.2 while most apps these days are Android 2.3.0 and up. Most apps in the Play Store cant be downloaded because they are higher versions than the phone itself and so they are not compatible.It may be nearly $200 but it isnt worth it.It has a 5MP camera and 1MPfront camera.Its out of date software.The screen sensor sucks, likes to click what was not clicked.Doesnt have tethering.Its slow as fuhNOTE: Dont contact virgin mobile for an update of the software. Theyll just say you need to buy an updated phone.Motorola also doesnt have an update for this phone. They say you can trade it in for a better phone but they dont have Virgin Mobile phones to offer.

I was suspecting the worst about this phone (especially in terms of battery life) but I've been pleasantly surprised so far. I was formerly using a T-Mobile HTC MyTouch 3g which T-Mobile had pushed a major update to (Froyo possibly) but which essentially crippled the phone in terms of responsiveness.  Before solving that issue I switched to Virgin (for the cheaper service) and, overall, have been pleased.  Note that I'm not a mobile phone power user and just use it for occasional web browsing, checking email, text (sometimes storms) from my IT firm's monitoring/alerting system and a few apps here and there; I do not "live" on the phone as many do.  I also don't really miss the data rates that 4g provides (as compared to this phones 3g service). Highlights:Pros==========* I like this phone's form factor (although it is somewhat larger) and it's bigger viewing area.  My eyes suck so this brightness, clarity and size of the screen compared to the MyTouch is superior and it seems good compared to friends' "more modern" phones;* Pretty responsive overall;* Battery life has been ok so far.  I generally keep the GPS off (but it really sucks the battery when on) and I occasionally turn WiFi off when I know I won't be near an access point (e.g., bus ride home).  Phone will certainly make it through a whole day for me.  I was careful to do the full discharge/full charge cycle which some users have suggested to avoid a theoretical "short memory" condition.  I also don't do a ton of voice calling and will be WAY under my monthly allotment of 300 minutes. I'm also pretty good about using the Advanced Task Killer Widget to keep (draining) apps killed and don't use any battery intensive animated wallpapers or constantly-updating widgets;* Camera is decent and serves my needs;* I like the plain vanilla Android implementation as opposed to things like Moto interface, etc.Cons===========* Signal strength isn't that great but has rarely been completely out.  This of course is pretty location dependent but seems noticeably lower than from when I had Sprint (which Virgin resells) some years ago* Laggy when waking up from sleep.  Have to hit the "Home" button repeatedly before it decides to respond.* Somewhat larger form factor which can be a con for some.

This is a cool buy and it ships fast and the service is great and easy to deal with no problems, this phone is blazing fast i love it already

This phone is everything the reviews say it is. Upgraded from an LG Optimus V and love the speed, screen size, clarity, EVERYTHING!! Where else can you get an UNLIMITED text and data plan with 300 minutes (for those of us that text much more than talk) for $35/month!

I was a little hesitant purchasing my first Android with Virgin Mobile. I have been a loyal customer for for nearly eight years but I have noticed Virgin likes to limit functionality on many of their devices and I wasn't sure I wanted to root this phone and run the risk of bricking it.Boy was I surprised. This Droid shipped with more functionality than many of the contract carriers models do. I used the money I saved buying from Amazon to purchase a micro 32gb sd card and found right away that most apps are movable between the phone and the sd card. I have loaded nearly 100 apps and I've had this phone less than two weeks.The Snapdragon processor is very fast for a single core and has met my needs admirably.Battery life is a little short but that is to be expected on such a fast little phone with such a bright screen.Something to remember is that these devices are really more PC than phone. Do your homework! Many issues I see in the lesser reviews are easy fixes and certainly don't require a product warranty.Loading media is a snap and video playback is gorgeous on Triumphs big bright screen.I live in the high desert so connectivity has never really been an issue and this phone is no exception. Watching Netflix on 3G is very smooth with little or no loss of quality or buffering.On a side note, Get Amazon App Store right away. The Free App Of The Day is the best deal going!

This phone came in the mail super quick, brand new and on sale. I have the HTC Evo 4g and this phone isn't as amazing but very good looking haha the camera isn't really good but the phone is smooth. All the cases for this phone look stupid. Over all the phone to me was a 3 1/2.

I had an LG Optimus V that I thought was a great phone for the price until it just stopped working after 6 months. I decided to go with this Motorola Triumph because I had a Razor in the past and was very happy with it. Motorola did not disappoint, this is a wonderful phone, very responsive, a great device for the price and the best deal is right here on Amazon.com.

I tried switching to this phone after having an iphone. I seriously HATED this thing. I got rid of it as soon as I could. Maybe I'm just not made for android, but this thing froze, pocket dialed, and had a lot of lag. This entry-level option is not for everybody. I would recommend trying this before buying it. (I didn't)

I have owned every Android Virgin Mobile has had to date. At first I thought VM was just a bad provider because my Samsung Intercept had so many dropped calls, late or missing text and other problems not related to the service.When the Optimus V came out, I traded the Samsung in for it. I had had the Intercept for less than 30 days, less than 30 days that felt like a life time. Unless you like pain and headaches don't buy that phone.When I got the Optimus V nearly all those troubles were gone. Few if any dropped calls, Text went through quickly, GPS worked great (but to be fare, the GPS on the Intercept worked well too) and all the dire problems that were warned about because of the phones lower hardware specs never came to pass. Of the three VM phones I have had, the Optimus V was the best, Not the fastes but the most stable, where the phone worked as it was supposed to.Then came the Motorola Triumph. What can I say about this phone that is nice...........The screen looks good.........when it works.Easier to say whats not nice about it.Have tried to hook up to a half dozen phones by blue tooth. It will see the other phones but no talk to them. Screen flickers all the time, There is a dead spot that runs up and down the middle of the screen, some times it works and sometimes it is dead, back button only works about 60% of the time, Internet gets me a white screen more often than not and is pretty much useless, GPS only works if you use GPSfix first. Run GPSfix app before you need to use the GPS on the phone or you will never get a GPS lock. I have had to add a third party launcher to the phone which has helped a little with the phones stability. On my phone at least the launcher is not handling things well. I had to add Android Assistant to manage the apps and hardware usage to free up resources to reduce glitches in the phone.I am still trying to find apps that might help this phone, and it looks like people are getting the word that this phone is not worth the 300.00 that Virgin Mobile and Motorola think it is worth as no one wants to buy my phone. or even trade for 3/4 value.About Virgin Mobile. Their service is good if you live in an area where Sprint is well received. If Sprint service is spotty where you live, no phone is going to make it better.If your in a good Sprint area buy the Optimus V, it cost half that of the Triumph and works. It does not have flash but for me I would rather do without flash and have a stable phone than have a phone that does flash but I cant get on line with because the browser is goofed some how.If the Optimus V is not to your liking, wait for something better to come along. The Optimus Black/Marquee is thought to be out around Christmas and there is word that a couple other phones may be out before the end of the year. I strongly suggest that what ever you decide to get, do not get it the moment it is released. That is what I did with the Moto Triumph, sold my Optimus, big mistake.Give it time to see if early buyers start having problems. If not, jump on it, if they do, run for the hills.

[See additions to this review, below, for when supplier replaced phone. Issues resolved]I was disappointed when just about everyone I called using this new phone told me the sound quality was poor. Though I was enunciating my words very clearly, I was asked to repeat myself often. I was shocked. People I spoke with told me my voice sounded muffled. Neither was I impressed with the quality of what I was hearing either. That sounded muffled too.I just can't handle the hassle of returning the phone, so I will purchase a Bluetooth set to see if the sound improves. Not exactly what I had in mind for an almost $300 phone purchase, but I am stuck in a corner.It is like, during manufacture, they installed a 30-cent microphone instead of a 45-cent microphone. You would think the incoming and outgoing sound quality of a phone would be a priority. How come they got so much else right with this phone and skimped on that critical feature!Another relatively small problem I have with it is, the battery runs out with minimal use over a 24-hour period. So, I now put it on the recharger every night.Feels solid and well-built otherwise. And the Android operating system is very nice.I am inclined not to recommend it, though. Go find someone who has one, make a phone call to a friend and decide if the sound quality is something you can tolerate. Some RadioShack stores hold them in stock, so they can probably help you test the sound quality. Otherwise, you may be disappointed.[Addition to this review, after I got phone replaced]The seller replaced this phone -- at no extra cost and no extra shipping -- and the replacement had no issues with sound. So, it must have been that one dud phone. All is good now. I love this Motorola Triumph!

Let's cut strait to the chase: I bought this 2 days after it came out from a sketchy eBay store with poor english because I wanted to save $50. Looking back, it wasn't the best choice, because I had to enter every number under the sun to get it to register. I'd get it from Amazon now, but it wasn't on here back then.For being one of the first Android phones to hit the prepaid market, it's great. But now that they announced the HTC EVO V4G phone, Im going to upgrade. HTC is, in my opinion, superior to Motorola in many ways. Motorola phones break. A lot. They always shut down, don't start up, screen will go awry, keyboard will stop working, etc., and it never ends. Mine got stuck in a continual boot cycle (Motorola's bios, not the Android/VM one) and I had to send it in. Then they said they didn't get the old one back, so my new one shut off. Long story short, hundreds of minutes were wasted on tech support. Oh well, it's all past and done now.If you get it, you have to peel off the screen protector that comes with it. It makes it so much more vivid, saturated, responsive, and brighter. I don't think it voids the warranty.BUT. I wouldn't get this phone any more. I mean, one for ~$50 more is coming out in 2 weeks with 3D, 4G, and OS4.0/ Ice Cream Sandwich. The Triumph has never gotten a software update.

Its straight hard too get signal sometimes so i sold it &uacute;$ T d0&ntilde;'T hV G00d 0VRG  R $0  0&uacute;T VRG&ntilde; M0bl

When I purchased this phone from Amazons own warehouse, it was under the new tab in the purchasing selection area.Upon activating the phone, the man at the store had told me there was an already existing number on the phone, which means it was used.I didn't really care about that until i began to use the phone.I couldn't play videos without the screen bugging out on me (blue tinted flashy screen)i couldn't play simple games like scramble with friends and many other apps randomly shut down on me all the time.Since i had passed the one week return date, i didn't bother calling Amazon so someone could give me the run around.Don't buy this phone. it's horrible. i would get back on AT&T; if i had the money to but i'm stuck with Virgin Mobile.

This phone is great, i love it! However, it does have a few minor problems that are software related, for example, the volume stays low but sometimes is extremely high (using headphones), and the settings don't like to change until you do a reboot. Furthermore, i would recommend this phone to anyone, it does everything a atrix does but saves battery power. This phone comes rooted so if you use a terminal emulator it can be granted with 2 lines of simple code. I have installed nofrills cpu control and keep my cpu at 122mhz min 576mhz max. with the gpu on board it helps keep the phone running smooth and saves battery power; plus, i can still listen to my music browse the web, and play Samurai II Vengeance(3d slasher game). on the flip side, i can max this baby out at 1.9ghz, however, ive had no need to use this setting except for quadrant scores. I love this phone and i am glad i made the investment.

When talking to friends, family, etc. I am being told that I sound like I'm in a tunnel and they can't even understand what I'm saying. I got this phone because of good reviews and now I am so upset I spent the extra money that I didn't really have on it! Nobody wants to talk to me on this phone they ask me to call them from a land line or a different cell phone. This is very dissapointing!

I have had no problems with connection and the GPS works like a charm.  It runs many games without and lag, unlike my old Samsung Intercept.  For the cost of this phone with the cost of Virgin Mobiles monthly plans this phone is a complete steal.  Never again will I go back to Verizon at my own will.

The Triumph is just about the best option one has in the pre-paid smart phone market, as one of the few high-end models available. This being pre-paid, of course the technology behind the phone is about 2 to 3 years old now, a solid 1Ghz single core processor, and 512mb of RAM, while current contract phones have moved on to dual core processors and 1gb of RAM. To get an idea, you could say that the Triumph is about on par with a iPhone 3gs.Physical design - For me, the Triumph teeters on the line between being too big and just right in size, anything larger is not practical for a phone, and anything considerably smaller would leave something to be desired. The Triumph is satisfyingly thin and light-weight, but the boxy design with it's rather large dimensions kind of make it a slightly uncomfortable phone to hold in your hand, despite the soft almost rubber-like material of the plastic. So far, I have not purchased a protective case for my phone. I strongly recommend that you do buy a protective case, as I can see how a phone of this size and shape would sustain some pretty catastrophic damage if dropped onto a hard surface. Unlike some other phones offered through Virgin, the Triumph only has three side buttons, a standard standby/power, and two media/ringer volume buttons. I was slightly disappointed to learn there was no physical button for shooting pictures. In addition, there is a standard headphones jack at the top, and a standard USB as well as a mini HDMI-out on the bottom. I've yet to use the HDMI-out function, as mini cable was not included and can be very expensive. The capacitive keys for menu, home, back, and search are a nice feature, but can occasionally lock up where they don't want to respond and you must tap the home key to regain full functionality. There are two speakers on each side and they can get pretty loud, the sound quality is pretty sharp.Screen - The screen is vibrant, colorful, pretty to look at. The resolution isn't as high as an iPhone, but is still the standard for any Android phone. The screen automatically adjusts levels of brightness to accommodate your needs by detecting the level of external light which is nice. There is a noticeable screen "leak" in the bottom left and right corners below the screen. For me, it's not a big deal at all. My only complaint would be that there is one tiny "dead pixel" on my screen, and a couple of small blotches behind the factory installed screen protector. Touch sensitivity is a little too rigid really, could have been a bit more responsive.Performance - The phone performs quiet well in every capacity. Apps and widgets are quick to load and install, games run nicely, web surfing is fast and smooth running even on non-mobile sites, videos run nicely without lag. Note that performance with any data related app will partially depend on Sprint's 3G service and coverage in your local area. The first three days I had the phone I also had problems with the GPS being very slow, soon after it began working much quicker, but still struggles to pinpoint your location from time to time. So not the greatest GPS, but with a little patience, it's fine. Unfortunately, app do crash occasionally, and have been doing so more often than when I first got the phone which is disappointing. I have on occasion experienced some general malfunctioning as well, such as the screen flickering green during a Youtube video. I've also woken up from standby to a washed out screen. I'm not sure what causes these issues, but they don't occur very often.Camera - Very disappointing for me. At the price point, I really expected a better camera. It's a 5 megapixel, apparently capable of shooting stills in 1080p, and video in 720p. You're offered a lot of resolutions in the settings and on the highest the still shots are good, but I wouldn't say great. Lots of light will greatly benefit a still shot, while dimmer locations will be less impressive. Perhaps the biggest let down of the phone for me is the camcorder. While the picture isn't bad, especially on the 720p resolution, it tends to suffer a lot from motion blur and lagging with a very low frame rate. In fact, a video shot in 720p will often result in 10fps, which is unacceptable. It's disappointing that the camera in the Triumph isn't up to par with my standard definition Canon from 2007 in that regard. A standard 30fps would have been nice. The mic in the camcorder is very quiet and muffled as you would expect with a typical camera phone, again very disappointing. I would have really liked the Triumph to have a overall good camera for $300, but I'm afraid it's very mediocre. The front facing cam is about on par with typical web cam quality.OS / pre-loaded apps - The phone comes pre-loaded with an outdated version of Android, 2.2. This doesn't make sense as 2.3 was already out when the Triumph was released, and now there's a 4.0. As far as I know, there is no "official" update as of yet, your only option is to install a custom ROM if you don't want 2.2. This particular Android is pretty straight forward, but of course there are at least a two or three apps on Virgin's end that most will find unnecessary or useless, and unfortunately they're hard to get rid of if you're not big on hacking your phone. The rest of the pre-installed apps are pretty much standard, except for the camera and gallery apps, which I'm not too fond of. I don't really like sloppy way the gallery mixes still shots with video, and doesn't seem to allow any sort of custom organization or editing. I also find that the zoom is horrible, you try to zoom into a still shot and it will just blur the image.Pros- Powerful and fast.- Quality screen/video.- Quality speakers/audio.- Forward and front facing cameras.Cons- Camcorder lacks tremendously.- GPS can flake out.- Android 2.2 has occasional hiccups and app crashing.- Capacitive keys freeze up.A very solid phone, and I'm going to stick with it until Virgin decides to release the LG Optimus Black , which stands to offer everything the Triumph does with a crisper LCD display and a much nicer 720p camera/camcorder.

No problems with phone thus far. I love the larger screen and it seems to be faster at processing than past phones I have bought.

The Motorola Triumph is far and away Virgin Mobile's most expensive phone. At least it used to be (now it's about 50% cheaper than when it first came out). So is it worth it to buy this? Absolutely. Virgin Mobile's prices are pretty incredible. You save a significant amount every month by being a prepaid customer with no contract and Virgin's all-inclusive packages. But I had the previous Virgin phones, and all of them gave me significant problems. Well, it was obviously the phones, not Virgin Mobile. Once I got this Triumph, all my problems in using my smartphone basically vanished, and I've been enjoying rock-solid, fast operation for the last 6 months. It was definitely worth it to upgrade to the Triumph, even when I bought it for $270. Now, this phone is a steal. The memory is a full gig. The camera and video cam is incredible. Downloading apps from Google Store is lightening-fast over WiFi, and even pretty fast over Virgin 3G anywhere you are. You should get at least a 16GB Micro-SD for this, which will allow you to use Amazon MP3 and keep all your pics and files. Apps like Shazam, games, Google Maps and Navigation, Google Contacts and Calendar, Amazon Kindle for Android, the Google web browser, practically everything on this phone is super. I also bought a cheap but good quality silicone skin for this on eBay for $1.99 shipped, which has worked out fine. Motorola quality is rock solid, I've dropped this phone a few times, and I even threw it up and across the room last month by accident while watching a football game. The phone hasn't missed a beat. This is an absolutely brilliant product. If you're like me, and you don't want to spend $100++ per month on a contract phone from Verizon, and you don't want to join the overhyped Apple iPhone bandwagon nutcases, this phone is for you.

PROS:  Faster processing and more Internal storage than Virgin's other options.CONS:  Is nearly worthless on battery power.I upgraded from an LG Optimus V and I am happy with the added internal memory.  The speed is slightly better, however power consumption is a real problem.  Nothing running except My Tracks, and the power drops at a rate of 17% per hour.  The Optimus saw only see an 8% drop in a side by side comparison.  Yesterday I needed it for a 10 hour trip where recharging was not an option.  I shut everything down except basic phone and only use the phone a total of 15 minutes.  At the end of the day I had 6% left.Unacceptable.  I'm considering going back to the memory-starved Optimus V.  I've pushed that phone for 14 hours and 30 minutes of call time and still ended the day above 14%.

This phone is awesome if it works. Got it last night, all set up, then this morning went to use it and nothing. No power, unable to wake it up. (it had been fully charged). Did a hard restart by removing battery. It then woke up. Used it for less than an hour. Went to wake it up again and - nothing totally dead. Called Virgin Mobile and they said send it back. I will just go to Target and buy it.

I basically just threw $279 out the window.  I bought my phone in April and almost immediately started having problems with the phone.  I took it back to best buy where I bought it and all they could say was "huh that's weird, that shouldn't be like that.  You have to call Motorola."  So I call Motorola.  They sent me a replacement phone since it was under warranty for a year.  This was after I've had the phone for less than 2 months.  The replacement phone is WORSE than the original.  I'm now waiting for my SECOND replacement.  I asked Motorola if I could upgrade or downgrade I just didn't want the phone and they said "it is against company policy. Have a nice day!"  It doesn't charge, the back battery cover comes off constantly (they've even replaced the back cover and it still happens), it freezes so I have to take the battery out of my phone at least 5 times a day,  but worst yet is even when you have a full battery I will be using the phone and all of a sudden it tells me I have 0% battery and shuts down. One time it told me I had 0% battery and remained on and frozen.  Upon restarting the phone it shows full battery.  The sound quality on my phone is so bad that when I called Motorola from the phone they couldn't hear me.  I activated the replacement phone and had to immediately factory reset it because nothing was working properly.  I contacted Best Buy again and they said that I could either stick with the replacements through motorola or buy a new phone.  After two months I've had not one but TWO replacements? How many more will I go through in the next year?!  I'm waiting for the replacement, selling it, taking a hit and moving on!  Don't waste your money on this phone!!

I'm just a little concerned that since I received the phone it keeps losing its information. I activated the phone when I first received it. And since then I had to re-activate again twice. So I am wondering if I received a bad phone or not, I will give a couple more days to see!!

This phone was a complete joke, towards the beginning it was fine. Then charging problems after charging problems. It worked with certain outlets not for others. Gliched all the time. Erased all my contacts and information. Got it charged and on once. Then it died never got a charge again. I tried multiple chargers, USB cords, etc. DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.

all i got was the phone and no charger or anything else but the battery i wish it would have been charged and worked but other then that the phone was it pretty good condition.

I was very excited about upgrading my phone. I had the Intercept for a year, in the beginning, the phone worked great, but recently, I had difficulties sending a simple text, so decided to upgrade to the Triumph. When I bought the Triumph phone, I was very excited, but from the beginning, I was having issues: Wi-Fi would disconnect, the phone would reboot itself at least 3x a day, the phone would freeze, and I could never get internet access from my car or any local place that did not offer free Wi-Fi. After calling Virgin Mobile for help, which they were very helpful, however, after the 4th call, they said to return the phone, the phone was probably defected. I was a bit disappointed, so now, I ordered the LG Optimus Slider. I'll see how that works.

Great device, usually never bother to do reviews because I am too lazy, but since this a pretty good phone might as well. This phone is well built and for the price you're paying for it, its a must have ...only positive feedback here from a very satisfied customer...keep it up Motorola

If this phone came out a year ago, it would be among the top performing phones from any carrier on the market.  Its very fast Snapdragon processor, vivid 4.1" touch screen, and rock-solid Android 2.2 performance were cutting edge 12 months ago.  I don't say that in a disparaging way, but rather want to show where this phone fits into the spectrum of available devices.  If you want the newest, best, phone, you'll still have to go to the contract carriers.That said, this phone does everything I need very well, and at $300 upfront and $25 a month for service, can't be beat.  It works even better than the Samsung Intercept that I replaced with it, and is reasonably priced.  $25 a month, compared to what plans cost on the contract carriers, and you'll make up the $300 upfront cost in about 6 months.  Brand new customers, may have to pay the $35 a month that they are changing their bottom plan to, but that is still a great deal ($35 a month for 300 minutes, unlimited web/text; $45 a month for 1200 minutes unlimited web/text; or $55 a month for unlimited everything).This is my second phone on Virgin Mobile, and it made me realize that a lot of the problems that I was attributing to the network were actually the fault of my Samsung Intercept.  This phone is more stable in every way.  Wifi, GPS, 3G, Voice, the touch screen, applications, everything about this phone works better and is more stable than they did on the Samsung.Beyond this comparison to my previous Virgin Mobile phone, here are a few comments about the phone:+ very thin and lightweight. I miss the physical keyboard of my Intercept, but only slightly.  The thinness makes up for it.+ durable design.  There aren't many cases available yet for this phone, but even without a case it seems durable.  I already dropped it once, on concrete, and other than having to replace the back cover, there were no issues.  The battery didn't even come out.+ vibrant screen.  The screen looks great on this phone.  I almost say that it looks as good as the display on my wife's iPod Touch.  The only concern with the screen is that it is 4.1 inches instead of 4.3, which has kind of become the new standard for Android phones, but I don't really think that .2 of an inch makes much difference.+ very good touch screen.  The touch screen on the Intercept had issues, compared to this phone.  We are finally able to play games on it, and type quickly on the touch screen.  Again, I think it is safe to compare it to the iPod Touch's performance.  Very good.+ fast processor.  Cutting edge Android phones are now starting to have dual-core chips.  The Snapdragon chip in this phone is single core, but that hasn't stopped it from doing everything that I've asked it to instantaneously.  Very snappy.+ Cameras.  The main camera on this phone is awesome.  Probably not as good as in an iPhone 4 or a real camera, but every bit as good as the stellar one in the iPod Touch.  The pictures and video it takes are amazing.  I don't think I'll ever be taking my real camera or my video recorder with me again.  Even the flash works well and doubles nicely as a flashlight.+ battery life.  The battery life on this phone is very good.  With any Android phone you can expect to have to recharge it daily, but this one at least uses its battery consistently and gradually.  That might not seem like a lot to ask for, but even with Android 2.2 many phones have battery management issues.  This one does not.+ GPS.  The GPS gets its signal pretty quickly and does a good job.  Not perfect in that sometimes you have a wait a few seconds, but none of them are.+ Vanilla Android.  I really like the fact that Virgin Mobile doesn't "Skin" their phones or put a bunch of bloatware on them.  This phone is pretty much stock Android 2.2 with a couple extra applications pre-installed.  Much better than the experience with other carriers that fill the phone up with their own software and interface.A few comments on Virgin Mobile:+ Network.  Network performance always depends on your location.  In some cities Verizon is great and AT&T; is terrible.  In others they both work great.  Virgin Mobile's phones operate on their parent company, Sprint's network.  Sprint and T-Mobile's networks as a whole, are not as good as Verizon's, but that does not mean they are terrible.  In my experience, this phone works very well in metropolitan areas, and pretty well in rural areas.  If your cell phone is your life-line and you spend time in rural areas, you may want to check the coverage for your area on Sprint's website.  Otherwise, I really having had any problems with the network.+ International.  Sprint and therefore Virgin Mobile only have network coverage in the US.  That means you can't roam internationally, which is both good and bad.  International roaming on any phone is very expensive.  When I travel outside the US with this phone, and want to make calls, I connect to Wifi in my hotel or at a shop, and use Skype.  It works perfectly and is much cheaper than international roaming, and is often free.I very strongly recommend that you ditch your contract phone and consider this phone or other Contract Free carriers.  AT&T; especially, and Verizon to some extent, are trampling all over their customers, and people are letting them.  The way to fix this situation is not archaic government regulation or laws, but rather consumers showing that they won't stand for it.  Get a contract free phone because it is the best thing for your wallet and works very well, but also know that if enough people do it the big carriers will have to improve the way they do business./// Update after 3 months of use.  ///I don't have much new to report on this phone, but wanted to provide an update after 3 months of use.  They are still working great.  Both my wife and I have had one from the beginning.  Neither of us have it in a case, and it is holding up very well both to purse life and hip life.  No scratches or anything despite normal drops and use.  A few points:+ Service continues to be great on this phone.  Virgin works much better on this than it did on the Intercept.+ I have had about 5 unexpected restarts in the three months of having the phone.  That isn't bad for an Android phone that gets a lot of use.  I think that some of those might have been caused by putting the phone 'power button side down' in the case, and inadvertently keeping it pressed.  Either way, I don't think that 5 is bad, especially if 3 of them were caused by the case.  My wife has never had an unexpected restart on her Triumph, though she doesn't use hers as much as I do.+ Screen.  The screen on this phone is great.  You do have to push a little harder on this phone than on some others, but you get used to it very quickly, and in the long-run, it is better.+ The camera is great (for a phone).I continue to be very happy with this phone, especially after its first three months of real life use.//// Updates after well over a year.  ////I haven been using this phone since the day it came out, over a year ago.  Although I'm disappointed that they haven't updated the OS to Gingerbread, I am overall still very happy with it.  I am especially happy with Virgin Mobile who seems to be improving every day.  They have always been acceptable, considering how cheap their plans are, but every aspect of their service just keeps getting better and better.  The 3G network is definitely getting faster, although possibly because they implemented a 2.5GB per billing cycle 'soft cap'.  Compared to what the contract carriers do when you use a lot of data, I think their soft cap approach is fair and benefits everyone on the network.  Their voice quality, network coverage, and availability also have improved dramatically over the past few years.  Also, their technical and customer service have gone from mediocre to excellent.I recommend Virgin Mobile more then ever.  I also recommend this phone, until they come out with better 'premium' phone offering to replace it with.By the way, Amazon's current price of $209 for this phone is a steal.//// Update as of summer 2012 ////I still think this is a great phone, especially for those who are grandfathered in to the $25 a month plan, but I have now upgraded to the HTC EVO V 3D 4G.  Anyone who is interested in 4G data speeds and carrier endorsed tethering capabilities might want to look into that phone.

Motorola Triumph ordered continues to turn itself off and will not reboot until 30 minutes or so goes by even with my repeately pushing the power button.  Removing  and reinstalling the battery sometimes helps to get it to turn back on about one in 25 times.  How annoying !!!!  Even during a call or surfing the web, it will just turn itself off for no reason and will not come back on.  This is my first smartphone and isn't a great way to start.  Battery life when it does work is about 2 hours usage and due to the issues mentioned above, I haven't even had the opportunity to see what the stand by time is.  I have many important calls coming in and since it keeps turning off on it's own, I have missed many call opportunities of me trying to sell my condo in Orlando.  So far the best word I can describe about this phone is it is a piece of _ _ _ _ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!  (go ahead and fill in the blanks in your head.

I switched to Virgin Mobile for the excellent pricing ($35/month).  Since the plan was so well priced, I thought I would go with their high end phone.  Little did I know how much problem this phone had.  The phone arrived quickly from Amazon's affiliated seller quickly and it was packaged nicely.  Charged it up and activated the phone.  The switch to Virgin Mobile from  AT&T; was simple but the phone would not fully activate.  When I called Virgin Mobile, the live assistance was helpful and I was underway in 5 minutes.The phone ran ok for about a week.  The problem started once you updated some of the stock applications and installed new applications.  The phone would just randomly reboot itself while in a standby mode or while you are actively using it.  There's no predictable pattern on when it will happen and it affects the way you use the phone.  The rebooting also happens at night while you have the phone on the night stand and the Virgin Mobile theme comes on and wakes you up.  About a week after the re-booting problem occurred, the phone would sometime lock up after you have turn it off and the only way to resolve that is by taking out the battery.  I talked to Virgin Mobile and they say all of these are known hardware/software integration problem and they have been trying to get Motorola to resolve it.  I also did some search on google and found out this is a wide spread problem on this phone.I returned the phone to Amazon after two weeks and did additional research online and found people have been very happy with the LG Optimus Slider.  Got the phone earlier this week and the phone swap with Virgin Mobile was done in about 1 minute online.  The LG have a much smaller screen but the UI is much more responsive (probably due to android 2.3).  The one thing I did not realize until I got the LG is how bad the antenna on the Triumph is.  While I got 1 or no bar on the Triumph at home, I had 3-4 bars with the LG.  So far I am very happy with the LG.If you are thinking of switching to Virgin Mobile, it's a good choice.  Stay away from the Motorola Triumph and go with the LG Optimus Slider if you can live with the smaller screen and less internal memory.  Sacrifices we have to make to not be overcharged every month by the big wireless companies.  I have an iPhone 4 from work and I love it but I am also glad I am not paying the monthly fee...

I bought this phone online because all of the retail stores wanted $299.99! I got it for almost half that and it was brand new! I love the Android market and how customizable this phone is! only bad thing about it is that the wi-fi doesn't work on it (gives an ERROR message) but who needs wi-fi when they got UNLIMITED web!!!!!

Just got the phone a couple of days ago. Upgraded from LG Optimus V (nice phone too, but less capable).Pros: screen (resolution, size, color depth), processor (overclocked to 1401MHz), upgrades easily (CM7 android v2.3.7), forum support, good camera, very good build quality (protected screen, seems no need for protective case), VM $25 plan grandfathers over (this is the best phone you can get for that plan)Cons: ships with Android v2.2.2 (yawn and zzzz, but it may drive the price down on this phone)Right now most of the roms are Beta, I am sure that there is Android Ice Cream in the future!I think that there must be different build versions of this phone, because have not seen any of the problems some other reviewers have had. Also, some have mentioned frequent reboots, have not had any yet, and battery lasts for the day (buy a spare & stand alone (Anker) charger).

This, quite simply, is one of the best phones available on a no-contract carrier, and is Virgin's best phone by a large margin. When I began shopping for my first smartphone, I immediately ruled out the contract carriers: a $90/month plan is simply too pricey for a college student. Since I was already a VMUSA customer, I looked at their smartphones on the beyond talk plans and fixated on the Triumph. I wanted to make a well-informed decision, so I scoured the internet for known issues. I was almost dissuaded from buying the phone after scouring the forms: people were absolutely full of negative comments about this phone. Complaints about a defective GPS chip, growing log file that easily fills the memory, screen sensitivity issues, dysmal reception, dropped bluetooth connections, a flickering screen, and faulty camera autofocus were commonplace. After considering my other options, however, I decided to take the plunge and buy the phone. Trust me when I say that this is the ONLY VM PHONE WORTH A DAMN; all of the other phones are WEAK SAUCE compared to the Triumph. I expected a plethora of issues. I even took the time to familiarize myself with Amazon's return policy. However, I experienced NONE of the issues that people were complaining about, and I've owned the phone for three months. If you're thinking about buying a Virgin Mobile phone, I recommend this phone wholeheartedly. It is far from the most powerful or advanced smartphone, but should be perfectly fine for all but the most demanding power users.Pros:- Large Screen (4.1")- Fairly High Resolution and sharp display(480x800)- Very Responsive (just as fast as my friends' Iphone 4s and HTC sensation, which both have dual core chips)- Pretty thin (about the same thickness as that of the Iphone 4)- Adobe Flash Support- Light years ahead of every other Virgin Mobile phone in terms of hardware specifications- Decent battery life (15 hours with moderate use)- Main camera takes good photos- Bright LED flash (doubles as flashlight with Droid light app)- Decent Front Facing Camera- Captured 720p video has good detail- HDMI outCons:- Video capture framerate is low depending on the lighting- Bad audio quality for captured video- Capactive touch buttons sometimes become unresponsive for a few seconds- Fairly slow data, but speeds can varry greatly (more a fault of the network than the phone)- Speakerphone quality is mediocre- Ships with Android 2.2, which is outdated at this point (can modify with custom rom)- Internal storage is on the small side (1.1gb useable, but this is about 10x more than the LG optimus V has)- Very tall and wide for a phone; somewhat difficult to fit into tight pockets.

As an upgrade to a Samsung Intercept this phone was awesome. Loud speakers and light. However low and behold Motorola decided to cheaply make the charging port.WARNING!: This is not only my statement but of a few others both known personally to me and outside.The charging port eventually gets pushed inside the phone to a point where it will no longer charge. There's really nothing you can do about it unfortunately. It happened to me after a few months and to my friends within a month on their phones.

I love this phone. I love the price on here (cheaper than anywhere in my area). I've had no problems with it. This is the best Virgin Mobile phone I have had. My phone arrived a day earlier than expected and there wasn't any damage (I was worried about damage in shipping). Thank you! =)

I left a one star review on virgin mobile but they wouldn't accept the review!  So don't believe the reviews over there they moderate them.  This phone is horrid, and I should know I have had three of them.  The first one had the famous usb issue where it wouldn't charge. The second one worked okay but no one could hear me.  This is now my third phone and its bad I mean really bad.  It will restart all the time even if you are not touching it.  I think sometimes it restarts because someone calls.  Once it comes back up I have a phone icon stating missed call.  I had had it restart in games and even browsing.  The only thing I would do with this phone is re root it.  Seems people have had great experience with the phone only after putting a new operating system into it.  I think the product was rushed and the hardware is great.  The screen is big I mean really big and it has a decent amount of memory.  The problem is its not usable.  Even this one being my third phone has voice quality issues.  Isn't that the reason you buy a phone so people can hear you?  So my thought is root it or toss it.  Here is the root people seem to like:  [...]consThe buttons are flush with the screen.  So when playing a game or app if you slide over them your app is gone. (bad design)Bad voice quality no one can hearPhone crashes all the timeI guess battery life is average, but have a charger with you at all times it won't last a day.prosBig screen, great hardware.

I bought this prepaid phone to replace another touchscreen phone I had recently purchased. This device is a rock-solid, performance monster. I have used Motorola products in the past and was never disappointed. Now that they have been acquired by Google, the sky's the limit! Vendor had good communication and fast ship. It was a great value! Recommended!

I bought this phone to replace my iPhone 4 and cancel with my carrier (Verizon). I was impressed with the size of the screen and how light the phone was.Unfortunately I couldn't listen to any audio with my headphones since the volume was too loud, even at the lowest setting. That was problem one.Problem two: the back cover would easily fall off.After two days of ownership, I returned the phone. From other online reviews, Motorola was not going to help with the volume.For paying close to $300 for a pay-as-you-go phone, I expect a lot more.

I bought this phone after reading all the positive reviews. I like the phone and all but the calls not so good. If im on the phone yea i can hear the person but they are unable to hear me they pick up maybe every other word they say the words are gurgled. So far thats the only bad thing about this phone.

The motorola triumph in my opinion is the best android prepaid smartphone out today. Its 3g , has a big crisp, clear screen and the picture is top notch.  Great camera n front face camera aswell great speakers very loud when watchin youtube or listening to music on it. Its fast theres no lagging,  it runs smooth. The design of the phone is awesome its sleek n thin box shaped, most people dont like it but i do. When i look at the phone i see a powerful machine device it does everything i want it to do. Its on virgin mobile!! My favorite phone company for prepaid phone plans , which are the best in my opinion they offer the best value and with the motorola triumph its a great combo. I believe the motorola triumph... triumphs over any other smartphone on the prepaid market. Trust me,  get this phone!!!!!!! U wont be dissapointed!!

I was apprehensive in deciding to switch phone services from my first gen iphone with AT&T; but I only use about 20-100 minutes per month and communicate via texts.  This plan with virgin mobile seemed to be a logical choice but I didn't want to sacrifice a smartphone.  The price for this phone is a very good bargain for what you get.  The phone is fast, reliable and very VERY customizable.  The service itself hasn't given me any problems so far.  No dropped calls, all texts go through and internet speeds with 3G are a huge upgrade for me personally from Edge network.Overall I'm very pleased with this phone!

I ordered this phone off amazon because i found a great deal on it. It was about $50 less than anywhere local so I figure I give it a shot. The whole ordering and shipping process was very easy and it was shipped in a timely manner. This is not what I am complaining about, amazon is doing a great job of this.  I am writing this review to complain about the garbage phone that I received. It was new out of the box so I thought there would be no problems, which there weren't for the first week. Then the phone began to restart itself. I figure okay its not unusual for a phone to randomly restart every now and then but it began doing so more and more often. One day it got to the point where I felt/heard it restarting in my pocket about every hour until it just went completely dead. The phone died after about 2 weeks of regular use. It does not turn on, charge, or anything, it turned into an expensive paper weight. The entire returning process was easy as well, props on that amazon. Amazon is great and easy to use but it's a shame they sent me a crap phone that quickly turned into garbage. Too bad I will probably never order electronics from amazon ever again... perhaps it would be safer sticking to books. Next time I will just spend the extra $50 and save myself tons of headaches not having a phone for a week. Oh yeah the reception on the phone is weak, at least compared to the lg optimus i had before it.

loooong.. Seriously; it takes forever for the GPS to acquire. Otherwise, this phone is pretty good!  Comes with a screen protector, which I left on until it got scratched.  Removing it improves the touch response.  Battery isn't the greatest, but is to be expected given its size.  Still a great value for the cost

This phone is a great step up from the samsung intercept. This phone is snappy with its 1 ghz processor(which can be easily overclocked up to 2 ghz), takes great pictures, captures hd video in 720p i believe (correct me if I'm wrong), has 1 gb internal storage, can be easily rooted, has great developers making custom roms for it (cm9 ics in the works). i currently am running cm7 on this thing with over 200 apps and this phone is still fast. The only slight problem I've ran into is the random reboots others have spoke of. It's not constant but it can get a little annoying, could just be a software problem.And to everyone rating this phone based on VM's service, this is for the rating of the phone ITSELF and NOT virgin mobile service. There is a reason they boast one of the lowest cost cell phone plans in the USA.

Motorola Triumph Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile) there are some coverage issues with virgin mobile in my area- but the phone itself works great- good pictures and a fast response time.

The item was delivered one day earlier than expected. All items were included except the charging adapter. The phone can only be charge using the USB syncing cable with a computer. There's no adapter included to charge phone by plugging into an electrical outlet. The phone was activated, and there were obvious problems.  I'm currently using the LG Slider charging adapter with the Motorola triumph syncing cable to charge the phone. The phone come with the micro SD card, but I've use an extra one that is larger than 2GB to increase space on the phone. I like the larger screen, and quick reaction of the Motorola compare to the LG Optimus Slider.  After using the phone for a few days the signal is very poor, and that should not happen in the well populated area in St. Louis, MO.  Each call received, or made resulted in a dropped call.  After dealing with the a quickly drained battery, dropped calls, repeated re-activate phone prompts, and message indicator continuing to stare at me when the messages have been checked and deleted, resulted in returning this phone in only 7 days.  I've ordered the HTC Evo V 4g, and hope that it does not give me the same problems.

I recently decided that paying $180 a month through Verizon for service on 2 HTC Thunderbolts was getting ridiculous. I looked into prepaid and decided that Virgin Mobile's service was certainly a lot cheaper and seemed to be adequatte for my needs. My only apprehension was a phone. I went from a top of the line device to tech that is - at the time of my posting - about two generations behind. So here are my thoughts on this phone as they come to me:I am overall very happy with this purchase. The phone has good call quality - not the best but better than expected. Voices are clear on my end and for the person I'm speaking to.The virtual keyboard is among the worst I've ever used. It needs to be noted that you cannot calibrate the keyboard. This is typically a standard feature on droid devices but for whatever reason it isn't here. There is no auto-correct either. This can be fixed though thanks to the Play Store (android app store). I tried various keyboards from the marketplace and found the "A.I.type Keyboard" to be the best option. After using this keyboard for a week now I would recommend this for use with this phone and ANY android pwoered device. You will want to have that keyboard for this phone or you will run into a lot of frustration. Get the paid version of the app.I was worried that downgrading from the HTC Thunderbolt's 8 MP camera to the Triumphs 5 MP camera would be a pain point. I have a 2 year old girl and like having the ability to grab quick, good quality pictures on the fly - other parents will understand this. The picture quality is suprisingly good though the shutter speed is a bit slower than I would like. However, I found that you just have to get a feel for the camera. What I end up doing is hitting the snapshot button (good placement on the screen too!) repeatedly. I have gotten some good pictures of my daughter playing at the park with it. I am not dissapointed at all. I cannot speak to the video though as I personally don't use it.The touchpad home, back, menu, and search keys can be a bit unresponsive at times but it is a non issue for me and causes no frustration. Lock the screen and do what you were doing again and it works every time.The touchscreen takes a bit to get used to. My thunderbolt's was VERY sensitive. The Triumph's requires a bit heavier touch to get your action to take to it. I tried a few other's Motorola phones and it seems to be a characteristic of the Motorola devices in general. I don't see this as a setback. Just takes a bit to get used to.The phone can take a moment to catch up at times. If it has been idle for a few hours and you go to send a text (for example) it will take the phone a moment to catch up with your inputs. That is where you can tell this is not the current generation of smartphones. It just isn't as fast but not really noticeable.The biggest drawback on this phone is the GPS. It rarely works and when it does the GPS signal is not reliable. I don't know if it is the hardware, firmware, or the 3G service coming from the Sprint towers. This renders the Google Maps Navigation feature on the droid os useless and that really is a dissapointment.The 3G service can be unreliable at times. It never completely drops out and my city (Omaha, NE) is completely covered by Sprint. That comes down to the old mantra of "you get what you pay for" and when it comes to the service Virgin Mobile is bargain bin but it really IS adequatte.So overall; I like the phone and the service is acceptable. I have found that I don't need the fastest service possible or the best phone on the market. If you are of this mindset then this phone will work. I bought mine when it dropped to $180 locally. This phone is NOT worth the $300 price. I would say it is a $200 phone. There are a lot of retailers that carry this phone and I would advise that you go put your hands on one first.

A few years ago this would have been a great phone. Nice size. I liked the front camera and 5mp back cam with flash. However, the os is severely OUTDATED android 2.2 and there are NO updates. This means that a lot of apps may not work on it (such as my favorite two Camera FX and Photowonder). I found the phone to be slow and buggy even shutting on and off by itself. Weak signal and does NOT allow you to move the apps to an sd card which will use up all your ram in the phone. Unless buying this phone for your grandmother I would NOT recommend it.

I wouldn't recommend any one to buy this until Motorola/VM come up with an update to fix these serious issues.-GPS!!-Button lag-Haptic feedback

I have been reading all of the many negative reviews on this phone over the past six months and I can say that so far, this phone is really great. I have experienced none of the problems that so many have reported. Maybe there is a problem with some of the units that first came out. I am hopeful that Motorola has finally fixed many of the launch issues. After switching from my reliable optimus V I can say that this phone is miles ahead of it. I have had the data issues with the optimus that were reported in the past and the data connectivity with this phone is much better. AS for the screen protector that comes pre-installed on the phone, I for one am leaving it on as I haven't really experienced any issues regarding performance or sensitivity. Again, like many others have said, this phone isn't perfect, no phone is, however I consider myself a particular person when it comes to this sort of thing, and none of the minor issues are enough to make me regret buying.

I purchased two of these smart phones. The screen is big and easy to read. The touch screen is not the fastest in response but it works. Virgin mobile has the best price for family plans, I pay $25 a month for each of us for unlimited services. This is a good basic smart phone. Thank you

This phone should be called the Motorola failure! I've owned two of these phones and they are s***. The second was a warranty replacement after the first one crapped out within 2 months. Very poor quality, they break fast, have crappy battery life. Are prone to app hang, extremely slow lag time in switching between apps, little on board memory capacity and the absolute worst part is if you don't have a phone cover, the battery cover comes off in your hand every time you pick up this phone. Do not buy this garbage.

sometimes the home button doeS'snt work and the change to lands scape iS ennoying it turns with the slightest tilt i took the automatically off but its a good phone bad signAAAl tho 4 star

Update 5/2/2012 - For ~20 dollars I bought a Plantronics M20 blue tooth headset.  People can hear clearly if I use the bluetooth headset.  With just the phone, people have trouble hearing me.  With speakerphone, they hear an echo, which makes everything unintelligible.Update 4/12/2012 - Lowering from 4 to 2 stars - though the device is great for android applications, the reception is horrible.  No one can hear me.  I am thinking of returning it.CONS* I used to have an LG Rumor Touch.  The speaker phone on that (my old phone) was really good.  On the Motorola Triumph no one can hear me.  There is an echo.  They also have trouble hearing me without the speaker phone too.  I am probably going to get a blue tooth device and see if that helps out.* The battery seems to go out quick.  I charge it at work and it is dead by the next morning.  I probably need to make sure I get a second charger and leave at work.  I also need to buy one of the power saving apps that everyone else seems to be recommending.PROS* It's fast.  The apps run well.  This is my first android phone.  The keypad also has good sensitivity.* Big screen.  This is a little bit bigger than most phones.  This larger size is ideal for browsing.* The GPS works well for me.  Others have said it didn't work for them, but it runs great on my phone.

I've had this phone for a few months now, and overall I really like it. Full disclosure - this is my first smart-phone. But I am starting to hear many, many people complain about having an iPhone but being locked into an $80/month contract. Look, if you like to text, call, run any of the popular apps and occasionally browse the internet - especially if you have a wi-fi router in your house - this is a great phone. With Virgin Mobile's $35/month and NO CONTRACT plan it's almost a steal. I have had plenty of contract laden folks do a double take when they see what the phone can do and find out how much I'm paying a month. If you're a serious data user, this might not be the phone for you, but then again you'd probably already know that. But for the average Joe or Jane just looking to get into the smart-phone game I would recommend the Triumph.I have had to do about 4 battery-out resets, which have solved every software glitch or frozen screen that comes up. From what I hear that isn't the best, but it isn't altogether uncommon, either. Especially when you rarely if ever turn off your phone. Sometimes the 3G speed isn't lightning fast on its own, but then again I find myself around wireless hotspots more often than I realized. I do heavy surfing from those, including the one in my house, and the speed is just fine. I've never had a dropped call on this phone. Battery life...eh, it's a smartphone. Before you go to bed, plug the damn thing in and it's charged in the morning - it'll get you through the day. I believe it comes with an HDMI cord which you can use as a USB connector or a wall outlet charger (with included adapter). I have a desk job and I keep it charged all day through my work computer using that USB cord.Make sure to grab the free video chat app Tango, as it works well on this phone. The phone has plenty of room for those apps, too. Tune-In Radio works great, as does Google Sky, Words with Friends, et.al.I still am amazed that people who actually do less with their smart-phones than I do with this one are paying what they pay a month. If those people can get over their embarrassment, they should consider switching when their contract is up to VM. I've never had anything but positive experiences when I've had to talk to them directly. Yeah, they do try for their "cool" vibe a little too much, but don't let that turn you off. Saving $40-50 a month, still getting pretty good service and being able to switch whenever you want will always be cool.And with the Triumph, you are getting a high end phone for a budget price. It might not have all the bells and whistles, but it seems to have most from what I've seen. So far I am very happy with this thing.

Smart phones are essentially multipurpose computers in a very small form factor. The reality of this means that there will be different experiences for different people and uses.Out of the box, there are no issues I can find. There is no lag in the display (unless one starts to use it right after turning it on, like most desktop computer systems, the GUI is available before everything is finished loading), and scrolling through the apps menu is consistent and responsive throughout the entire menu and it still is. The only lag I can find would be in individual applications, but that is really the application which needs to be judged. The specs of this phone are what they are. I do not play games on it and so I have not explored the limitations of the hardware in that regard.The connectivity is better than my old Virgin Mobile phones (Samsung Intercept and LG Optimus V). In those, I had to power cycle more often to get things working properly, but the Triumph works well without power cycling. I can count on having a good signal and am able to watch Youtube and Flash videos on websites (with Opera Mobile) with no waiting usually.The large display is the reason why I bought it however. I use my phone frequently for the Internet and the large display coupled with the good network connectivity have left my very satisfied.And, as I am prone to do with expensive things I own, I have already dropped it while it was in the case I have clipped to my belt (unclipped at the time, but the phone was in it). I did not realise it at the time, but the casing was slightly opened (the seam where the two halves are put together...something which shouldn't be opened) at the top. Only after a week did I notice this and snap it back. During that time and after it has worked fine.I did have trouble activating it. I am not sure why. After many tries, it worked after I disabled the WiFi. Maybe that was interfering with connecting to the network to activate it.

This used to be a High end cell for VM but now its pretty much uselessIf you look at the Samsung VM Reverb at $150 it has ALL these features except HDMI plus a lot more now.Reverb uses a Quality 4 inch screen at 800 x 480, Front and Rear cameras but has a New High power CPU thats just a little less powerful than the problematic HTC EVO 4G. Plus its a Android 4.0 ICS platform with 768meg of Ram and Large 2Gig User available memory for Apps plus SD card too. Battery life is great and so is the quality of the hardware so far.I don't know why people are afraid of the Reverb unless its because of Samsung but get a warranty extension if you are then.Doesn't have Move apps to SD card but it will do it by connecting to your PC then.Bottom line this Triumph is way out of date but Reverb is Right on with superior specifications and performance now.

This is a high end droid phone with all the performance features you find on dual core phones. The only problem is that for some reason it doesn't have SWYPE, also the battery is only 1400mah for some reason (competitors are putting out 1600mah batteries now).

I was very happy when I first got this phone, but have been noticing some issues.  It has a nice big screen that is decent for web surfing, email, games, etc.  For someone new at using a smartphone, this is a very good choice.  It is fast enough on most apps and 3G is fast enough for basic surfing and email.  However, I do have a lot of problems with reception (Virgin runs on the Sprint network.)  I have had several dropped calls and problems connecting.  The customer service also leaves a lot be be desired.  (And if you call the 888 number for support, whatever minutes you use while on hold and with the CS rep still comes from your monthly allotment.)  As for the phone itself, I have trouble getting the Bluetooth to connect to my hands-free systems in my cars.  Although I succesfully paired them, the phone will often not connect automatically and often even when I attempt to do it through my settings.  When it does connect, sometimes it will disconnect on its own.  Depending on which side of the screen I tap, sometimes it will not respond or it may take several taps.  The volume on the phone could be louder.  I usually use my phone as my alarm, but can hardly hear it event with the volume all the way up.  Last thing that I have noticed so far it that the camera is really slow.  It is a fairly decent camera, but pictures are really dark without the flash.  However, with the flash on, by the time the camera takes the picture, people in the picture are squinting from the flash.  (try taking a picture of a one year old baby!) I have not yet been able to take the picture that I wanted with my phone.  It is very annoying and disappointing.After almost a year with this phone, I get more disappointed every day.  As I mentioned before, the camera is terrible and I do not use it as often as I would otherwise.  I have just about given up on it. The phone does random restars when I least expect it.  It sometimes freezes without me realizing for a while. Also, when I first got it, I could go a couple of days of limited usage without having to recharge.  Now I have to carry the power cord everywhere with me so I can plug it in. It won't last half the day even if I turn off bluetooth and do not make any calls.  I use very few apps and only have the Yahoo email which regularly checks for updates.  I don't think this is the cause. As previously mentioned, this service is off the Sprint network which is not the best out there, but I had it a few years ago and did not have as many issues as I do now. I can not remember when was the last time I saw all the bars on my phone lit up. If I go into a store, I can not count on checking prices of items against online stores. I usually get no reception. While the price is unbeatable, I am seriously considering going back to ATT or Verizon.

After losing my job, I needed to cut costs.  I have become very reliant on having a smartphone, after having 3 different BlackBerry's and an iPhone.  But I needed to chop that $125 a month down significantly.  I researched options, and saw that Virgin Mobile offered a pretty modern Android phone for $55 per month, unlimited everything.  I did my research, read reviews, and decided that I'd take the plunge.  I cancelled my AT&T; contract, sold my iPhone on eBay, and I was set up with Virgin Mobile and the Motorola Triumph.After 3 months, I can say, that this is a very serviceable phone.  It does everything I need it to, and it's very reliable, for the most part.  The phone DOES have a lot of different bugs and quirks, but I can deal with them, if it saves me $70 per month.  This is certainly no iPhone, but it does the job.  I can surf the web pretty darn quickly, the apps in the Android Markerplace are ok (not nearly as good as Apple though), and my texts and calls are pretty reliable.  The sprint network, which is what I'm connected to, isn't bad.  It's not as good as AT&T; was, but isn't as bad as T-Mobile.  It's somewhere inbetween, and like I said, it's serviceable.The phone has a lot of bugs and quirks, like I said.  The GPS is horrible.  I downloaded "GPS Fix" apps to try to remedy the problem, and it still stinks.  The GPS cuts out often, and sometimes can take as much as 2-5 minutes to connect.  I used my BlackBerry and iPhones as a driving GPS, but can't really do it that well with this phone, which kind of stinks.  This phone also freezes a lot.  Not for long, but it's still kind of annoying.  It also just randomly shuts off and restarts a few times a week as well.  All of sudden out of nowhere the phones says "VIRGIN MOBILE!" and shuts off, then says it again when it starts back up.It's pretty embarrassing having a Virgin Mobile phone, so I got a phone case, which covers the Virgin Mobile logo.  I say it's embarrassing, because I'm a person who has made a six-figure income, drive a $60,000 car, yet I can't even afford my freaking iPhone anymore because of this awful economy!  Thankfully my $60,000 car is paid off.  I've toyed with selling it, but it's de-valued so much, that I might as well keep one nice thing!The camera on this phone is pretty good.  5.0 megapixel.  The video claims to be 720p, but I beg to differ.  I have taken quite a number of videos on different settings, and the video camera is horrific.  It's no better than the video I used to take on my BlackBerry Curve, when that was a popular phone back about 4-5 years ago.  I do have a Video Camera that shoots in 1080, so I'm not too concerned with the video camera, although it would be nice if it were better.The battery life on this phone is EASILY the worst I've ever seen for any smartphone I've ever been aware of.  Be prepared to buy chargers for your car, work, and use the one that comes with the phone for home.  You'll easily need 3 chargers to maintain proper battery levels, because this phone SUCKS up the juice like nothing I've ever seen.  I've downloaded all kinds of "battery fix" apps, but all they do is shut turn off internet and GPS when you're not using it, so it has to constantly re-connect when you need it.  Sure, you can get better battery life, but it makes the phone perform worse.All in all, this is a very good phone for someone on a budget. $55 per month plus tax, I think it's like $59 or something per month, all inclusive.  I use the word "serviceable" for this phone, because it does a serviceable job at replacing the high end phones like a BlackBerry or iPhone.  It will never be an upgrade for those phones, but it pretty much does what they do. Not as well, but not that far behind.  It's a good value on a shoestring budget, if you must have a smartphone, like I must.

This is the best phone virgin mobile has to offer right now..Traded my Optimus V for this phone...GLAD I DID...this phone has WAAAAAY more capacity than my Optimus did, not sure about how much storage it has , but I loaded it with quite a few more apps than I had on My optimus V, it still says I have 75% phone storage space left,where as my optimus was at only 10% capacity remaining with less and it would say sometimes when I did a search..." not enough phone storage space"My SD card is almost full, but that is because I still have the standard 2 GB card yet.  I plan to get at least a 16 gig ASAP.I would recommend the Zagg screen protector though, just to keep the screen from scratches. BUT... remember to remove the preloaded screen saver first, as I have read up about this on the Triumph, and other have said as well that the screen saver already applied is too thick, I agree, after removing mine and applying the Zagg..it seems to be more responsive and the screen is also brighter.  There are at least 2 videos posted on youtube about this, if you need more informaiton.I have had this phone only about 3 days or so, but I did not have any problems with dropping calls as some have said.  The battery life seems adequate for what it is, I purchased the Anker 1500 battery that I use as the primary battery, plus I added the juice defender app to assist in battery savings,seems to work well so far.I guess the bottom line is..I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking to get out of a contract phone, or for that matter anyone looking for an excellent phone... overall I have had no problems with it.  I think others might have just got a bad unit to begin with.

well i got my phone quiet fast thank you seller, but activating it was a bit of a pain cuz the virgin mobile website kept saying url not found and in the end i had to call and even after that it didnt work until like the 12 time so theres that. but once i got it working it was awesome its my first true smartphone and it worked (&lt; -key word) great for awhile there seems to be a little delay when the motion sensor when u turn it from horizontal to vertical. then my new phone took a crap i turned it off and put it on the charger came back an hour later tried to turn it on.....and it went to a screen that told me all my info and at the bottom it said battery adc = 4096, no clue what this screen was so i tried again, did a factory reset and tried to reboot several times finally i called virgin mobile and after 5 mins of telling the computer i wanted live help they told me my battery doesnt keep a charge and they will send me a new one so.....now i must wait to enjoy my phone. though i must say the customer service is actually good besides the automated part.

I am very satisfied with my Motorola Triumph (MT for short) Android Smartphone. I have a BB Bold for work and an iPod Touch 3rd Gen as well and the Triumph, well Triumphs both of these devices for my use. As far as touch screens go, the MT is larger and sharper than the iPod and just as responsive. I have not used it as a music player, so I can't compare that feature, but for everything else I used the iPod for, the MT equals or exceeds it. Comparing it to the BB, well screen size and resolution is not even comparable. The BB is less than half the size and I have never liked the zoom in and out on the BB. For internet use, the MT also wins, quicker page loads, better performance. This must be attributed to the phone itself since Virgin Mobile is using Sprints 3G network and my BB is on Sprint. The BB does have the physical keyboard which is pretty easy to use, but I don't spend enough time using it for it to be a major factor. I did develop a pocket dialing problem with the BB and had to enable the keypad lock which then requires a code to be entered everytime you want to use it, the finger swipe to unlock is much easier to use on the MT.The MT runs Android 2.2 Froyo and Flash Player 10.3 can be downloaded from the market. I have owned 2 Android based e-readers, so I was already familiar with the OS. There is no Motorola or Carrier crapware in between the user and the OS.Oh yeah, this thing is a phone. I use this primarily as a portable computer and texting device, but the calls I have made have been clear. The speaker phone works well and all functions are intuitive and easy to use. I recently made a trip from upstate New York to the Outer Banks of North Carolina and only once did I look at the phone and not have any signal. I have not yet paired my blue tooth headset.Battery, I have had no problems with the battery life. I can get a days use out of it with no problem. I did intall an app that lets me turn off the wifi with one press and I only have it on when I need it. I also don't require the use of the GPS, so I keep that off as well. I haven't felt the need to install or use any 'task killer' type apps. The battery life seems about on par with my BB when used in a similar manner. Heavy graphics games with birds or cars will of course use the battery much quicker, just like on any device that can run them.Overall I have been very satisfied with my Motorola Triumph and Virgin Mobile. All of the smartphone goodies, none of the contract and half of the price. What's not to love?

I switched my ATT iphone and another voice line to virginmobile. Couple reason's I thought of going with Virgin mobile.1. No contract2. Decent monthly rate plan. (I signed up for 45/month)Truimph is a decent smart phone. I've been using iphone for last 2 years and thought of switching to android to check it out.So far no problems. I do most of the stuff on WIFI connection at home and work.I live in Texas and don't travel too much out of state. Data and Voice connections throughout TX is okay. I get 3G on most of the places.If you need to get 60 minutes BONUS time, please use the kickback code wttPTvoe when activating the phone.At the end of the activation screen you will see something called kickback code enter:  wttPTvoe

If this phone got good reception it would be absolutely perfect. I will be keeping it (if that tells you anything) but its biggest weakness is the reception. If you are on the outskirts of town the phone piece will work but forget getting any data coverage. My old phone showed about 3 bars inside my house (my old phone was the Optimus V). This phone shows 0 to 1 bar inside the same house. If you live in a well-covered city you'll love the phone. If you live on the outskirts of town then you might want to consider the Optimus V instead.

Got this phone a few days ago and the call clarity is great. I have read some complaints about the GPS Taking forever to get a lock, I have not experienced this problem. I walk to work and use Google's MyTracks to chart my walk in the morning and after noon and so far I have had no problems. Can't beat $35 bucks a month for service through Virgin Mobile. Also if you are a modder or dev this phone is really easy to root and install a custom recovery program. Would have give it a 5 stars if it had and update from Motorola for Android 2.3

The only reason to consider buying a Motorola Triumph compared to an iphone or Android Nexus phone is the cheap monthly rate plans. I use the Virgin Mobile $35/month plan and it has enough minutes for me.No, the Triumph is not as good as an iphone or a Nexus, but you can't expect that for half the up front price, half the monthly price, and no contracts. What you do get is an above average smartphone with a good operating system (and very little crapware). The 4.1" screen is easier on my eyes than the little 3.5" screens that were common a year ago. The CPU and memory have double the specs of my old phone and it really shows when running Android apps. The camera is adequate for my use, though not nearly as good as a decent point & shoot.The negatives to this phone are slow GPS lock (for you people that like to check in everywhere), mediocre battery life (barely lasts through the day with average use), and below average signal quality. Cell service is noticeably worse than Verizon; probably comparable to AT&T; or T-Mobile. Virgin Mobile is owned by Sprint and uses Sprint's network, but apparently not all of it, so coverage is worse than Sprint.If this phone cost as much as an iphone or Android Nexus phone, I would give it only 2 or 3 stars because of the negatives. I'm upping that to 4 stars because of the cheap price; especially the monthly rate. The cell service is probably not adequate for serious professional use, but I don't mind being a little hard to reach if it saves me a lot of money.For your best price, buy this phone directly from Virgin Mobile instead of 3rd party sellers. Discounts and promotions are common direct from VM. I paid half price, though 25% or 30% off sales are more common.

This phone is absolutely terrible. I have no room for any apps except one, and you cannot have more than 15.00 MB of space taken up for apps, otherwise this annoying icon comes up saying, data storage is low. Also, some of the apps tend to foreclose a lot, which is quite annoying. If you want a phone to throw at the wall, then this is the phone for you

I have a big problem with my Motorola Triumph. Before purchasing it I did the research and found that some people have had issues with the Bluetooth. I went ahead and bought it anyway, figuring that it's not the same for everyone and hopefully I would not have any problems.Wrong! The first one would not connect at all, to any Bluetooth device and was returned. The replacement phone connects just as it should, but then disconnects after 20 or 30 minutes. The only way I have found to reconnect is to go into the phone settings, turn off the Bluetooth, turn it back on and go through the reconnection process again. That's an annoying fault at anytime. For me  however, it is way beyond just being 'annoying'. I drive a tour coach and, because we can only use a cell phone if it is hands free, I need the Bluetooth capability to work correctly for more than a half hour at a time. With my previous carrier I had an Optimus V and never had a problem with it.I love everything else about the Triumph and if it were not for this problem I would have rated it at five stars. I really do not want to switch to a different phone. It would be a shame if I have to do that, but I am fast approaching the point that I will seriously consider it my only remaining option.

I would have junked this phone months ago if I had the money to replace it.I was a "day one" buyer, and exchanged the phone twice before just accepting that this phone will never live up to Motorola's promises. It has many, many issues:* Ultra-short battery life and unreliable charging. USB cables that work fine with other phones don't work with this one. Five hours of use is fiction. A couple of hours *at most*  with a brand new battery. Motorola says that five hours is talk only. But why did put in 3G, WiFi or GPS if it was going to be useless on battery power?* Ultra-feeble GPS. Often it simply will not find satellites outdoors. On a clear day it takes several minutes of driving for it to find the satellites, worse in overcast or rainy weather.* Very poor built-in microphone: people are constantly asking me to repeat a little louder.* Spontaneous freezes, shut downs, reboots, and switches to silent mode. That is why I exchanged my original phones. I thought the third one was better. But it started doing this after a couple of months --too late for a store exchange or refund--, and it has grown worse over time.* A severe memory leak clogs up the built-in flash memory with junk log files until the phone becomes useless. Only solutions are factory reset, losing all data and apps you installed, or rooting the phone to nuke the offending log files. Motorola has known about the issue for at least a year; they've done nothing to fix this garbage-collection bug. Other Android phones don't have this defect; it is a product of Motorola hacking the Android platform.* 3g/WiFi (data) stop working. Apps won't update, web times out even on a five-bar WiFi connection. Only solution is to do a "hard" reboot (pull out battery and put back in).* Crippleware product: The phone can't be used as a wifi hotspot, even by paying extra. Motorola intentionally created a defective Android OS which has had a core Android function amputated.* No update of Android to 4.0 or 4.1, not even to Gingerbread (Android 2.3). Motorola is making  many of its current (2011-2012) phones obsolete, and to add insult to injury, it is offering a $100 rebate if you turn in your recently-bought handset and buy certain (overpriced) Android 4 phones. None of which work with Virgin, only with the dinosaur carriers (Sprint, Verizon, AT&T;).If you think I'm exaggerating, drill down into the 1- or 2-star reviews here, or check out the reviews on the Virgin site, where scathing reviews abound and even many "positive" reviews recognize the problems but make excuses like that it's much better than the idiot phones prepaid services had 2-3 years ago.Google --which now owns Motorola-- is making a huge mistake in not ordering its subsidiary to withdraw this phone from the market and offer credits or rebates to make amends. A year ago I would have unhesitatingly given Google a five-star rating as a company. Not any more.And I don't know if other Motorola phones are as unreliable or poorly supported as this one, but I don't care: after the Triumph, I will not buy another Motorola phone ever again.

Motorola Triumph with Virgin prepaid is a useless phone with serious issues. Battery is very poor and requires twice daily charging with any amount of use. In fact it would die unused by the end of working day. Camera quality is good but the hardware is often unresponsive and needs frequent shutdowns. The calendar app keeps crashing and its unique to Motorola alone. I was grandfathered to older $25 a month plan, so for me Virgin with unlimited data plan is best bargain I can ever get. GPS in this phone with GoogleMap makes my Garmin obsolete. I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone.

I switched over from verizon due to lack of service in my area and their expensive plans. I originally had virgin mobile, but they didn't offer smart phones at the time. I bought the triumph thinking it was like the other smart phones my friends loved that were on the market.First flaw i found was the GPS has not worked since day one, which is awful when you're an EMT and use it on a daily basis. It never locks on to your location. The few times it has locked, as soon as i start moving it loses the lock and never calculates.Second flaw: The phone randomly shuts on and off without being dropped or anything.3rd: The button's freeze and don't respond, especially the back button.4th: The camera won't come up..just a lit black screen with the android bar across the top. The few times the camera has come up, once the flash goes off the camera battery goes red and the phone shuts off..even when fully charged.5th: It's VERY hard to hear anything..and for others to hear meI paid out of pocket with tax $320 for this phone..and i probably could've gotten something alot better for the price from another company, but couldn't validate paying $150 a month for service that wasn't unlimited with little/no reception.

I wanted to like this phone. I really did. Unfortunately, there were issues with GPS taking forever to lock on, there was this annoying 'leak' of light in the lower left hand corner of the screen, and finally the operating system now is just way out of date. Much better phone for Virgin are available now that are a million times better quality. I had to return this after like 2 days of trying to like it.

i absolutely love this phone..its everything i wanted in a phone...no complaints here. i like downloading apps on this phone.

I bought this phone hoping it would be a good replacement for my last one.  I figured because it is motorola that it would be a good phone but I have had it for a year hoping I would grow to like it but as time has pasted the more I have come to hate it.  The only reason I have not gotten a new phone is because I keep hoping they'll get an iPhone or Samsung Galaxy, which they do have now.This phone likes to freeze a lot and the touch screen doesn't always work.  The back button stops working and I have to shut off the screen and relog in.  The plug for ear phones is also kind of messed up.  Sometimes I plug in earphones and the music is quiet and I need to turn the volume up all the way and other times the music is blasting on the lowest setting.If you need a phone with a good GPS do not get this phone!  The GPS only works sometimes. It can not always find me even though I am outside.  The navigation hardly ever works and when it does work the phone likes to sometimes turn OFF and restart itself while I'm driving. Which means I need to reprogram the address while driving or pull over which is not fun while on the highway.Plus if you want a lot of apps, it does not have a lot of internal memory and when you have little space left my phone will not receive texts. After I clear the messages, sometimes I get the texts and other times notIt is definitely not worth $200!!!! I've had to many problems.  I would recommend upgrading and buying a better phone. Unless you're okay with these problems.

How bad is it? This craptastic phone actually made me MISS having my Samsung Intercept!!! At least I could HEAR PEOPLE TALK on the Samsung! At least the Samsung would RING when people called! At least the Samsung would TELL you if you missed a call! At least the Samsung had a DECENT speakerphone! At least the Samsung would REALLY VIBRATE when the vibration was turned on! At least you were able to TETHER the Samsung! I didn't know how good I had it 'til I got this lousy garbage phone. I only bought it because I trusted the Motorola name. I've had excellent Motorola cell phones in the past and we use their excellent radios on my job. Motorola should be ashamed to have their good name sullied by this horrible phone!After a month and a half of torture from this crappy phone I sold it for $60.00 towards an iPhone (a phone that's known to really work!) and I took a $200.00 loss! I guess the word is getting out that this phone is TRASH.

The Motorola Triumph is one of the best phones i came across in the Prepaid Industry, it has all of the same qaulities as any other high end smartphone. If you are looking for a phone that can do all the same as a bill smartphone but not be stuck in a contract and be satisfied with it i recommend this phone right here.

The phone is really a small tablet.  It does everything I want it to.Easy to set up.  Between the function of the phone and the price/valueof Virgin Mobile you can not go wrong.

Awesome phone, love it and almost everything about it..Pros:-Runs Android-Huge Screen-External speakers are loud-Runs Android-1ghz processor(faster than my first pc!)Cons:-Large, Bulky,-Hard to get out of my pocket-Headphones could be a bit louder-Battery sucks

I really wanted to love this phone since VM needs higher-end phones to compete with contract plans.  I liked everything about the phone except the bluetooth and the wi-fi.  These are common complaints about this phone, but many reviewers didn't have these problems, so I took a chance.  The bluetooth drops the connection on a Plantronics headset and a Jabra headset.  I also tried in with my Garmin GPS, but with every bluetooth device the phone would drop the connection after a couple minutes.  Since I spend hours every day on the phone for business, it was a deal-breaker for me.  The wi-fi would also drop, which was not good, but I could probably live with that flaw.The larger display is sharp and responsive.  I didn't have any lag or freezing.  The call quality was good.I did notice that the signal strength meter consistently showed fewer bars than the LG Optimus V that I replaced, but the actual call quality was just as good even with just one bar.  In the end, I swapped back to the Optimus V and returned the Triumph.  If it weren't for the bluetooth issues, I would have given this five stars. But for the money, it shouldn't have problems with such basic features such as bluetooth and wi-fi.

Do the research and you'll quickly learn of this phone's horrible track record.. GPS doesn't work, battery must be removed and replaced to turn on EVERY TIME, texting quits, terrible battery life. VM just keeps sending you refurbished phones until you give up. Stay a million miles away from this kraptacular product.

i bought this phoone in feburary.. and i deciced i wanted to activate it  & the serial number is invalid!!-.- i paid all that money for nothing!! i cant even activate my phone!

I'm coming off an HTC EVO 4G and downgraded to this thing to save money.  To start with, the 4G coverage at work and home was horrendous so I left it on 3G the whole time.  I say this because I'm sure people will get upset with me for comparing a 4G to a 3G.  This is not the case.Anyway...the phone:  It sucks.  It's the worst touch screen myself or my family has ever had.  I generally have to click on an icon two to three times before anything actually happens.  And the physical keys are just that much worst.  There are times when I want to hit the back button and would have to try with different angles of my finger in different spots on the button in the hopes that it actually goes anywhere.  Also, frequently while listening to music and I pause it when I come back and hit play it just sits there.  The pause button turns back into the play button button as if it's playing but no music no movement on the progress bar.  I found if I clear the app data and fore close, I can relaunch the app and start playing music again.  Major pain.  Next, the power button is in probably the worst possible spot.  It's directly across from the volume buttons...I occasionally accidentally press the volume buttons when I hit the power button.  I've accidentally powered up in to some weird boot screen because as it turns out, if you hold the down volume when you boot up.  Call quality is pretty crappy.  It's hard to hear and be heard sometimes.  My phone randomly drops calls if I've been on for more than about 10 minutes.  And finally, the data speed.  I don't know if it's the Virgin network (which I thought was running on Sprint) or the phone but my 3G coverage is abismal.  A speedtest.net test has me running at about 400kbps down and up.  This is the first time I've turned on 3G since my month renewed so it's not throttled.  My EVO's 3G on Sprint ran much much better than that.I'm holding onto this phone just long enough for the change to make financial sense (5 months) then I'm kicking it to the curb...HARD!

I've had the Motorola Triumph for almost a week and I think I'm ready to give a decent review.For starters, what everyone else says about the GPS signal is completely true, it sucks.  I can't get a signal, and I've never go it to work properly.  This isn't so much of a deal breaker because I don't have a need for GPS.  It is annoying, but I can manage.  The second con I want to get over with is the battery.  If you do a lot of surfing, prepare to carry a charger wherever you go.  It doesn't hold up very well.  I hope Virgin Mobile ups the OS to 2.3 to cure some of the battery management issues that 2.2 can't seem to control.  I have Advanced Task Killer installed, and it's helped some, but I would much rather an upgrade to 2.3With the cons out of the way, let me get to the pro's.  It's insanely quick, they aren't kidding when they say it has a snapdragon processor, it is very snappy.  The screen is bright and looks pretty good.  It does get a little washed out in sunlight, but its manageable.  What would take five seconds for my LG Optimus V to accomplish takes less than a second with this.  It support flash, which is awesome (Apple, take note) and lets you watch anything you want on the interwebs, very awesome.If I had to do it again, I might have waited until 2.3 was released for the Triumph, but I'll wait and see what happens.  I'm waiting for the modding community to release a fully functional 2.3 flash before I go that route.

I bought it to replace an aging LG optimus V.  The "motorola" (turns out, is made by someone else) was a big let down.Pros:Big screencons:The soft keys on the bottom were hit or miss -- press a key, it might activate, it might not,the camera specs were be brilliant, the images had a horrible green blur in the center.the battery life was horriblewould drop callsno wifi hotspotafter about 1 month would no longer charge at all (brick) Went home to Bestus Buyus.I pressed the Optimus V back into service, and I haven't looked back!

This phone is a nice size and you can download good apps...I can watch movies on my phone just from netflix...

I wanted a nice phone but this one sucked bad it a Virgin Mobile which runs off sprint network please save your money and buy a better phone..

Can't give 0 stars.  The lady didnt say the phone doesnt charge and the batteries all die within 2 or 3 hours even if you aren't doing anything. The 3 cases it came with were either wayy to dirty or broken so i had no cases and when you call someone on the phone it calls voicemail or the screen glitches, worst phone ever.

This phone is a catastrophe. I've owned other android devices, a blackberry, sidekick, iPhone 1 and the 3G, two razors a Sony Ericsson and a few other random phones. This is the worst phone BY FAR. I'm going to just put bullet points to make this easier. I'm on my second replacement and it's getting worse. People HATE using my phone because it's that horrible.- phone features such as gps Bluetooth and wifi are very very buggy and often don't work. The gps issue is well documents online. Wireless features are crucial to a cellphone.-the phone freezes and resets itself constantly. This happens without loading any new apps on the phone and will hit you too eventually.-the screen is big but the touch responsiveness and screen quality is just horrid. You can tell Motorola just threw a bunch of Frankenstein parts together to make a cheap prepaid phone.-phone is slowwwwww and so is the data. People on the other end can't hear me. My phone freezes in between toggling texts.-battery life is abysmal. I'd say 3 hours talk time vs their advertised 4.-too many background tasks and this phone goes insane and sometimes does not turn back on.-the headphone and audio software and chipset is greatly faulted. This is well documentd. The volume is very low unless you make a phone call before plugging your headphones in and play music. So ridiculous for a $300 phone! I'm considering buying a used iPod to listen to music bc my phone that should do this well does not!- many tiny misc bugs you'll notice after using this phone for a while. I cannot wait to get rid of it.Stay far far away from this phone if you want a reliable working phone with an ounce of quality in it. Motorola is not offering any updates to this phone to fix glitches and bugs, they obviously do not stand behind their products.

I did not purchase my Motorola Triumph from Amazon, but directly from Virgin Mobile during their Cyber Monday special.  I have been a Virgin Mobile subscriber for over 7 years now, and have found their phone plans to offer good value.  The Triumph was to replace a Samsung Intercept which is my personal phone.  We also have a couple of lines with the Optimus V and a PayLo flip phone which my wife uses.After using the Triumph for about 6 weeks now, I've pretty much learned all the quirks of the device.  Generally speaking, it's a pretty decent phone, especially when compared to the Intercept.  The large screen, speedy processor, and abundant amount of internal memory puts it heads above the aging Samsung.  For my particular unit, its chief problem areas are the slow GPS lock and erratic bluetooth operation.The Triumph has some neat features.  I love the notification light for when you have emails waiting or have missed texts or calls.  I also appreciate and have used the HDMI output which can be a really useful feature.  Battery life is like with most smartphones, if you're lucky you'll get a day's worth of use.  I just always try to have a spare charger available.GPS on my Motorola works, it just takes about 90 seconds or so before I get lock.  Once lock is achieved, Google Navigation is as good as with the Intercept and Optimus phones.  My greatest beef with the Triumph is the bluetooth operation.  When at home, I like to have our smartphones connect via bluetooth to an XLink Bluetooth Gateway.  This device allows inbound and outbound cellular calls to be routed to a 6 handset Panasonic cordless phone system around the house.  Unfortunately, the Triumph will not maintain a stable connection to the XLink.  The Samsung Intercept never had a problem, nor do the two Optimus V's.  Reading Motorola Triumph forums, it is obvious that this phone has bluetooth problems.Still, considering the many other positives about the phone, I am fairly happy with the Motorola Triumph.  For now I am living with the lack of bluetooth connectivity to our XLink.  I am keeping my fingers crossed that Motorola will roll out a software upgrade that could fix many of the problems.  If not, then perhaps I will have to root the phone and upgrade the OS myself.  I like the Triumph and plan on using it for several more years.Edit:  I wanted to update my comment regarding Bluetooth issues I was having between my Triumph and XLink Bluetooth Gateway.  On a whim, I decided to do an update of the firmware on my XLink.  Believe it or not, the update fixed the connection issues I was having.  After a week of use, I am now finding that the Triumph will now maintain a mostly reliable connection to the XLink.  On occasion a newly established connection will break in 2 or 3 minutes.  If that happens, I just toggle Bluetooth in the Triumph off, then back on.  Generally, that will get things right and if it holds for more than a few minutes, it's good for the duration.  All in all, I am just delighted with my Motorola Triumph.  It's proving to be a really nice phone with plenty of grunt to get the job done.Edit 7-28-12:  I have now owned and used my Triumph for 8 months, and about a month ago, I started seeing reductions in my free RAM not attributed to new application installations.  Research showed me that there can be an issue where the system begins eating away memory due to ever growing log files.  I rooted the phone to correct the problem, but then got brave enough to install an alternate operating system.  I chose BSydz port of a Sharp ROM because it preserves the functionality of the HDMI output, and improves GPS operation tremendously.  For me, it's almost like getting a new phone and I would highly recommend this software modification.  Everything else about my Motorola Triumph continues to function normally.

We've been using the Motorola Triumph for over a month and we've used Virgin Mobile on and off for over 6 years.  So far, my wife and I love the Motorola Triumph and we love Virgin Mobile.  The Motorola Triumph feels like a high end smartphone with great pricing (we chose the $45 per month Virgin Mobile BEYOND TALK plan).  We had the iPhone 3G for 2+ years.  My wife upgraded to the iPhone 4 and I upgraded to the HTC Inspire 4g.  While we both enjoyed the phones, we did not enjoy the monthly bill...as high as $450 (normally $200+).  I am in the military stationed in Japan and I've used Virgin Mobile for the last 6 years while I've been stateside on vacation and business.  The coverage area (Sprint Network) for Virgin Mobile is great for my needs (major cities, suburbs, major roads and interstate driving).  The Motorola Triumph is a great smartphone that's more capable than the iPhone 3G but it's not in the iPhone 4S or Samsung Galaxy Class.  For me, the price, functionality and coverage area more than compensates for the technical specs.  The GPS has some issues and the camera freezes from time to time...nothing that a restart doesn't fix.  Overall, I don't buy smartphones for their camera & GPS.  Similarly, I don't go to Pizza Hut looking for a hamburger.  If anything, these features are merely a bonus and "nice to have."  The phone works great and the Apps Store (Google Play) has more apps then I know what to do with.  All in all, it's different strokes for different folk.  My wife and I enjoy NOT having a car note and we don't carry a lot of credit card debt.  I am NOT a fan of a 2 year contracts for anything.  If you are practical and financial minded, the Motorola Triumph gives you the best of both worlds (high end features for the budget minded person).  In closing, My wife and I am a huge fan of Virgin Mobile and the Motorola Triumph.  If you manage your expectations, you will not be disappointed at all with the Motorola Triumph.

Great phone i just can't seem to put it down i play games watch youtube videos & much more i love it thanks.

This is currently the best pre-paid phone available in the USA.The Virgin Mobile plans are also an excellent value. Pre-paid is the best way to go. Don't get yourself trapped in a plan you can't escape with the other companies. Sure they will give you a free or cheap phone, but be prepared to give up your first born too !Nice big 4.1 inch screen is bright and vivid. Easy on the eyes. The screen is also very sensitive and responsive to your touch. This phone is very fast with good response and no noticeable lag. Apps load fast and buttons and menus respond quickly.The build quality is nice and solid and the phone is very thin. The phone is covered in a dark brown to black velvety, rubberized type of finish. It feels good in your hand. The replaceable battery and micro-SD card are underneath. A 2GB Micro-SD card is included. I put in a 32GB class 10 card so I have plenty of room for apps, music, videos, and data.Like most smart-phones with large screens this phone sucks juice. So charge often and manage your power settings. I would also recommend buying a spare battery so you have power whenever you need it. They are available at good prices here on Amazon.Sound quality from the earpiece is decent. Volume is a bit low at times and sometimes a bit muffled. Still it is entirely usable and not bad and typical of many current generation smart-phones. Sound quality will depend on your cell site connection and ambient noise conditions where you are.Netflix movies and shows play like a charm and look great on the big, vivid, clear screen.You are going to enjoy this phone folks. If you are on Virgin Mobile, then this is a definite upgrade. If you are not yet a Virgin Mobile customer, well you better get switching.

This phone looks nice, is fast. But it reboots randomly, A LOT. Tried everything, even installed CyanogenMod7. Still reboots. What a pity.Another issue is the GPS. A GPS locks usually takes way too long that it becomes unusable.

This phone replaced my US Cellular Samsung Acclaim that was a total piece of garbage.  This phone however is everything I wanted it to be.  I'm the kind of user that will work a phone, being an active Realtor who uses the GPS functionality and browser constantly.  This phone does not disappoint.I have worked this little puppy pretty hard over the last few days and I haven't once needed to restart or pull a battery.  Halleluiah!!I keep mini usb cables at my desk at work, in the car, in my livingroom and offices; so I'm able to plug in at anytime if the battery looks low.  Actually, this battery does pretty well considering the work I've been throwing at it.The icing on the cake (and this is A LOT OF ICING...) is that I've got a Virgin Mobile plan with unlimited minutes, data, texting for $55 a month !!!  Completely better phone, (reasonably priced through Amazon.. don't buy through Virgin!!) and a WAY cheaper plan.This is a no-brainer.  It's such an unbelievable deal, nobody well... believes me!!  I get nothing but blank stares when I tell my friends who are paying double.  It's like they can't believe what I'm saying is true.. but it is.  I love it.Go on.  Go ahead and keep paying Verizon or whoever twice what you need to.  It's your money... soon to become theirs.But back to the phone... my only possible criticism is that a WIFI hotspot is not available with this unit or via Virgin Mobile.  So far, not an issue.

I've had my Triumph for about 8 months now. I upgraded from the LG Optimus V (a good little phone but suffered from memory issues). I've had no such issues with the Triumph. It has more than enough memory to run any app I throw at it. In addition to being a decent phone, it streams Netflix with no issues and works great as a music player. It also can handle my 32GB SD card with no problem.However, the touch screen is less responsive than the one on the Optimus, and it will occasionally reset itself for seemingly no reason at all. I'm also not keen on the SD card being located inside the battery compartment, but since you can plug the phone into your computer with the included cable and access the SD card that way, it's not too inconvenient.

I have had this phone for amost a year & its has given me the most probelms! Thank God I had a warranty on it or I would have been spent over a $1000 dollars on replacement phones. I currently have it now and the battery has burned out on it but my warranty went up a week ago so instead of getting new phone Im leaving virgin mobile! they havent done anything for me at all and I called customer service atleast twice a month with a complaint...I just refuse to deal with this phone any longer...besides the huge screen, its really a piece of junk!its crazy how 3 of my friends warned me not to get it & I still got it anyway.I learned my lesson and I hope you all listen unlike me...the reviews on The VM website abt this phone are horrible!! please listen and seek another phone else where!!!

I am a stay at home Mom-- which means that I am running around all day chasing chores, activities, you name it.  This phone has really made my life easier.  I resisted the smart phone thing because I had used phones with opera web browser and they were totally useless.  Not the android.  When I went to the pharmacy to pick up a prescription and I needed to contact the dr, the pharmacy gave me a fax number to call-- not a problem since it is easy to look up the number I need with the browser.  Finally, I see a point to using a gps device, I just look up the address I need on the internet, click on it, and am directed to the navigation program.  So cool.  When my children want Dunkin Donuts, I can look up the closest one and get there, easily.  And the Google Calendar was SO worth getting a gmail address.  Finally, a calendar on a phone that you can actually use!I have been able to use multiple programs simultaneously but it doesn't come up often, so I don't know if there are any bugs there.  I have had issues with the bluetooth and wireless networking functions not functioning properly, when the phone says they are turned on.  It is a fairly regular occurrence to turn the bluetooth on and off to get it to go.  But it is such a minor, occasional thing that it doesn't bother me.Obviously the value from Virgin Mobile is fab.  I have been using the phone for over 3 months now, and am very happy with it.Update:  8/17/2012I love my phone.  I now use it to listen to sirius radio through the app.  It goes between phone calls, navigation, and the sirius app pretty well, although not flawlessly.  I would choose my phone and the virgin plan all over again!

if the lag doesnt annoy you, then the interface will, and if that doesnt then sound card will. Every time im running pandora or listening to mp3's and i get a notification(text message/email) the sound dampens and will not play at normal levels??? this is due to the cheap design. Ive tried customizing it to make up for the lack in quality but doesnt stand up to my standards after owning an HTC EVO

This came SUPER FAST! It was packaged very well and it was exactly what I wanted for roughtly $40 cheaper then Target was retailing. I like the Triumph because its only $35/month an extra $5 with insurance and its fast. It has a lot of free apps/free music downloads. I had an iPhone before and it took a long time for me to get used to the Triumph keyboard, but I have it down now (after a month or two). I would encourage others to do as I do, because you're saving buckets of cash in the long run. And who on earth is going to have a mobile for a short period of time? lol

Love the large screen, easy to maneuver & use. Durable & sturdy, yet nice and slim. Downloads like lightening. Fast moving with tons of great apps to choose from. Love the fact that I can prepay & have no commitment to a cell phone contract. Very user friendly & i love that the phone has some weight to it.

I doubt anyone will believe me but this phone is horrible. Its the worse phone ever! I bought this phone at the end of April and since than I am now waiting on my 4th replacement phone. I have the phone plan with 1200 minutes but you want to know how many minutes I've been able to use this month...271 minutes! That's all! I just got a replacement phone on July 8th and the sound went out on the new phone. I can't talk on the phone and it doesn't have any sound. So a month later I am getting another phone. Please pass this phone by don't buy it. The battery is horrible and the phone calls are muffled no matter what you do. No one understands me when I do get the phone to work and try to talk to someone. Seriously there are better phones. This phone should not even be allowed to be bought.

Phone arrived and was slow to activate; once activated it repeatedly shut itself off without having the power button pressed.  I couldn't use it, so I returned it.

I really really wanted to like this phone. Having been a Virgin Mobile customer for a year, I wanted to upgrade from my LG Optimus to something newer, sleeker and with better features. I do think this phone looks great. It is bigger than the Optimus, but I like it. The bigger screen is great. I did, however, have to return this phone 2 times, and after the 3rd one started having issues, I finally returned it for a full refund. With my first and third phones, I had very poor call quality. I could hear the other person on the line clearly, but often got complaints that I sounded like I was in a tunnel and very far away. I had problems with all three phones freezing and restarting and the occasional "white out" screen. The battery life wasn't great at all, even after charging the battery for 4 hours (as recommended in the instructions) before 1st use. I would get maybe 3 1/2 hours of use while at school before having to recharge. I did web browse, text message, and play the occasional game, but I don't think it was so much as to drain my battery! This phone did charge quickly, usually in about an hour and a half to two hours. I really wanted to like this phone, so much that I gave it THREE tries! I'm a little upset considering all of the positive reviews! I have heard rumors that Amazon's batch of Triumph phones are defective, but I can't verify that. I can only tell my experiences and unfortunately, none were positive. I really hope they can get the bugs worked out because it's a great looking phone.

I'm not gonna lie, its a typical touchscreen phone, it tends to freeze when u really need to use it, the screen does black at times, the phone acts retarded, but its the best touch screen phone you can get for virgin mobile, it has smaller camera in front so you can face chat, but with the sprint service, the signal always Always Always sucks. But like i said, if you don't want to pay 110 bucks a month for a date plan touchscreen phone then this is the way to go, its not the best but it'll get the job done. i pay 55 bucks a month for unlimited data plan which oh yeah slows down if you go over 2gigs, and 300 mins is $35 a month but since that's not enough mins i pay $50 for 800 i think to prevent my service from being cut off. hopefully Virgin mobile comes out with a better phone and I'll get it.

Let me begin by stating I wish I would have taken the negative reviews into consideration. I gave the two stars not just for the phone but also the poor customer service with Motorola. The last time I use the Motorola Triumph was in January now it is June. I first got the phone in Black Friday after looking at the reviews and little research I spent $300. When I first got the phone I was excited. I never had an android phone before and was Impress by the features as compare to the iPhone/iPod touch I have. For example you can upload files in desktop mode on the Internet, the amount of free apps on the market, the keyboard.  I notice I never had more than 2 bars regarding signal for phone services. Alot of people talk about how big the phone was but I was a little disappointed since I expected a bigger phone, it was not a big issue to me. The big issue major issue was the phone not charging properly. When I first got the phone I had no charging issues. A week later I would have to position the cord a certain way for the phone to charging weeks later the phone just stop charging. I research and saw many people had the same with the charging port. I called the Motorola customer department to have the phone repair. At the time I was moving and I really could not be without a phone. I cancel the repair. I brought a can of air. It work... For a week then it when back to it old tricks. I was at my new house and decide to sent to have my phone repair with a new  address. I sent the phone. One week later I check the status and it said the phone was deliver to my house. It was not. I called the Motorola customer service regarding the issue. It turned out it was delivered to my old address even though my address on my file. I went to my old apartment to see it was not there. Although it was verified they deliverEd my phone to the wrong address they insisted not to mail me a new phone until they had a UPS person go check even though I told them I already did. I am and always friendly but a lot of staff are flat out rude and ugly. I the process of getting my phone fixed and replace took over month. When I called the customer service i get place on hold 15 min or longer on several occasions, when though I have a case number I asked to be transfer to another department, they insisted on having me tell what happen for the tenth time (no over exaggeration) then the person tries to verify if they mail my phone to the wrong address when mean them calling FedEx again me being place on hold for 20 min by the time they transfer me I am on hold again for god knows how long then by the time i get transferred to right department the person is not here to help with my situation. By the time I do talk to the "right person" they say will talk to someone else and called me back. 4 days pass and I get no callEd then I have to go through the process again. By the time I got my cell phone at the end of Feb it still was not charging, so I brought another charger. It still was not working. So I gave up. I went to cricket. Well I about to go to college and the city I am moving to cricket does not operate there. I still have the phone so I did some research and read on the android forum if the battery for the Motorola triumph have been dead for a long period time it will not charge. I should get another battery tomorrow and I will update if it works or not. Motorola should have test the phone out longer before releasing it and they need to train their customer service staff. I understand they work long day and encounter rude disrespectful people but not be that does not give them the right to be rude to a customer because it is the end of the day and you wanna go home. Initial: 4.4 stars Now: 2 stars. Take all reviews into consideration!

At $210 vs. $280 on virgin mobiles website, who can argue that the chance isnt worth it? Honestly, this phone is great considering the competition on vm's lineup. I saw alot of negative reviews on this  website and I'm here to clerify a few issues. The screen is amazing, 4.1 inches with a responsive ambient light sensor make it easy on the eyes and nice for light reading and decent for viewing content. I've seen no "blue hues" as some people claim plague the handset. An issue like that is more likely to be a faulty handset not an issue seen on every product. I have had the device reset on me a few times while putting it through heavy use but if you think of the processor to ram specs this could be an issue on any device in its performance range (1ghz to 512 ram ratio). The form factor is mostly screen which makes sense with it being a touch screen phone. thats a good thing in my opinion sinse it's touch screen. No fluff, no problem. The physical button orientation can be a bit unnerving if youre use to the traditional android device configuration but grows on you quickly. This isnt a power house device that you would find on contract based companies, but it gives them a run for their money with its 5.0 megapixel camera with flash and front facing 1.3 megapixel cam. It cant run gameloft games, I cant stress that enough because thats the main difference. Other than that most of the specs make it a decent front runner for pre paid customers looking for a phone with good specs capable of keeping in par with top shelf phones. FOOT NOTE: those interested in bench mark tests: this phone ranks between a sony experia x10i and a samsung galaxy s. Samdung being the higher of the two and above the optimus marquee offered by boost mobile.. Hope this clarifies some of the stereo types of the triumph. POSTED FROM MY TRIUMPH.

The Motorola Triumph is a feature-laden phone that has some problems that need to be addressed.For standard voice features, this phone performs solidly.  Audio is clear and it is easy to make and receive calls.  Using other features of this phone left me disappointed.  The Internet worked as advertised, however the GPS functionality took too long to search for destinations.The touchpad was quite sensitive and worked very well.  The large 4.1" LCD screen made it easy to view, although the display has a slighly bluish cast.My biggest disappointment with this phone was its Bluetooth functionality.  The phone paired and connected with my 2 devices and then lost the signal within 20-30 minutes.  I tried repeatedly to re-pair and connect this phone and it it would always hang up.  Reading on the Internet, I discovered that many others had this same problem.  I even contacted Motorola to see if they had a firmware update or fix for the Bluetooth problem.  They refused to acknowledge that this problem even existed.  Motorola told me to do a hard reset of the phone and other devices in order to make it work.  In a last ditch effort, I suggested that Motorola report this problem to upper management in order to fix the problem.  I never heard back about a solution.  Since Google has bought out Motorola Mobility, they were not all that concerned for fixing this problem.  As a result, I bought a phone from htc and my Bluetooth problem was "fixed."If you are looking for a fully-featured Android phone without a contract, the Motorola Triumph would be one to consider.  But until they correct the shortcomings of this phone, I would advise phone buyers to look elsewhere.

Like the large screen and good call quality.Don't like it when you hit the Apps Icon and the display hangs and won't let you scroll down. Don't like it when you are entering numbers to get through a phone menu and the on-screen keypad disappears. I blame this on the location of the proximity sensor. This sensor is meant to turn your screen off when making a call, not when using the keypad.Went back to my tried and true LG Optimus V. I praise VM for the many, gee whiz, smartphones we can now choose from but I will use the Optimus V till the software is out of date.

I recently rooted this phone and installed a custom port of CyanogenMod 7 onto it. And I also have it overclocked at about 1.6Ghz. It runs smoothly and I'm happy about my purchase. Keeps up pretty well with a friend's Motorola Atrix, though it's certainly not faster.Alos, the build quality of this phone is top notch. Soft touch alround, Gorilla Glass front, metal back. And really quite slim. The biggest issue I have with the body is that the battery cover is almost too easy to get open - it sometimes comes off when I pull it out of my pocket. Though this is easily fixed with a case.Camera quality is great outdoors in even sunlight, but terrible most of the time indoors and in dark enviroments. The flash does help though. 720p video looks good on the screen, but not the best blown up. Again, it's much better outdoors in good, even sunlight. The front-facing camera, at VGA resolution, is crap. But still good for video chat. And the bonus of Gingerbread is that you can actually use it for video chat on Skype.The screen is gorgeous, bright, and crisp. It's no qHD, but it looks as good as the screen on the Droid 3 or Droid Bionic. At 4.1 inches it's a perfect size, and not so big as to make it an uncomfortable phone to hold.The biggest let down of this device is the battery life though. It is improved by CM7, but it's still a bit lacking. An extra batter and external charger solved the issue quite well, however.Some problems that CM7 solves are: screen flickering when waking device, random reboots, sound quality, it gives you Wi-Fi Hotspot support, and so many other things. Not to mention you can tweak the appearance to your heart's content. As far as UI goes, you can't tell the difference between the one on my Triumph and the one on the DroidX/DroidX2.Again, this a good prepaid Froyo handset, but, with the right modifications, it's an awesome prepaid Gingerbread handset. The best, I'd say.

I had ordered a motorola triumph and i only recieved the phone. There was a misunderstanding with the ordering and the company did a great job handeling the matter in a efficeint timely manner. They did everything possible to make sure i was compensated and satisfied. Very good service upon the mis-understanding in the begining.

I was using a Virgin Mobile Optimus V prior to buying this phone andthought this would be a nice upgrade. I was wrong. this phone is terrible.Horrible reception, super slow, slow connectivity to wireless. Lots ofproblems. I returned this phone and bought the New version of the Optimusand it works great.Don't waste your time with this Triumph.

My preference initially was the iPhone.  After trying out different smart phones, I decided to try it.  It was extremely user friendly and within a very short time, I was up and running ... boy did I love me so iPhone.  However the cost of keeping it was just too much.  I've replaced it 2-3 times as my car just seemed to destroy them,  and lost it a couple of time times at workshops and events.  I go to the lost and found and see lots of phones, but never the iPhone.  Although I always got another one, it kept me under contract with AT&T; and I wanted out!  When I lost it again, I decided to use a replacement phone and start the  process of finding a phone that fit my quirkly way of learning.I came to realized I like the no contract route, so next was to find the right phone.  After a few tries over the holiday I decided to get this product since it was on sale.  Its been a slow process, but I am getting there.  The more I take the time to really get into it, the more I like it.The first indication that I knew this would be my phone is that I seem to remember to take it with me and I hadn't done that since the iPhone.  I have a couple of iTouch, but I have a feeling I can leave those home now.  And the cost, oh my goodness!  Although I have had customer service issues with Virgin Mobile, once I got past that initiation period, everything is fine.  I can switch my monthly plan to suit my usage.  I started at with 300 minutes, unlimited messaging and data ...awesome.  Over a few weeks I realized I didn't want to be concerned about going over my minutes so I went to 1200 minutes for 45.00 and with $5 a month insurance.  The iPhone cost me double that amount and at times more.  With A&T; I had a huge number of rollover minutes, and if I wanted to downgrade, I lose them and that is when I decided to go the no contract route.  If things get tight, I can go back down to 300 (hopefully) but the anxiety of not being able to have a decent phone within my budget is no longer an issue.I have a phone and I call is Ossie's Triumph.  I even turned down a 4S iPhone that a friend was going to give me because he was due for an upgrade. I said thanks, but no thanks, not going back down that road again.Yes I LIKES my smartphone ... and I am becoming smarter too.  ::::giggling:::

The Internet is very slow on this phone and it freezes but its okay if you don't really use it

Im coming off the rumor touch(great phone btw) and since i knew i was in the sprint coverage area i decided to upgrade to the triumph.  Lg's rumor was so good to me that i didnt feel the need to upgrade when the lg optimus v and samsung intercept android phones came out.  But when the bigger screen, android-based, triumph was announced i knew it was time to move on.  After only 2 wks of heavy usage this is just my take on my 1st smartphone and 2nd android-based device.I really like...*  The  4.1 inch screen.  It was the main selling point to me and it looks great.  The screen is very responsive for me too.  I still have the thin screen protector that i think you are supposed to take off but i decided to keep it since the capacitive screen works fine with it on.*  The rubbery feel of the cell.  Some would say its cheap feeling, but i like the better grip/no fingerprints aspect to this.*  Access to android market.  Lots of cool or useful apps.*  The ability to use your mp3s as ringtones.  I thought i would need an app for this but the pre-installed music player has you set out of the box.  I also love being able to set up playlists(this was my main gripe about the rumor touch).  The mp3s sound loud too from two small speakers on the lower bottom.*  The built in camera.  It takes pretty good pics and videos for the most part.  Videos(720p hd) i think could be smoother though.*  Netflix and youtube.  Both work fine usually.  I have occasional buffering at times but most of the time they play smoothly.*  Great to be able to access full sites instead of mobile versions.  I know there are plenty of apps for the mobile sites, but i just bookmark the full sites and specific pages.  The full sites look microscopic at times even on the 4"screen but in landscape mode and with pinch and zoom options most people should be fine.*  Setting up email accounts was easy.  Also, transferring my account from my touch to the triumph was even easier.  You can activate online from virgin mobiles website or on the phone itself.  All the money, minutes, and my $25 status was kept intact.*  3G & wifi-enabled options- best of both worlds.  2gb micro sd card/case/adapter included with support for up to 32gb cards.  Hdmi output also a plus.What i dont like...*  Im a big texter so the touchscreen keyboard is killing me.  Ive gotten better and faster but i miss the slideout keyboard on my rumor touch.*  The back battery cover can get loose.  Im not a case/shell person and i like to keep my cell in my pocket.  So if it rubs up against your pockets or something over time it might cause it to loosen and come off.  However ive never had it come loose by just holding it extensively for calls or browsing.*  Like others, the battery really gets drained pretty fast on mine.  Im in the "barely gets a days usage" group.  If i use it heavily i have to charge it twice.  I have bluetooth and wifi turned off too.  It does charge back up pretty fast though imo.  Btw i havent installed any app killers.  But if i know i wont use the 3G internet option for awhile, i just turn it off(settings, wireless networks, mobile networks, uncheck data enabled)  to save the battery life.*  Speaking of which, like others i only seem to get 1-2 bars out of 4 for the 3G service.  However, that seems to be just enough for anything i want to do on the internet.  As mentioned earlier, i sometimes have some buffering issues with youtube and netflix but im not sure if its a 3G or website issue.  For the record i have seen 4 bars on my triumph before, when i was in midtown.*  On rare occasions i will find the back button or touchscreen a bit unresponsive at times, about a second or two.  Im thinking they have to do more with the apps/software side than the triumphs hardware.  If you have ever read reviews about android 2.2 from android fans, apparently it can get buggy at times.  I knew this going in so a few seconds here and there doesnt bother me.  But make no mistake, most of the time the screen/buttons are buttery smooth like it should be.*  No offense to virgin mobile, but i tried all their VM-related pre-installed apps once...then deleted them off the homescreen.  I didnt care for them at all.Finally, im afraid i dont have wifi at home yet, am not a big fan of facebook/myspace, and dont plan on using this as a gps system so i cant comment on those features.  Most reviews ive read though seem to say the gps function is not that good.  *shrugs*Overall i really like this cell.  For $25/35 a month(maybe free if you got wifi) you can have a mini- tablet of sorts with unlimited data, unlimited texts, and 300 minutes of talk.  300 is not a lot, but with unlimited texting, social networking with unlimited data, and free skype calls(calls work for me but i cant get the video option to work)  to help out, most peple shoud be fine on the lowest cost plan.  In the past i was jealous of my friends smartphones.  But those costly contracts always scared me away.  So im glad VM finally added the triumph to its optimus and intercept line-up....and that lg rumor touch aint too bad either.  Definitely recommended if you are in the virgin mobile coverage area and are tired of those costly contract (albeit cool)cell phones.Note:  target is offering a $50 gift card with purchase 9-4 through 9-10-11 if you cant find one cheap online.

The phone is pretty good. I used to be on verizon and I had a droid X and the original droid, this phone feels like a droid because of the rubbery back which I really liked about the droid phones. I also had a thunderbolt for a short time but didn't like it so much so i returned it, the triumph performs similar to the HTC Thunderbolt because both phones use the same processor. The Camera on the Triumph is a 5mp one but the quality wasn't as great as it could have been. I can also record in 720p which i liked, the playback was a little laggy but that might have been because of the slow memory card preinstalled with the phone. The signal on the phone is not the greatest since its only single band, but it didn't really bother me since all i do is text and use the web occasionally. Battery life so far has not been as good as I hoped it would be but it's not as bad as some people make it out to be. With moderate usage (constant texting through out the day and maybe a few levels of angry birds and 10-15 minutes of web browsing) it last for about 8-10 hours. Since Coming to Virgin Mobile I was able to trim my phone bill from about 110 dollars to about 42 dollars (with insurance on the phone) a month!!PROS:Good ProcessorDecent amount of ramPretty up-to-date GPU (adreno 205)about 1 gig of space on the phone for appsPretty much stock Android with a few bloatware apps2 cameras front and backdecent 4.1 inch touch screennice professional design (to me at least)Solid PhoneCONS:Battery LifePhone SignalCamera qualitySo the Triumph is basically a slightly toned down version of the Thunderbolt or Mytouch 4g, It deserves a Solid 4/5 stars but because its on Vigin Mobiles awesome Prepaid 35/45/55 dollar plans it deserves 5 stars.UPDATE: after letting my battery drain and charging it back up I manage to get one full day (15-18 hours)with moderate usage.

This is my first android phone so I do not have anything to compare it to, but I really love its functionality and everything about it. 1 of the things I like the most is the talk to text feature which I'm using now to write this review. I pick up wifi pretty quickly, the gps does take a little bit of time to get going but does well and is more accurate than my gps. The camera takes really crisp pictures and video is a bit shaky but suitable for a camera phone.The only problem that I have experienced is sometimes when I am on the app screen it is slow to respond.Getting this phone with virgin mobile is certainly better than being stuck with a 2 year commitment on sprint or any of the other large mobile service providers. unless you are a telephone aficionado and need the very very latest in technology this is a sure bet and will certainly get the job done for most users.**UPDATE**All of a sudden I started getting error messages when using the voice dialer.  One said "Open location and security settings" and the other said something like "Check SIM Card settings".  Then the phone started restarting itself every 60 seconds and I was not able to place any calls.  When the phone started to shut down the screen turned blue before blacking out.  I do not know if this is a virus or a common issue but I paid to much for this phone to have it malfunction and I think I need to return it.  I think I might opt for the Optimus V as it seems to be more stable.I would welcome comments on what I have experienced.  I kind of hope there is an easy fix for it as I really like this phone.**SECOND UPDATE**The issue was associated with an app I downloaded called "Advanced App Killer".  A mobile phone emplyee helped me wipe my phone and the problem has ceased to exist.  I have noticed that the app screen takes a couple of seconds to respond to my touch but overall the phone is still working great.Just a note - I got a great price on this phone online $50 cheaper than anywhere else but ther is something to be said for purchasing at retail stores where you can get a 2 year insurance plan for pennies rather than the $5 per month job that VM offers.  Just something to think about related to peace of mind.

I am really pleased with this phone. The size of the display is very nice, and it is preloaded with a lot of usefull apps. Downloads are easy to do, and there are tons of fun things to add to it. My only complaint is the darn battery, no way can it make it through the day of ordinary use. Even doing nothing overnight, it will lose half its charge. The only way around this was to order some extra battries and a charger. Now I go out fully charged and with a spare in my bag, works out fine, but still a pain in the rear.

I have mixed feelings about the Motorola Triumph. Virgin Mobile's monthly rates are excellent, and have significantly reduced my phone bill after switching from Verizon. Furthermore, porting my old number from Verizon wireless was a very simple process.The Good: The Triumph is a very nice looking phone, it comes with stock Android 2.2 without any modifications by Motorola. The phone feels nice and responsive, apps and screen transitions are definitely more fluid than on my old Moto Droid. The battery life feels adequate, at least in my case. I don't stream a lot of media content, but for standard browsing and app usage, the charge easily lasts a full day. The AC adapter/USB cable is standard Motorola, additional chargers can be found very cheaply online.The Bad: Signal strength is very weak. I typically only get one or two bars. Consequently, upload and download speeds are much slower than what my Motorola Droid was capable of on Verizon's network. Online forums and reviews have led me to believe that this is an issue specific to the Triumph, and not indicative of Virgin Mobile's service. Call quality is acceptable, and I haven't dropped many calls in the month I've had the phone. So, it seems to do that well, even when only showing one bar. Your results may vary. The screen is difficult to see in direct sunlight, even with auto brightness enabled. Light leaks from where the screen meets the body of the phone. Lastly, the phone has been out for several months now, and the problems I've outlined seem to be very common. Motorola hasn't done anything to address or acknowledge the connectivity issues, and frankly, I don't think they intend to at this point.In summary, I would recommend Virgin Mobile as a service, but not the Triumph as a phone. Go with the LG Optimus instead.

I am surprised at the popularity of this phone and my unit was considered one of the better phones. Right out of the box, the back cover would not stay on. This was my first android phone, so it was a definite learning experience for me. Even after removing the blue strip on the camera lens, pictures had a strange blueish hue to them. I did not root this phone, maybe it would have been better. The last straw was the call quality, I returned it. Shame on you, Motorola for producing such an inferior product. The same goes for virgin mobile., supporting an inferior phone and deleting negative reviews in your forums. There are much better prepaid phones and prepaid carriers today.  Yes no triumph here, a definite catastrophe!

I had very high hopes for this phone. I wanted to test the reception myself and it is TERRIBLE. I get 0-5% signal sitting in my house and ~10% outside. I got, at best, 25% in most areas while driving around my town. The best signal I experienced was 35% about 1/2 mile from the tower. Data speed/reception non-existent at my house and very slow everywhere else. I'm very happy with it except for the most important part, the reception (it's a PHONE afterall). I've been reading all kinds forums searching for a fix and found nothing, only that a lot of people are experiencing the same problem. Returning this phone and ordering an LG Optimus V.UPDATE: Got the LG Optimus V and tested it out. I'm getting the same signal strength as with the MT. Turns out the Virgin Mobile (Sprint) network doesn't have good coverage in my area.Love the MT screen size compared to the OV, it's a lot easier to type on the MT. I did have issues with the home/back buttons not responding sometimes but that wasn't enough to turn me off of this phone... I LOVE the Motorola Triumph except for the lack of (Sprint) coverage in my area.

I had trouble with this in the first month screen blinking out on me and losing contacted person. I had to shake awake the phone. It was very frustrating when I was using the GPS and was totally lost. It kept losing the info and we had to keep putting the info back in. Virgin Mobile has been a horrible company to deal with. Ive always had good customer service from them but now they are just horrible. They no longer carry this phone so they offered me a $80.00 samsung to replace this and then sent me a non working phone. I had to go out and buy a phone. All the way around I felt like I got screwed.

I am not sure why this phone receives such a good rating. Yesterday, my battery lasted less than 12 hours, and I've had the phone less than 2 weeks. The touchpad often does not respond. The keyboards are difficult to use. I find the phone very aggravating overall.

I had the Optimus V for about 9 months, and I had become satisfied with it after a few initial missteps involving data connectivity.It operated pretty smoothly, didn't really freeze up or have strange unexpected crashes too often, and synced well with my email accounts.I was seduced by the VM Cyber Monday sale offering the MT for 50% off the regular price, however.I figured if I didn't like it, I could just turn around and sell it for what I paid pretty easy.Turns out a lot of other people were thinking the same thing though, and the CL listings became flooded with new-in-box MTs for around that same price.After about a month now, I'm actually warming up to the MT on its own merits.It doesn't get the battery life that the Optimus did, even with Juice Defender.  Also, it just doesn't seem to be as easy to operate for some reason.The data and voice reception issues are far more pronounced with this phone than the Optimus as well.  I haven't taken it out of town yet really, but I don't expect good things up in Tahoe or outside the big urban areas of NorCal.Also, the GPS is pretty troublesome.  It takes 2 to 3 minutes to get a fix on Google Maps, and even then, it's usually off by a few blocks.  That makes it pretty difficult to use for driving, even if you have GM up and running when you start the car.It does have much bigger internal memory, and it can run a few apps much better than the Optimus did, however.One of these is Caustic for Android, a synth/sequencer app.  That's a pretty solid win for the MT, because its my favorite Android app.I'd say buy the MT if you can get it at a sharp discount, but not for full list price.********************1/7/13After a year of ownership, the USB port broke and I obtained a warranty replacement from VM.The replacement phone has a much better gps, although it still takes its time obtaining a lock.I recently took it on a trip to SE Asia, where it outperformed my girlfriend's iPhone 4S as an offline map tool.  I used some mappa maps from the google play store, and google maps itself, often with no data connection.  It would take 2-3 minutes to get a lock, but proved to still be useful.

The design and weight of the phone is great. I loved that aspect. But using the interface itself was such a hassle. Everything seemed sluggish and sometimes unresponsive. Motorola are you sure you put the right processor in the phone? After about two weeks of use, my phone wouldn't charge at all unless you played with the cable and connector. Then the battery died completely. I read online how people went through two or three of these phones because they had the same issue. Why bother? Don't waste your time buying this phone.

GREAT PHONE FOR THE PRICE,DONT BELIEVE  ABOUT A 80% OF COMPLAINS.THIS IS A GREAT PHONE.NEED TO IMPROVE BATTERY LIVE.I HAVE RECOMENDED TO ALL MY FRIEND,LIKE * NORBERTO SIERRA *,GILBERTO,AND MY BROTHERALL OF THEM ARE VERY HAPPY.......MY PLAN STILL ON THE $25 MONTLY.

What a great phone for the price.  The only phone comparable to this I believe would be a high end HTC.  I purchased this for my 11 year old and didn't realize it was such a great device until I unpacked it and set it up.  I wanted to keep it for myself.  The 2 gig processor allows for a flash player so you can watch movies and it even has a micro HDMI to attach your big screen tv, which I found out that he does quite often to watch netflix, which I installed for him.  Great purchase for the money and it's seems to be a better phone then the Optimus V, which I have.  Get it...you won't regret it.  Oh yeah, I watched an old Peter Sellers Pink Panther movie on NetFlix and the screen was spectacular.  It was comfortable to watch and large enough to read the credits.

Ok, So I needed a personal phone since my company provided BB is now very locked down, so much so that I could not install many wanted apps at all, so ok its their phone they can do that. So in researching for a low monthly cost plan, that offered a decent smart phone, I came across the Motorola Triumph. I ordered it and it seemed to work, but it had a strong light bleed coming from the lower left of the screen, you could see it when the screen displayed something dark, that became annoying real fast, the other issue was, the battery life was terrible, it would die within 3 hours or so with some usage but not much.Anyway Amazon sent me a replacement the next day, now this phone has a great screen display, no bleed and the battery life is way way better, still have to charge it every night, but I get 10+ hrs of my personal normal use, like today I unplugged it at 9am, and here it is 11pm and it still shows 30% battery life.. pretty good I think, considering.. I talked, 2hrs, lots of text, face book, twitter, emails, blue tooth is on and some Pandora music.So, yes its kinda a cheaply made Motorola phone, compared to my wife's Droid X, camera is not nearly as good.. but not by much... worth it if you get a good one. I think this 2nd one is for me.Some people posted reviews about the screen going white after pressing the power button, then pressing it back on, I have seen this.. ahhh what can I say, I just flip it off and back on, and its good.. happens occasionally.. I can live with that as long as the phone works and doesn't freeze etc... so far so good.

Great phone no contract costs more up front but in the long run you win, best deal on a 4.1 inch display android phone out there. rooted the first day.

I got this at Best Buy at full retail (had to have it).  Since I am upgrading from a HTC Fuze with 2.7" screen, I was amazed at the 4.1"!  I love the fact that I can just use my finger to input instead of using a stylus.  I cut off the bottom tab of the protective plastic cover and left the cover on the screen - works great, did not have to install the screen protector I ordered.  I figure using my finger to navigate, this shipping cover should last me a good few months.  But then again, maybe it's not needed as the screen is suppose to be Gorilla Glass.I've been collecting free Android Apps on Amazon in anticipation of upgrading to Android.  So Angry Birds was free for me. :-)This phone works great for me although I have read of horror stories from others online... Only thing is that the battery life is short.  If I actively use the phone (backlight on), I would say I can only get 3 hours max.  But that seems to be the case with all smart and feature phones, at least the ones I've owned.  I don't know where these reviews claim the phones have 5-6 hours of talk time.

So I've been making do with my Virgin Mobile Samsung Intercept since day 1. I tolerated all the chiding from my friends about my enormous clunky phone because in the end I was paying a 3rd of their monthly plans. Let's face it, we all got into Virgin Mobile because it was the cheapest plan out there, not because we were the trendiest people (those guys buy a new iPhone each year).If you're like me you figured that one day you would upgrade your phone. After a lot of research I figured I would pick up the Virgin Mobile HTC ONE V when it dropped at the end of this summer (according to rumors). Unfortunately Virgin Mobile recently announced a policy change whereby IF YOU SWAP YOUR PHONE AFTER 5/27/2012 YOU MUST UPGRADE TO THEIR NEW SERVICE PLAN/PRICE. If you are one of the lucky people to get in on their $25/month plan (less if you buy your refills online with coupons/discounts) then to keep being grandfathered in at that price you must upgrade now.The choice came down to the MOTOROLA TRIUMPH or the much lauded OPTIMUS V. I suggest stopping by your local Target so you can fondle the different phones. Ultimately the screen size of the Triumph won out for me. I was a little worried after reading the Triumph's review here - I read a handful of 5 star reviews and then almost all the 1 star reviews. The gist of most negative reviews talks about spotty service, difficulty switching over, and poor battery life.Well, I figured I had better order the Triumph now so that I could address all these concerns before the 5/27/2012 deadline. CONCERN 1: "Spotty Service" - I live in Northern Virginia, about 30 minutes outside of DC. So far my service is fantastic. Last night I was surfing the internet on my phone on the lower level of a 3 story townhouse while it was thunder-storming outside! My Intercept won't even connect to the web when it rains! Sure the Triumph isn't as fast as a direct connect, but it does a fairly good job - and having tried the WiFi at some of my local shops, it almost is as good as a direct connect! CONCERN 2: "difficulty switching over" - okay, this was a concern for me too, I hate calling Virgin Mobile and t-a-l-k-i-n-g s-l-o-w-l-y because the guy on the other end would rather not be speaking English - well if you log into your Virgin Mobile account, on the right-side menu there is an option for PHONE SWAP! About 4 steps later you should be done. Well no. I didn't realize there was a lag and for about 5-10 minutes I was completely without a usable mobile device. In a fit of panic I tried to call VM's 800 number, but neither the INTERCEPT or the TRIUMPH would work! Well shortly after that I received an email from my account saying the swap was successful and low and behold they were right - maybe what was taking so long was that they were porting all my phone numbers over. CONCERN 3: "poor battery life" - there are several apps for this, and if you are careful with your settings (i.e. screen brightness, timeouts, vibration functions) you can easily get more than a day's use out of your phone. Since I have a charger on my desk at home and at work, this is a non-issue for me.PROS*Screen is huge compared to the Intercept!*Screen is much more responsive than the Intercept!*Phone is faster than the Intercept*Swapping over was a piece of cake and did not involve a call to India or the Philipines*Camera is fantastic and unlike the Intercept the Triumph actually has a decent flashCONS*I miss the Intercept's keyboard, even though the touchscreen on the Triumph is big enough to avoid most mispellings*The phone feels a little more delicate than the Intercept - I'm worried about how it would handle a fall*The battery cover is a pain in the b*tt to take off and put on; thank goodness you only have to do this when upgrading the memory cardOn the whole I am very happy with my upgrade. Some folks have complained about their phones resetting or acting splotchy, but 9/10 times this is due to some software conflict with whatever they've been downloading. I really recommend the Triumph and suggest anyone that was sitting on the fence like me hurry up and buy it before you are locked in with your old phone, if you're like me, $23.80 a month for phone, internet, data, and texting is a deal I don't want to give up any time soon!

Opening up apps crashes the phone. You cannot watch videos because a big purple line shoots across the screen and the screen flashes. The charging port has issues so you have to do funky maneuvers to charge it. This phone IS NOT in good condition. I bought it and was out shipping and also out return shipping. BUYER BEWARE!

I started with Virgin as my first cell provider when I was in high school and have been with them for about 8 years now. Service has improved as has coverage and they have always provided a reasonable value for their product, especially compared with 2-year plan larger service providers such as Verizon and Virgin's parent company, Sprint Nextel. I have been through a number of phones throughout the years, most operating fine with an issue here or there, typically resolved with little difficulty. About a year ago Virgin go into the smartphone game aggressively, unveiling the Moto Triumph. Excited, I purchased it as a present to myself in November and enjoyed the product for about 8 or 9 months. By and large it worked well, though there were some software issues, especially with storage and GPS location, that have all been well documented on the web. By now, I am sure it's well understood what the pros and cons of this phone are. What people do need to consider is what happens when the phone begins to fail. From what I have seen around the web, the issue of the soldering on the charging port at the base of the phone has been poorly engineered. Consequently, after a certain degree of use, it begins to become flaky and phone will have trouble charging. There have also been ongoing issues with batteries unable to hold their charge.Anyways, in July my phone began to experience both issues. I contacted Virgin and they sent me a replacement phone. No problems yet. Then, about three weeks into owning the replacement phone, it began to exhibit the same problems that my old phone had. A week later and it would not turn on. Another replacement was sent. This time, when I received the phone, it would not turn on at all. Very frustrated, I wrote Virgin how upset I was. They immediately sent out a replacement battery and charger. A few days ago I received those, swapped everything out, tried the phone, and still nothing. It's clear that Virgin is dealing with a mass failing of this particular phone. Worse, their solution is to simply swap broken phones among customers until their 1-year warranty and they are left up s*** creek with no paddle. Of course, I contacted them again, very frustrated. They told me they would deal with this immediately.A few days passed, then I asked them what was going on - I had been paying for service now for the better part of the month without actually having a phone. They told me they could not send me another replacement (which I expressed concern about being just another dud, to which they dismissed my issues) until they had received my previous phone (that had been replaced with the phone which would not turn at all). I had sent that back a few days before. I explained how ridiculous this all was, considering I as the customer was sitting with my thumb up my a** waiting for all variety of broken phones to be flown back and forth across the country to kill time for their corporate regulatory purposes. Even better, my demands that I be recompensed for all these days of service I was paying for and not receiving was largely dismissed. Now, they have called my childhood home (I guess that was my additional phone number back in the days when I lived at home in high school 8 years ago) and threatened my parents that they would cancel service to my phone because I had failed to return a replaced device.Go ahead, Virgin, cut off access from a phone that won't even turn on, which was sent by your refurb department to layover a previously shuffled dysfunctional device. At this point, they have not only insulted me a stunning number of times, but also taken me for granted, and indicated that they think their customers (such as me) are fools and will fall for this phone shuffle. There is little they could possibly due to remedy this behavior and I have made it my duty to invest the time to relay this story and warn other prospective customers in as many forums of report as possible. Thanks for reading.

Terrible phone.  Only nice thing about is is the large screen.  In less than a week, the phone could not read the SD card (or any card) that I put in it, and when all of the apps, pictures, and videos are on the SD card, that becomes a huge problem.  Virgin Mobile could not help since it was purchased through Amazon.This was a purchase from two years ago, and have since moved on to better phones.

You won't see this phone at major retailers, they know it had problems and no longer carry.  My phone freezes you have to pop the battery to unlock.  It also reboots on itself 3-4 times a week. I've had to reconfigure it from scratch twice in 16 months, which wiped out everything.  There are much better phones for your money out there.

Very unhappy that I recieved a phone from amazon that could not be activated. VM promised to look into the isue but after a week still no service. They were just giving me the run around. I think the issue was that the box or phone must be scanned by the retailer before it shows up in VM system as one of their phones. Other wise they treat you like you have a stolen phone. Was able to get money back from amazon and bought another one from a in store retailer, and havent had any problems. But I noticed I had to give them information to"register", not activate, the phone before I left the store.I dont usually by electronics online, shoud have stuck with my instinct.

I have been a user of the Virgin Mobile Optimus V phone for the last few months. As a former iPhone 3G customer I was impressed to see such a snappy device on a no-contract plan. Well a few months later Virgin announced the Motorola Triumph. After a few weeks of hesitation I went out and bought it for $299 from my local best buy.  Not even 48 hours later it's been boxed back up and is going back. I've reactivated my old Optimus V and will stick with that one.What's wrong with the Motorola Triumph?1. QualityThe build quality isn't bad. In fact it meets my expectations for the most part. I have zero issues with the design of the battery cover, the buttons, etc. My issue is with the light leak and this is the most minor of my complaints. You can see where the screen is held onto the frame because on the bottom of the screen there are 2 points where you can see a gap and light coming through around the screen. This is minor, but when I tried out the netflix app I found it distracting.2. Touch / ResponsivenessThis is the #1 reason this phone is going back. My phone (wonder if it's all) has serious lag problem when you scroll through the app drawer. At first it's ok, but if you scroll all the way down and then back up and let it sit for a second to find the app you want you'll find that the phone locks up for a few seconds and is unresponsive. This is a STOCK phone with only the standard default apps. Then as you browse through the phone the back button at the bottom of the screen is often unresponsive and requires several pushes. At times I had to push the power button to turn the phone off and back on to get the screen to respond. Personally I've never had this type of issue with the Optimus V or my iPhone which leads me to believe this is either poor design or a software flaw.3. Customer ServiceThis is a problem, I haven't actually called Motorola but in searching to see if my phone was defective Sunday or not I came across Motorola's official support forums. In there I found a thread where a customer found that his version of the phone came with firmware ending in .38, other people however had .39. When he posted a question on how does he upgrade the response from Motorola was poor to say the least. In fact if you go to motorola's website and try to use their device update tool the Triumph isn't even a supported phone, there is no way to download the new firmware and even OTA updates say the package is missing. A few weeks back the question was asked when would current users on the .38 get the .39 update, and WHAT was in that update? The response from Motorola was "we will try to find out the difference in the firmware". I think this should be posted clearly on the motorola site saying new firmware is avaialble and here's what it fixes. Not hide the fact they released a new version and some phones come with it, some phones don't and if it doesn't you can't get it.... So then the question was asked when would it be available and below is the response:Motorola: We are currently investigating the difference between the two software versions. As soon as we have information I will share it with you.Customer (5 days after previous post): What is the ETA?Motorola: "As I said before, when there is information to be shared, it will be shared. In the meantime there is no news."That last post was on August 10th, 2011. That means as of today it's been 10 days and still no answer on a firmware software update for triumph owners with the .38 version.I'm not even sure .39 will fix all the issues I'm having with the touch screen, but the fact remains customer service from Motorola sort of lacks here.4. BatteryThe battery leaves a lot to be desired. It actually gets worse life then my Optimus V from initial tests before I installed any battery saver apps. I'm sure once I installed an app it would help out greatly, but stock phone/battery life is dismal at best. Be prepared to have a charger on you at all times if you plan on USING the phone for any purpose like reading a book on the kindle app, getting on the web or even just tinkering around in the screens. You'll see the battery life fall pretty fast.So what's right with the phone?1. CameraThe main camera is pretty good. I took several pictures at the lake and they all were in focus and had no issues. It's not the higest MP camera I've used but for what it is it works well. The front facing camera in good light looks great, in low light it looks terrible.2. ScreenThe main display is bight and crystal clear, it looks great which is a plus when the phone lags and you are stuck at least you have something nice to look at.3. Slim designIt's a bit bigger then an iphone 3G, and a little larger then my blackberry Bold in terms of height and length. It's thinner then both in terms of width.4. SpeakerI was surprised at how loud and clear the phone was. I played a netflix video and it was very loud.

To start this a review of a phone, not of virgin mobile.The phone seems to be great, but keep in mind that virgin mobile is already really, really affordable, it makes sense for me that they are not going to sell the best of the best when talking about phones.Problems that I personally had with this phone, the phone was never rooted:--  just after a week phone just went dead, sent back.--  after getting second one (returned first one) having same problems.--  terrible signal reception. Many times just hanging on one 1x bar--  sometimes it turns off by itself and in order to turn it on I had to remove battery and put it back again--  many apps just keep crashing or some just stop working--  GPS takes forever to get your location--  battery life is horrible. Many times had to recharged before going  bed so it can be on at morning.-- RIGHT AFTER a year, which warranty expired, phone went dead again.Now no phone, no way to return it, just have to get another one.

There are plenty of reviews on here that dig into the specifics, so I'll keep it short and sweet. I bought this phone primarily to escape my contract. My wife and I were on a Sprint family plan, with 1200 anytime minutes and unlimited any-mobile-to-mobile through Sprint. This was roughly $140 base, plus $10 data charge (per line) and taxes/fees/etc ($160 /mo total). I had a been a Sprint customer for 6 years and would have stuck around if the price was comparable to Virgin.Network Coverage-----------I have the same amount of coverage and can not tell any difference between Virgin & Sprint. Interestingly, the Virgin website claimed I was in a 'limited' coverage area - however, since my Sprint service was rock solid, I took the leap and have had no issues.Triumph----------I love the phone. It reminds me of what the "Razr" would be if it was still in production. The screen is big and really nice to look at ~ the rest of the phone is metal coated in a black rubberized finish (which i love). The phone has a bit of weight to it, which is something I like ~ it feels substantial, like the Rolex I daydream about.I only have one gripe and that is the bluetooth. I previously owned a Sprint LG Optimus S Android Cell Phone (Black) and used my earpiece (Motorola H17 Bluetooth Headset (Black)) religiously. With the Optimus, I would flip open the boom on the H17 and it would pair nearly instantly. On the Triumph, pairing is very spotty. I frequently have to turn off bluetooth and turn it back on to make it pair. I also notice the range on the bluetooth is not nearly as good. With the Optimus I could leave my phone in the kitchen and walk about my entire house. With the Triumph, it seems I only have about a 20' radius I can stay within, before it starts to break up.Overall----------I love the phone. The form factor is sweet and the performance is much better than my previous phone (minus the bluetooth). I'd recommend this phone and the Virgin service to anyone within Sprint's coverage map.

I loved the Samsung Intercept's real keyboard, but the small screen and slow response to inputs got to be just too much to bear. Oftentimes, if I too quickly put it in my pocket after finishing a call or texting, it would pocket dial or even pocket text!This $220 Triumph and my grandfathered $25/month service rates 5 stars with me even with the 3-5 minutes it takes to get a gps signal and the less than stellar battery life. My understanding is that Google now owns Motorola. Maybe Google has stepped in to fix  the build problems with the early phones? It seems that way because I haven't found any deal breaker things wrong with the phone. The battery door stays firmly in place and the voice navigation works fine after gps gets locked on. The phone's 2 speakers are on the edges of the housing so there is less chance of their being muffled( with the Intercept's one rear facing speaker ringtones were often impossible to hear). The phones rubbery exterior beats a plasticky exterior in my opinion. The phone feels in hand like it has a custom silicon case except better because it's not bulky.The Triumph also has a real, working notification LED that tells you if you have missed a call or received a text even when the screen is dark. It's great to get back this feature since you don't have to constantly paw at the phone to see if you've missed something. Why they took this feature off other phones is a mystery to me.The USB port(and also maybe the HDMI)is upside down so you have to be careful to not force the plug in the wrong way. This seems like a screw up in the design that could result in breaking the USB port, so you have to be careful.FIX FOR PROBLEMI was going to edit the review and take away a star because the audio on video clips made on the main camera was very weak-practically nonexistent. Then I discovered that the front camera didn't work at all. On a hunch, I removed an app I had put on the phone: Notification Bubbles. After restarting the phone both cameras now work and the low audio volume is gone. The video isn't 1080p 30 fps but it's still decent looking for a phone that has an unsubsidized  price of a little over $200.Even though the app is now gone, the Notification Bubbles's cool swirling galaxy wallpaper is still working.

The android 2.2 that comes on the phone is crap but the physical features and stuff built on it are well worth it and to root the phone and get a better rom to exploit those features.

So far this has been a great phone, but service through virgin mobile is horrible. Ive had this phone for 2 months and did not have service from 7 am to 6 pm 4 days in a row. Ive always had phone service from Alltel and never went without service, so this phone telling me it has no service is new to me, I mean what am I paying for. This is a great phone if you can get service through someone else.

This is a 24  hour report.  Upgraded from my horrible Samsung Intercept which I had for 18 months.  I approached this purchase with a lot of trepidation due to the schizo nature of the reviews - either loved it, or they hated it.  So far, I love it except for the battery life and sometimes slow GPS acquisition.  I will post an UPDATE after a few weeks or if I encounter problems.One of the reviewers wrote that a lot of the problems are due to conflicts between apps, so I've only loaded a few apps: Google Gestures (incredible app!!!) and its accompanying Gestures Bar; Google Voice; Yahoo Mail & GPS Test.  So far, no aut-reboots.  I'm keeping track of the apps I install & when in case one of them causes  problems.BATTERY LIFE - not great.  After 11 hr 39 min of up time the RED LED light came on - battery status showed 8% battery remaining.8% remaining @ 11 hr 39 min6% @ 12hr6min3% after 12hr45.1% after 13hr30auto powered off due to drained battery @ 13:32.I let the battery run out to test the life & to condition it.  I've ordered a 2000 mah battery from eBay which should run a lot longer than the stock 1380 mah battery.  Battery status showed for my usage, the GPS caused the most battery drain:- Google Maps (i.e. GPS) = 40%- Cell Standby = 30%- Cell Idle = 21%  (wonder what's the diff between standby & idle??)- Display 6% - generally used a medium brightness unless in bright sunlight, then used max brightness.  I do not use the Auto Brightness feature but control the brightness with the Power Widget that allows control of the brightness, & lets you turn on/off the Bluetooth; GPS; Synching; & WiFi from a homescreen toolbar- WHERE app, which uses GPS = 4%NOTE about the WHERE APP - I set the phone to NOT use my LOCATION in the apps, but WHERE used it anyway.  I only used the WHERE app to look at the weather, then 10 min later, I noticed that the GPS was STILL RUNNING because of the WHERE app even when I was in a diff app!!!  Google Map stops the GPS signal acquisition when you change to a diff app, but WHERE did NOT.  In that short 10min of "use", the WHERE app used up 4% of my battery life! Fortunately the WHERE app has an EXIT app option as the phone does not have a task manager.GPS - sometimes slow to acquire - a couple of minutes; sometimes less than a minute.  I was usually moving.  I used the GPS TEST app to see the signal strengths and saw that generally, the phone was able to receive strong signals from at least 4 or 5 satellites and often as 8 to 10 satellites. This indicates the Google Map app is the slow factor.  IF I stand still, signals are much faster to acquire & show my location.  NOTE -some wrote that it didn't work at home - GPS signals don't generally go through walls.  Try it by a window with a clear sky view.  This is true for all GPS devices.PLUSES ++++ great screen+ great VM service plan prices+ light+ not too much bloatware+ fast enough for the price+ good amount of internal memory unlike my Intercept that kept running out of memory+ Camera seems good as are the videos.+ nice to have a flash.  Will have to install a flashlight app (Quick Settings has it - see below for more Quick Settings functions).  Of course, that will drain the battery!!!CONS ---- Short battery life- sometimes, though, not always, slow GPS acquisition - one reviewer recommended the GPS STATUS & TOOLBOX app that can reset the GPS.  Will have to try it.- LACKS a FILE MANAGER app!!!  How can this be?  Transferred files via Bluetooth & couldn't figure out where it was placed.  I don't know if it is in internal memory or on my SD card. I'll have pull the micro SD card out & load it into my PC or connect/mount via USB.- LACKS the TASK MANAGER which is useful for seeing what apps are running & allows apps to be killed to save battery life.  File Manager & Task Manager were on my Samsung Intercept.- No attachment point to attach a short leash through which to put a finger or two.  Nice to have a very short leash to avoid dropping the phone. Looks like I might be able to thread my Samsung leash through some chassis holes under the battery cover - we'll see.- THE BIGGEST NEGATIVE!!! Cannot turn off the VM Power on & Power Off scream!!!  On my Samsung,I had installed the QUICK SETTING free app which has a "system volume" setting that when set to ZERO, mutes the Power OFF VM Scream, but not the Power ON Scream.All in all, I like this phone and have NOT experienced any of the problems some posters have listed : light leakage? auto-rebooting - maybe from installed apps? so I'm going slow with the installs & keeping track of when I install apps; flicker ??? I wouldn't return a phone for a power on flicker, my compact fluorescent lights flicker sometimes when I turn them on - doesn't seem to be a big deal as it does not affect the function of the phone.Will update in a few weeks.UDPATE >> 2 weeks later...Have had 2 auto reboots, but none in the past week.  One day, had a major screen problem whereby the bottom half of the screen was darkened, like when the virtual keyboard is showing, but no KEYS are shown.  This accompanied several problems, such as not being able to shut down phone w/o removing battery.  Then not starting up.  The 1/2 dark screen problem occurred when pressing the search button.  Had to pull out the battery several times to restart phone.  RESOLVED PROBLEM by RESETTING the phone back to original factory condition.  That was a week ago and the problem has NOT reoccurred.  I was ready to send the phone back to AMAZON, but then the GPS started working better.GPS - was slow to acquire or not acquiring at all.  Called MOTOROLA who was no help. They treated me like an had now idea what I was doing. Then about a 5 days ago,  around 6 UPDATES auto-installed.  These were either bundled apps or OS embedded apps, such as the voice recognition app, the bundled SCVNGR game, etc.  After that, the GPS worked much better.  As far as I could tell none of the auto-updated apps/modules were directly GPS related.  Perhaps one or two of them was interfering with the GPS???Bottom line, the now GPS works acceptably.  Usually could find my location within 2 minutes, sometimes much more quickly.  There are still some instances when I could not get a location fix, but generally, the GPS performance is acceptable, not stellar, but good enough.NOTE - I have the GPS TEST app installed which shows the # of satellite signals acquired & their strenght.  Google Maps has a LAG between when GPS TEST shows 4 or more signals.  It almost seems that running the GPS TEST app helps trigger Google Maps to recognize the GPS signals but that's difficult to ascertain.Battery - bought a 2000 mah battery from eBay for only $5 shipped.  It did not seem to last any longer than the standard 1350mah battery, but a 2nd battery is good to have.  I can generally get 12 - 16 hours on a full charge on either battery.  Obviously your results will vary.  I use the GPS often for transit directions which is a heavy battery drain.BOTTOM LINE, after 2 weeks, it works much better despite the aforementioned rebooting & screen freezing problem that have not reoccurred.  I will probably keep this phone unless a major problem crops up.

I was excited when this phone came out, but soon my excitement turned to disappointment. About a month after purchase I noticed that my phone's memory filled to the max. I couldn't receive emails and my ringer stopped. I had downloaded a total of 1 small app. I spoke with Virgin Mobile and was told that I would have to do a factory resent. I did, then reloaded all my contacts, calendar events and reset my email. Next month it was full again. I took the phone back to Radio Shack, they said they thought it was the reader as nothing was being saved to my sim card. After the 3rd factory reset and reloading of my info, I contacted Motorola by chat. The rep said all I could do wasw another reset. He said that the phone would not handle many apps. When I tried to tell him about what what the Radio Shack manager swaid he responded, "That's not the problem" and abruptly ended the chat. I later got an email from Motorola statuing that they considered the matter successfully resolved. Poor reception, poor mechanics and poor customer service led me to drop Virgin Mobile and Motorola.

Soo I had this phone for about a month; and its pretty good. Like the other reviews mentioned the battery life is a little short but you have to take in to account how much you are using your phone; however you can pull up your task manger to close unused apps.->The reception is good but I'm going to give that time since the hurricane knocked out most of the power. In the past two weeks I have been doing alot of downloading of apps and such; and so far no lag at all-which is great.->Switching my number from T-Mobile to Virgin Mobile was quick and easy.-> I also agree the battery cover is alil'  "iffy". I bought a hard cover and it protects everything great.-> Originally I was a Blackberry user, but this phone is great. I'm now converted especially with Virgin Mobile's good prices you cant lose!!!-> DONT FORGET PHONE INSURANCE!!!!!! Just 5 Bucks a month!!!

I just love my phone it is awesome. The only problem I have is in a area with a lot of trees I have bad signal but that is so rare I barely have that problem. All smiles ^_^

I ordered this phone on cybermonday for a little over $120 directly from VM. I was happy with a LG Optimus V before this, but the deal was too good to pass up. I knew it had a lot of problems from the user reviews all over the internet (ignore VMUSA's website since they filter only good reviews).I upgraded to CM7 gingerbread custom ROM right away and it fixed some of the major issues on stock ROM. But there were still a lot of problems with the phone's hardware and quality control. I've been active and following developments on a few forums regarding this phone the past few months. Some of the persistent problems reported by many people are:1. GPS flaky and takes a long time to lock on (open source developers report aGPS has never worked on the Triumph, cold GPS locks take 1-3 minutes)2. Touchscreen misses or ignores often (even on completely rewritten touchscreen driver)3. Capacitive buttons freeze up occasionally (same problem in different ROMs)4. Running out of internal memory due to some logging mechanism that fills up internal storage and can't be turned off except by factory reset (only on stock ROM)5. A lot of devices have cameras that take pictures with a green blob in the center in indoor lighting (I have this problem no matter what camer app is used)6. Charging port goes bad prematurely (I have to jiggle mine carefully)7. Light leakage from bottom capacitive button LEDs when screen has dark background.I've noticed most of the good reviews are from people either new to Android or coming from the Intercept (which was a very poor phone to start with). VM does have a 1yr replacement policy, but many people report having VM send them a refurbished replacement that has a different set of problems. Given all these problems, the phone is ok for the price I paid (around $100), definitely not worth it for over $200. Motorola & VM-USA dropped the ball on this product and cut too many corners. If it weren't for the grandfathered $25/mo plan I would've moved on to a different carrier.

Love the phone in itself, hate the sound. I have difficulty understanding what people say in the other end, as people have difficulty in understanding in my end. Battery is also horrible. It's a shame because everything else works 100%. I guess I'm going to have to return it.

This is a great phone , however a bad SD card will cause alot of random restarts . When I first got it It was a very bad phone, it would restart when using google music and at other times when accessing the SD card( like if an app's installed on the sd card for example) . The camera would just refuse to work at times , now I'm a pretty techy guy so I figured out it might be the sd card, I reformatted it , this fixed things for about a week. Then the problems re-occurred . So it might not be enough to just reformat the SD card, if your having restart issues ether take the sd card out for a day, or just replace the card . I put in a different SD card and I haven't had any problems since( ADW likes to turn off and reload , but this is a minor annoyance  ).The main reason most of us are using this phone is so we can get a smart phone( a real one that isn't slow as crap) with a plan for 50$ even( 45$ plan with insurance ). I picked Virgin over T-Mobile since I consider cost a top issue and I don't live in a area with 4g( plus their 50$ plan has 100mb 4g , thats crap, thats like half a day of use . ). This phone is for the most part decent at a good price

I recently purchased a Motorola Triumph from Amazon. The day I got the phone we ran to and fro trying to get it activated. Once we finally activated it I downloaded apps and what not. The next day it wanted me to activate it again. This happened for a couple days. I ended up factory restarting it and starting at the beginning. The cameras quality is no where near my expectations and it's rather slow. It isn't bulky, fits right in my pocket, and gets great service. Over all I'm just glad I have a phone that I can text and call with, but if you want camera and/or apps, I reccomend you keep searching.

I read some negative reviews before I purchased this phone. I am very happy that I ignored them. After setting up the phone , I am very satisfied with it.GPS may require additional software like GPS fix or GPS injector. Made a big difference in the GPS response.Battery life can be improved by adding Juice Defender and/or stopping auto sync in settings.Much better than paying $100 a month for AT&T;, Verizon pricing. Sprint 3G is more than adequate for my needs. Web pages move along quickly, and calls are not dropped.

On paper this phone is just great. As for day to day use it reminds me of driving a classic car.  It looks great and can really work well, but the constant need for tinkering and workarounds is exhausting.  Just little things just dont seem to work right and when you put them all together the overall experience for the phone is just too much trouble.  The screen looks great at full brightness but lower levels get a little washed out.  The screen sensitivity is just annoying at best because its constantly changing.  One minute it will pick up the slightest touch then the next your rolling your finger around trying to find the best spot.  I never had the bad problems that some report.  No random restarts or bad audio. The bluetooth shuts off when the phone goes to sleep which is really confusing and made my headset useless unless i was activly on a call or listening to a podcast.  The gps seems not to have any Agps support. it will lock but not until it can download the entire gps almanac (about 2 minutes). Its just long enough so its not practical for the maps app, works fine for the navigation though.If music is playing and a system sound comes on the phone lowers the music which is fine, but then it never turns it back up.  so you gotta stop the song then restart to reclaim the volume.I checked with motorola and virgin mobile to see if there was an update coming they  responded as usefully as a preprinted email macro can be. the typical check the forums junk.  It really seems like they got a good deal on some unbranded hardware, threw together a rom as cheap as possible,payed motorola to put their name on it and didnt spend alot of time testing.  Heck i dont need the gingerbread os, i would settle for a simple update fix.Many people experience a low signal on the phone which is is odd as well.  If you compare the dbm readings in the system status compared to other phones it should show one more bar most of the time.In conclusion it had potential but between a phone with issues pointing to an unpolished rom build and a very spotty network. I will be passing this phone along.

I've played with several other Virgin Mobile phones and the Motorola Triumph definitely kicks the shorts off the others (LG Optimus V, Samsung Galaxy Reverb).  The camera is great, the user interaction is very smooth, it's very fast and responsive ... I'd buy another if it didn't cost so much. I actually got this one used, and after having it for about 6 months, I can say that it's really a great phone.  Perhaps the only disadvantage is that it's really big, thick, and heavy.

I should preface this review by informing you this is my first phone without a physical keyboard--I have always had flip, slider, candy bar, or Blackberry-like telephones with a T9 or Qwerty keyboard on it.  Needless to say, using a virtual keyboard takes some getting used to and I do text a lot but also needed a larger screen to view webpages and wanted to give Virgin Mobile a try after some disappointment with larger, more traditional providers.The Good: Virgin Pricing/BusinessVirgin does a great job of being a low-cost mobile carrier that appeals to a wide variety of consumers and utilizes a major network of cell towers (Sprint) that follows large cities and the US Interstate system.  Plans for this phone are $35 up to a modest $55/month for everything.  Data is unlimited but speed throttling starts at 2.5 GB/plan month (change occured in March 2012).  Set-up, number porting, and support is easily done through Virgin's telephone service or website.  (Unfortuantely the website does not have chat support, but holds are short or non-existant on their support line.)The Good: Camera/ScreenThis is by far the best camera I have purchased inside a phone.  The rear-facing 5MP camera (I have yet to use the flash or front-facing 3MP camera) takes incredibly clear photos and uploads them quickly to Facebook when attached to a 3G or greater data connection.  Daylight photos are astounding and it has some type of image stabilization that is the best I've seen in a small lens camera like this.  The screen is very clear and I can even read some webpages when they are displayed in a desktop-computer type view.  Controls are all on-screen, not sure if the side button can be programmed to act as shutter.  Pinch/Expand is quick to respond as well.The Good: Processor and AudioI've used this phone at my office and in my car to stream Pandora digital music and it handles the app and reproduces audio beautifully through it's headphone jack to an aux audio cord for my car stereo or through earbuds.  The speakerphone is average and not a good music player but serves its purpose adequately for calls.The Good: DurabilityI've had this phone for a month and while I haven't put it through rigerous paces, it can withstand a short drop (hand to counter) and has a slightly rubberized case for shock-resistance and ease of grip.  The surface is Corning Gorilla Glass so it is unlikely it will crack or scratch.  The four ports (micro HDMI Out, Micro USB charge/data, and 3.5 mm headphone jack) are uncovered and reasonably simple to keep clean.The Good: AppsThis phone will support almost any app on the Android Market/Google Play, I have yet to come accross one that refuses to install due to incompatibility and Verizon doesn't load on too many that are unnecessary.The Bad: AppsFacebook's App (Ver 1.8.4 for Android) really hates this phone.  I've used that version successfully on older phones and it doesn't have critical failures like it does on the Motorola Triumph.  No damage to the phone or other applications, but it will close instantly when trying to load Facebook for no visible reason.The Bad: Coverage/WiFi compatibilityI live in a metropolitain area and believed there would be good coverage; unfortunately I am in a brick building and the network Virgin uses is Sprint-only (not their affiliates), so only a few area towers are accessible but this device overcomes that dilemma by using my WiFi network.  Unfortunately I can't find a good VOIP application and unlike my old Motorola, this one does not have it installed or I can't locate the mode.  The result is I can get quick internet inside my apartment using my WiFi network but when a call is coming, I need to lean out the window--with the weak cellular connection the phone keeps detaching/re-joining my wireless network which is frustrating for sending text messages or using data.The Bad: Something every phone should haveEvery manufacturer who puts a "flash"/high intensity LED on the back of their phone should keep a "flashlight" app/button to give you 15 seconds- a minute of light while dimming the display to make it easy to find things in the dark.  I know it drains battery fast--everyone does, but we want this feature!!!The Ugly: As with all smartphones, battery technology hasn't kept up with power-hungry processors and displays and like all phones, this one will not maintain power on standby for a full 24 hours without recharging.  Motorola should know we'd gladly carry around a phone 2mm thicker with an extra 2 ounces of weight if it could hold a charge longer than a day!Bottom line: This phone is a good start for Virgin Mobile to carry an Android phone and the price point is appropriate but there are a few improvements needed in this model as well as the Virgin network before it can satisfy customers used to the coverage and handsets offered by traditional cellular carriers.

I'm new to smart phones so it has been awhile for me to learn to use the Triumph. I'm pleased, but I've got a lot to learn. Contact me again in six months.

Very good phone impressed good transaction - very light, slim, tech sound phone.  Very good price and screen quality v good etc etc etc

Warning!!!!! Don't waste your money. This phone is riddled with problems that neither Motorola nor Virgin Mobile have any intentions on correcting. I'll start with my biggest complaint which has me on my 2nd (going on my 3rd) phone. The usb port which is used to charge the phone & connect it to a cpu is flawed. Its a small tab which over time wore down with all the plugging in that a android phone (& this one in particular) requires. It came to the point where I would need to have the phone sitting in a certain position to make a connection & charge which made the phone useless while charging because it would lose the connection if moved even a little. The sad part is that straight out the box it never made a solid connection 100% of the time & gradually got worse. & it didn't help that the cord included is like 2 feet long which necessitated the use of an extension cord. The phone that Virgin Mobile sent last week immediately had issues with the hdmi. I had to wiggle the cord to get it to connect. As with the first phone I was never able to get the bluetooth to connect for more than 2 minutes of conversation & the GPS will not lock my location at all. Two basic features on smartphones that do not work. The "snapdragon" processor has an incredible lag & I'm wondering if the 4th phone will correct all my problems or if it will need replaced every couple of months to correct the usb problem which is sure to wear down again with the normal use that is expected of a smartphone. Fortunately Virgin Mobile warranties their phones for a year & I put a 2 year replacement plan on the thing when I got it at Radio Shack. It seems now that it will be well worth the extra money. I guess I have to suffer through until a high quality & reliable phone is released on a prepaid carrier. I thought this was the one but I couldn't have been more wrong. I have since filed a complaint with the BBB & i suggest anyone experiencing similar issues to do the same.Update 2/2/2012: After filing a complaint with the BBB I was contacted by Sprint's customer service department. The rep told me that Motorola has acknowledged the issues with the gps & bluetooth & will be sending out a software update fixing the 2 issues by the end of the 1st quarter. What they have yet to address is the biggest issue which ultimately renders the phone useless. The Usb charging port. I let the rep know about the issues I am having with the replacement they sent me (more than the one they replaced) & they are sending me a replacement phone & the rep assured me that it would be a NEW phone still in the original packaging instead of the refurbished ones that they usually replace defective phones with. Hopefully the charging issue was fixed on later phones that Motorola put out. I will upgrade my review to 3 stars once the update is released.Update 2/4/2012: I stayed at a friends house last night & since I forgot my charger at home I plugged his into mine thinking that it wouldn't connect as most cords with the same tip do not charge my phone. To my surprise it did charge. His phone is some old flip phone from years past but his charger fit the phone perfectly. Then I realized that I could use the phone while it charged. Impossible with the plug that came with the phone. After further inspection I think the issue isn't actually the tab in the phone but the cord that Motorola included. Whenever I have my phone plugged in with the charger it came with I always noticed wiggle room. It can be moved up & down but not side to side. My buddies plug fit tight. No wiggle room. Then I put 2 & 2 together & came to the conclusion that zero wiggle room means that the tab in the phone will not come loose. I'm going to try & find a different cable that leaves zero room for movement. Hopefully I don't fry my phone in the process.

Time of ownership: 3 weeksI was skeptical at first when considering this phone because of the alleged problems that many people have been having with it. I decided to buy it and take my chances...plus I could return it for a new one if something was wrong. I guess I was one of the lucky ones because not a single thing was wrong with mine.Pros: Large screen. At 4.1 inches this screen was a large upgrade for me coming from the old HTC Desire. This helped me greatly with my typing because I have somewhat large fingers.The screen is pleasant to look at. Colors and darks show up very well from what I have seen so far.This is probably the best part of the phone...fingerprints and smudges hardly show up at all. The biggest disappointment for me with touch electronics are the smudges that eventually start to show up on the screen. This screen is fantastic for reducing nasty, visually unimpressive marks.The design is cool. The square look is something I wanted coming from a rounding phone and the thickness is also just right. The phone has a certain weight to it as well that makes it feel like it is durable.Cons: I have my processor set up to reduce performance when the screen is off so that may have something to do with it, but sometimes things seem to be working a little slowly. An app will sometimes take a couple presses to register that I touched it.And a very minor thing but it may annoy some people so I'll put it here. When the screen is displaying all black around the bottom there are streams of light coming out diagonally from each corner of the phone at the bottom. This doesn't bother me because I never look at a black screen, but if you prefer a black wallpaper this may annoy a little.I can't comment on batter life because I have rooted the phone and can control the processor which greatly increases battery performance. I can use it for a 3-4 days before I have to charge it again, under light use.Overall I was impressed with the phone. It doesn't compare to some of the other phones that are offered by the contract companies but for a pre-paid phone it definitely fits the bill.

I am a very satisfied happy customer! the phone works awesome and it has alot more memory and faster than the samsung intercept! i had this phone for 2 months now and i have NO PROBLEMS whatsoever! this phone is worth the money.

When it works, this phone is perfectly good for the price.  Maybe you'll get a good one.  I certainly haven't.  My first stopped connecting via USB.  Virgin Mobile sent me a replacement new in box.  That one stopped turning on.  Virgin Mobile then sent me a refurbished one.  That one stopped turning on.  Virgin Mobile customer service couldn't do anything about my problem except send me more "refurbished" phones.  I suspect that Virgin Mobile just sends out any phone that turns on to the next unfortunate customer.  I had to go to Sprint Executive Customer Service to be directed to Motorola Customer Service.My phone will be at Motorola 5-7 business days (plus shipping).  Supposedly it will be fixed or replaced.  If it comes back broken this time there's supposedly some further recourse.  I've been without a phone for 4 weeks if you count the previous break.I definitely understand the five star reviews for this phone.  When it works, it's adequate and the price for Virgin Mobile service is excellent.  Unfortunately, there are serious quality control issues with this phone that Virgin Mobile/Motorola are not willing or able to handle in a satisfactory manner.

Had nothing but problems with this phone. Most recently phone will not stay connected to bluetooth. Buy a different phone.  The only reason i give this phone two stars is the plans are half as much as contract phones.

HTC EVO V 4G Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)One of the best phones I've every seen created by Virgin Mobile. One of my friends have one and she loves it. I would love to have this phone. It has great features and high performance. I recommend this phone.

I bought this phone for my daughter for Christmas and she just loves it.  I'm not going to go into all the details with a long email, but my daughter is very happy with the phone.  It froze a couple of times, but so does my nephew's iphone, so not a big deal.  I would highly recommend this phone.

My husband bought this when  he was resisting buying  an iPhone. He wanted android functionality.We live in a well populated area  with good cell phone coverage on other services (esp. Verizon).We would go out around town, and he would never get good reception or download speed. We could open the same app (on my Verizon iPhone and his Triumph) and mine would come up and work much faster and more reliably than his.  Often times he would  have to reboot his phone.He did not want to admit defeat and even tried multiple versions of Android.After 5 months of trying, he gave up and switched to my plan.Later Virgin Mobile offered us  free service to come back and it was so bad, we wouldn't even go back for free!

I've had this phone for 6 months now, before I had the LG Rumor Touch (with virgin mobile also) but wanted a smartphone, the Touch was a ok cell for text and calling but surfing the web forget 'bout it. The Triumph is an ok smartphone for what I need to do. Mostly texting, calling, basic GPS, Apps, and web. I also listen to music on it which isn't to bad, I have a 16gb micro SD card for my phone which helps with space.The negatives are the battery life on the phone sucks, I'm a college student and when i have breaks in between my classes I like to check facebook and etc, etc. But I do have a portable phone charger in my purse when I need it, which was most of the time before I got the battery saver app which helps a little bit. And I also bought a new battery just in case.I don't know if I got lucky and got a defective phone or what but it works for awhile and I'm happy with it than all of the sudden I'm browsing the web or on an app and poof it turns off and starts over on me thta gets pretty annoying if you ask me. Another thing I've just notice is once in awhile the phone will turn off and turn back on, than it is frozen on the Motorola symbol and I have to take the battery out for awhile or replace it with a different battery for it to work, again I'm sure why it does that but for me it does get annoying after the 20th time or so.All in all it is an alright phone for now, I honestly wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone. Even though I love having a no contract phone. I will mostly get a new phone but stick with virgin mobile b/c I'm not paying 200.00 or whatever a month for a contract phone.I like my 25 bucks a month. and even willing to get a new phone and pay the 35 a month, if I can find a half decent phone.

Replaced my terrible Samsung Intercept with this.Installed CM-7 and it's great !Very fast, boots in 30 seconds.Love it.

I had this phone from April until September. With this phone my gps rarely worked. If it worked within 5 minutes of entering the location I would be happy. Most of the time I would either have to use a different gps device or reset the gps a few times. If I managed to get it working but received a text, the phone would freeze. I would almost always use my boyfriends iphone to make calls because with this phone I would get frustrated from people saying they can't understand me do to the phone mumbling the voice. I had a memory card out of no where "fill up" although I barely had any apps or pictures. When I tried clearing it the memory card stopped working completely so I had to buy a new memory card. This was definitely the worse phone I've ever had and I had a basic flip phone for a long time.

This phone is actually really quick and responsive.  It can handle downloading many apps and does not fill up.  I had another phone that had to restore to factory settings at least weekly because it would fill up quickly. I never had to do that with this one.  The battery life is great.  It will last for 14 to 16 hours as long as I am not surfing the web too much.  Overall I would rate this phone really well.

Its a great phone, my only issue with is that randomly the touch screen isn't properly responsive and I have to turn the screen off and then back on to get the proper response through the touch screen. (ex. slide to unlock won't register that i'm touching and sliding it) I generally leave 3G off on it to conserve battery life except when i need to do something with 3G.

I've had this phone for a few weeks now and can say it is junk. It's my first "smart phone" and it took a while to realize it was defective. Didn't know flickering and yellow screens were not normal. Friends laughed when they saw it and  also joked why I had to smack the screen to get response. I'm pissed after the work I did to personalize it and the extras I bought for it. I feel ripped off, this phone was advertised as NEW not refurbisheed. Amazon will be hearing from me!!!!

Of the Virgin Mobile Android phones available when I purchased this, the Triumph was by far the best.  It was sleek, fast, and most importantly stable.  I ended up rooting the phone to put ICS on it, and shortly there after upgraded to my Sony Xperia TL.

I left AT&T; and the iPhone for the hopes that I could have a serviceable smart phone at much better rates.  Unfortunately, the old saying of "you get what you pay for" reared its' ugly head.  At a glance, this looks like an awesome phone.  It has a big display, it has the Android Market, so it should support plenty of apps, and it is on Virgin Mobile's Sprint MVNO.  Service should be reasonably good, right?First, the hardware.  The phone rarely showed more than one bar of service anywhere in town.  Other phones on Virgin Mobile would show 3 or 4 bars in the same location.  Secondly, the GPS reception on this thing is nearly non-existent.  It takes five to ten minutes for a lock.  The screen on this phone is cheap, plastic-y, and scratches quite easily.  I was used to the glass screen on the iPhone.Now on to service.  I signed up for the $25 per month plan before it was axed.  It gave me 300 minutes, unlimited texts, and unlimited data.  The call quality was slightly worse than using two cans with a string between them.  It constantly cut in and out.  The unlimited texts was nice, so long as I could get a signal.But the worst was the data speeds.  Unlimited data, sounds awesome.  It sucked.  I could sooner draw a picture of a website than load it on this turd most of the time.  I like podcasts and I would periodically try to download one over 3g.  It took about 45 minutes to an hour to download about 40mb.  By then the battery was drained down to 20 percent, so I couldn't listen to the podcast I just downloaded.I know that mileage may vary with Virgin Mobile's network.  But not this phone.  It is terrible.  Don't waste your money.  I am now back on ATT, which I hate, but the phone and the service work.  They have since killed the unlimited data plan that I had and they now only offer unlimited texting, which I don't need.  I only wanted the old 200 message plan for $5.  Now I have to pay $30 for family texting.  Ouch.The single most ignorant thing I have done in the technological aspect of my life was trying to save a few bucks by leaving ATT and the iPhone for this crap gadget.  I am paying for it, literally, now.

I have been a BlackBerry user for 5 years and was weary of Droid. My teenage daughters talked me into getting this phone and after three days I am hooked. There's no going back! The Triumph is a great handheld device. Motorola got this one right and Virgin Mobile service has been identical to my Sprint service (becase it is identical) since they share the same network. Thumbs up!

I read all the reviews and purchased in hopes that my device would be different, I was wrong.  I wanted to upgrade my OptimusV screen size, but the bunk GPS and wack signal strenght wont allow that.  I'm taking this phone back back to BestBuy ASAP! I wanted it to work out, i need that 4" screen in my life but I cant sacrifice reception and shoddy GPS just to look at a bigger screen.  I have to wait it out until another 4" screen phone drops for VM.  I read every review on every website and I still gave it a chance (loss).

After using the Motorola Triumph for a week, I find this device to be an advanced smart phone added to the Virgin Mobile network. Phone call quality is pleasing along with the 1 GHz Snap Dragon Processor this device runs admirable. I have enjoyed taking pictures with the 5 Mega Pixel Camera the photo's turn out pure and radiant, It's also very nice to see a LED flash added to a cell phone again. I've played games, downloaded applications, listened to music and sent videos to my friends; there are no limits to this phone. The Touch screen and buttons have been responsive and I've noticed no issues. I really believe that the Motorola Triumph from Virgin Mobile is the best Android device in the prepaid field at this time.

I purchaced this phone jan. 11th recieved on the 16th, the motorola triumph is a great phone for my needs but the problem I'm having is with the battery. It's the 26th of Feb. a little over a month old, I can only get 3 - 4 hrs of run time on the charge and thats with minimal talking, text and web. I've followed every way to lengthen the life of the battery but not having any success. maybe this phone was in storage for a long time before i purchased it and the battery is bad. Im not sure. I have the phone on the charger more than off, I might as well have a land line. Again the complaint I have is with the battery life only. I've ordered a new extended life battery that Im still waiting for, going on 2 weeks. hopefully this will help.Concerned

The last phone I had was a Samsung Intercept. I thought I would step up to the Triumph so bought one in December of 2011 through VM. At first it worked great - I installed a 16gb micro SD card and downloaded a few apps from the Google app store. I'm not an app freak, I don't care to use my phone as something to keep me constantly occupied, I use it primarily for texting, GPS navigation and a few word games. I don't even have Angry Birds.For the first 4 months it seemed to work well, no complaints. After that I noticed the occasional self-reboot about every two weeks. Now, it self-reboots about every three days. It causes certain apps to then run which were previously off. I thought maybe certain apps triggered this but after a combination of different circumstances around which the phone would reset, I don't think it's any of the apps I installed (no third-party, btw). If I don't turn off the apps, my battery will drain. The problem is the phone has rebooted when I'm not around.Navigator now takes much longer to find a satellite and sometimes the app just gets stuck - I have to exit and restart and then it seems to work fine (it would be stuck for up to 5 minutes, after which I would reset since I'm not going to wait any longer). Occasionally I would lose the signal while driving and Navigator refused to work for what it seemed several minutes or more (at this point I would use my Tom Tom which had no issues getting satellites).While watching Nexflix (phone in landscape position) I usually accidentally hit the power button since it's opposite the volume controls.The phone seems unstable and I'm reading a lot about people being frustrated with it. Some have suggested bad or corrupt hardware/memory. I've read about scanning for this and fixes, but this is more than what a VM customer should have to do to fix what seems a known issue.I wouldn't recommend this phone to a friend. I can usually deal with not-so-great technology if it's cheap. I paid $200 for the phone at the time and am on the $25 a month plan. ICS is not available for this through VM.Also, the phone already has a very thick screen protector on it when you buy it. I peeled mine off for a more responsive screen.

I will love a phone that work right please seen me one that work thank u. Help me out it do not work I need a nather one now

Just like any phone, it freezes, it glitches, but usually due to memory issues or effects from some apps, and can usually be easily fixed without spending $. Overall its a pretty good phone for its time

Received my triumph a couple of days ago and I absolutely love it. Phone battery is not that bad no worse than the iphone4. Love the 4.1 screen resolution and the display is wonderful. People with problems you hav to watch what you are downloading, use the virus protector. It is a android phone with a lot of power so of course battery life.goes down.. All and all I love my triumph and wouldn't trade it for anything

If you have a Samsung Intercept you know the problems it has... it just sorta works.  I finally upgraded and instantly saw a amazing difference.  This is how a phone is suppose to work.Slightly larger screen, thinner and no slide out keyboard.I haven't noticed any problems with this phone yet but compared to the intercept it is amazing.If you are not familiar with Virgin Mobile... they use Sprints network and only cost half as much with no contract.Very happy with this phone and VM.

This is the best phone I have ever used. Just as good or better than Iphone. Its hard to believe this phone has been out for at least 4 years and is still kicking other phones butts! Will buy again as long as they keep making them.

You would think with the name Motorola on it, it would be good but such is not the case.Within one week of having this phone, the settings button stopped working, and a lot of otherbuttons have huge delays to them.Stay away from this phone.

I had to buy this for my sitter after her phone was stolen, and needing to get a hold of her I needed a quick buy and this was it

Despite all the negative reviews I decided to buy the Triumph, and I have to say after just looking at it in the box I could not resist to open it and find out myself, and so far it is not a bad cell phone at all. With a nice sleek design and super light weight I would say the best android pre paid cell phone on the market so far. I had a slight issue switching from my old cell, but with a a call to Vrigin customer service the issue was resolved within five minutes.I upgradet from my LG Optimus V, and it is by far better with a bigger display, faster surfing, and the touch screen has a better responsiveness too.Granted I do not like the short battery life, which does last for the day and with my workload and with a phone that size it was to be expected, and it is quick to charge. I just downloaded a battery app and it helps a bit extending the life. It does come with a 2G card, but I would recommend buying at least a 16G for it depending on how much you work with it since most apps are already big.I even find apps that I was unable to find with the Optimus. My reception is the same, and even the GPS works fine altough it takes a bit to start up. I would like to see the android upgrade but since it is an older phone I don't forsee any in the nearest future, but one can hope.It does not have swype, but there are tons of apps that can be downloaded for it.I could not get the flash player working on it so if somebody has any idea how please let me know, cause I couldnt get it even downloading the app. I guess since it is still a 2.2 Android.It does restart on its own once in a while, but it has no negative effect on it. I have not had one dropped call and I did have a few with the Optimus.With the rubberized frame it sits nicely in your hand and you almost don't need a cover, but I ordered one anyhow for the good looks.I give it four stars so far for the easy handling, fast browsing, and super responsive screen.I would give five if it would have the newest android and a bit longer battery life. I will update in about one week since that is the time frame people started noticing issues to see if mine does the same.For the people who had issues putting music on I just dragged and droped my music into the main compartment and when I pushed the music button it was right there. I will be playing around with it a bit more to find some more tips and tricks to share.

I got this phone because it was so much cheaper than contract phones. Yes it is cheap bill but so is the phone, ive had nothing but problems since the 2nd month i had it. First the signal was very poor in my area and texting was even worst it would take me multiple times of sending the same message before it would send and some people would recieve double and triple of that message days later. At this point the phone has had some minor falls but nothing serious, the next problem i encountered was the battery was draining very quickly and having to charge it at least 2 times a day. Once in a while the battery would not charge and i would have to play with the charger to finally get the phone to charge. I called virgin mobile and they tried to do some resetting thing on their side which did nothing. And after a couple days it happened again with the charging, but this time the phone would not show that it was charging once screen was locked. So i did the resetting process again which was shutting the phone down and taking out the battery for a minute. When i put the battery back in and turned the phone on i was shocked to see my phone has wiped itself out all the settings, contacts even ringtones was gone. I called VM once again and sat for 20 mins on the phone to only be told oh well we cant fix it. Now my phone does not lock, the home button does not work the ringer is broken ( it says silent mode selected) when i cannot turn it off. Holding down the power button use to give me 3 options now all i can do is power off. Contacts will not save even if you re enter all the persons information. Honestly i would not recommend this phone to anyone, very poor quality all around. For the price it is not worth the trouble it gave me. Im going back to contract phone as soon as this monthly bill ends with VM.

I bought this phone for my 13 year old son. He is an APP FREAK lol he loves music and Skype and Facebook....He absolutely loves it....He is happy with the phone and Im happy that it fit my budget;) I always check Amazon.com before i purchase anything at stores or online.

Bought the phone from BB on first day it was available. Charged battery overnight.  Noticed right away that received signal level was 10dBm down from my Optimus V.  Wifi easy setup and fast.  Youtube videos look fine, but the screen is washed out if viewed from any angle other that straight on.  Colors faded and not as vivid as my Optimus. Signal weak compared to my Optimus and not able to sync 3G.  Stayed in 1x the entire time I used it at the house.  GPS took at least five minutes to lock on sat first time. It was faster later if you are in same place.  But move to a different location and it will take a long time to lock.  Just could not live with the weaker signal so I took it back to BB.  They did not have any more in stock so I just got my money back. Overall I can only give it 3 stars because of the lack of a signal.  Side by side with my Optimus it was consistently 10dBm weaker signal. I was going to get another one now that BB has them in stock again, but many other users reporting same problem with antenna. Waiting on Optimus Black in December.

Not good stupid cell it never work good is so slow is a trash cellphone :-'( I spect a good item......

When I first discovered Virgin Mobile, I thought it was great. Unlimited texting and internet for $25 a month was perfect for me. I decided to upgrade my LG to this touch screen Motorola. I paid $300 for it new, and I have had it for approximately 5 months. The touch screen for texting is terrible, I can't type one word without it entering a random letter ( I have small fingers, and even when texting slowly it inserts letters randomly). This phone also opens apps on its own, and runs slowly if you don't go in and manually turn them off. The lock screen often freezes, so I spend 5 minutes trying to get it to unlock, and most of the time I have to actually take the battery out to reset it. Once in a while the phone will turn itself off, or reset itself. When I try to answer an incoming call, sliding the green arrow on the touch screen actually hangs up on the person. If I make an outgoing call from the phone, the call quality is so bad the person on the other end can not hear what I am saying, and they come in unclear as well. Typically I don't receive text messages until hours after they were sent, sometimes not at all. I take really good care of my belongings, so this phone is not acting up because of abuse. Virgin mobile looks like a great deal, but this phone is not worth the quality of performance and frustration of trying to make it work. I am a very disappointed customer and would not recommend this product to anyone.

the phone works great! it came at the time specified. the phone was still in the box as described in the description and works perfectly!

love the price that it was listed for.  There was no mention as to if it was new or not, but at $219, it's still a good deal.  The package arrived sooner than quoted and it was a brand new phone!So.. super fast shipping, awesome price and great product = happy review.Thanks,Mr.moP.s. wish you all many more sales.

I have owned the Motorola Triumph for a month now. I waited to write a review because sometimes issues with the phone aren't going to be evident until you've messed around with it for a while.Before purchasing this phone, I did loads of research on the internet. There were many complaints about the device, so I was contemplating the actual purchase. I've heard many complaints about the GPS not connecting, the front-face camera not working,the lock screen flashing, not being able to get service and many other things. But for Virgin Mobiles $25/month [I've been with them for a while, so I haven't had to change to the $35/month yet. Still... $35?!] I figured I would give it a shot, and return the phone within 30 days if it was really that bad. I'm very happy that I made this decision.When I first took it out of the box, I was surprised on how sturdy the phone felt in my hand. With a 4.1 inch screen the phone itself is beautiful. After letting the phone charge I turned it on and was delighted to see how bright and colorful the screen was. It was very quick, with its 1 GHz processor. It literally whips through pages and it's menus.I noticed, though, after I activated the phone, that on average, I only get about 2/4 bars of service while in 3G. I thought this would be an issue [keep in mind I live somewhat in the boondocks... or outer suburbs.] but after using the phone for the last 30 days, I can happily say that I have NEVER lost a call, or not been able to receive/send text messages. Ever. But! Sometimes, if I go into a basement, or somewhere really out in the boonies [like a cornfield] I will drop down to 1x and not be able to use the 3G internet. But dropping down to 1x has never stopped me from using the phone... as a phone. A reminder:: You're on sprint's network. Point made. If you're looking for the best service... go pay $100/month for AT&T; or Verizon. Other than that, the internet was quick [comparing to the blackberry bold, motorola cliq, and sidekick]. Flash is available. Videos load pretty averagely. Quicker than any of the phone's I've ever owned, but I've seen other phones [like the galaxy S II] completely beast on YouTube.People had a problem with the GPS. I don't know if it was just their phones, or their location, but my Triumph locked me in a location quickly [within 2 minutes]. I never use the GPS, but I had to try it out because of all the complaints. It worked just fine for me.This phone is really a beauty, though. The pictures come out crisp with it's 5 megapixels. I know that doesn't compare to the 8MP that are on some of the higher end phones, but 5MP is enough. Has flash and zoom. Good camera overall. I have NEVER had an issue with the front-face camera. It works every time. I have not tried using it for face talk though, so find another review for that. The video is great. 720p. It does blur when moving it, but most videos do. Sound is great as well.It is a droid, so you get all of the perks of the Android Market, plus the beauty of a solid motorola [without motoblur, might i add (: ..]. Just be careful with what you download because the phone only comes with 152 MB of internal memory. It also comes stock with a 2GB micro SD card, but you can get up to 32 GB for all the extra space you need.Overall, this phone is great. It's quick and powerful. I can do anything I want with it, without any problems. I have yet to see the lock screen flashing/flickering. It's been absolutely fine for me. I love this phone. It works wonderfully, calls are clear. Texting is fast [the keyboard is great, and I like that it doesn't auto correct for you. But there isn't a dictionary that suggests words for you. I never used that anyways. It does help you with words like I'll.. Where it will capitalize the "I" and add an apostrophe for you. Other than that, you're on your own. People will have to actually have to learn how to type correctly without relying on auto correct. Bummer. (; haha]If you have the funds to afford the iPhone 4S or the Galaxy S II, then by all means, go for that phone, but if you're on a budget and want a decent phone that is closer to high-end, than I highly recommend the Moto Triumph. I've gotten a lot of compliments on this phone, and I haven't had anyone guess that I'm on a prepaid plan for only $35/month. To be honest, that's what sold me on the phone in the first place.

while it has some nice features, this phone is poor quality, cuts off a lot, often times has no signal when other phones have a strong signal, and will generally make you feel stupid for purchasing it.  take my advice and buy something else.  frankly I'm surprised it's still for sale.

ATTENTION PEOPLE!!!! TO fully enjoy this phone you will need to install android 2.3 gingerbread rom or something of that sort.The stock rom that comes with this phone the 2.2 froyo sucks!!!The stock rom runs this phone very slow!One you root the phone to 2.3 gingerbread the phone will be super fast and perfect for a prepaid phone.

Well, bought this phone for about $200.00 which was a pretty good price. I like the size of the screen and I have rooted mine, seems to be very easy to do. Some of the features I was surprised for the price of the phone, I like the fact it is using Gorilla Glass as well as HDMI out although I rarely use that feature. GPS is not all that great on stock, it works for me but can take 5 minutes to lock, rooted I can get it in about 30 seconds. Battery life is awful on this but I kind of expected that on this phone, if I leave mine on a full charge off the charger over night for 8 hours while I sleep, the phones completely dead. Ordered a aftermarket charger to see if that fixes anything. The signal seems to be slightly worse than my LG Optimus V but the audio seems to be alright. The phone feels durable and I've dropped it a few times, no dings or anything. For $200 I wasn't expecting much but it's not a bad phone as long as they fix those features. Giving it a 4/5

So far, so good!I made the leap of faith from Verizon (once my contract expired) to Virgin Mobile at the prompting of a co-worker.  I really didn't want to lock in another 2-yr contract with Verizon...even though I was receiving a 22% discount through my employer with Verizon, I am still saving about $25 a month with Virgin.The phone works great and performs better than I expected.  It seems slow here and there, but that could be b/c of Sprint's network (service has been fine, no complaints, but I think most would agree that Verizon's coverage is the best...but are you willing to pay for that premium??).The touch-screen could be a little more sensitive, but really no issues with it.If you are making the switch from Verizon, I'd say that this phone is probably on par with the HTC Evo.  I know there are fancier phones out there right now...but again, I'm happy with saving $25/mo with my Motorola Triumph and Virgin Mobile!

I have been a happy Virgin Mobile customer for some time now. The $25 plan is great, especially with the unlimited web, but with the LG Optimus V I seemed to have reception problems. I now know that the reception problems had to do with the Optimus along with its general sluggishness, as I've had no such issues with the much snappier Motorola Triumph. I had read some disparaging reviews online about the Triumph which made me apprehensive about moving my service over to it, but my experience has been purely positive.Even though others have said that the Triumph is pretty "vanilla" Android 2.2, I would have liked to see some kind of built-in task manager (holding down the Home button on the Samsung Galaxy Tab, for example, brings a list of recently-used applications and a "task manager" button that allows you to selectively kill apps). I've found that is a good way to extend Android's less-than-stellar battery life.

I have to admit. I was ashamed to be buying a Virgin mobile phone, but after looking at prices after being with Verizon and AT&T; for 10 years at my companies expense I thought it was worth a shot as I hate contracts. I did think $300 was a bit high for a 'disposable' phone, but it turned out to be a great deal. I love it, and 6 weeks in, I still love it which is something I haven't been able to say about any HTC, Samsung, or LG phone I've had in the last 10 years.Pros:- It works. Its rock solid.- Fast. My last HTC was so sluggish when I typed I pretty much gave up on text messaging. This is awesome.- Android is great on this device.- Its structurally built well.- The camera and screen are brilliant! Even compared to the iPhone. (Which I love, but I'm anti-contract.. .Sooo...)- Virgin price is awesome. 1/3 of what I would pay on a dumb contract.Cons:- The battery lasts less than a day even with low to moderate use.- I question if there will ever be an Android version upgrade for this phone being that motorola just sold off their division to Google, and Virgin has certainly not been super interested in upgrades in the past.- Its back cover says Virgin, which changes your 'social' status from 'cool new phone' to 'I'm a dude that can't hold a job and has to have a phone service sold at 7-11s'. Meh....... I'm cool with that.- VIrgin is on the Sprint network, which, sadly is terrible in my opinion. I've never seen more than 2 out of 5 bars on the receiver. Even outside. Forget inside, and I"m in a large city. I can't blame the phone, several friends have other sprint phones, and all are terrible. AT&T; and Verizon certainly have their place if you like making calls indoors. Interestingly enough though, data service, when you get it, is very fast. and you can't beat the Virgin price.

1) First triumph just died on me, the battery refused to charge so I had to return it.2) triumph #2 took unfocused pictures 100% of the time.3) triumph #3 would NEVER get a GPS lock. The triumph has by far the absolute worse GPS on any phone EVER. 20 out of 20 times  it would not achieve a GPS lock.4) triumph #4 same issue as #3. I imagine both the first 2 triumphs had the GPS lock issue as well, I just never tested it out.All four had horrible reception, apparently  its a single band radio who's frequency is less likely to penetrate indoors so the end result is a constant weak signal. You may think well its just your area, but no, I had the optimus V before this one and never had signal issues or GPS lock issues. There is a reason this prepaid phone is so inexpensive, and its not because they used the best parts to make it.This phone is absolutely horrendous. I don't understand how anyone in the right mind would give it anything more than 1 star.  It's well documented all over the internet how horrible it is. Motorola even had to delete the threads from their support forums to save themselves from the embarrassment.  My experience was during the first 3 weeks of the phones release so it's entirely possible that they have made adjustments to the hardware/software to fix all of the problems, but I doubt it.[...]

nice phone when it works. buttons are in a weird spot whereas if you press the on button and volume button at the same time from regular holding (thumb and index finger grip) it goes into boot mode. only way to stop it is to take the battery out.  occasionally my phone just dies for no reason.  it cuts off and won't work.  again, have to take the battery out for a while, it does work okay after that.  the camera is NOTHING to write home about for a 5 mp, but it's there for an emergency and with bright light it can take decent photos. forget inside with average lighting.the gps works okay and have used it several times, no problem connecting than with any other gps enabled device.  the phone works okay, no problems with dropped calls. the internet is so so, hopefully there is a cell tower around, but it's not that reliable. i do better with stealing an open network or just using wi-fi.  3g is not all that unless you're in a great area, if so it works okay.  i would NOT buy this phone again, but i'm stuck with it for now.  it cost waaaay too much for all it doesn't do.

I have had this phone for about 6 mos. At first I had some of the same problems listed in other reviews, but found apps to solve every one of them. The three apps that helped a LOT are Android Assistant, Lookout & ESPECIALLY Juice Defender. I do have an extra battery & a wall charger to keep a fully charged one on hand, but the life is greatly extended with Juice Defender. Android Assistant keeps my phone running well also - it's "cacher cleaner" keeps it running at full speed & can be set to run automatically at various intervals. Without that the phone will slow down to a crawl after a while on the internet.I have seen a few people talk about the SCREEN PROTECTOR they think comes on the phone in addition to the thin plastic sheet that peels off. I dropped my phone last week & unfortunately shattered the top corner of the LCD. Since I have another on order, I decided to try to peel this thicker sheet off. You can see this added layer around the edges of the screen. YES it does come off & YES it improves the screen clarity & sensitivity. It is a very thick , very sticky sheet of plastic.IMPORTANT UPDATE: I have done some research & decided to NOT pull the plastic layer  off my new phone. The display is 262k TFT which stands for Thin Film Transistor Liquid Crystal Display. PLEASE look up "TFT LCD" & "Liquid Crystal" on Wikipedia before you peel it off. There are good explanations of the construction of such screens & I now believe it is meant to stay on!! Maybe I'm wrong but please look up those terms first.For me the memory is great (I have about 100 apps on it including stock), the processor is very fast (I've tried newer phones & the increase in speed is very little), and it is VERY customizable. I've changed the look completely & love it. There are many icons, themes, fonts to use. And you can find enough to make your phone look & behave a lot like an iPhone or like it has Gingerbread or Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS).In my opinion, don't be scared off by initial "problems" if you want to call them that. It just needs a little work & customization & you can have an incredible phone for no contract & a CHEAP monthly fee through Virgin Mobile. Hope this helps!

Bought this phone after looking at contract plans, and decided it was worth the initial 269 investment. I have had minimal problems, the biggest of which is the drain on the battery. I did have to remove the battery once as well to reboot it. My calls sound good, I pick up 3 g all over town, so overall pretty happy. Better battery life would give it 5 stars.

I've had this phone since September 2011 and I still love this phone.  I recently bought a silicone case that works really well. I took off the stock screen protector and that has improved the sensitivity quite a bit. I'm a heavy user so it needs charging once every maybe 8-12 hours, depending on how much I use it. I have ordered an extended 1600 mAh battery for it so it should last quite a bit longer.I also have rooted this phone as well as flashed the MIUI ROM and kicked up the processor to 1.5 ghz. I consistently score between 2600-2900 on Quadrant (although Quadrant scores don't realistically reflect everyday use performance, it should be seen as more of an idea of your phone's performance) but the scores hang with high end contract phones.Overall I am extremely pleased with this phone and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a quality prepaid phone.I believe this phone paired with Virgin's phone plans are the best bang for your buck.

Owned for one year. Bought for its key selling features: pay-as-you-go service with Virgin Mobile, screen resolution, front facing camera, 5 MP/HD rear camera, processor, and the 3G data.Overview:This is an aggravating, buggy, flawed phone that delivers mediocre to poor quality on all of the above features except for the screen resolution, which is good, but not bright enough outdoors.Called support with Virgin Mobile, they replaced this phone 2 times. Customer service was fair/average. Bugs were made worse by subsequent replacements. Finally I just gave up.Bugs:Some of these bugs accumulate gradually after getting it out of the box. I noticed there were significant problems about two weeks after I exceeded my  return policy deadline. Yay.* Phone occasionally (1+ times a month) locks up completely to where I have to remove the battery to get it to respond.* The HD video camera usually freezes frame as it records, but keep recording the audio. This isn't just a playback issue. Even a short 5 minute video will have 2-5 "dead" spots where video is simply frozen.* Drop the video resolution setting to a crummy sub-HD resolution, it will cope better, only occasionally freezing video. But there are other phones with cameras sporting lower resolutions that are far, far cheaper than this phone.* Front facing camera, used for video calls, is adequate. Not great. Rear camera still shots are fair/good quality for a phone camera.* RAM memory (running apps) constantly needs to be cleared or the phone will become sluggish / unresponsive. Usually this is right when I have an urgent need like a phone call, or to look up something on an app. Very irritating.* Unless you download very few apps, the internal hard disk memory gets so full that you will have to wipe and re-install everything on this phone at least once a month. You can move every possible app to the SD memory card, and still the system files will slowly fill up and you'll be wiping the phone within 2 months.To sum up, I would never, never buy this phone. If you barely use most of its features, and hardly installed any apps, you may not have as much frustration. But there are far cheaper phones that would fit the light user better. This is far too buggy, far too frustrating for the money.

I absolutely LOVE this phone! I've had it for about a month now and it does everything I need it to do! It's so easy to keep organized now! When you buy yours if you use kickback code g0nevD7U you'll get 60 FREE minutes on top of whatever plan you choose!

my daughter love thephone she can do anything with the phone thank you for everything,everybody shoud by one.she like how big it is

Just bought this phone on [...] last night and I opted for the 1 day shipping hopping it will get to my house on MondayMotorola Triumph Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)

I got the phone quickly and it was new as the seller said. I absolutely love this phone. I have read many, many reviews about the Triumph, some good, some bad. As for me I can only praise it. It is 3g so obviously not as fast as some out now, but it is great fun and very useful. I read the battery life was short, but since I use it so much this makes sense to me. Kudos to the seller who delivered the phone fast!

amazing phone for prepaid services, shipped fast great price! i Love everything about this phone! I would Definitely recommend this phone to all the people that are being over charged in a company for no reason at all... &lt;3

I've had this phone for about 3 months now and I do like the majority of the features on the phone but it does have its limitations.  I upgraded from the Rumor Touch so by comparison this phone is much better, but for a smart phone it has a few quirks that are not so smart.1.)  The #1 purpose for any cell phone is for talking, this phone has a poor design for talking.  Any and everyone that I talk to say that they can't understand what I'm saying because my voice is extremely muffled and distorted.  Other people just say "please call me back when you get to a better area".  I'm too embarrassed to say that it's not the area; it's the new phone that I bought.  I text as much as possible now to avoid the difficulty in achieving a general conversation.2.)  Speaker phone....A bigger joke than normal phone.  It's just simply bad.  The sound from the speaker is constantly being picked up by the mic which cancels out the sound from the speaker.  So the result sounds like this - "ip...op...yip...nop...yap...bip...bup" You get the picture!  But the speakers work great for games, music, and text-to-voice.3.)  The reception is weak.  Sitting in my house I have full reception bars on my old Rumor Touch but on the Triumph it will only reach half bars at the most.  And that's with the two phones sitting side-by-side on the table.4.)  GPS signal is erratic.  While using the navigation it is not unusual for this phone to lose the GPS signal.  This is extremely inconvenient during turn-by-turn navigation when all of a sudden it stops telling you where to turn next.The Triumph has the potential to be a great phone.  It has a nice weight, nice screen size, and it's great for gaming and texting.  Also the HD video has great quality.  If you don't talk a lot then this is the perfect phone for you, but if you're a big talker then take my advice and choose another model.

Good phone. Haven't had it that long (about a month), but haven't had any problems yet. VERY satisfied.Strongly recommend if you're planning to get a Virgin Mobile phone.

This phone is great so far. I've had it for a couple of months, installed many apps and removed many more. So far it's been vast and responsive, with very few issues.The screen is great. I use it for watching TV at the gym to keep the treadmill from getting too boring and it's great for this purpose.The touchscreen is responsive, and I haven't really had any issues with it. I have had a couple of instances of touches not registering but only in certian apps, so I blame buggy apps more than the phone.Reception has been good; I can get a better signal that my previous phone (an old Motorola non-smart phone).The only issue I have is it's too loud wth headphones. Between the sound being 'Off' and at '1' (it goes to 20) there should be a coupld of intermediate steps. So far I haven't found any fix for the issue.I have noticed it will get slow at times - but this is when I'm trying a ton of new apps that have left things running in the background. If I'm careful about what I install and run it works great.

I didnt expect this phone to be this great! My first impression was the sleek design with the rubbery feeling (if you had a Optimus V you know what I'm talking about). Out of all the Android phones I've used, this phone the fastest I've gotten, with a 1GHz processor what more can you ask for? If you're a heavy user with mutiple applications running then you just might need a the Android Booster App. The Motorola Triumph also has a HDMI output integrated so you can stream Netflix (if you have an account) directly to your HD TV, or you can play HD videos you recorded with the phone's camera directly to your TV! This phone can easily be compared to the iPhone with a front facing camera and a 5 mega pixel back camera. If you want to save money on your phone bill, I highly recommend this phone along with Virgin Mobile's Beyond Talk unlimited data plans.

First of all, I am sorry if you are not in a good Virgin Mobile area to receive clear calls.  For the ones that are, then this phone is great.  I was going to hold onto my Optimus V, until I was able to find the Triumph for around $150.  VM has alot better phones now. Yet, if you still want the $25 plan.  This is the one to have. When activating your phone, use 4D99DUWW code for a free 60 Minutes.

I owned switched over to VM back in January, at which point I purchased to LG Optimus V phones (one of myself and a second for my wife).  On the whole I was impressed with the LG Optimus V and with VM's service (and price).  My LG has withstood quite a bit of abuse, but a couple of weeks ago it took a tumble out of my pocket and into 4 inches of standing water.  The still worked--but it hasn't been quite right since (it randomly dials people and the touch screen is not working well).  So, time to buy a new phone.  I was torn between getting another Optimus V (on sale for $125 at Target) or picking up a Triumph $300 at target, but it came with a $50 target gift card.  Despite some of the reviews on line, I decided to give the Triumph.Although there are a lot of complaints about this phone including: flickering screens, light leakage from the screen, poor touch response, poor bluetooth connectivity, poor cell reception and 3g performance, I can't say I have experiences any of these issues in the three weeks that I have had this phone.  For the most part, I would say the wifi reception, 3g reception and voice performance is on par with the Optimus V.  It is true that, where the Optimus would show a 4 bar signal reception, the Triumph might show 3 (I have my wife's optimus for comparison), but I have not seen any real world difference in performance.  It's no secret that manufacturers can play with the devices to show stronger signals that the device actually has (iPhone 4 anyone???) and that may be the case here.  On the whole the phone is much snappier than the Optimus.  The Optimus would get bogged down a bit on Angry Birds once you hit the second round of level--not the case at all with the Triumph.  The Optimus struggles to handle video streaming from HBO Go, Max Go and Netflix--the Triumph has no such issue.  The larger size screen is a definite improvement on the Optimus as is the bump in resolution.  However, the viewing angles on the Triumph are just ok and the screen is really just an average TFT LCD display.  Don't get this phone expect Samsung Galaxy Super AMOLED or Apple Retina Display-type performance.  It's just not happening.  Believe it or not, the biggest improvement I have noticed is the bump from 756 ROM to 2gig.  I would constantly run out of memory on the optimus because, even when you move apps to the  micro SD card, some memory remains on the phone.  When you only have 40mb to of space to work with, you really can't have many apps on the phone.  The Optimus is really limited in the number and size of the apps it could handle.  The Extra 1.5 gigs of available space on the Triumph makes a huge difference.In terms of battery life, that depends a lot on how you use the phone.  It doesn't have the battery life of the Optimus by any stretch, but it's not terrible.  It's a typical smart phone.  It has enough juice to get the average user through the work day and you have to plug it in every night.  If you're a heavy user, you may find that you're getting down to 25% by the end of the work day.  If you a task killer and a battery saver app, you should be able to get through a full day.  It would help to have a spare battery, but for some reason it's harder to find extra batteries for the Triumph than for other phones (I picked up 4 spares for the Optimus for $4 each).Call quality on the phone is good--about the same as the optimus.  3g speeds vary by location--but overall performance is about the same on 3g with the Triumph and Optimus.  Wifi is actually better on the Triumph--the snappier processor makes a big difference here.I wish the Triumph had Android 2.3 (Gingerbread), a sharper screen and better battery life, but for a pre-paid smart phone, it is currently the best one on the market.  The LG Optimus Black (probably a different name when it hits VM) may be a better phone--at least a better screen and better battery life, but it isn't available yet.  Even when it does hit VM, it is using an older TI OMAP 3620 processor.  The Qualcomm Scorpion, with Adreno 205 GPU in the triumph is a much better chipset (same as the LG Revolution and HTC Thunderbolt).  There's give and take as with anything.  If you're looking for a higher content smartphone on a pre-paid plan, the Triumph is a great choice.

I have had this phone since the day it was released an have had NO problems with it. I LOvE it anwould buy another and recommend it to a friend.

Easy to operate, easy to activate, and still learning new things about it daily.  After years of being taken to the cleaners with phone contracts I finally gave up and tried pre-paid.  I've had Boost (not a fan of), Virgin (had for 3 years), and then switched to Straighttalk (absolutly love but hate the lack of good phones).  I just left straighttalk when I purchased this phone.  My only complaint on this phone is the battery life...but not everything can be perfect. I bought a separate charger for the house, office, and one for the car.  I'm sure If I stayed off facebook and didnt stream Pandora all day my battery life might be a little better but the positives outweigh the negatives!

This is a great starting smartphone from a pre-paid company. It was all the features of a phone that you would get from a company that has you locked in for two years, which I personally think is ridiculous when you can get the same quality from a company for a cheaper price. Virgin Mobile really stepped up their game with this awesome phone. A new Iphone will cost you 200 dollars and I paid about 260 for this phone and I will definitely earn that money back not paying $70-80 dollars a month for a smartphone plan..Features I really like is that it has built in Wi-Fi so I can get my email and stuff but like all other smart phones the battery sort of lacks compared to other phones I've had. But you will get that with any smart phone.Overall great phone and I would (and have) recommended it to others.

Not worth mentioning the pros when the two flaws make it a frustrating waste of time and money.1) The touchscreen is inconsistent and sometimes completely unresponsive. How does it miss my big thumb pressing the CENTER of the screen on the LARGE button to end the call?2) The cell signal is abysmal compared to an LG Optimus in the same area. I will be lucky to get 1 bar to the LG's 3 or 4.It has other little errors I can overlook (wifi/GPS not always connecting quickly, yet another company that doesn't offer OS upgrades). I can also accept that this phone is not being "top of the line" and shouldn't expect $600 dollar phone quality. But I do expect the core components of a TOUCHSCREEN PHONE to be able to handle both features with ease.Save up a little more for a Nexus 4 or some other phone.

So I am writing this review as I wait for my replacement phone to come in the mail.  It seems that I was mailed someone elses return.  The packaging was open and seems to have had perfume spilled on it.  I did open and activate the phone only to find out that it had almost all of the issues that other people had.  Light leakage in bottom left hand corner, gps would take at least 10 minutes to lock when it actually worked, black and white screen flicker when unlocking from idle, unresposive back button, unresponsive screen and  poor battery life. I was able to extend the battery life by downloading advanced task killer. The one area I didnt have any issues with was 3g speed seems I had a signal compairable if not better than the Rumor touch that I had previously. I never recieved a voice signal more than 2 bars however the only time I noticed any connection issues was when I was on the phone with Amazon. Which means I was probably speaking to a call center in another country which could have caused the poor reception. This phone has an awesome camera and the flash works great.  I did not expierence any blue tint to the screen as other mentioned.  It really is like playing russian ruelet when you buy this phone.  You may get lucky the first time and end up with a good one and you may have to try and try again.  I am praying the next one is a good one.  If not it will be going back for a full refund.  I really like the phone the screen size is awesome and I like the design of the phone with the more squared shape.  With a price tag of $300.00 you really expect a more consistant and reliable product.  I would recommend the product but do keep in mind that you may have to return it a few times before you get a good one.  I will update my review after I recieve the new one and let you know if I was blessed of not.  As for now I will continue to pray for a non defective delievery tomorrow.UPDATE:  Woooohoooo! Okay so here is the update.  Seems this time I got a good one.  The GPS locks in less than 5 minutes on a very cloudy overcast day.  Once it locks the first time for the day it then starts locking within a minute.  No screen flickers to be seen.  No sudden reboots like the other one. The screen does however have a slightly blue tint when the brightness is turned all the way down.  The battery life is still horrible but this is to be expected with any smart phone from what I understand.  No problems with 3g connections and I have actually seen 3 bars on this one in places I barely got 1 bar on the other one. There is however a light leak on this one which is in the bottom corners on both the left and right sides but it is not as bright and noticible as the light leak on the other one. And I am actually wondering if a silicone cover would cover them up entirely.  All in all I am very happy with this one and will be keeping it.

I did not think I needed a smartphone but my sister convinced me to buy one. I decided on the Motorola Triumph supported by Virgin Mobile and now can't imagine not having it! The triumph is a great smartphone!

Had it for about a week with no real issues. Takes decent pictures and videos and is quite thin. Easy to setup Virgin account($35 unlimited web/text, 300 minutes talk). My only complaint so far is the battery barely makes it a day(granted with heavy initial use). With more normal use and using it more as a phone it should be able to make it a couple days before a couple hour recharge.Extras purchased:Spare batteryhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006HZK8Q8/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00Snap on coverhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007R0H21Q/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i01LCD screen protectorhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005JHIEG6/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i00HDMI micro adapterhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003UH0Z9Q/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i0032GB class 4 SD micro cardhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004G60AD6/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00Will post more as things come up.

If I could give this zero stars I would.  I had gone through 7 (count em) 7 Motorola Triumphs.  The phone will not hold a charge when plugged into the charger.  I had the exact same problem with every single phone I got.  Finally, after the 7th phone attempt I contacted the Better Business Bureau which in turn contacted Virgin Mobile/Sprint and my phone was replaced with a Samsung Galaxy Reverb.  I hope I can save one person from the pain of this defective phone.  I've noticed that Virgin Mobile doesn't even carry this phone anymore.  I'm sure it is from all the complaints about selling a defective phone.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE!

This is a great pay as you go program that costs much less the other phone carriers...only bad news is phone reception is very bad...all other programs work very well.

I have owned this phone for 2 years but now I can do nothing with it. the os can not be upgraded from fro-yo aka 2.2.2 to anything of use most phone these days come with at least jelly bean 4.0. I was so upset when Motorola declined to allow updates on this phone. As for virgin mobile I love it no problem here

Phone worked for a week then all the sudden I couldn't receive incoming calls.  Everything went straight to voicemail with no notification.  Of course, it took me a couple days to figure out what was going on with phone.  I have been on phone with customer service and emailed issue too. At first I thought I had set something on phone but no one has been able to fix it and it has become a family game to try to get my phone working.  Everyone who thinks they know how to set up a phone has tried. Still haven't fixed it, first representative said it most likely was local towers.I am returning phone today and will exchange it for a new one.  If that one goes bust think I will be done.

very fast for a 3g phone, compaired to the optimus v I have the screen res. is way better and way bigger. the battery dies VERY quick even with advanced task killer but im going to figuer that out as soon as i can to make it last longer. i got the phone in 1 day even though i got 2 day shipping. the package was in mint condition and everything was in place but the back cover to the phone (it was off but in mint cond.) i would recomentd this phone to anyone who likes virgin mobile and the plans are very cheap ($35, $45, $55) ti does not have swype keyboard but you cant complain about everything lolthe one day i have had it i have had no problems but 1 pixle on the bottom right does not work (when i say ONE i mean ONE not like a patch just 1)i love this phone and i will update my review next month.

I loved this phone, but after time the charger pins don't line up or become wiggly. Plugging in for charging was useless, don't bother buying it, unless they have fixed the problem.

This is more of a glorified tablet with terrible battery life, Very poor sound, and nobody can hear me when I call them (I would end up hanging up on the caller and calling people back with my wife's cell)Even though is sucks as a phone every other feature works OK.since I've bought myself a real phone, this just turned my old 42&#34; TV into a smart TV using the HDMI and usb charging port.So as of now this phone is what I use when I get bored and want to play Minecraft PE, or Netflix without killing my real phone's battery. What a waste of Money....

Im going on my 3rd replacement of my triumph and am about ready to give up. am not happy with this phone. it has too many issues. everytime I get a "new" one from VM, it has new and different issues. I paid 250 dollars for a phone (which I could barely afford) because I thought it would work well and last. Im sorry to say it hasnt. from what I have read on the net in general--this phone has Many issues for many people. you are taking a big chance if you buy this phone.

I've always been hesitant to use a pre-paid carrier because the selection of phones left a lot to be desired.  However, this phone with it's 1Ghz snapdragon processor is finally a good replacement for the HTC Evo I've been using for the last 18 months.  I won't say that it's perfect, but I have about 90% of the functionality of the EVO and a cell phone bill that is more than half off the monthly amount I used to pay.The major downside of the Triumph is that there aren't any extended batteries available yet.  The EVO battery life wasn't great either, but I purchased a Seidio Innocell 3500 mAh Extended-Life Battery which doubled the battery life of the EVO, so I could use it all day.  The Triumph really has to be charged at least once during the day to make it through an entire day.Also, I've received some feedback from people I've called that the speakerphone isn't as clear on the Triumph as it was on my EVO.Other than those two issues, the phone has performed very well.  I did experience some random reboots on the first couple of days, but I haven't seen that happen since then.To remedy the battery life issue (and until there's a better option available), I just purchased aNew Trent iCruiser IMP1000 11000mAh External Battery Pack and Charger for iPad2, iPad, iPhone 4S 4 3Gs 3G (AT&T; and Verizon), iPod Touch (1G 2G 3G 4G 5G), HTC Android EVO, Blackberry, Samsung Galaxy S, Droid, Nintendo, Sony PSP and much more, which I've read will give up to a week of use on a phone like this.UPDATE: I returned my phone to Amazon today and replaced it with an LG Optimus Slider.  The LG Optimus Slider specs aren't anywhere near as good as the Motorola Triumph and the screen is smaller, but at least it's reliable.  I've only returned a handful of products to Amazon over the years, so for me to return this phone, it had to be bad.  The main problems I found are as follows:1. Random reboots.  The phone just reboots itself sometimes for no reason at all.  I was able to live with this because it wasn't that bad, even though it was annoying.2. Speakerphone microphone isn't clear, so callers are unable to hear you clearly when using speakerphone.  I always used speakerphone on my Evo, but never could use it on the Triumph, so I opted for bluetooth instead (see below)...3. Bluetooth is unreliable.  I tried to give this phone the benefit of the doubt literally for 2 weeks.  I was using an older Jawbone Prime, so I figured, maybe the bluetooth was randomly disconnecting because I needed to upgrade.  So, I purchased the Jawbone ICON from Amazon - same issue.  Then I purchased the LG bluetooth headset and same problem.  Turns out that bluetooth issues with this phone are a known issue.  If you google Motorola Triumph Bluetooth Issues, you'll see what I mean.  I was hoping there was a fix out there; I even considered rooting, but found out that there's no way around this issue.  Bluetooth will work for awhile (maybe 1 or 2 calls) and then won't work again until you turn off bluetooth in settings and turn it back on.  The bluetooth issue is what prompted me to return the phone.  I've been using the LG Optimus Slider for just a day now and it is so nice not having to worry about whether my bluetooth will work on the next call.4. Battery life is awful.  I was going to try living with this.  I know battery life on smartphones in general is not that great.  I'd hoped there would be an extended battery available for this phone eventually, but the phone just simply couldn't go more than 12 hours without a recharge.  Admittedly, I spend a lot of time on the phone, but my Evo could keep up with me and the Triumph couldn't.

This hardware is great but Motorola offers zero support for many issues due to the outdated software they installed.  By rooting and installing the Gingerbread OS you have a phone comparable to the Droid.  Check out the Motorola support forum for this phone.  There is also a user supported developer working on a Ice Cream Sandwich ROM for the Triumph.

I bought this phone because I wanted something with a 1ghz processor and no contract.  Well I found it in the Motorola Triumph.  I've owned this phone for about 7 months and it seems like with each passing month, there was a new "problem" with the phone.  The first month was fine.  Second month I noticed the Wi-Fi would randomly stop while using it within my home's wireless network.  Actually it did this everywhere I went....if I went to McDonalds and used their Wi-Fi...I would only get about 10 minutes of use before the phone loses the connection and then I either have to restart the phone entirely or "stop & restart" the wi-fi service on the phone.  Option B rarely worked, so i usually ended up having to restart my phone to get the wi-fi back which at times was a major pain in the butt.Around the 3rd month the phone's headphone port became loose....so loose in fact that the wire would randomly fall out of the phone.  This became annoying when listening to music off the phone in my car...seems i would bump my phone and the mp3 wire would fall out.Around the 4th month a big scratch across the upper right corner appeared on the phone.  I will recognize the fact that it's my fault that the scratch happened.  As some would like to believe this phone does NOT have gorilla glass, so buying a screen guard would be a good idea.I put up with these problems until last week when the phone stopped syncing with my computer.  Everytime I plugged the phone into my computer the screen froze and the only way of getting the phone back was to take out the battery to reset the phone. I tried different USB ports on my computer, restarting the computer, restarting the phone....everything you can think of and still the phone would freeze as soon as I plugged it into my PC.  I figured enough was enough and ended up bending the phone in half like a taco.  It felt good actually....I wish I could have destroyed 3 more like it!Overall this phone has problems.  I didn't really cover the fact that it has worse reception than my previous Virgin Mobile phone, Optimus V, and because of that I never made that much phone calls from it.  I did use it for the unlimited data...which came in handy when watching Netflix movies on the road.  Only problem is I could never use the wi-fi for more than a couple of minutes (as described before) and had to watch movies on a subpar 3g data connection.  Seems on full data bars, a Netflix movie would stop every 10min to load.  Compared to today's 4g data connection (like Verizon) the data connection on this phone is very subpar.  To download Android app updates is fine, but heavier loads like streaming video can become a headache while watching.This phone (along with Virgin Mobile) seem to be behind in technology with the wireless wars going on with the bigger wireless companies, so I would only recommend going with Virgin Mobile if you're on a budget crisis.  After crushing my Triumph phone, I bought a new phone (HTC Rezound) with a new Verizon contract and have been in love ever since!  Sure I pay $50 more a month and I don't have 'unlimited' internet anymore, but the speed of Verizon's 4G LTE is amazing and all those headaches I experienced with the Motorola Triumph are not present on this phone.....yet.

This is my first Andriod and I am in love!  The screen is HUGE and crystal clear with great resolution.  The touch screen is responsive most of the time, very rarely do I have to "double tap" anything.  The Andriod market is pretty awesome.  This phone is like an IPhone4 only made by motorola.  It does everything my boyfriend's IPhone can do.  The battery life is kinda low but almost every smartphone I've had is the same way.  There are several good apps that help extend the life (Advanced Task Killer) as well as changing a few settings.  Very user friendly phone that someone doesn't need a master's degree to operate.  Great phone! Buy from Amazon almost $100 cheaper then in store price..

Issuesphone ruines sd cardBad receptionNo software upsateGlitchy softwareBad return policyBad costumer serviceI looked up the phone online before purchasing. The only issue anyone mentioned was the fact the reception wasn't good on the phone. I figured thats not a biggie. Well guess what the reception is all right but, why is it that no body spoke about the countless software issues and how glitchy it is? There is no thought process what so ever behind it. It also broke my micro sd (32gb) by corrupting data on it. Then it decided to do a factory reset on me.Worst part is this the second one i got from them. The first one i gave back but instead of a return policy of any sort their policy is what ever is wrong can be fixed with free service and a new phone of the same model. Which is retarded and such c$#p. I complained about my second one and the said we will send you a brand new one. I don't understand how they plan on fixing the issue all it does is send me a new worthless phone and which makes know sense if the new phone has same issues. They refused to send me a different phone even a cheaper mode.There also hasn't been a software update in years with no plans for a update so your stuck with froyo. Which wouldnt be so bad if it weren't for the countless glitches

I bought my Motorola Triumph about 3 weeks ago,it Got to my house Fast! The phone has been running great no problem's.. came with a screen protector on it..Pay 25$ bucks a month use the internet and Messaging alot since im still in School! The battery could possibly be a lil better besides that GREAT PHONE BUY IT:D

I have had the Motorola Triumph for a few days now, replacing my Optimus V that was freezing on me more and more often.As far as the phone is concerned, I am happy with the bigger screen.  I agree with other reviewers who have complaints about the GPS.  It seems to work well sporadically.  The first time I used the navigation it took about 1 minute to lock in my position - since then I have tried 4 other times and gave up on waiting each time after 5 minutes.  The Optimus has a great GPS, so that is a disappointment to me, but not the end of the world.  I have not had any problems with reception.  It works in my office where people have issues with their iphones, so I am happy with the reception.I definitely recommend downloading Swype Beta.  Other than that, I just have your basic apps for newspapers, facebook and email running.  I have not had issues with battery power with moderate usage, but at the end of the day I have been down to about 15%.  I could see how heavy users may run low on battery power, but it works well for me for so far.  Overall, compared to the Optimus V, I prefer the larger screen but am disappointed in the GPS.  Other than those two issues, it's a toss-up for me.  My Optimus worked well for a year, so I will have to wait and see if I have similar issues with the Triumph as time goes by.  I was a littel bit concerned about quality when I ordered the Triumph because it seems like there are alot of lemons out there, but I must have gotten a good one.I would like to compliment this seller on their great customer service.  Initially I went to Radio Shack to buy this phone and had the worst shopping experience of my life.  I left the store in a bad mood, went home, and ordered from amazon.  Two days after I ordered my phone, the seller dropped the price by $15 dollars.  I contacted them and within a couple of hours I had a response - they credited me for the difference.  Very pleased with their service and I will definitely check them first when I am ready to buy another cell phone.

[UPDATE: My initial review was posted after using the phone for 2 or 3 days.  I've now used it for one or two more weeks, and numerous problems have been revealed, leading to me downgrading my review from 5 stars to 2.  See my new comments further down.UPDATE 2: I've had the phone for nearly a month now and it is getting returned.  The final update is at the bottom.]I won't do a comprehensive review of this phone because they're already out there.  In general, I will just say that this phone is far faster and smoother than the LG Optimus V I was using.  Download speeds are also greatly increased - apparently this has as much or more to do with the phone itself as it does with the network.  It's easiest to see the difference in download speeds over your Wifi at home, where the speed should be the same as it was with a different phone yet in fact it's now much, much faster.A few key facts then, both pros and cons:Swype: The phone does not ship with the Swype keyboard pre-installed.  Nevertheless, it is possible to get Swype for the phone easily, and without rooting the phone.  Just go to Swype's official website and click on the "join" link to get access to Swype "beta" (I'm not sure what's beta about it, it's unbelievable and vastly improved over the version of Swype I was using on the Optimus V).  Swype will then send you an e-mail with a link in it.  Open that e-mail *on your phone*, click on the link, and the rest just happens.Screen Protection: I'm 99% sure this phone ships with a screen protector already on it.  I know this because 1) I saw a video somewhere (I think Howard Forums) of a guy who claimed that his came with a screen protector on it, and who then removed that protector on the video (he didn't like screen protectors), and 2) now that I have the phone myself, I can see that at the *very* edge of the screen, there is a line that can be seen that seems to divide between a layer underneath and something that's on top of it but doesn't *quite* perfectly cover every millimeter of the surface - though that's probably on purpose, so that you can remove it if you want to or it becomes necessary.  With the factory screen protector on, the screen nevertheless looks vibrant and clear, and feels quite smooth.  I'd think it was just glass if I didn't know better.  It's pretty glossy and picks up a fair amount of glare, and is prone to lots of smudges and fingerprints.  FYI, the guy on Howard Forums claimed that after removing the screen protector the screen was somewhat more vibrant but also had more glare.  However, he was most impressed by how much more responsive the screen felt now that there was no separation between his finger and the actual glass.  If you don't want a screen protector, or want to swap out the factory one for a different one (perhaps at a later time if the one from the factory gets scratched up), you can remove the factory one.  The video guy pulled up the edge with a thumbtack.Internal Memory: Initial reports indicated that this phone had only 512MB of internal memory, and as of now the Virgin Mobile site also indicates that.  That appears to be incorrect.  According to the App2SD app, I have 1.05GB of internal memory.  By contrast, the Optimus V had only 140MB of internal memory, and for me that ran out VERY quickly.  With Android Version 2.2 and above, many apps can now be "moved" from the phone's internal memory to an SD card.  Nevertheless, how much usable *internal* memory you have is critical, because 1) many apps are not movable to the SD card, regardless of what version of Android you're running, 2) many apps only have full functionality if you're keeping them on the phone's internal memory (this most commonly comes up for apps that have widget functionality - the widgets cannot be used if the app is on the SD card), and 3) EVEN when you move an app to the SD card, all apps *still* leave portions of themselves on the internal memory.  You can see how much internal memory an app is using by going to Settings > Applications > Manage Applications and looking up the particular app (if you want to see how much memory an app is taking up on an SD card, use App2SD).  On the Optimus V, I had a number of apps that, even though officially "on the SD card", still left 2, 4, even 10 MBs on internal memory.  Thus, having 7 1/2 times the internal memory of the Optimus V is huge.Conclusion: I give the phone 5 stars because it not only does everything I expected of it but is also snappier and has more internal memory than reported.  The addition of a factory-installed screen protector (without air bubbles!) is also, to me, a plus.  The only negatives are that the screen is prone to smudges, and that the phone ships without Swype - but, as I explained, that's easily rectified.UPDATE: After using the phone for another one or two weeks, numerous problems have cropped up.  First, two additional positive points:LED light - The Triumph has an LED light that is located behind the earpiece grille.  It glows red when charging (green to et you know it's done), and pulsates when you have a new notification message.  This is a handy feature that the LG Optimus didn't have.Netflix - The free Netflix app is now available for the Triumph in the Android marketplace.  Streaming to the Triumph over a Wifi connection works nicely.  Last I saw the Optimus didn't have this app available, and maybe it couldn't because the phone needs more processing power to handle the streaming.And now for the problems that have cropped up:Restarts - The phone randomly restarts itself every so often.  It was not dropped on the floor nor did it get wet.Battery life/Reception - The battery life of this phone is decidedly worse than that of the Optimus.  I can only say this anecdotally as I haven't done "testing" per se - the phone just dies way too fast, and this is with options like Wifi, GPS&lt; and Bluetooth turned off.  As further evidence, I have a widget from the "Juiceplotter" app.  On a full charge for the Optimus, it would say I had something like 17 hours of battery life (presumably in standby conditions, not if you talked on the phone for 17 hours straight, obviously).  On the Triumph, the same widget gives me a maximum of 10 hours on a full charge, but in practice the phone doesn't come close to matching that. The reception is also definitely worse than the Optimus was, but again I can only comment on that anecdotally.Non-responsiveness - Sometimes the "back" button on the phone simply won't work for a while.  I'll be using an app and won't be able to get out of it except by using the "home" button.  The fact that the "home" button works indicates that the phone's CPU isn't just completely choked on something.  The app and phone are working, it's just that the back button checks out every so often.  The "menu" button  does the same thing, but a bit less often.Build quality - In the lower left corner of the phone, where the glass screen meets the outer hard plastic border of the phone, there is light leakage whenever the phone's screen is on.  It's only in this one spot.  I find it distracting and annoying and wonder what it says about the build quality of the phone.NEW Conclusion: It's always possible that the problems I've had are isolated to my particular phone, but all I can do is report on my own experiences.  If other people have the same experiences, then I think this phone's problems seriously outweigh its advantages, and you're better off going back to the more humble but more reliable Optimus.FINAL UPDATE: I've had the phone now for almost a month.  Its habit of restarting itself randomly has only increased, and the touch screen and touch-sensitive buttons remain unresponsive at times.  In addition, the battery life has been revealed to be absolutely abysmal.  In standby mode, the phone can lose up to 10% of its charge per hour, and of course loses it far more rapidly if it is actually being used.  I've decided that even if a phone wipe could somehow clear the first two problems, it certainly wouldn't improve the battery life or poor signal strength, so the phone is being returned.  Back to the Optimus V.

The entry of Android Operating system has revolutionalized the World of pre-paid phones. Now Customers have better options and even enhanced smart phones. The big players are coming up with better smart phones that cater to the pre-paid customers. Here are some of the best pre-paid smart phones in the market.Virgin Mobile hit the ball out of the ball-park for me with its prepaid smart-phone. The Motorola isn't just sleek, it also comes packed with some nice features. The Motorola Triumph is thin, with a huge enough screen:Height4.8"Width2.6"Depth0.39"Weight3.4 ozIt comes with 3G, Wi-Fi capable, Bluetooth 2.1, internal memory: 2GB, expandable memory: 32GB, 1GHZ Processor, Android 2.2 platform, RAM: 512 MB. It has 4 hours of battery life. It also features. It has dual Cameras, 5MP rear-facing and VGA front-facing. You can record and share HD videos in high quality 720p. It comes with an HDMI output. Record videos on your phone and watch them on your computer in HD.The Motorola triumph comes standard with several applications: Google maps, Google navigation-you can search for addresses, businesses, and landmarks and get directions to your destination. You can also view real-time traffic conditions and navigate hands-free using spoken, turn-by-turn driving directions. It comes with a YouTube app and a free Virgin Mobile live app which allows you to stream music.The plans are affordable:The phone is fast and rarely drops calls. The only disadvantage I found is that there is no update to 2.3 platform which would allow you to video chat via its `Google talk' app and the speaker is low when playing videos. Other than that the Motorola triumph is a sleek beauty.Virgin Mobile has some affordable plans:$35/Month, free web, data messaging and email with 300 minutes$45/Month, unlimited web, data  messaging and email with 1200 minutes$55/month, unlimited web, data messaging,email and unlimited talk.review by: John thuko. Visit me at [...] for more reviews

Had such high expectations for this phone, however the new product I received was defective and would not work.  Have spent the past two weeks troubleshooting and finally having to send it back to Motorola because the seller I purchased it from indicated they do not have another one.

I'm comparing this to my LG Optimus V, which was my previous Virgin Mobile phone.As an Android device for running apps, the Motorola Triumph is superior -- it's faster, has a larger screen, etc.As a phone, it's a disaster, for two reasons.  The first is that the person on the other end can't hear me talking unless I move the phone substantially away from my ear towards my mouth while I'm talking (far enough away that I couldn't hear if they started talking).  Second, unlike the LG Optimus V, it doesn't correctly handle numbers with the US country code in the phone book (i.e., numbers +1 ...); it tries to dial them as 011-1-....  Since a bunch of the numbers in my phone book come from other sources (e.g., Facebook), this is quite a pain.While I like this as an Android device, I'm considering returning it because of its inability to function as a phone.

Turns off and back on sporadically. Have had four replacements. Annoyed beyond belief with Motorola product, not Virgin Mobile.Avoid this phone.

This phone has a problem keeping the connection with bluetooth devices. I drive for a living and that's a big problem. It will often disconnect from my in-dash bluetooth connection after a call is finished. I also use this phone to stream podcasts while i drive and it works well but having to go into the settings and reconnect the bluetooth is annoying. The phone also momentarily freezes sometimes. If your a heavy user you will probably burn your battery out fast.  With that said it's still the best prepaid phone i have ever had and I learned to love it.  I don't plan on getting a new one any time soon.

I bought this phone last year. At first I LOVED it. I finally got a &#34;cool&#34; smartphone. It worked just fine for a couple months. Now I'm stuck with it until I can purchase a new one. It constantly freezes up, has a terrible camera, always restarts, battery life sucks, all around just a terrible phone. Complete waste of money. I thought it was just my phone that did this, but someone i work with also has this phone. It will tell you your phone storage is getting low (so I delete all my apps) and then will say text message memory is full when you have NO text messages in your inbox. I've deleted all my apps and text messages and it will still say it. So you have to restart your phone a million times before you can receive a text message. It's VERY annoying. I wouldn't suggest this phone to anyone!!!

Just got my Triumph in the mail yesterday and i must say I LOVE IT ! This baby has a nice smooth touch and a big clear screen. It runs fast but even faster when you have WiFi connection. I like the speaker and the brightness if the display. There is one slight problem (kinda big better yet) the battery runs down a little too quick. Umm thats the only thing i dont like but not a big deal to where i will take it back. I LOVE THE PHONE AND WOULD RECOMMEND IT :D !

This phone is literally something else. I've done a lot of research before I bought this phone and one word: Faulty. Every phone is faulty. Virgin Mobile and Motorola both know this, but really, they don't care (or so it seems.) In the first 3 days I have Virgin Mobile send me a replacement (which they were VERY NICE about) and that one works amazingly. There are fixes for this phone you can get, but that's for later research. The phone is overall very nice if you don't a working model. Apps run very smoothly, good amount of internal memory (no need to clear for memory), touch screen is very responsive and fluid, the touch buttons at the bottom can sometimes be annoying to get to work, but overall are nice. Phone overall signal is sub-par and often loses it's 3G signal (get Signal Reset to help with that...). The camera takes glorious pictures, but the recorder is kinda choppy. Overall, a really good smartphone (that, remember, has a LOT of problems...) for a prepaid company. If you have any questions about this phone (apps to help run a tad more properly) or something like that, hit me up with a message and I'll try to help you out!

I'm not lying when I say it's the worst phone ever created. It's even worse than the first motorola razor! It constantly freezes up, turns on and off on it's own, drops calls, and Virgin Mobile just has the WORST customer service. You get the run around on everything. I'm on my second replacement phone. Save yourself the money. Buy something else!

Disclaimer: I rooted and reflashed the phone almost immediately (two days) after getting it. This review is based on my experience using the phone with Gingerbread (Tickerguy's CM7/Reloaded).I've been using Virgin Mobile for almost a year now, having owned the LG Optimus V before the Triumph. The Optimus V is a robust phone with great battery life, but I wanted a bigger screen and a quicker processor, and the Triumph was the logical next step on the same carrier. I caught the Triumph on sale on Cyber Monday, and despite the mixed reviews I decided to order it and give it a whirl. I'll be making frequent comparisons to the Optimus V as it's the only other smartphone I've had, and I'd imagine many people looking into getting the Triumph are upgrading from the same (or a similar) phone.First impressions of the phone's build were quite good. It feels solid in my hand, and the Gorilla glass screen is fantastic after having used a plastic touchscreen for so many months. I cannot stress how nice having a glass screen feels. There is very, very minor creaking of the plastic, and I suspect that has more to do with the battery cover than anything else. On that note, the battery cover is one of the most annoying things about this phone. It will infrequently come off as I'm pulling the phone out of my pocket, and it took a little practice to learn how to put it back on correctly. It's not a huge deal and it would probably be remedied by putting a case on the phone, but I don't like the extra bulk that would add and I shouldn't have to do that anyway. The good news is that this problem doesn't seem to have gotten any worse over the few months I've had the phone.The screen itself is not great. I appreciate the larger size and resolution, but those are the only two advantages this phone has over the Optimus V. Contrast is somewhat poor compared to nicer (AMOLED) screens, and my particular phone has a not-insignificant amount of backlight bleed at the bottom, although it's only noticeable when it's displaying mostly black. Touchscreen responsiveness is okay after the phone has woken up, but sometimes it is unresponsive and there is the occasional weird bug (unlocking the screen using a gesture will sometimes only pick up certain "dots"). I can't tell if this is due to the ROM I'm using or the factory screen protector. Speaking of screen protectors, it is not needed on this phone, as it already has a screen protector installed. I haven't removed mine and I have no interest in doing so, but if you want to use your own screen protector, I highly recommend that you *carefully* remove the one that is factory set on the phone.As for the speed and general usability, I've found that it is MUCH quicker than the Optimus V. The Triumph has a 1ghz Snapdragon processor as opposed to the V's 600mhz Qualcomm processor. The difference is clear, and I will never go back to using a slower phone. The CPU and the larger screen real estate are easily the two best features of the Triumph. The few Android games I play (Cut the Rope and some Angry Birds) are smooth and responsive. Emulators (up to the SNES) work quite well, assuming there's no special hardware emulation involved. Star Fox, for example, is somewhat choppy but is about as playable as you're going to get on a touch screen. RPGs and platformers are smooth as butter.The battery life is clearly not going to be as good at the Optimus V, as the Triumph has a more powerful processor, larger and more power-hungry screen, and a smaller battery. With that said, I can get the phone to last for over 24 hours using Juice Defender and no task killers. This figure includes frequent texting, infrequent 3G data usage, and at least 30-45 minutes of phone calls a day. I do not have any personal experience with how this compares to the stock ROM, but I've seen anecdotal reports from others that battery life is significantly increased using CM7. To me, the decreased battery life as compared to the Optimus V is worth the advantages the Triumph offers.The camera is pretty decent, enough so that I haven't used my actual digital camera in months. It has an LED flash, but I really don't take many low-light pictures and the few that I have were perfectly visible, but washed out. This thing will light a room up, though, so I guess it does its job. Focus isn't super fast, but it's a camera phone and I'm not expecting the world of it. I haven't taken any videos but the ones I've seen on Youtube using the Triumph were average to above-average. The resolution and sound were pretty good but there's a kind of choppiness to the videos, like the phone couldn't absorb enough information during the recording process. Maybe this would be remedied by a faster SD card, but I don't have any personal experience on the subject with this phone.Nitpicking time... the Wifi and GPS radios on my phone are *terrible*. Wifi usually takes at least 15-20 seconds to turn on, and while I have not done any measurements or tests, it seems to drain the battery faster than using 3G. I'd imagine this is due to the time and power wasting activating the Wifi radio and then struggling to make a connection. For this reason, I almost exclusively use 3G (which works great in my area) unless I'm watching Netflix or updating a lot of programs at once. Once Wifi is connected it works well enough. The few times I've tried using the GPS, it never got a lock and I consider the feature worthless on my particular phone. This seems to be a "luck of the draw" kind of thing, although it may also be partially due to the ROM I'm using.The buttons have slowly but surely begun to feel rather chintzy. They weren't amazing to begin with, but now they just feel cheap. They still work fine, but it makes me uneasy as to the long-term life of their functionality. Again, nitpicking, but I feel it was worthy of mention.Last but certainly not least: call quality. 95% of the time I can hear others well and they can hear me. There are one or two people I talk to that have to repeat themselves every so often, although I suspect this is either their phone or the way they're holding it, so I can't conclusively blame this on the Triumph. On the receiving end, others have no problems hearing me. On occasion, maybe once every two weeks or so, my call will drop completely and the Triumph will completely shut down without warning, but this seems to happen more with one particular person than anyone else. I dismiss this as using a nonstandard ROM, and it's infrequent enough that it's a minor annoyance, although I would certainly be happy without it.In conclusion, if you'd like to upgrade from a slower phone on Virgin Mobile's network and you can get a good deal on the Triumph, I'd say go for it. I would certainly not pay $300, but I feel like $150-200 is a good middle ground. I've been mostly happy with the phone and will continue to use it until it breaks or something much, much better comes out. If you're on a post-paid network looking to switch over to prepaid, I would take a serious look at the LG Marquee on Boost Mobile's network. The screen is nicer and the phone specs and price are very similar, if not identical.This is my first review on Amazon (and a cellular phone, for that matter), and I hope my stream-of-thought review was thorough enough and not too disjointed. If anyone has any questions I'll do my best to answer them.*** UPDATE 12-15-12 *** - I'm looking at getting another phone soon, so I took the screen protector off, and WOW does it make a difference... After the initial touch, the screen is now *very* responsive. It's only been off for a day or two, so I don't know if it's going to be way more prone to scratches, but right now it feels like a new phone.I will also say that, after having bought two different phones (the LG Venice and HTC Evo V 4g) with the intention of switching, neither has come close to the battery life I'm getting with Triumph and the ROM I'm using (Whyzor's CM7, if I remember correctly), and each have their downsides. I'm probably just going to go straight to the Samsung Galaxy S2 and an extended battery pack.

I tried to avoid negative reviews about this phone, because some phone I've had, others hated, but mine worked fine. This time, after owning it for a while, I can honestly say I unfortunately agree with a lot of the negative reviews now. The phone just isn't nearly as good as advertised...My husband bought two of these phone, one for me, from amazon, and one for himself, from best buy. I should have known something was coming, when he said he had to go through six phones, and two stores before he was able to actually buy and use his phone.Yes, he found at least five defective phones while trying to buy one from best buy. He was given three phones that wouldn't work for the sales rep, who was apparently insistent that the phone was the greatest. So he went to another store, and after two more wouldn't work, he said he was ready to give up and just go without a phone, forever.But a different rep found one that worked, and began the set up with him. And I've had the same issues as he did with mine:My google account password was reset somehow when we first tried to sync it with the phones, forcing us to request a new password so we could access our own accounts!Then the phones would reset during set up, forcing us to start over, no less than four times each!For the first day, the buttons on the bottom, wouldn't work. At. All. None would respond to any touch, or even when my husband got mad and slapped the phone.Even to this day, you never know if the buttons are going to work, especially the Back button. We've just gotten used to hardly, if ever using it.The battery runs out fast, no matter what. I did a factory reset, and didn't sync up my account, didn't install any apps, and just let it sit, at around 60%, and within an hour, it was almost to 30%. Of course, using the phone, as it was intended, just makes the battery run out faster.Call quality seems to depend on who you're talking to, and what they're using. For example, my grandmother on a land line, can hear me, with a bit of an echo, she says. My mother on verizon, with the old droid 1, says I'm constantly dropping out in sound, and there is often static. My husband, with the same phone, through the same provider, can barely understand me, says I sound like a guy when I call, and often gets our calls dropped.I'd tell you about the camera, but I've never been able to use it. Ever since I first tried, it got stuck in between front and rear cameras. I went to take a pic, and bumped change to front when I was looking at settings, and I've been stuck with a black screen ever since. No amount of soft, or hard resets has helped. Turning off, or removing battery didn't help, factory reset didn't help. So no camera on my phone.Even with wifi, the browser is terrible. So I tried another, same thing... This phone just doesn't want anyone using the net. Even most of the apps that require a connection are constantly telling me there is no signal to be found. My kindle works fine with the wifi in our house, but the phone seems to think there is none.Then there's the overall responsiveness of the phone. One word: BAD!Too often, do I press an app, and nothing happens. Too often, I press the button to 'wake it' and nothing happens. Too often, I try to just use the phone, as a phone, and it refuses to work.I had high hopes for this phone, and even though it was free for me, I think it was too much...

Alright, I've had my phone for about two weeks now and I love it. Calls are nice and clear, and there's loads of apps to be downloaded. The Triumph has been great thus far. It's fast and responsive, most of the time. I rarely have an issue of pressing the settings key and it not responding at times. Outside of that, I have had no issues. My service has been great, and I've had no technical issues with my phone. I will update in like a month or so to update on how it's holding up.

dont waste your cash the phone stopped working after a year it just wouldnt charge one day i never did a thing to make it not work i was going to donate it before it broke anyways because the service with virgin is no good however they give free service sometimes and they will give you discounts on the bill not a good product dont buy it and people who are trying to sell used ones at a high price forget it thats not right to scam people like that

phone is pretty powerful for a carrier such as Virgin Mobile.My screen got a little dent (not too noticeable), so i would say the quality of the screen isn't up to par as the other android phones I have used.I don't put the screen protector for my phones because they were built to withstand scratches.This phone, not so much. But if you be careful, this phone would last you for a long time.The only real complaint i have is that the memory seem to get low pretty quickly even when I don't install much.

Wanted to get this phone since it came out. Finally got it. Works great except that, one of the functions I was hopping to use the most, is not available. YOU CANNOT DO VIDEO ON SKYPE. The phone is an Android 2.2 and you need an Android 2.3 or higher in order to use the FRONT CAMERA (I was told this by customer support, after I contacted them to figure out what was going on). Another problem is that Motorola is not offering an upgrade nor has mentioned any intentions of doing so.Other functions work well. I mainly use the phone for calls and text. Have not had any problems with reception or dropped calls. Shot a video and then played it on my 73" TV and it looked FLAT, not as a 720p video should look like. Battery life is also very short. Need to charge a lot more often.

i asked the buyer to send me the pin code to an already activated motorola triumph. I can not change the plan or keep my old number unless this happens. they never replied so i wanted to return it, they still didnt answer. so now im stuck with a pinless phone. all i can do with this phone is throw money into an unknown plan with a different number, GREAAT!this sellers customer service sucks. dont buy from them. i warned them i would have to leave them a bad review if they didnt answer. i still want my money back.

This phone is simply outdated by today's standard (2013).  It uses Android 2.2 which has numerous problems.  Many apps don't work on 2.2 anymore.  The biggest issue is that the phone still drains power like crazy when in standby mode.  The battery doesn't last a day even with minimal usage.  Second biggest issue is that 3G on Virgin Mobile is very congested.  Internet traffic doesn't go through even though I had strong signal.  At night, after people to to sleep, then I can use Internet.  If you like Virgin Mobile, buy a phone that supports 4G or 4G LTE instead.

I have had the Optimus V, purchased from Amazon for about a week, and didn't have any issues at all with the phone.  During the decision process to buy that phone, read all the 1 star, and 5 star reviews for this phone, but decided on the OV due to the cheaper price.  As fate would have it on Cyber Monday Virgin had the Moto Triumph on sale for $120.00 with a coupon code, which I could not resist.  Am using both now and have only ONE issue with the Moto T, the GPS.  When comparing directly (from cold start) to the Optimus V, the Optimus is literally GPS ready within 10 seconds of finishing booting, whereas the Moto seems to take quite a bit longer.  There DOES seem to be a trick to getting it to acquire (lock) quickly, which I am still working on.  When using only GPS Test (app) it seems to take longer, as opposed to just choosing "navigate" (phone function) and letting it acquire.  It is def. nowhere as fast as the Optimus, so if GPS is a major concern the Optimus wins.  I did notice on the Optimus that due to the smaller screen some icons had jagged edges, using web pages were more laborious (zooming), but on the Triumph everything is bigger, no icons with jagged edges, less scrolling.  The processor is very snappy, games, movies, menu navigation, etc.  Right now I am using Go Launcher EX, with Classic Blue 1.0 theme, along with the BatStat app, and the Sense Analog (dark) clock and it looks razor sharp.  Either the Optimus or the Triumph will have to go back, and I'm leaning towards keeping the Moto Triumph even with the minor GPS lock issues.  The phone has had NO other issues I read about on some of the earlier ones including any screen flickering, touch screen innacuracies, restarts, etc.  Just the GPS issue.  Please note both phones are on WiFi only, so no 3G signal comparisons could be done.  Because I have GPS units in my vehicles, having to wait a bit longer to get the GPS to lock on the Motorola was not a big deal breaker.  Also please note, the slow GPS lock was from a cold boot, and/or GPS disabled/enable, and once it locked it stayed locked with no issues.  Realizing I paid less than half price during Cyber Monday at Virgin, with the full price being what it is, the buyer will have to decide if a slower GPS lock is worth it or not.  Overall, with the theme and apps I have on it now, very good.

I've read a lot of reviews saying that this phone sucks & what not, but I have to disagree. I've owned this phone now for about a month & I must say, it's one of the best phones I've had so far! It has it's moments, but so does the iphone! Honestly, I'd pick an android over the iphone any day. I feel too limited when I use iphones. Sometimes, the motorola triumph does lag a bit, & occasionally freeze, but it doesn't really bother me. The design is flawless & I love how sleek & skinny it is. Now, here's a few things that DO bother me. First, I was so excited when I heard it comes with a front facing camera; until I saw how crappy the quality was. The main camera is 5mp, not bad. But the front is only 2mp & I have to say I was very disappointed with that. I also hoped the front facing camera would AT LEAST have LED flash capability, but sigh. Another let down. Another thing that bothered me was the sound quality. Music is my life. So when I uploaded a few songs onto the device, I was so excited; but once again let down by the horrible muffle sounding quality. I mean, with a phone this high up, you'd expect a decent clear sound. But that's pretty much it for the negatives. I primarily use the phone for texting, internet & the camera. Overall, this phone is pretty good, but I'm strongly hoping that motorola fixes these flaws, or comes out with something better soon.

I had previously owned this phone for like 2 months wen my lcd screen craked from the inside. I was pissed kuz i didnt know how it got there.. anyways. i decided to get the same phone again i bought it used( cheaper that way..wel for me) soon as it came in th mail i activated the fone but of course evry used fone comes with custome designs on the wall paper or saved contacts or undeleted txt messages. so i did the system restored itid. after i activated the phone. soon after like a month in it started acting wierd. it froze on me nd it kept restarting. nd it still does it till this day. if im surfing the web or playing a game or any lil thing it glitches nd freezes nd soon after it restarts it self. and on some occations it says activate phone. nd im like wtf y is it saying that... idk if this has happend to any of u that bought this phone used?. but in all the phone is ok. i just dont like the prob i have with it.

Very hard to hear. Drops calls constantly. Sometimes you can't even slide to answer your calls coming in. Can't pull your apps up most of the time.

First of all the battery life is awful, the battery will last on a single charge just about 6 to 8 hours in idle and with the fewest settings on; Lowest brightness, WiFi and no tones but incoming email, messages or calls. I used to have an iPod Touch 4G thus I feel that the Triumph screen resolution and response is very crappy compared to the Touch. It is a good replacement for the Touch if you don't want to sign contracts and want to have Internet always while on the go, just remember to have always a charger with you.

My son is using this phone and loves it. For me with arthritis, it was a little too big, but for the young ones who like to watch youtube videos and all that business it is very affordable coupled with the Virgin mobile plan which with tax comes to about $37/mo and includes unlimited text,data and 300 minutes. I thought the volume was a little low compared to my Tmobile Exhibit ii (which I love).

A nice phone but as Motorola is a Google owned company, this phone comes full of crappy apps that you will not want, cannot uninstall and will keep running despite you not ever activating or using them.Had mine nearly a year now and it is so glitchy it is ridiculous.  The processor cannot keep up with web browsing at times and the phone goes into meltdown and shuts down.  Sometimes it even does this in the middle of the night and I get woken by '... VIRGIN MOBILE....'.  Yes, I could turn it off but it is my alarm clock and why the heck should I anyway?  The phone should work.Will never buy a Motorola again.Apart from that, the phone does it's job and is easy to use.  Space for apps is limited in-phone but you can move them to the SD card so that helps.  If they gave you the option to uninstall the unwanted apps then it would be a phone I could recommend.

I really am disappointed with this phone. After about 55 days the phone does nothing. There should be a warranty on it from the company that I bought it from but I see nothing!!!!! This phone was well taken care of. It is very light and seems to be made out of cheap material. Purchasing off of Amazon keeps you from coming in contact with the seller. I do not like it. I have had better dealings with ebay...... I do not think that I will be purchasing a phone (especially one that costs this much) off of Amazon.com again :(

This is my second Motorola Triumph. I have had one for awhile now, this one was for my wife. The phone is great but I would recommend ordering 1600mAh battery for it. The stock battery will only work 1/2 a day. If you Wifi or play games it won't last very long. The 1600mAh will last all day. Just search Amazon for "Motorola Triumph 1600mAh battery" or click on the link for the one I bought below. I paid $6.00 for it. You will have a lot of fun with this phone. I also ordered a 5 pack of cases, the fit really nice. The link is below for them as well.[Aftermarket Product] 1600mAh 1600 mAh Battery Standard Backup Spare Extra Power Replace Replacement For Motorola Triumph WX435 Huawei Ideos X6Motorola Triumph WX435 - FIVE (5) Hard Plastic Case Cover Combo (Black, Blue, Red, Hot Pink, White) [AccessoryOne Brand]

I give the Motorola Triumph a star for the one week it worked.  Then the saga begins.The phone would not turn on, no matter if plugged in or how long I charged.  Since the phone wasonly a month or so old, it was clearly under warranty.  No problem, I thought,  I'll send it in to Motorola's repairfacility.  About 10 days pass, and I receive my "repaired" phone back.  With the eagerness of a child on Christmas morning, I open the package.Problem is, the phone still won't turn on.  That's a problem for an electronic device.Back I send the phone to Motorola's repair center.  Another 10 days pass (their guarantee is the phonewill be "fixed" and returned within 5 business days after receipt.  They do hold to the delivery part.  If only....), and the phone returns.With less than child-like glee, more like lingering dread, I open this second package, with my less-than-beloved Motorola Triumph inside.Need I tell you .... the phone would not turn on.  Like a kid on Christmas without batteries for the shiny new toy, I was not happy.So, I resorted to the phone-line customer service.  After I explained my dismay at having a dead phone after two tries at repair, I was switchedto Johnny in the "Repair Escalation" department.  He was apologetic, sympathetic, and said "yes, we will replace your phone.  However, we do nothave any of your model in stock."  When I asked if we were talking days or weeks until new phones of my model would arrive, Johnny said,  "We just don't know."He called a week later to check in (nice fellow) and told me still no phones.  A couple of weeks go by and I notice on the Virgin Mobile website, that they areselling the Motorola Triumph once again (they were out at the time of my first chat with Johnny, lending some credibility to the assertion Motorola had none either).I called Motorola's customer service, was directed to the "Repair Escalation"  department, and explained my observation that since Virgin Mobile now had theMotorola Triumph again, it seemed logical Motorola would have a few now also.  Ah yes,  I was told, the status had just changed.  My address was verified and my replacementwould be sent out.  .... A week goes by...I call to check on the shipping status of my new phone .... only to be told "No, that was a mistake ...We have no Motorola Triumph's availableto send you."  I politely expressed my frustration with this situation, calling it simply unacceptable.  Carol, of the "Repair Escalation" department was very, very apologetic saying shewould check with such and such department and call me by the end of the day.  That was yesterday morning.  It is now noon.  No call.  No working Motorola Triumph for over two months.To say I am disappointed in Motorola is an understatement.  I had one of their flipphones.  It still works like a champ.  I thought Motorola meant quality, and when defects occur as they always will in production, the problems are taken care of efficiently and professionally with as little disruption to the customer as possible.  My customer service experience with Motorola would be a tale to amuse IF not for the fact I paid for a working smart phone and have $299 sunk in my currently lifeless Motorola Triumph.  Buyer Beware!

I'll give the product a star, it really is a rather nice phone.  BUT, it's also connected to Virgin Mobile, and I have NEVER, EVER had such incredibly poor customer service from any vendor, for any item, in my life.  I would never recommend Virgin Mobile to anyone.  In fact, to anyone asking me, I would suggest they go with any other carrier but Virgin.  They are fine if you never have a question or problem, but if you do, the customer service is painstaking and deplorable.  Nothing can be done in a timely manner, if it can be done at all.  I tried to import my number from a previous carrier, and in a few short minutes instead of having the number all my contacts know on the new phone, I was left with a phone having a number nobody knew, including me!  To make it worse, it would take at least a day, and quite possibly three just to return it to the number it had.  Then it would take another one to three days to try and change the number to the one I was trying to import.  This is number portability?  This is the age of digital control and service?  Oh, and there was also some clause where it was going to cost me an extra months fee to accomplish this.  I feel ripped off and cheated, and highly disappointed.

Great phone durable and the price for the data plan by far the best I ever had too bad I made the bad choice to switch to att I could have saved thousands of dollars

A great phone. The battery life is GREAT when you do the following steps.TO PRESERVE BATTERY LIFETouch the menu button.Scroll down and click on settings.Scroll down to Accounts and sync settings.If there is a green check next to "Background data" click it. After you click it, the check should look gray.With background data on, the phone will automatically receive data (such as weather, news, etc.) and update applications which DRAINS the battery SIGNIFICANTLY. If you use the phone with background data on, you will need to charge within 10 hours (even less if you are a HEAVY user.) I also decreased the brightness on the screen which helped.TO ADD MUSICUse the USB cord add music. Taking out the SD card and using the microSD adapter caused my computer to crash multiple times. So plug in the phone and those errors will cease to exist.This phone is amazing. It's all I've ever wanted. I changed networks from an EXPENSIVE blackberry plan with unlimited texting on AT&T; to a $35 plan for Virgin Mobile. I thought I would have a big problem changing from a trackpad to touchscreen but I didn't. It has a huge screen and with great resolution. Keyboard takes a little getting used to, but it's not a problem.ACTIVATIONStraight forward. It's free because you DIY. I had a hard time, but I realized my trivial mistake. The help line is easy to use. You can keep your old number also.EDIT 5/17/2013I've had my phone for a couple months now and I've noticed some other things about the phone & service-The gallery (photos) can take a long time to load-Indoors, your reception will be HORRID-The green light (for notification) will blink for no reason-The keyboard for texting can be a pain-Use the included charger because if you use something different like the power pad, it won't fully charge.-Has weird glitches , especially during a phone call-Battery sucks , its on %50 after a day of only texting. Add a phone call & the battery is done with .This phone would be good for people who need an upgrade from an older phone , other than that I suggest you choose something different .P.S. DON'T PURCHASE ANY 4G WiMax PHONES . THERE IS PRACTICALLY NO COVERAGE & WON'T BE EXPANDING THEIR NETWORK. GO FOR THE THE NEW 4GLTE PHONES .

I tried two of these phones for a short period of time before I downgraded to a LG Optimus V. Aside from a kind of poor overall feel, both of the triumphs had a problem with dust getting BENEATH the touchscreen (between the touchscreen and the screen itself) - VERY ANNOYING!This review is probably irrelevant now as Amazon is no longer selling this phone... but as I write this the phone is still available on Virgin Mobile for $279 - lol. The HTC One V is a MUCH better phone.

Once you finally get someone on the line you're lucky if they speak intelligible English. I had 2 seperate reps hang up on me. They act like they are going to help replace my phone (which is garbage and which they plan on replacing with a refurbished phone which is unacceptable) and at the very end of the conversation they hang up. I've recorded them doing this twice. I think it's standard practice and they should be sued for allowing it to happen. Regarding the phone. I bought 4 of these for myself and family members. 2 of them after 1 day of WiFi usage have proven to be defective just turning on and off over and over again, hence the calls to customer support. Believe the negative reviews you read on other sites. If you get a defective phone you're screwed. I should have not taken another chance on Virgin Mobile after my Rumor Touch proved to be a piece of junk also. I can't say for sure whether it's the phone or the network but it's notorious for unsent and unreceived text messages due to a network failure or other reasons. Why can't we get a reasonably priced no contract cell phone company in the U.S.?

This is the worst phone you will find anywhere.  I thought it was just us getting used to a new phone and the Android platform.  I thought it was because I needed to try different headsets.  I thought a lot of things, when what I should have thought was "Oh my God, this phone is horrible."  I figured it out too late to return it.  I spent almost two months trying to use by ordering headsets, apps, and learning new ways to sync and backup my music and data.  Don't make my mistake.Cons:1.  Bluetooth will not stay connected.  If you use bluetooth, you will be grossly disappointed.  This is a known issue, thousands of complaints.2. Phone often reboots and sometimes just shuts down without you knowing about it.  Known issue, thousands of complaints.3.  No program to sync it with.  Motorola didn't revise their syncing program so this phone could use it.  You must use your ingenuity and several different programs to load and maintain your data and music.  If you aren't comfortable storing all of your information online in your Google Mail account, you are out of luck.4.  Battery cover doesn't "snap" in place, it just slides up over the battery.  If falls off when you pull the phone out of your pocket, and the battery falls out.5.  Phone and battery get very hot when searching for a signal6.  GPS, Navigator, and compass do not work.  This is a known issue, thousands of complaints.7. Battery runs down quickly.  Motorola put a battery in this phone that is undersized compared to most other phones.  There is no replacement battery with more juice.  Thousands of complaints.8. Touch screen freezes for no reason at times and battery must be removed to reset the phone....so if you bought a cover to keep the phone protected and to keep the battery cover on it, you are always taking it off to remove the battery and reset the phone.9.  3G is much slower than the 3G was on my AT&T; phone.  Yet, Sprint is supposed to have a better 3G system.  Maybe for Virgin Mobile they make it as slow as dialup.10.  No note-pad app came with it right out of the box, you must download one.11.  No % key on the calculator, you must download a different app to have one12.  Motorola doesn't list accessories that are compatible with it on their website, you must "buy, try and return"13.  Motorola has not responded to the complaints about this phone by correcting the software or hardware issues.  It has been silent, and so has Virgin Mobile.The only pros:1.  It looks good2.  It has a large screen3.  It will keep your hand warm this winter when you hold it.  But I'll bet you can buy a very nice pair of gloves for a lot less to keep both hands warm.4.  You won't get fat from all the money you save or lose your voice from all the talking you can do on it.  You will end up having to save all that extra money to buy a phone that actually works.I should have titled this review:  "The Triumph is the last Motorola Phone you will ever buy."  Because once you've tried to use the Motorola Triumph for a couple of months, you will never buy another Motorola product as long as you live.

Moto Triumph is a great handset for the prepaid market. Other than the abismal battery life i have no complaints.

I received this phone as a back to college gift, and I cannot be happier.The ease of use for the android operating system is simply fantastic, and much less oppressive than Apple. I was a mostly satisfied I-phone customer, although the thing that was getting to me the most was the bill. $100 bucks a month and for what? I had wanted to switch to a cheaper carrier but I couldn't find the right combination of carrier and phone until Virgin got the Triumph and I knew I had to switch. Now the price tag of the handset may be a hard pill to swallow, but it's really a great phone. Gorgeous screen, lights up like Las Vegas. Very touch sensitive. The cameras are junk, but nice. Getting a screen protector and a case because I'm clumsy and accidents do happen. Nothing can beat virgin mobile's plans.Also, the seller was fantastic, the phone got here in 2 days instead of a week!

Out of box, this phone was mediocre to bad. Sound quality was iffy at best, and the GPS was unusable. The UI was pretty standard Android, without too much pre-installed bloatware; in other words, good, but nothing to really write home about.After I rooted it and installed the MIUI interface, then another hack to fix the GPS, this phone is pretty easily the best of the no contract phones available.As far as form factor, I love the size of the screen and the rubberized coating eliminates the need for a cover. Gorilla Glass pretty much eliminates the need for a screen protector. The speakers are very good, but I have yet to use the speakerphone function much. I largely use the bluetooth mic, but after the replacement OS, sound quality when just using the handset is more than satisfactory. If I could change anything, I might round the edges a bit to make it fit more comfortably in a pocket.The only real caveat that I've noticed is that when using wifi and bluetooth at the same time, they apparently have a conflict.All in all, if you're comfortable with rooting your phone and installing a third party OS, I'd highly recommend this phone. Bear in mind that this does void your warranty, and is probably  a bit frightening for the novice. It's not terribly difficult, and you can find multiple instructional videos on Youtube on it.

The second day I had this phone I got a notification from Virgin Mobile that as of 3/23/12 that they were changing the unlimited data plan to a 3GB limit; after that they slow the speed to 256K.  Notably, they haven't bothered to mention that or update their website! Well, it seems I'm not getting 3G most of the time anyways, so the good news is that I'm pretty sure that unless I'm trying to download 24/7, I won't make the 3GB!!I like the phone, though the Gmail app has major problems with setting up accounts.  Had to change the password multiple times until I had one that the phone decided was legit.  Once I had the account established, it was no problem to change the password again, but a major hassle to get it working.  Now trying to add a second Gmail account, I'm having the exact same problem again.Phone sometime freezes or becomes nonresponsive; onscreen keyboard and buttons sometimes don't work as they should, or don't respond at all. I do like the phone, I just wished it worked better.

I use my cell phone for work a lot, and so I need a phone that is compatible with doing a lot of fast typing. I am an old school typist----I am used to not looking at what I type.  The new trend in the marketplace to shy away from physical QWERTY keyboards has been a big problem for me.  For other people ---- those who do not know how to type or spell, I do understand that swype is nirvana.  For you people, this phone (assuming it doesn't break as soon as you buy it) just might be a dream come true.I purchased this phone approximately one month ago after using an I-Phone 3G for the past two years.  Although I enjoyed my iphone, I found the iphone keyboard annoying.  I never really got used to it, even though my friends who convinced me to buy the iphone told me I would. So, although what I really wanted to buy was a phone with a slide-out keyboard, I was instead convinced by all the rave reviews to give this phone a try in hopes that the swype keyboard would somehow be an improvement.  The short answer:  NOT!!!!!I absolutely hated the keyboard on this phone!  I tried different settings.  I turned swype on.  I turned swype off.  No matter what I tried, this phone was even worse at sensing my typing than even the i-phone. So if this something that matters to you, you've been warned.  I wish I had!Additionally, the screen broke within an hour of me turning the phone on for the first time.  A vertical white line of pixels running down the center of the screen appeared.  No, I didn't abuse it.  I hadn't had a chance to yet!On the plus side:  I was impressed with the camera and video (compared to my i-phone).  The voice actions for android was really cool, I must admit.  It was easier to use that than trying to swype!  And the screen is huge and beautiful (again, compared to my iphone).  Watching youtube was great!  If only it had a slide out keyboard, and the screen hadn't broken.  On to the next phone!  I know there has to be something out there with my name on it.  Good luck!

If I could give this a "negative star rating", I would! This phone is a piece of JUNK! I first purchased this phone in March 2012. After two days, the phone would not charge. The seller was great about it and sent me a new phone. Now here I sit - 3-1/2 months later, and the phone has died! The battery exhausted last night, and when I tried to plug it in to charge it this morning, it did nothing. So I tried using the car charger. Still nothing. Then I plugged it in to my computer via the USB cable. A message popped up that said there was a malfunction with the device I connected via USB - to unplug it, trouble shoot it and try again. I took the battery out to try to reset everything. Still nothing. I contacted Virgin Mobile's phone warranty company (which is a big scam also) as I had purchased the phone insurance. I was told this is a manufacturing defect and it is not covered. I contacted Amazon, and because it has been more than 30 days since my purchase, they cannot help. I contacted Motorola. They will only repair or replace the phone - I can't get back any of the money I paid. So I am going to send it in for repairs in hopes that - at minimum - I can get my contacts off the phone. I will then turn around and sell it to someone on Ebay who might have better luck with it than I have! I WISH SOMEONE WOULD HAVE POSTED THIS EARLIER... DO *NOT* BUY THIS PHONE! If you are spending this kind of money, get a phone that will actually WORK!

Worst purchase I've made in a long time.  When the phone works, it's great.  But it dies!  The first one dies in less than 30 days.  Radio Shack gave me a new one.  I've had 2 more die.  The phone just quits and I have to send it in to Motorola.  They then send me a new phone.  Which means I have no phone for about a week.  I hate this phone.  I've been a Virgin Mobile customer for years.  But I'm about to ditch this phone and Virgin because this latest phone is now NOT working.  I would not recommend Virgin Mobile at all.  I used to think they were great.  Now every month they stop my service.  They are supposed to charge the credit card I have on my account for my monthly fee.  Every month I try to get them to fix this problem.  It doesn't get fixed.  For other problems I have emailed them and I do get that automatic reply.  It says they will get back to me.  They don't.  This phone service went from really good to terrible. They are owned by Sprint.

I was looking for a phone on a prepaid plan. The reviews made me hesitant but after using the phone for the last 3 months, I can say that it has worked great. The battery life seemed bad when I compared it to my previous non-smart phones, but when I asked around to friends and families with iphones and other android phones etc, the battery life is pretty typical. If I use the phone a lot during the day (streaming a few hours of radio, browsing the web, downloading apps etc.) then I need to charge it each night. With light use (an hour of streaming radio, less than half an hour online) the phone will need to be charged every 2 to three days. I do have a couple of apps like Juice Defender that help preserve battery life. Overall though the phone allows a ton of customization for people who like to geek out on their phones. The screen is a good size and it's got decent speed for games etc. Overall I've been really happy with the phone and the $35 dollar a month plan has been perfect as I make most of my calls at home over wifi (after paying for an app called grooveIP) so the 300 minutes hasn't been a problem. I would highly recommend this phone for people in the market for a solid android phone on a prepaid plan. The voice quality has been far superior to my previous phones, though this may have to do with running a MIUI rom that I downloaded and replaced the stock Froyo one. Not sure since I didn't really spend any time with the stock ROM.

This phone is pretty good, I know it has has its moments of not responding or acting weird, but for the price you cant beat it!

As with so many others, I had and was content with the LG Optimus V. But a positive CNET review (what a sucker!), and 4+ inch screen was all it took to set up this honey trap.PROS: Appreciation of the LG Optimus.CONS: Before I purchased this POS, other reviewers had already mentioned the following, all of it true:a) no GPS;b) inferior cell connection;c) horrible battery life;d) slower connection to internet than LG (if you can connect at all);e) even more "butt calls" than the LG Optimus. I don't know if this isan Android related matter, but this POS will randomly dial up persons in myphone log with greater frequency than my Optimus (the one complaint I hadabout that phone;)f) an erratic touch screen.But what I had not expected was that this POS, of any phone I have ever owned (going back to the mid-90's) provided the WORST call quality of any phone. To speak with anyone, I have to plug in a headphone set with a built in mic. Otherwise, on both ends, everything must be repeated at least twice.I could not have imagined a phone worse than the Samsung Intercept. My bad - what a limited imagination...ABSOLUTELY, TRULY AWFUL! Reactivating my LG Optimus tomorrow...--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I am very pleased with my purchase; it is the newer model (39- people were saying that 38 and below had more issues, but I'm not sure about that) and has barely any issues. I switched from the Samsung Intercept and will never be going back. Thanks, Virgin Mobile, for getting such a great phone on such a cheap prepaid plan ($25.00). Oh, and thank you, Amazon, for selling it at a discounted price!

This phone does everything well, but phone calls. I bought 2 one for My Mother and one for me. If we call each other, you can not understand a word. If you call a Land line or some one with a good phone you can understand them, but they can not understand you.  I called Tec. They will send me a new one. Will see if that does any better. I would tell anyone to buy this phone. Stay Away.

This is a great phone if only it had reception.  I've had VM service for years and have never had a problem receiving a signal.  I get two out of four bars if I'm lucky which is plenty of signal for the phone to function well, but I rarely get two bars.  If I'm at work, which is right in the middle of a major metropolitan area, I often lose the signal all together.  The guy who sits next to me at work has sprint (same network as VM) and he has no problem ever getting reception.  I know this because he streams Pandora every day, all day.  Like the other reviews said, this phone just doesn't have adequate reception.  When it does work, it's a great phone. It's super fast and the big screen makes it easy to use.  I suggest if you want to try this phone, buy it from a store with a 30 day return policy so if you get bad reception you can take it back.  Mine's going back as soon as I get another phone.  I have to be able to rely on my phone and know it's getting the signal  when I'm in the network area.

The first one of these I ordered had a bad microphone, people said I sounded muffled.  I returned it for another one which Amazon sent me promptly.  The 2nd one has no mic problem and works great.This is my first Android phone and my first time using Virgin Mobile.  The phone is great and works as expected, the Virgin Mobile service is good.  The 3g coverage is good in my area but the speed on 3g is very SLOW.  I however have it on Wi-fi at home and work so it isn't a problem for me.You definitely cannot beat the monthly rate plans on Beyond Talk plans so for that reason alone I will not deduct any stars for the poor 3g speeds.

I was an early adopter of this phone model with Virgin Mobile.The screen was bright and large for a prepaid carrier's phone and it had just about all features that Android 2.2 could offer.The one I had was a total piece of garbage in my opinion.It worked great for about 3 or 4 months just long enough to exceed return time.Then it began to have problems the biggest of which was the darn thing would not charge.So I sent it back to Motorola for warranty repairs and that is when the fun began.You know the phrase not worth the paper it is written on.That is how I feel about most warranties.I am not sure if Motorola treats all its customers the way I was treated but buddy I was shocked how bad it was.So they received the phone and held onto it for about 2 months.I called and asked why it had not been returned and they said they were waiting on parts.So rather than make a happy customer and just send a replacement phone.I guess they decided they wanted a p*ssed off former customer instead.All they had to do was send me a working phone that I had paid for and provide a little customer service and I would have walked away happy.I felt like the reps at the Motorola support lacked any customer service training or experience at all.When the phone was finally returned it was replaced by a refurb phone.This phone did not have the charging issue but had other issues of its own.I will personally never knowingly buy another Motorola product as long as I live.So again if you think this is a bargain, I would say think again.Knowing what I know now I would never recommend this phone model or Motorola to anyone.Motorola's support for this product is lacking in my opinion and I cannot help think it reflects badly on Motorola as a whole.This phone looks great but it is totally lacking in substance and follow through.I have heard some say this was actually made in China.I don't know if this is true or not but it would certainly explain a lot.I put 1 star but it should probably be a half star cause it worked for 4 months before becoming useless.

I bought this phone to have a powerful device on the very cheap network of Virgin Mobile. The service is not that great, but that has nothing to do with the phone.The phone looks nice, and is huge. Unfortunately, Virgin mobile has installed their own custom OS on it, and Motorola has not upgraded it past Android 2.2 Froyo, which is far far behind the currently available OS, 4.1 Jelly Bean. I have my phone rooted with a custom operating system, so I am able to get some of these features, but not most of them.Because of this, I would not recommend this product, unless you are enough of a technical person to figure out the rooting. I would instead say to go with a phone from a different brand, like HTC or Samsung, since they actually update their devices.It may be a little more expensive today, but at least you won't be fed up with a phone that could be extremely fast being slowed down to a crawl.

i actually bought this product at best buy and not amazon.  i have had the unit replaced 5 times.  that is no exageration, i have had 6 triumphs because everyone that i have had has not worked or failed.  each time i have called i have had a hard time understanding the representative and have been transferred several times.  each time i was transferred i had to give all of my information and the reason why i was calling again.  i was put on hold every time for what felt like an hour but was probably closer to 30 minutes.  i would not normally write a review for a product that i bought somewhere else but please be warned of the headache the motorola triumph from virgin mobile will cause you.

Stopped working 3days afterwards .. crazy as hell im telling you guys do not purchase this phone im beyond pissed

The Motorola Triumph is a huge disappointment! Even at $220! it has an outdated OS and the GPS takes forever to lock on as well as a Bad bluetooth driver that cuts out after 10 minutes! the Phone has a memory issue where you will get low memory and you're going to have to reset your phone to factory settings. The rebooting every 2 hours was very annoying as well! the camera is blurry and the video is very disappointing to say the least. it's barely 720P despite what the box says! Stay away from this phone! the Evo v 4g is coming on the 31st of may and will have many times more features and is much more proven since it's been on Sprint this past year as the EVO 3D! it even has ICE CREAM Sandwich out of the box, the Triumph doesn't get an update to Gingerbread! You're throwing your money away with the Triumph! The difference between the Triumph and the Upcoming EVO V 4G is night and day! do yourself a favor and WAIT FOR THE EVO!

This is good value on virgin mobile top of the line phone, I am pretty pleased with what it offers and really happy with the services very low cost.

honestly this phone is pretty good. i could say the  internet is a little slow. i recommend not over load it with stuff because that is what causes it to turn off and on out of nowhere. overall i love this phone and i am satisfied

This phone provides a lot of function at a fraction of the cost of most contract phones with data plans. I think of it as a handheld computer that can also be used as a phone.

If you love big touch screen phone's you'll really like this one. The touch screen is very sensitive, and I enjoy the software but it's not the newest Android software (which is a bit of a downer) but I still love this phone.

Great phone, verry fast ( after "samsung Intercept") the only thing that really bothers me- is the speakers; the worst speakers I've seen for a phone, they are loud enough , just try to play a song with just a touch of bass and my ears would fall apart, speakers are too weak.Had it for few months + my girlfriend had 1 sold it  and bought galaxy s 2 instead , virgin had no service in multiple areas, never restarted, never froze. Dunno what are people installing in their phones and then cry that it's buggy - mine and girlfriend's we're fine.

I got this phone when I moved from my uncles cell plan to get my own because it looked like the best phone with the cheapest rate. It's horrible!!The phone freezes, ALL THE TIME.The internet will only work occasionally.The camera won't always allow me to take pictures.The battery is dead within like 2 hours -- and all I generally do is text.It'll randomly start ringing as if someone is calling, but the screen will be frozen black and wont let me look. Then when I check the call log - no one called.Apps constantly exit out of themselves.There are a lot more cons, I just can't think of them right now.SO, basically, NO ONE GET THIS PHONE!

IN MY OPINION THIS PHONE IS NOT COMPATIBLE FOR THE SPRINT NETWORK.I PURCHASED THIS PHONE BECAUSE IT'S SUPPOSE TO BETOP OF THE LINE FOR VIRGIN MOBILE. LITTLE DID I KNOWTHAT I WOULDN'T BE ABLE TO GET GOOD RECEPTION WITH THISPHONE.IM AT WORK AND CAN ONLY RECEIVE TEXT MESSAGES AND WHENI TALKING ON THIS PHONE AFTER WORK THE CONVERSATION IS DISTORDED AND THE OTHER PARTY ALWAYS SAY THEY CAN'T HERE ME AND MY VOLUME IS AT IT'S MAX.I'M LEFT WITH A PHONE THAT I CAN'T USE.

it's just what i wanted. i wanted a phone with a bigger screen. it looks just as i expected and has everything i wanted

Updated:I did get a refund. And I did resolve this problem was due to Virgin Mobile not the seller. I did cancel all my phones with Virgin because of their failure. The seller was not at fault. I thought this had been updated but discovered this still needed to be updated. As for the MOT phone, I do not know if it was good or great but now have Samsung Note 2 that I love.Old:Product is not registered within the Virgin Mobile USA MEID registry as a valid product serial number. It can take an act of god to get the phone activated. In order to activate the product, you must unpack and assemble the unit by installing the lithium battery then charging it. This voids the Amazon refund policy as the product is now used not new. But this would also mean it is defective. Product support and custormer service are not on the same page and the shipping vendor my be selling products they know will not activate. To get an RMA or a refund can take 4-8 weeks if at all. This is a do not buy from third parties. I am not sure I would recommend Virgin Mobile online store. It is still being escallated to  the "headquarters" in New Jersey. I am going to the Apple store tomorrow to find two new phones.Without activation this is just very glorified and very expensive mp3 player.

First I've been an Amazon reviewer reader and writer for many years! I use Amazon because I know the reviews are from real people like myself and I can tell from these reviews if a product is a problem. Now as a Virgin Mobile Samsung Intercept owner I wanted to upgrade and this large thin screen with a 1ghz processor seemed like a no brainer, so I read the reviews and what? There are many 5 star and many 1 star reviews....this confused me, but knowing that that is most always a 30 day money-back guarantee with the Virgin mobile phones I took my Amazon discounted Motorola Triumph page to my local Bestbuy electronics store and they matched the price! So if I may I would like to go into a quick past with my old Virgin mobile Samsung intercept for a second....I purchased the Samsung Intercept and had all sorts of problems, I upgraded the system operating system and with the correct apps made the Samsung a very stable smart phone but slow. I was pleased, but after a year and seeing that Virgin Mobile has a new DROID X phone called the Motorola Triumph I had to go for it. The Motorola phone size is thin, sturdy, beautiful screen and fast, in fact compared to the Samsung, super fast. The memory to run programs is about 1gb. This is just for programs!!! Everything works perfectly, Blue-tooth on my car, wifi, mp3 player,(I'm using power amp app which is fantastic)for videos I added the MX player app which is a must to play HD videos, speaking of HD videos/pictures the camera has a flash and takes perfect pictures and the camcorder can take 1280x 720 videos!  2x free app is a must for saving the battery draw. The 3G speed is about 3 times the Samsung Intercept, the screen is larger than an Iphone and super thin and the detail on the screen is just like my friends HTC fancy large android phone. I checked and my phone software ends in .39  Maybe if you check the one stars on this phone you will their software ends in .38  I don't know the difference and I don't care. I love this phone and I can tell you the reason people are complaining about the battery life is because this phone is so fast, so bright, so detailed and holds so many apps its hard to put it down and shut the screen off!!!!  In conclusion, I would like to point out that I did have a problem with the GPS starting time, so I did much reading and loaded the free GPS tester app on the phone (free on the market) and now I can run the tester if there is a problem and see the satellite signal etc and when I switch to the navigator GPS on the phone it shines!! This is the best Virgin Mobile Phone on the market! I'm one  still on the #25 dollar plan. BTW use superbox app, it does everything you need.PROS:Fast,runs every app I can throw at itVery bright screen and very detailedMemory for holding and running apps is 1gb (great)Memory for running the processor is 200mb or moreProcessor speed is 1gb  (fast)Pictures and Videos are fantastic taking and playing (set to high)Camera flash works wellCase is well designed with a rubber none slip feel and very thinCons:Battery life drains faster than I would like1. because the phone can not be put down!!!!2. Use the battery saver apps like 2x battery or others.IF you have a problem with the GPS starting,try running the free GPS tester app first.UPDATE:Everything above still stands. I also found the black Empire kit that Amazon sells with the pouch, car charger and AC charger to be a must. Also the phone comes with the side power button programmed to drop cellphone calls. You can unprogram this in settings. This is a must for me because I was cancelling my calls while taking the phone out of the pouch. I also downloaded the super keyboard app and it works better for emailing /texting on the screen. This phone is now my emailer, texter, mp3 player, camcorder, camera, flashlight, gaming device, newspaper reader, weather monitor, GPS (better than a garmin) my calculator, VM Minutes monitor, barcode reader,google voice search and much more anyone who gives this phone a one star is crazy, this is the best VM smartphone to date!UPDATE: April 2012 all above stands, except this phone does take a while to connect to the GPS signal and I now found that the fastest way to connect to GPS is to run the App GPS Status and toolbox. It is better than GPS tester and seems to help the phone connect to the GPS signal faster also I'm now using the GPS app Waze...wow Great GPS to Traveling...Try it!UPDATE: August 2012 all the above still stands. Love this phone. I noticed that Virgin mobile is now selling the HTC Evo 3d with 4G and a 1.2 ghz dual core processor. Then I looked at the PC mag reviews and the Amazon reviews and it appears that the HTC Evo 3g has problems receiving phone calls and texting. Too bad, I was ready to upgrade. PC Mag also says the Motorola Triumph is the best smartphone on virgin mobile to date. I agree!UPDATE: September 2012 Because I was frustrated that this phone took too long to connect to the gps satellites, I went to my local radio shack store and purchased the new Virgin Mobile HTC Evo 3D 4G phone. Radio Shack gives a 30 day money back guarantee, so how could I go wrong? It is noticeably faster than the Triumph but has a glich with texting. Glad I don't text much. My BW now has my Triumph and it works fine for her. See all the reviews on this unit!

I only used this phone for about 6 months, but I liked it.Pros:Good quality touch screendecent battery lifegoogle play has TONS of appswifi works greatCons:virgin mobile service is not that great where I livecall quality could be a little betterI would recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't want to pay hundreds of dollars a month for phone service. Make sure to look at a coverage map for virgin mobile to verify you will get coverage in your area.

I have owned three of these phones all purchased from Amazon because they were cheaper than purchasing from Virgin mobile.  BIG MISTAKE.  Ask yourself why are they cheaper on Amazon?  I suspect those on amazon are returns that Vigin mobile unloaded on some third party retailer.  ALL THREE OF THE PHONES I PURCHASED WERE DEFECTIVE.....WIFI ISSUES, RESTART ISSUES, SD CARD ISSUES.  If you paid me I would not take this phone from any seller.  Eventually gave up and bought a Samsung s3 directly from Virgin Mobile.  Save yourself the hassle. Skip this cheap piece of junk.

Its 2014 Do not buy this phone because its really out of date and you cannot download apps anymore on its android version 2. If you decide to, you should know This phone is great for a first andriod, theres not many stock apps but your memory is limited at 2 gb which in these days goes quick so i would suggest buying a bigger sd card and probably rooting this phone if you know how to do that. It will increase your battery life by several hours which is easy to drain when your surfing on the net. If You are computer savey then you can make adjustments to it like i have, but the truth is your better off with a newer phone unless you just want it to make calls with, but thats not why we buy smart phones.

this is not a bad phone. I have been using it for about a month.. it did do a "memory full" problem and I had to reset it.  but otherwise great... the battery life is not the best but considering it is a smart phone and being on it all the time.. it does as much as I expect and there are apps that help on the battery life...overall very satisfied for the dollar spent..

good phone but the flash didn,t work so i send back to virgin mobile and got a replacement phonethanks

Motorola Triumph:Pro:  Screen is large.Cons:  still on froyo, but not on gingerbread.Overall works nice.  Screen size is nice, everything is viewable.

On paper, this phone is supposed to offer a lot.The only problem is that the quality is very poor.I went through three of these phones before giving up on it.Problems include:-Crummy GPS-Buggy interface-Battery cover that slips off-Lousy display (that cracked internally without dropping applying extreme pressure)I know this phone is, for all intents and purposes, obsolete.  But just make sure not to buy one, even it it's only $5.Save yourself the frustration.Phones that have worked well, or at least as advertised for me on Virgin include:-LG Optimus Slider-HTC One-V (slow, but works as advertised)-LG Optimus F3 (excellent phone once you root it)

DON'T buy this phone.Cons:VERY short battery lifeNon responsive and slowWiFi shuts down randomlyPhone reboots randomlyNo regular updates from MotoroalWorst of all: Poor reception. Probably due to Virigin mobile offering a crappy service to begin withWhen I added this review to Virginmobile's website, they removed it!Pros:Big screenNeatSturdySummary: waste of money

I have had this phone for several weeks now.  I had an EVO 4G and really liked it, but it did not have good battery life.  This phone is comparable to the EVO in many ways but the reception is not as good as the battery is not as strong.  A trade off but worth it since I no longer have to pay for a costly 2 year contract.  The camera does not have as good color quality as the EVO.  No complaints about the video camera at this point.

This is my first Android and my fourth VM prepaid phone, I had the Rumour Touch for 8 months prior.Observations, and I'm in the coastal area of San Diego (ocean beach) for those concerned with reception:Phone is very well made, feels solid and chunky but not heavy. Nice soft rubbery case, according to Dow Corning this has their Gorilla Glass anti-scratch glass screen.  I must criticize the battery door, it seems to not be real secure and like another reviewer mine fell off after a drop- mine just 2 feet onto linoleum covered concrete. Phone didn't skip a beat and door is fine, but I think if gets bent or tweeked a bit it would be an issue. I have some domestic skills and came right home and made a well fitting vinyl case, double thick, so hopefully the next drop will be in it.Activation or swapping phones was a breeze, I sent my contacts from  the Rumour to the Triumph via bluetooth. Virgin had it activated on the second try, which is pretty good.  Phone is intuitive, I read the directions for about 1 minute and haven't needed them since.Reception....  I'm on the coast on a hilly peninsula, receiving FM radio stations other than those on the coast has always been hard, the graph on this phone is usually pegged at 1-2 bars inside, 3 outside. It does seem to affect the phone's performance at 1 bar- browsing the android market or sending messages seem a little bogged down. 2 bars, not noticeable. I can improve from 1 to 2 by simply moving around and if I go to another room 3 bars is possible. Overall I can't say it's a big deal, and the Rumour never had a bar meter so who knows if it wasn't the same. However I can see how some may have issues with it. I think it depends on your area, and the phone's reception is not defective but not top of class either.Here is a caveat to this as a complaint: As cell phones transmit their location to towers as they receive, and of course when transmitting, it is possible that reception issues inherent to this phone may have little to do with a bad antenna design and instead that the Triumph had less transmitting power back to the tower. Unless you've been hiding under a rock, you know the jury is still out on safe SAR and biological effects of RF energy. This could well be a blessing- provided you can still use it as a phone, and not a brick. I'm speculating of course but it could be the case.Battery life is not so great but I'm comparing this to the Rumour which is apples to oranges. This will run down its battery pronto (like overnight) if you leave some apps running and forget about it. As a phone and texting machine I will say I kind of miss my Rumour's physical kbd and gawdawful loud speakerphone. A few times when the background noise was sufficient the speakerphone on the Triumph was a no go, had to kill speaker to complete the conversation. I don't miss the way the Rumour seemed to hang up every call as I tried to unlock it, and its horrible touch screen.Overall I'm happy with my purchase and VM is tops in my book, I kept my $25/mo plan, that alone has my friends with iphones finally jealous with envy, as much as I was at their hardware. (though I discover the game apps are still far below theirs-the drag racing game is so dumb, why am I so addicted to it?) As for apps they are great, my non android friends are most impressed with Google Sky Map- hold your Triumph up to the night sky and sight up any star or planet, and there you go.I will give the Triumph four stars for its relatively minor flaws, let's face it, five should be perfection or it's diluted.Updating this. After a couple of months living with this I have a couple of gripes. The reception is spotty still. The touchscreen well sometimes it's buggy as hell, have to touch your selection up to ten times (really!) other times it seems to select everything in a list above and below it EXCEPT what you select, over and over, it's like fighting the phone to get it to do what you want. Speakerphone is as good as useless. And the really major annoyance is alerts only sound once and you can't program them to repeat. So if you got a text and did't hear it the first time, tough luck. These flaws do make it easy to not love. Some good: It's pretty durable, the voice recognition works really well.Three stars.

we bought two of these phones. One was bought awhile back, and the other around the end of January. The first one bought has been working great with no issues or problems at all and very happy with it. The second one died after just over a month of use. While in the middle of texting, the screen had a vertical line go down it and poof...dead. Called up Motorola tech support and they had us do a hard reset with no luck, and then had us change out the battery with the other Triumph, and still no luck. Going thru Motorola, we were going to have to send the phone back to them, have it fixed, then it would be sent back...and we would have to pay for the shipping to Motorola. We use the phones for Virgin Mobile, so we called Virgin and told them what happened and what we did with tech support with Motorola. They quickly set us up with a new phone being shipped out free thru FedEx, and with a return label to send the defective phone back for free. Pretty impressed about that with Virgin. Sux that the phone died so fast tho. Also, it seems the battery doesn't last quite as long as expected, but was still pretty good.I'll update later after we get the replacement phone and have it working for awhile

The hardware on this phone is great, but the software is pretty much worthless, will get slower and slower (Android 2.2. will accumulate files cookie types, putting the memory phones without space in 6 months or less), so you need to put a different stock software , there is a lot of sites you can download it from, look for Cyanogen 7 and 9 (they replace android 2.3 or 4.0) then the phone will work great, also virgin service is good (coverage is nice), but don't expect customer service unless you will like to speak to people in Guatemala...

this is a great phone and it never has lagged on me this is the best phone end of story. my advise get it its awesome!!!

Okay, yes... What some of the other reviewers have said is true: The stock ROM on this phone has problems with GPS and a few other things. When reviewed using stock ROM, I'd have to say this is a 3.5-star phone because of those issues, and Motorola's decision to ignore those problems.Thankfully, the Android community doesn't let stuff like that go without fixing it, and so there are a few different custom ROMs to run on the Motorola Triumph. CM7 runs great, fixes the GPS issues, and grants all sorts of OS improvements that should have been there from the start. It does have some negatives, like taking time before they get around to implementing the HDMI port, and having minor issues with having both WiFi and Bluetooth running at the same time (major battery drain if you do this), but the gain in having a fully-working phone that can hit the GPS satellites, maintain call quality, make WiFi calls, do wireless tethering, and other improvements and upgrades is worth it, if you ask me.With CM7 installed, the phone is stable and performs like it should have out of the box. It's a little tricky getting it installed, but once you do it you'll be happy you picked up a Motorola Triumph. Add to that the fact that you can still use Virgin Mobile's super-cheap thirty-five dollar monthly plan to get 300 talk minutes plus unlimited data and texts, and you've got a winner here.Even if you do stick with stock Android, you'll be happy. But with CM7 this is a powerhouse for the price.

Have had my phone for several months now. I would almost say I love this phone except for a few issues. My GPS navigation app works great. Leaving the GPS on runs the battery down, so I have to remember to turn it off when I'm finished with it. It turns itself on automatically when the app is selected, but takes a few moments to sync.I've learned not to try to read newspaper articles. The phone freezes almost every time. I think it may be downloading the whole dang newspaper...don't know, but I have no problem reading articles from most magazines or smaller newspapers like USA Today.There is no Adobe Flashplayer for android yet, so I can't watch videos from CNN and others. However, YouTube is clear and the larger screen brings everyone to me to watch interesting videos.Most of the time, I only have two bars of connectivity on the phone, but that doesn't seem to matter. I have never dropped a call or failed to get one. The Virgin Mobile service is great...the only place I've ever had no service was in a steep gorge between Nevada and Utah.When handling a lot of information, the phone tends to shutdown. Usually when I'm playing several games of Scramble with Friends in a row. I occasionally have to remove and replace the battery, but that has only happened maybe half a dozen times in several months.I use my phone more like an ipad than a phone. I text constantly but only make one or two phone calls a day.The other reviews seemed so negative, I almost passed on this phone and on Virgin Mobile, thinking I needed an iphone. Since purchasing this phone, however, I have been extremely pleased.I think a case for this phone is a must, as the back is removed so easily, that one person I know has lost the back and has her phone taped up to keep it together. There are lots of cheap cases to choose from with great designs. I am buying a couple more for variety. The hard cases feel cheap but fit the phone perfectly an really stay on. I usually have to find a tool to pry it off if I need to remove the battery to reset the phone.

I discontinued my service with ATT and got rid of 3 Iphone's that we had on a family plan. One Triumph was purchased at BestBuy and the other 2 at Amazon. The first phone from BestBuy was turned on at the store and the sales person told me that I had 30 days to purchase insurance. I called Virgin and they refused insurance because it had to be purchased within 14 days of the service, OH WELL!Both of the other phones were purchased with insurance. After 2 months one of the insured phones quit. Virgin sent me a used phone to replace my phone. It arrived in 14 days!! It was sent without a battery and the back cover for the battery. I was instructed to use the back cover and battery from my old phone and to ship everything else back. The battery cover DOES NOT stay on the phone that they sent. They then informed me that my insurance was cancelled!!VIRGIN is not worth the little money that you save!! Service is spotty and I get tired of speaking to people that can hardly speak english.Don't be fooled, this is a poorly run company with poor service and a bad attitude!

This phone is awesome, Ive only had it for a week, but it hasnt turned off by itself yet and there is no flickering of the screen, like my other one did. While the phone continues to work completely it is a great phone! I liked the customer service I got, it took about a week and a half to get my replacement phone.

As the title suggest this is a decent ,middle of the range smart phone,its worth the price 265 us,and other then the first 1 i got having a dead microphone ,the second is flawless.features are what you come to expect from andriod,and the camera is a bit above what i expected at this price point.the seller shipped me th esecond one the day i emailed him about the dead mic issue,great service and follow through.

So far it's excellent. Doesn't freeze at all, does get a little laggy at times but then it clears up real quick. The 1 ghz processor is enough to do anything you ask of it. Maps, GPS, Messaging, Calls, Skype, games, and loads of other apps call all run at once (except calls and skype obv) without any lag or screen distortion. The touchscreen is super responsive as well. Overall it's the best phone I've ever had and would recommend it to anyone.

"Delivered promptly nearly 3 days before it said it would be here. SD card was already in which i found suspicious. I tried to activate and VM said it was Canadian and wouldn't work here."So after waiting for vm to clear up there end according to Shopcell [best costumer service Ive had in awhile. Today it finally activated. and thanks to shop i saved quite a bit buying it from them.i would most definitely purchase from shopcell again. and i would recommend this phone to all who want to be frugal.

Phone is cheaply made, but works ok Periodically freezes with non google applications (skype), having troubles switching between 3G and WiFi, very short battery life (and I dont use it a lot, sometimes I wonder where it uses its power). Android OS is not bad, but I understand why Steve Jobs hated it... Don't know how iphone works, but this one has a few things to fix. Nevertheless after Nokia's C06-1 Symbian which I lost I respect AndroidVirgin mobile gives u a very budget solution. But you get what you are paying for, have no illusions about it: poor customer service, often not very good coverage and reception. But as I said it's a reasonable budget solution (it works and does its job)

Wish I could review the phone - wish I could use the phone.  Tried to activate it with VM and they said that the serial number was associated with another phone number - hence the used phone.  I'm REALLY whizzed with the Amazon seller right now and I'm not too happy with Amazon for using them as a preferred seller or whatever they call it.The phone turned on and looked great but it does me no good - mailing it back tomorrow, then I think I'll beat my husband and kick the cat.  Just kidding, I don't have a cat.

Root it and it will be the best phone ever!I uninstalled the pre-loaded bloatware and installed panda home and perfect keyboard and now the phone is brilliant! batter life has doubled and phone runs so smoothly! all we need is and android upgrade and i would have no complaints!

The phone is great but it works off a much older version of Android. Save your money and get one that runs 4.1 or better.

Here's what I wrote when I first got the phone:"I'm completely satisfied with my Motorola Triumph.  It works great.  The screen is responsive.  The interactions are smooth.  Every app I've tried works great."However, over time, and probably because I installed quite a few apps, it got painfully slow and clumsy.  Because you can't "root" the phone, you can't run any utilities to keep it clean and speedy.  Your only option to get it fast again is to reset it (just like a computer with Windows on it :-)  Once you do that, it's fast again :-)If you plan to reset it, make sure anything you want to keep is on the SD card.

I bought this phone back in 1/2013 to replace the Samsung Intercept I was cursed with. Virgin Mobile touted this phone as the next best thing since sliced bread, so naturally, just about everyone who was stuck with an Intercept (was VM's previous next best thing) bought a Triumph. When I bought my Triumph, it was within a month or so that both VM and Motorola washed their hands of the phone and said it wouldn't receive any updates, ever. Not to mention, this phone WAS NOT manufactured by Motorola, but by Huwei. Motorola just slapped its logo on it.Stock, the phone worked ok. Thankfully, I like to tinker with my Androids and some wonderful developers on the Android Forums built some incredible roms and kernels for the phone. With those roms, I was able to upgrade my phone to ICS without a hitch and get rid of the factory installed bloatware. I really loved the phone and it did everything I needed it to do. I mostly played tv shows and movies I downloaded on it and the picture and audio quality was top notch.VM's service left much to be desired. 3G was terrible but it flew on wifi. Apps like HBOGO worked flawlessly.I would still be using this phone if my father didn't give me a Motorola Droid Razr that I was able to flash over to PagePlus.Do some research and don't be afraid to flash your phone to work the way it should. Stock software throttles the potential of the hardware. With a custom kernel and rom, you can unlock the true speed of the hardware.

I enjoy my phone a lot ...purchased this phone a couple months ago and I loove it soo much. It's an awesome phone , sleek, big, and has a really good camera and I love taking pictures of my kids. Awesome buy!!

It is a excellent phone I had it but I broke it so now i am trying to buy it again. I wonder if amazon offers insurance for the phone in case of accidental damage like if I brake it or something like that. who knows if they do? please help me out i will really appreciate it. I red a bit but I dont see anything about it Thanks a lot.

I had this POS for maybe seven to eight months before it wound up being thrown against the wall. I suppose I should say it was the third or fourth unit after being returned for factory flaws that render this antiquated piece of garbage a paperweight. Even the final unit I ended up with suffered lighter versions of the initial problems. To elaborate, the first units would not allow me to access the screen and keypad when in a call. The final unit did it once in awhile as well. The unit would also freeze periodically while processing the most basic of tasks, forcing me to do a force restart. It would also restart on its own out of the blue about once a day. Summarily, I would not recommend this thing to anyone I would go back to a flip phone before using this thing again.

I have long been a fan of Virgin Mobile's Beyond Talk plan.  I previously had their LG Optimus V Android phone which I like just fine with the exception that my hands are too big for the keyboard.So, I ordered the Motorola Triumph from Amazon hoping that it would have exactly the same functionality as the Optimus and a larger screen.Indeed, the screen was larger and the keyboard worked just fine.  I was delighted.Unfortunately, after the phone was activated, the problems arose.  Most damning were the fact that I had zero bars in my office and the 3G would not connect.  With the Optimus, I had 2-3 bars and a weak, albeit usable 3G signal.To add insult to injury, the Optimus provided me with a wi-fi hotspot which I admittedly used very sparingly, but it was nice to be able to update map on the Xoom while traveling.  The wi-fi hotspot did not work with the Triumph.  This alone was not a show stopper but considered along with the weak reception became deal breaker.I readily admit that I could have received a phone that for some reason did not receive as well as it should have, but the idea of returning it and trying another was not appealing, so I simply returned it.I'm back using the Optimus (which is smaller and easier to carry) but with limited typing ability.I think the major point though is that Virgin Mobile has enough sense to sell their phones and then offer no-contract service.  If you are looking for decent service at a great price then I highly recommend you look at Virgin Mobile's Beyond Talk.  If you are in a better coverage area, the Triumph may well be a great solution for you.  Smaller hands would also do well with the Optimus V.

After reading a ton of reviews I decided to cancel my At&t service and purchase a Motorola Triumph phone and make the switch to Virgin Mobile to save money.  What a mistake!!  This phone is a great concept - but doesn't work very well in reality.  Virgin Mobile customer service is outsourced and they really don't care.  After hours on the phone with customer service trying to get my phone to function properly (I am not able to download anything) the representative actually suggested  I switch back to At&t since they have no idea why my phone won't work.  I'm kind of stuck now because I cancelled my At&t service but, I am returning this defective, inefficient, phone and switching carriers.  Beware before you buy!!!!

So I have read and watched all the reviews on this phone before I popped for it. This is the first cell phone I have purchased since 2004. Since then I have always had company provided cell phones (Motorola Q, BlackBerry this and that, flip phones, and other Windows Mobile devices). This is the second Android phone I have used. My Wife has the Samsung Intercept. It's a decent phone but I didn't like using it the times I messed with it. It always seemed very hard to find stuff. So getting into the Android OS has been a change since I own both an iPod touch and an iPad.After activating the phone I decided it's time to root the phone and get full control of my device. I mean hey being a techie I like taking all my devices to the next level. So after rooting it and following some very easy instructions off YouTube I reloaded the OS with MIUI which is a Chinese port of Android that has been ported to work on this phone, version 1.9.30 at the time of this post. Since reloading the phone I have had a few issues but nothing major to complain about. I have had a few lock ups using the Video Recorder but again these are things you sacrifice when not using the normal Virgin Mobile load.My first overview of the phone is I simply couldn't be happier with it. After getting all my email, facebook, and chess dot com application setup I have been extremely satisfied with the phone. It keeps my up to date on all those things and works like a dream. Size wise it reminds me of the Motorola Q. For being on Virgin Mobile it's the best device they offer, and works well. It may not be perfect since I have rooted the phone but it's part of the pro's and con's of pushing your device in this manner. However the biggest plus is I don't have to listen to the stupid Virgin Mobile boot screen anymore so to me it's worth it. If your like my (cheap) and can't see spending more than $35 (+$5 for insurance) a month on having a cell phone, then you just can't go wrong! I will post more updates in a month since I have only used the phone for about 72 hours.

It's a decent phone until it stops charging. I've had it for 6 months and the problems started. It's very well taken care of. No drops/spills etc.  There is a known issue with the charging port not being soldered well. I have to wiggle the cord until the indicator says its charging, and then hold it in a certain way otherwise it won't charge. If you do a search for "motorola triumph not  charging" you will come up with a lot of forums discussion their issues.

Bought this for my wife, who had never owned a "smart phone" before. She too to it like a duck to water, and now wonders why she held out on one for so long. The big screen makes things incredibly easy to see and do, and she even has played a few games on it. The camera is great on it, she broke it in taking pictures of the new grandbaby even. All around nice phone, but the size is the best feature.

This phone was not the flashiest but it was dependable. I had this phone for over 2 years and it took a tons of hits. At the time this phone came out on virgin mobile it was the best phone available. One big problem was you couldn't put any of the new apps since it would run out of space real quickly.

It's a slick phone. It's light, it's smooth, my friends oo and aa at it when they see it. On the surface, everything looks good... until you try to use it.It's slow. Really slow. If I use any app for more than 5 minutes, it'll start lagging, and then eventually reboot itself at its own discretion. Most infuriating thing ever. What's the point of having a slick-looking smartphone if you can't do anything on it for more than 5 minutes? I've tried uninstalling the apps and reinstalling them. I've tried rebooting it, as recommended after contacting Virgin Mobile support. Googling the issue has shown that it's pretty common place for this phone too. A mess. I might just switch to the Lumia.

There are lots of reviews for this phone, so I won't bore you with all that info'. Phone runs Adobe Flash just fine. It is a HUGE upgrade from the Intercept, very snappy, jumps between apps easily and has more than enough horsepower to run it all smoothly. Skype (not the official version) works great, even using the front camera. Ordered on the Friday, phone arrived on the Monday.

I saw the previous bad reviews but bought the phone anyway since I have limited options (I'm grandfathered into Virgin Mobile's $25 plan). The phone felt overheated when I first charged it but I was expecting that. It was slow to access the internet and spend messages, but I didn't mind that too much either. This negative review stems from my frustration (and fear) from wondering around town at night because my GSP and internet wasn't working. I use my phone more for navigation than communication, so I won't survive a week with this phone. The bad review is only for the phone. The shipping was faster than expected and the customer service was amazing! They made me feel a bit better about my bad situation. Think I'll try the LG Optimus V instead...

I've been using this phone for about 9 months now. At first it was nothing but smooth sailing, but after a short while, things went downhill. The battery plate barely stays on, even in my pocket. The battery life is a bad joke. If you forget to plug it in one night, expect it to be dead by the next morning. It consistently freezes on me and I've recently had to delete all pictures and all but a few apps due to insufficient phone storage, and that's with a bigger memory card. It has convinced me to never buy another Android based phone again.

I got the phone a while back like 2 years or more but still works great. IPassed it to my mom and she loves it also.

The bad: Battery life is one of the worst I have seen on a portable device: miserable. Come on, guys! Give me another eighth of an inch thickness and better battery life. (I purchased an extra AC adapter, $3 on eB*y and will probably buy one for the car, and maybe my easy chair.)I do not like side-mounted power switches or "soft" android control buttons, but that's personal.The good: I have had a very good experience with Virgin Mobile's customer service, including a callback from them while trying to port my number from T-Mobile. I squeaked in under the wire with the $25/mo price--hee hee...Compared to my Optimus V, reception seems about the same in my office, a notorious dead spot. Speed and memory on the Triumph are both bettter, nice and snappy. Nice screen. Disappointed by Froyo (Android 2.2), will probably try rooting and installing 2.3.The camera lost its green tint after I noticed and removed the cellophane covering.VM/Sprint coverage is the usual variable: usually great in the metro area, but drops suddenly: in my bedroom, for instance.I intend to stay with VM as long as they offer low minutes/high data for 1/4 the cost of V*****n.

Like others I found the handset to be a bit buggy out of the box but after a few modifications to the settings and installing a few performance apps like Juice Defender my Triumph has been running circles around some of the higher end duel processor phones owned by friends and co-workers. In the now 2 month of ownership I went from wanting to throw my Triumph in the river to not being able to rip the handset from my cold dead hands. In other words, if you know what you are doing the Triumph is an awesome buy for a contract free phone but with that said if you are the kind of person who has a hard time figuring out a new computer or has owned an iPod for years and are still finding new features the Triumph is not for you.

Product is well designed and a very cost effective price, both for device and service plan. This is a state of the art droid device.

I like this phone but sometimes it loses its charge very quickly. I had a problem with the first phone that I bought but Virgin replaced it.

Bought this phone September of 2011... Started seeing many flaws already few weeks. 1) Couldn't hang up on people fast. I kept on clicking on the screen and it wouldn't hang up. So eventually had to set up the "hang up" option manually in the settings. Customer service kept on saying it was full of viruses. IT WAS NOT!! I cleaned it many times! Then like 5 months later all of sudden, the touch screen hang up button started working again. 2) It can be "little" slow. When unblocking the phone...when typing something...clicking on certain apps...Takes few seconds for it to actually DO IT 3) TODAY after so many "months" of crappy service...it has finally died out of NO WHERE while it was charging and i was txt my friend... for 5 hours i can't seem to turn it back on!. DO NOT BUT THIS CHEAP KNOCK OFF "SMART PHONE" This has been my first smartphone. It was only like $200. I should of known the price was too good to be true!! Spend extra $$$ on something that's made by Samsung, Lg, HTC.. NOT Motorola!!***I've never dropped, hit or water my phone. I've been asked that many times.

Psyched Amazon had this phone way cheaper than Virgin offers. Not so psyched when it arrived and didn't work. Was seriously doubting my choice of phone, but replacement arrived within 1 day and boy did that change my mind. Bought phone for my wife who was begging me to get her out of her old flip-phone. She has been able to adjust to new-found powers very well. Phone works great, battery life seems to be fine for her. Occasional use during day, increased use after work, and she charges it every night. Good phone, good service, and way cheaper than other options.

I don't know if I was sold a dud or it was just one of those bad ones, but it stopped working under great care in a matter of a couple months. Never going to buy again.

the phone was terrible \, my husband had it only for 2 weeks and it always seem to be 'hot' to the touch when you played games on the phone it quit working and would take a charge or turn on.

--UPDATE--OK, several months later, I'm switching phones.I tried ... and if I were penniless, I would have stayed with it. But random annoying reboots, random slowness, random flakiness ... if I'm going to spend this much on a phone, that's just not OK. And reading others' experiences with getting replacements from VM ... well, it sounds like this phone model has just turned out to be kind of a lemon.--ORIGINAL REVIEW--I wanted a larger screen than my then-current phone, the LG Optimus V. And I wanted to stay with Virgin Mobile. So the Motorola Triumph seemed like the logical step. Since these are the only two smart phones I've had, my review will involve lots of comparisons ...I do like having the larger screen - that has been nice. Still fits in my pocket, though a tad more awkward.Even though it has a faster processor than the Optimus, it *seemed* like the same speed or even slower - until I rooted it. Not sure what was going on there. Rooting it was pretty straightforward.Amazon's Kindle app had worked fine on the Optimus, but for whatever reason caused the Triumph to be totally flaky. I was seriously considering returning the Triumph until I figured out it was just the Kindle App at fault. Once I got that off of there, it has been as stable as the Optimus. (Since I just used the Kindle app to read free "classics", I had alternatives. I'd probably be pretty ticked though, if I actually had a library of paid Kindle books that I wanted to read on the phone.)GPS takes forever to get going. It often did on the Optimus too, but it seems even worse on the Triumph. I've learned to turn GPS on early if I think I'm going to need it.Feels flimsier than the Optimus, somehow, though in reality it has proved to be pretty durable so far.Overall, a good but not thrilling step up for the price. Worth it to stay with Virgin Mobile's excellent data plan pricing.

I purchased this phone at Bestbuy in Tukwila, WA. I live in Tacoma and work in Renton. I get crappy reception. Whenever I want to go online, check my email, use an app it thinks forever then tells me network is unavailable and to try again. This ACTUALLY means..turn me off and reboot and I will work until the next time you want to use these and then you have to reboot me again. I leave me phone plugged in all night and use it for my alarm. Well when the phone is completely charged it shuts off. How the HECK am I going to be able to wake up on time for work because the alarm doesn't ring if it's turned off so its a good thing I made sure to have a back up alarm the first time I used it for that purpose. I thought aw fine for $35 bucks what more can I ask for. I have unlimited text and calling and data after I reboot. Then I downloaded pandora for in the car. Yay I thought. At least Pandora works. Um well...it doesn't. It will shut off in the middle of a song. What the ????? I am so frustrated with this phone I don't care if it's 5 dollars a month it is annoying the crap out of me with all the issues it has. Oh did I mention I had issues with logging into my home wifi but not anyone else's. Figured that out with google. Oh and the battery life. not even an hour it seemed and one phone call and it goes dead. I installed juice defender and that helped some but this phone sucks banana's big time. I'm returning it after only two weeks of use. I read all of the positive reviews here on amazon.com so I thought cool. But uh NOT cool. Phone needs lots of work. Look online anywhere but amazon and you will find this phone has a ton of issues. I've read about other people with the same issue's as me and they got a different phone and had the same issue. I have an AT&T; HTC Aria for a year and a half and not one single issue. I had an iPhone 3g and no issue's. Maybe I'm just spoiled. I think I am gonna get a AT&T; Go Phone instead and just pop the sim in my HTC Aria. I'm done with the expensive plans and didn't want to continue but switch to a go phone. What a pain.update 11/10/11I returned the phone weeks ago but got charged for another month. Tried to cancel it but I had to have the phone number. One gal found me on the computer with my name and address but had to transfer me and those people said they couldn't find me in the system. If you got the phone and return it due to sucky service keep the phone number and pin so you can take care of any issues after you close the account and return the phone. Horribly Horrendous Stupid crappy irritating service. Hate Virgin Mobile and their crappy phone service.

Phone in very good condition, I am happy with it. Came with a free case, which smelled like cigarettes though.

I switched from the intercept to this phone and love it.  It does everything a modern phone is supposed to do with ease.-2 way video skype works.-satellite gps actually works indoors. (first device I've had that has done that)-graphics and screen brightness are great.-The 3g Revo A works faster than intercepts 3g.I'd say 3 of 4 above don't work on stock rom!  You really have to upgrade to MIUI or CY7 to get the phone working right.  It took me about 5 mins to read the directions and install.  In summary, just install clockwork and upload MIUI.

I have now owned Virgin Mobile's top-of-the-line Android for approximately 8 months now. While I was extremely happy with the phone initially, I have unfortunately since changed my tune.Let me just start by stating right off the bat I have had to send it back for a replacement, TWICE. The biggest problem I had the first few months of having this phone was it's annoying habit of constantly turning itself off. One day it turned itself off, and wouldn't turn back on. To make matters worse, when I called to get a replacement, they insisted on sending me a battery instead of an actual phone. I was skeptical it would work....I was right. The battery was indeed a failure and so I had to wait nearly a week for a replacement phone. In all, I was without a phone for nearly two weeks. Totally unacceptable.It's good to also keep in mind that the Triumph runs on Android version 2.2 AKA Froyo. It works fine, and I have no major complains BUT in a world where Ginger Bread and most recently Ice Cream Sandwich are commonplace, it can feel a little dated. I have asked a number of times of the Triumph will ever get a proper OS update, but have never been given a straight answer.I will say that the replacement phone cured it's bad habit of turning itself off all the time. Unfortunately, fast forward to about a week ago, and I found myself needing yet another replacement phone. This time it was the screen. It was inexplicably turning very dark to the point where you could barely see what was on the screen. Also, lines and distortions would show up. If I gave the back of the phone a couple of taps, this would correct the problem. But alas, it started to happen with much more frequency.After all this you might be wondering why I am giving it a 3 Star Rating. Well, in all honesty, it isn't ALL bad.The biggest draw to this device is that if you want a nice Android with a big screen from the No Contract/Pre-Pay market, the Triumph is one of your few options. Virgin's pricing is also appealing. $55 bucks a month gets you all-you-can-eat minutes, texting, and data. But be warned: As of last month, Virgin announced that the unlimited data (The unlimited minutes and texting still stand.) isn't so unlimited. After 4 or 5 gigs, they will start to throttle you. I also have to say that call quality is pretty solid. The ear speaker is quite loud and I rarely have problems hearing anyone. The same can be said for the mic. I have been told many times that I sound loud and clear on the other end, even when bars are low. Also, the 3G is perfectly snappy. Most web pages, even ones loaded with video and content, load within 10-30 seconds. Not bad at all in my opinion. The 4.1 inch screen is handsome, big, and bright. Perfect for web surfing and watching video. The speakers are also pretty good. Like most smartphones, they can be a bit tinny, but they get quite loud. Videos and music are actually a pleasure to listen to, as well as watch.At the end of the day, I can really only recommend this phone to someone who REALLY wants a "proper" smartphone from a No Contract/Pre-Pay company. All the rest of you....beware.

We bought 5 of these years ago, on the $25 Virgin Mobile plan. I moved one line to Straight Talk, but the other 4 are still on the $25 Virgin Mobile plan. After a few years, my daughter wore her phone out. As we can only switch to a phone that was active on the $25 Virgin Mobile plan at the time we bought this phone, we bought another.The newer phone seems to have improved GPS, and the back area over the battery is slightly re-designed to be more secure. Other than that, this is a basic Android phone. Likely underpowered for many kids today. However, if you want to talk, have some smart apps, and use internet this is a great phone. As it's 3G you won't be able to talk and access internet at the same time.Coverage in my area has improved over the years, it's on par with T-Mobile, but not as good as AT&T; or Verizon.We had car trouble several winters ago, and I slammed my hood down after a jump, but the hood didn't close. After a second slam, I checked for obstruction. To my horror, my personal Triumph was preventing the hood from closing. It took two decent hits, did not crack, or fail in any way. There was minor abrasion to part of the side of the phone. However, the glass was not adversely affected. By contrast a Google Nexus fell 3' and it's screen cracked into many pieces. If you want a durable Android smart phone, that isn't very powerful, this could be a good choice.

I got the phone refurbished for a little over half the original price with a case and screen protector. When it arrived, it had everything needed and activation was extremely easy. Before I purchased the phone, I read some reviews and saw that the phone had an old Android version. No problem, I did some research and I found some ways to make 3G speeds faster and I found some good roots. I rooted my phone to CM9 (CyanogenMod Mod 9, Android Ice Cream Sandwich or 4.0.4) and now it works so smooth and so fast (overclocked). A CM10 (CyanogenMod Mod 10, Android Jelly Bean or 4.1) root is in development for anybody wondering. The battery lasts me through the whole day, but some reviews say that the battery runs out a lot after a while so I bought two 2000 mAh batteries. Now, I have the perfect phone that I've always wanted.

This is a pretty okay phone. The only thing I have to complain about it so far is the battery life. I got this one cause I read reviews saying that battery life was good. But I guess it could also be from some of the apps I am running. But all together it is a good phone.  :-)

I have owned a lot of Android phones.  The Triumph has a good screen, good build quality, good touch screen response, good processor, good reception, good voice quality, and good battery life.  The camera is decent (5 MPixel) but lacks a dedicated camera button.  The battery door is easy to open without being loose; however, you do need to remove the battery in order to change the MicroSD card.  The phone uses soft buttons that light up in the dark (I prefer physical buttons, but fewer and fewer phones have them).  It is refreshing and nice to see that the Triumph runs almost unmodified Android 2.2.2 (note that this is not the latest version, but it is compatible with most apps).For comparison, the Galaxy S II (which I also have, for use in Europe) is slightly better in all of those areas, but at more than twice the price; I find that none of the Galaxy S II's improvements over the Triumph in these areas are practically important.  The Triumph is an inexpensive and powerful workhorse, the Galaxy S II is a nice luxury.Some other reviews have noted poor battery life, crashes, poor responsiveness; I have not observed any of those on my Triumph.  With Android, it is easy to provoke such problems by installing badly behaved applications; if you are having such problems, check which applications are using the CPU and battery (there are built-in tools under Settings for that) and uninstall them.  The one software problem I have had is that Twitdroyd crashes on startup, but it does that on the LG Optimus as well. Reception is perhaps slightly worse than the LG Optimus (based on the number of bars), but I have had no problems with it.Some words about the plan (as of August 2011): at the increased price of $35/month, Virgin Mobile's service is still a good deal.  There didn't used to be alternatives, but now AT&T; also offers a prepaid plan with $25 for 500M/30 days plus voice; Verizon's prepaid plan on an Android phone will currently set you back $75/month at a minimum, and you end up using the truly awful Motorola Citrus.  Coverage on VirginMobile is more limited than Verizon or AT&T;, but it is still excellent in many parts of the US, including most urban areas I have been to.  Unlike the Optimus, where the WiFi tethering setting was accessible using a standard third party widget, however, you can't fool the Triumph into WiFi tethering anymore.In terms of apps, I like to use SlideIt as a keyboard (it's similar to Swype), and there is a Virgin Mobile minutes checker in the market that keeps track of plan minutes.Given its excellent price/performance ratio, I think the phone clearly deserves five stars.Added 2011-09-05: I noticed in forums that people had some problems.  First, there were complaints about slow GPS location acquistiion; the Triumph is slower than the Galaxy S II, but I haven't found it to be a practical problem.  Also, people were complaining about instability; I can't confirm that, my Triumph has been rock solid, despite tons of applications installed on it.

At the start of last summer I found myself in the market for a new cell phone. With the rumors of a buyout from at&t; on the horizon and virgin's very attractive prepaid unlimited data plan and this phone announced for release it seemed like a no brainer to jump onto this plan. When I looked at it on paper the phone with the cheap contract was the best bang for your buck out there in the cell phone market.Well the specs may have been good, and the price may have been right, but the phone was a dud. In it's ideal condition the phone suffers from several livable, but annoying flaws. There is a screen flicker when you awaken the screen sometimes, sometimes the screen goes all while when you hit the power button, and sometimes the picture gets wavy. This is rectified by just turning the screen off and on again but for something that cost me at the time $300 new I was pretty annoyed to have such issues. Besides that the gps takes forever to lock on, and no it wasn't a faulty model they all have this problem it's an issue with the gps chip. So yes you can have 8 satellites in view, with a good signal but it might not lock onto you for ten minutes. Of course sometimes it just turns on after 2 seconds. Another minor but annoying enough issue is that the touch screen is just not very sensitive. It's a huge step up from my tiny, nonresponsive, non multitouch g1, but that thing had a little track ball to help when I needed precision that my screen refused to give me, this phone will make certain tasks like selecting text a bit of a pain. All together these issues don't ruin the phone entirely, but for something I paid a decent amount of money on these are pretty unacceptable and it really makes the device seem cheaper and less polished.Of course my biggest issue with this device is poor build quality. I didn't expect a motorola phone to be this bad given that this isn't their first android device and the company seems to have a decent enough reputation with regards to quality but early adopters of this device were punished with phones that died numerous ways. My phone personally lasted from july until november without issues, and then my phone died. No real reason for it, I just turned my phone off, and when I tried to turn it back on again it wouldn't turn on despite removing the battery and putting it back in again. Now virgin mobile was very helpful, all of their phones come with a year long warranty and I called them up and told them what was wrong and they sent me a new phone in the mail in a couple days. The day after that my second phone died of the same death as my first. I called again, virgin was just as helpful and another phone was shipped to my home. This time the phone doesn't even last a day. I turn it off, and it refuses to come back on. After the third phone I bought a used nexus s for about the same price as this phone and decided to go back to t-mobile.T-mobile has a $30 prepaid plan now(though it only has 100 minutes voip programs can make up for it on android) and the it looks like the AT&T; is not going to be able to buy out the t-mobile and corrupt their plans and service. Virgin is a good company, the signal quality while hit and miss was about as good as t-mobile, and the price is certainly appealing, the only problem is their top of the line phone is a turkey. When the phone did work at it's optimally it was as advertised a solid midranged device, but there are a lot of duds out there. If you get a solid one, that's great. If not, well your out of luck.

When I first read the reviews from others, I was starting to get indecisive. It looked like a great phone, but people complained about some issues that put me off. Finally, I decided to buy it and boy was I blown away! This phone is amazing. It has a great screen, the colors are very bright and colorful, and the touch sensitivity is perfect. The photos it takes are great, not as amazing as a regular camera, but great nonetheless. The video is clear and truly HD, however the sound is quite low. It has very minor flaws, and do not greatly affect the phone overall.I bought this from the Virgin Mobile website because it was cheaper.

I really wanted to like this phone. I bought it at Radio Shack 7 months ago. I paid for a good phone with a decent processor and memory so it could keep up with future updates. But Motorola has announced that this is one of 16 phones (out of 35 models specified) that will never be updated. That means I can't get any of the benefits of the 5 VERSIONS OF ANDROID OS which have been released since the one on this phone, nor any of the applications on the market which require it. This is beyond irritating.I paid a premium specifically so this phone would last, but Motorola says "F-You" to their customers and any plans they may have had for their phones by abandoning half (or more, considering the note at the bottom of the page) of all of their Android devices. Sure, they are willing to give me a $100 credit toward another Motorola, but I'm not going to buy another Motorola after this experience. Apple still writes updates for 4 of their 6 iPhone models (you have to go all the way back to 2008 to get a phone that is no longer supported).I'll probably try an LG or Samsung, but only after thorough research. Otherwise I'm done with Android OS.

I had virgin mobile for almost 7 years and went through phones like crazy lol but I will say that this phone (besides the iPhone) was the best phone I ever had. And I will say that I hate android but this phone was different. The battery life was fair and it was never slow like most androids are nowadays. If I ever went back to virgin mobile and bought a new phone again this would be the phone I would buy.. I wish and I honestly mean it I wish I never sold this phone. I had 10 phones in the 7 years I had virgin mobile and had this phone twice for a reason.  Trust me I'm so picky about phones but this one will always be a top fav besides the iPhone.

The forst one started having problems and had some i was not aware of as i though it was part of the design. it stopped working. the second one worked and i thought JOY, THIS IS NICE. Boy was i wrong.this device has a serious problem switching from one bluetooth device to another unless you reboot. then it started to get ahicup of when the signal got lost you had to reboot the phone to get back on the air. this made me not recieve 7 very important phone calls from my wifes cancer doctor and made her miss a change of appoinment. they said they left messages. they were right. i rebooted the phone then they started rolling in. this is very unacceptable for a phone. i thought i would spend some bigger money and buy a well known big name product. Well Motorola you just had some offshore company who built this thing bring down you name another notch. $279.00 peice of junk. yeah it looks nice and all but it is a sorry excuse for a cellphone. two tin cans and a string would be more reliable.. you can have all the nice features and battery life but if it dont work it be junk.. Virgin mobile uses the Sprint backbone which is not the best but it is not that bad. this is truly a problem with the hardware being produce in Rotormola's name. this time the bat wings have failed big timeso what ever you do. DO NOT BY THIS PEICE OF JUNK. i have had this since March fo 2012 and am now buying another brand phone. LG as I have never had any problems with their equipment. yeah my $99.00 phone outshines the $279.00 crap. i am trying my best to be fair to them but i just cannot do so. that is just too much money to throw down the toilet. next time I and my neighbor go target shooting this will be the main target. i will remove the battery before blowing this thing to smithereens. oh and befroe i bought this i did some research and looked at some professional reviews. i guess Motorola paid them for the good reviews

The Build is marginal and it ships with ZERO accessories. Battery life is even worse then advertised.  If you live in or near Portland, Oregon you can expect zero data coverage and marginal voice. We have been limited to connecting for data via WIFI. What a disappointment! It will be going back. To bad. Can anyone recommend a phone like this that has good coverage??Thanks

Brought this phone from Target after leaving Cricket and I must say I love it! The os is laggy but once I had mine rooted to gingerbread its just as fast as my Evo3d.....I love the way it feels and it's pretty light too camera is OK nothing to complain about virgin mobile has great plans! Would suggest this phone

I've had this phone for about a month now and a couple of days after purchase my internet stops working.It's been two almost three weeks and this issue still has not been resolved.I've threaten to cancel my services and return the phone but virgin mobile offered me some deals which I think is good in a way.To me a phone without internet service is very bad.Has anyone else had problems with there internet?

I purchased the Motorola Triumph as my second Android phone.  I was totally unsatisfied with my Samsung Intercept and decided I would give VM one more try based on the terrific phone plan at reasonable rates. I'm glad I did.The Intercept gave me problems at every turn.  It would freeze for no apparent reason, the GPS would not work if there was no cell signal, apps didn't work because of the screen resolution, and the small memory made me have to select apps to keep on the phone. The camera had no flash and pictures were marginal. The processor speed was slow and I think made everything else worse. I almost went over to the evil side to get an Iphone.Enter the Triumph.  It worked out of the box and has been a dream for the last month that I have had it.  I cannot recommend this phone enough for folks suffering the non-performance on the Intercept. The MT runs everything I have loaded perfectly. This is a great Android phone that runs just fine on VM at a fraction of the price of other options.

described well, shipping sucked, phone came brand new, although from time to time the phone will glitch and the screen will spazz. Other then that, i give it three stars.

I gave this phone two chances - the first time around, the whole thing quit working after 2-3 hours.  I'm talking hard power-off, will not charge, will not turn back on.  Imagine the frustration, since I spent those 2-3 hours doing all the usual setup I would do with a new phone, and now they're wasted.  Oh well, things happen in the world of electronics.  Returned it and bought another.Perfectly happy for about a week, but slowly the problems began to show themselves.  First, wi-fi will not stay connected, and constantly drops off after somewhere between 10-30 minutes.  This, of course, makes it impossible to download any type of large file to the device.  Also, people on the other end of the conversation complain they cannot hear me on speaker, there is a constant chirping/high pitched distortion in the background.  GPS takes anywhere from 3-5 minutes to actually find a signal no matter how many bars I have.  I will be returning my second Triumph and purchasing an Optimus Slider like my wife.  The keyboard is a nice addition, too!

Overall I like this phone. Being one of the first Android phones for the prepaid market I can understand that it is going to lag behind its contract phone competitors. I like the the Android OS that came prepackaged and the 3g coverage in my area is nice. I like being able to watch Netflix movies or listen to radio.com. Certainly the OS could be improved, but it's still nice out of the box. As for service, that depends on where I am. Frankly anyone getting any cell phone should check the coverage area and ask around before spending the money. I have noticed that sometimes the buttons do not respond. I assume this is because there are too many programs running in the background. I am constantly shutting them off, but they find a way to restart themselves! Another issue that I have is with the placement of the camera button and the use of a touchscreen button at that! For those that don't have this phone, the camera button (when you select the camera option) comes up at the bottom of the screen along with several other buttons for options. Now, this camera takes decent mobile photos for a camera in its price range, but I find the location of button very awkward. It is hard to get a stable image when you are both trying to press a touch screen button and stabilize the phone as well. I think a better option would have been an actual button on the top sides of the body. Also the location of the end call touch screen button makes it easy to accidentally hang up with your cheek. Finally, although I find the media volume to be quite high enough, the volume during calls is rather low. I have also had random incidences in which all I hear is muffled static despite having at least 3 bars or more.

The Motorola Triumph is a thing of beauty and comes closest to the handheld device I've been dreaming of.  Ever since the days of the Palm T/X I've longed for a versatile PDA that could also make phone calls in a pinch. Using Wi-Fi to communicate makes so much more sense to me. Since then, I've watched communication devices increasingly become locked down money makers. (I get that you love your idroid, or whatever, but for me, I just don't see the value of paying a hundred bucks a month for what I always had for practically free.)So for me, the biggest advantage of the Triumph is the very reasonable cost of ownership thanks to Virgin Mobile.  VM has cut their service to the bone, but like other savvy tech providers, has set up a mechanized operation that works on its own.  If you need help from Virgin, as a general rule for tech, stay away from the phone line and go to the forums, or use email.  Virgin Mobile Facebook is all you need to get over the hump of confusion caused by new adoption.I have had no problems with the Triumph once I got dialed in.  The signal matches my LG Optimus V and both data and calls are clear even indoors in my suburb digs.  The Triumph has a larger screen, easier to use data entry, longer battery life, and a front facing camera for those "free" video chat calls.  All of that makes it worth the initial cost to me.  Once the setup (rather challenging at times) is over, it all works like a champ.Thanks to Motorola, Google, and Virgin, my dream of a handheld device that doesn't make me feel like I'm being gouged by the big providers has been comfortably sublimated.  Every time I pick up the Triumph, I feel like I'm sending another kind of message: a wake-up call to the big providers.  Triumph indeed.

Picture quality is pretty good, battery life sucks, phone used to charge while on now I have to turn it off for it to charge... other than that its an awesome phone ..

i got this phone 8 months ago.  i was looking for a no-contract smartphone that wasn't too expensive.  at the time, looking at all carriers and phones, this seemed to be the best option.  i'm not sure if it still is now, but as of october 2011 it probably was the best option.  with taxes and fees or whatever, i pay $37.19 a month for unlimited data and texting.  solid.this was my first smartphone and in the first month i loved it and had no problems with it.  i'm sure it has already been said but the images are extremely sharp, battery needs to be charged every day, etc etc etc.  however, through time i've come across problems with the phone that seem to happen to everyone who has this phone apparently.  this is exactly why i'm writing this review.problem 1: after having the phone for about 3 months, i would constantly get the message that my phone storage space is low.  i thought this was odd because i didn't have too many apps.  i would uninstall some of the larger apps and the message would still pop up.  annoying.  the solution to this is to move all your files to the SD card then do a factory reset.  i haven't had a problem since.  it's annoying to have to do that, but oh well.problem 2: around a month after doing the factory reset, my phone would randomly shut off or restart itself.  i've missed 2 days of work using this as my alarm clock, having the phone shut off while i'm sleeping, and sleeping through my ride to work.  it didn't happen too often at first, but after about 2 months it started to get ridiculous so i looked online for solutions.  i saw a lot of people take their phone in and get a replacement, just to have it again to their new replacement.  so don't do that.  the solution to make this stop is to go to settings -> wireless & networks -> wi-fi settings -> advanced -> wi-fi sleep policy -> and select never.  i did this 2 months ago and it hasn't happened since.problem 3: extremely minor problem.  once in awhile the back button is unresponsive.  i haven't come across a solution for this yet, but it happens so rarely and is such a minor problem i don't really care to look to see if there is a solution.with all that said, for the past 2 months, other than problem 3, i've had absolutely no problems with this phone.  after fixing the problems with the phone i'd rate this as a 5 star phone.  i'm taking off a star because it shouldn't have these problems in the first place.  i'll write more if i come across any more problems, but at this point i don't expect any more.

This phone is fast.  I've had no technical problems with the phone.  It is quick to drain battery, but it's expected with a bigger processor and android phone.  I downloaded a few battery saving apps and it the battery has been lasting longer now.  The only real problem I have with the phone is that it does run on Sprint towers, so it doesn't have very good reception.  I only have 1 bar if that most of the time.  However, I seem to still be able to make calls and text from most anywhere so far except inside some stores or buildings where when going inside I have no service at all. I would have to go outside building to gain some service again. I'm not disappointed with my purchase, though.  Although it does have its cons, I still really like this phone. You can't beat the monthly service price, plus all the extras and android market available on this phone. It has a really good camera on it, also.

This phone is awsome!!!i have switched around from a few different phone companies and used many different phones (including the various iphones). this is easily my favorite. I must say this phone is one of the largest phones i have used and it is awkward at first but after that it is great. Particularly because i have big hands and fatty thumbs, this phone has solved my problem due to the large screen and keys i can type very accurately and quickly.The phone is quick and never lags. pictures are pretty good with the 5mp camera, the video recording is not that great but for a cell phone i found it to be reasonable. internet browser is pleasant and doesnt give me any trouble. videos works great. found the phone's performace to be on par with the iphone 4 the only real difference being that it has a slightly smaller screen resolution, but that hasnt been noticeable. the android operating system is very nice, allows lots of access to apps and is simple to use.As for the carrier. Virgin mobile has been pretty good. they are low cost at $35 per month for unlimited data(3g) and texting and 300 talk minutes. there signal is great in the city and close to. When i go camping is the only time i dont get service. I certaintly cannot complain when i was paying over $60 at other companies. Virgin has outsourced support so trying to talk with someone for help can be challenging at times. they dont have any hidden fees or weird rules or contracts so your essentaily free of carrier tyrany.all in all, the phone is great and the carrier is good so i am very happy.

Introduction.============My review is based on ownership period of three weeks of the phone with software build 039 (latest at the moment). I have pretty good grasp on technology and I tried every possible workaround short of flashing a custom ROM to make this phone work as it should. I own alsoLG Optimus V (Virgin Mobile)and will draw parallels between the two phones.Pros:=====+ 4.1" large bright screen. After that screen size, it is tough to go back to 3.2" screen of Optimus.+ Fast CPU/GPU combination. Angry Birds, Greed Corp, Age of Conquest run smooth like a butter. Optimus stutters on some Angry Birds levels.+ Great for browsing web.+ Great for watching videos.+ Thin case.+ HDMI out.+ OK front facing camera.+ LED flash that works.+ Can shoot mediocre 720p videos.+ 1Gb of internal RAM allows to install tons of apps. LG Optimus has only 140Mb.Cons:=====- Angular design makes it harder to remove from / put in the pocket and not very comfortable to hold to ear. My next phone will have rounded edges.- Weak cell signal strength compared to LG Optimus.- Weaker 3G signal strength compared to LG Optimus. Pandora on normal quality setting results in incomplete and looped playback.- 1380mah battery drains very fast (drains 10% per hour in standby with 3G off, GPS off, WiFi off, animations off, haptic feedback off, vibrate off). Optimus has 1500mah battery that I recharge only once every other day.- Light blue hue of the display, like color temp was set to over 6,500k.- Touch screen gets often unresponsive. It takes sometimes 3-4 presses to launch an app.- Calls using speakers result in low volume and echo on the other side.- Calls through ear piece were sometimes reported slightly distorted and low volume.- While listening music, notifications lower the volume of music and it stays low after the notification sound.- Very low call volume overArctic Sound P311 Bluetooth Headset (Black). LG Optimus had no issues at all.- Android keyboard does not auto-correct and auto-suggest, no matter if all settings are set up properly. I recommend downloading Gingerbread Keyboard app from the market which has it working.- Very, very slow GPS satellite acquisition. It takes up to 5 minutes sometimes outdoors.Conclusion:===========The main mobile phone purpose for me is to make good quality calls. Most issues I described are reported to be fixed by custom ROMs, which I will not do. Motorola Triumph was shipped back last morning. In my opinion as it stands now,LG Optimus Vis the best Android smartphone on Virgin Mobile. If you want to stick with Virgin Mobile, I recommend keeping Optimus V. Triumph is not worth the hassle.I hope Virgin will bring more 4.1-4.3" phones. I will test drive Boost Mobile 4.3"ZTE Warp. Boost also offers slick looking 4" Nova DisplayLG Marquee. Knowing that Boost runs on the same Sprint Network and owned by Sprint as Virgin Mobile, I might jump the ship.

I cannot recommend this phone to anyone. It has many defects. It was poorly tested, and is not ready for to be marketed.The phone goes off by itself unexpectedly. The microphone is of extremely poor quality. It produces a lot of feedback and aggravating eco. The volume buttons are on the reverse side of the phone. The screen goes off when you put your hands over the sensor. It is difficult to using on landscape mode. The battery charge life is less than six hours. Reception is poor.Motorola should do a better job testing their products. The best phone I've used is the Samsung Galaxy. I think I will continue to buy Samsung.

This is a really nice phone to use on the really good priced Virgin network, the quality of the phone and speed are really good.But unless you don't care having a battery that dies after no more than 6 hours of regular (not heavy at all) use, stay away from it. I install Juice Defender and that makes it last a little bit longer, but the battery is still a big issue on this phone.

I had the LG optimus v , thought i would get a bigger screen. Big Mistake. This phone does not play youtube or video anywhere nearly as well as the Optimus v, which worked perfect. This motorola is constantly buffering NOT WORTH THE MONEY. P.S. Virgin Mobile is not on the nation wide Sprint network. I traveled to Durango Colorado over Christmas with a friend. He had Sprint and had service all the time. I didn't have service 1/2 the time.

Compared to quite a few phones that were a little less than this this phone is definitely worth the few extra dollars.  With that said I've come to enjoy my Galaxy S2 and S3 a lot more than this phone but we're also talking a lot more money.  When comparing this phone at the time I purchased it has a decent enough internal memory to allow me to install my small apps and keep on txting without worry of having to prune txt logs every few weeks like the other phones.Android is definitely worth it as a lot more apps become available at no to little cost via Google Play.  I'd probably hold out and try to buy a Galaxy S2 but if you can't weight this isn't that bad of a phone.

The Motorola Triumph is the worst phone I've ever used and it's not close.  The battery dies after less than 6 hours, even if you don't use the phone.  The built-in microphone didn't work; I needed to use Bluetooth for anyone to hear me.  The connection to Virgin Mobile dropped regularly, even when another Virgin Mobile phone was right nearby and working perfectly.  And its WiFi radio caused trouble with other devices' WiFi connections, which is something I've never seen from another phone.This product was an embarrassment to Motorola and should never have been released in the marketplace.

I did plenty of research on this phone before I decided it was right for me.I have been a boost customer since I was 16 and now that I'm 23 and currently in the age smartphones,it was time for me to get one.I upgraded from a boost sanyo mirro which I used for 2 years and has'nt let me down.I was going to stick with boost and pick up the zte warp or lg marquee which are also great phones but virgin got me with the 35 dollars a month beyond talk plan.Virgin offers 3 beyond talk plans to fit the pre paid users needs while boost wants 55 a month upfront for the android unlimited which lowers to 40 dollars with 18 on time payments.Boost has a great deal going on but its not for my budget.Virgin has got my service for great beyond talk plan options available to me.Pros:The phone records great video,takes amazing pictures,plays great graphic games,large 4.1 inch screen,video streaming for many websites,android market with many free games and apps,plays mp3s and some video files,good call quality and responsive four main buttons and screen.Cons:Youtube doesnt load videos on a rare basis and sometimes lagg on high quality,the internet is sometimes fast while other times it slows down,had to download anycut to get usb mode working.This is the best virgin has to offer right now and so far I enjoy this phones feautures.Touch screen gaming is a little tough for my big fingers with platform games like sonic but its perfect for angry birds and overhead strategy games like anomally hd.I reccomend this phone for freedom without a contract with beyond talk plan options to fit the users budget and needs.I say no more to being pwned by overpriced contracts and hello to value priced pre paid!
