
I bought this for my daughter as they're limited without having a data plan.  She used it for about a month and went back to her old phone as she wasn't able to answer calls on this one after a few weeks.

Not at all what I expected!

I had a phone stolen and I had no insurance.  I was fortunate that this seller was selling a phone I could afford.  The phone is great for the price.  It was a real life saver considering the phone company wanted to charge upwards of $200 for a refurbished phone.  Plus, the phone was sent fast and activation was super simple.  I will buy from this phone company again.

if i could i would buy this phone for life. it is my favorite and this phone has never failed me not once. any troubles that i have had were my own fault like the time that i left it in my pocket then did laundry.

I love this phone. I had one a couple years ago and I just bought one for my husband to save on our phone bill. He likes it but his fingers are a little large for the buttons. He has gotten used to it and likes it much better. Apple wireless is a great company. I recieved my order quickly.

Once Google changed their privacy policies I decide to return to a basic phone from my Droid X. I wanted an all-touch basic phone for Verizon (requires CDMA) and this is the ONLY phone I could find that fits the bill. I wanted the full virtual QWERTY keyboard as I text more than I talk. This being the most important factor, it holds the most weight with me. I also found this phone is the perfect size for a front pocket, looks great, and had many extras that I thought I wouldn't use but started to once I had them. I bought the Otterbox Commuter series case for it and couldn't be happier with it at first as it did everyting I wanted it to when working properly. However, after a couple weeks the virtual keyboard started malfunctioning making one text message take 5 minutes or more to send out after corrections. I looked the problem up online and it proved to be common. It seems to be luck of the draw with each individual phone. It's frustrating enough to put me back on the hunt for a different phone as I don't want to deal with a series of returns hoping to get a phone without the problem.

I've had this phone for ~3 years and it's served me faithfully up until a few days ago. It always had pretty good call quality, good signal, and a neatly responsive and easily re-calibrated touchscreen. It survived multiple drops from varying heights onto varying surfaces, had been sat on I don't know how many times, gotten wet, gone through the washer, and it only now has started dying. Battery life is still good on it, I only have to charge it about once a week with pretty constant texting/use. The only issues now is degradation of the touch screen's responsiveness, memory problems, and an apparent like of flicking through menus unprompted.I never had any problems with the touch QWERTY keyboard, it always worked great for me, though it was a bit to get used to. It takes good (and adjustable) quality video/sound/pictures, and with a 16GB mini SD card I could fit all the music, pictures and video I wanted on it with plenty of room to spare. It works great as a replacement for an MP3 player, though formatting playlists and getting them to show up is a bit tricky. Sorting by Album, etc. is fine.I never used it for web access, so I have no idea what that's like.Overall, it's been a very solid phone that I really love, which is why I'm buying another one!

after two weeks, the touchscreen is improperly working. i wish i did't buy this @all. i want my money back.

Nice phone.  Not terribly impressed with the camera on it, but it serves it's purpose.  Good for talking and texting.  Simple and Easy to use.

I wish I had done more research before buying a dumb phone. I wanted a non smart phone i could use on a verizon line without data. I thought this would be cool to have. The touch screen is crap. The phone is slow and I wish i would've just bought a flip phone of some sort

I purchased this phone used and it was described as having afew scratches which I expected but it looked brand new when we received it! It was to replace a phone we had that died for our daughter. has sooo many features she loves it! the touch screen keyboard is a little hard to get use to but overall, she has had it for about a month and so far so good!

I had this phone when it first came out years ago. The thing took a real beating, first it fell in my toilet no joke, so I poured bleach on it and then rinsed it off with cold water from the faucet, let it dry for about 3 days and still functioned properly. Next the thing fell outside in a puddle face down screen submerged in water took a few days to dry but still worked. I can't tell you how many times my 3 year old would take it and toss it around drop it. Never used a protective case either for it. Worked for 3 years and screen didn't have any damage to it but the sides of the phone had a lot of Knicks from it constantly being dropped. The calibration was fine, volume, video everything still worked. Then my son decided to put my phone in hot coffee and I thought whew I can just let it dry out again but I was wrong it permanently ruined it. So I ordered a certified refurbished one on amazon and I'm hoping the new one holds up like the last one did.

I recieved the phone the next day! I have not had a problem with it yet! I am very happy with the phone

I just have to say that I am really resisting getting a smart phone.  For more than one reason, but the main reason is because of data plans and cost.  I really don't need the internet on my phone.  I really want a phone that plays my music.  For this reason, this phone is my favorite right now.  This is the fourth one I have purchased and will probably continue to purchase until 'dumb phones' don't work on cell towers anymore.  This phone is useful for me because it has a way to personalize your front screen as well as the ability to listen to radio stations.  It really comes in handy.  Great simple phone.

I love it ,because is touch activated, very practical, and i don't have to purchase an internet plan to use it. To my knowledge one of thevery few basic touch phones.

I have used a chocolate touch now for several years.  I have had two replaced (only kept getting because that was the only phone that the insurance would give me.  Same problems the screen begins t peel and the touch screen eventually stops working (within a six month period each time).  I am able to use my phone via voice only mechanism.  In other words, I can not physically dial any numbers.  I can not text any one or retrieve incoming text messaes.

Great phone works well.

For the price this phone is pretty good but dated... Overall I like it. The touch screen is kinda hard to push but it works for me.

The phone operates alright unless you want to send text messages or picture messages. When typing a text message, the phone often locks up, and picture messages don't send at all. Not recommended.

Just a heads up-- I use my phone only to call and text.  I have never used apps or internet of any kind on a phone and so I don't care that/if the phone doesn't have these features.  Anyways, I'm very happy with the phone.  I had one for about two years before the screen was stepped on and cracked.  I got a new one that has lasted another year so far.  I've never had problems with the touch being off or a poor signal.  My only complaints would be that the lock doesn't do much and so I'm known for being a notorious pocket-dialer, and that the t9 text entry doesn't "learn" words and so you have to retype non-words every time you text them.  Good phone overall!

Excellent!!!  Everything I wanted and more - very ease to use, nice looking phone and compact.  Also bought the case which fit comfortably on my waist buckle for good access.

Great Phone

The product worked just fine, the back of the phone was faulty and would not fit.  I sent it back and I got back the same faulty product.  This is not a good buy.

I use the speaker feature during most conversations.  On this phone, it cannot be used, as the other party can only hear an echo.  The battery does not hold a charge and needs to be charged almost every day.  My last basic phone only needed charging maybe once a week.  Wish I could have given this a better review as it is the only touch screen phone which is not  a smartphone requiring the additional monthly fees.

I was very impressed with their customer service. I broke my old phone and had a business trip in just a few days, but didn't want to deal with the whole new contract/etc. deal with Verizon until I return. Thankfully, I was able to get this phone expedited soon enough for me to have no hassle with Verizon just yet :)

Pleased with the phone and it even came 4 days early. In good condition for being a used phone. Some minor scratches but nothing a new CASE I am going to buy from AMAZON won't be able to cover! This is my first time ever purchasing a "used" phone but if need be, I would do it again. It was a lot cheaper than purchasing a new phone from a Verizon store, b/c my upgrade isn't until later this year. I just activated it today and so far so good. Happy Customer:)

I HAVE PURCHASED ABOUT 6 OF THESE TOUCH SCREEN PHONES AND I AM FIXING TO ORDER ANOTHER ONE.  I HAVE USED THIS PHONE MYSELF AND I LOVE IT!  ACTUALLY, THIS IS ONE OF THE ONLY PHONES I KNOW OF THAT IS TOUCH SCREEN AND YOU DO NOT HAVE TO PAY THAT EXTRA ($30.00 - $35.00)  FOR DATA.  (MAYBE I SHOULD NOT TELL YOU HOW GREAT THESE PHONES ARE, I WILL BE BUYING THESE FROM NOW ON FOR MY HUSBAND SINCE HE WILL NOT USE ANY OTHER PHONE BUT THIS ONE!  I KEEP A FEW EXTRA ONES ON HAND, SINCE I KNOW THESE PHONES WILL SELL FAST!!  GOOD LUCK !

I've had this phone a little over a month and it's been very frustrating.  The touch screen in very unresponsive and often freezes.  Texting is nearly impossible, as the phone does not recognizes the key you're trying to press and goes haywire easily.  Even with a stylus, the phone goes off to nearby keys and it'll take you forever to get  your message across.  Even on the home screen, it will often go everywhere except where you want it to go.  Often, I can't even get the dialpad to show up, so even a simple phone call can be difficult to make. The back lid is also difficult to put on and it doesn't seem to fit properly.  Always looks slightly lopsided and easily falls off.I also didn't care for the seller (cellphones4u) I gave them a poor feedback for packaging and poor quality product and they harrassed me, via text messages (over 40, starting at midnight on the day I wrote the feedback) and then phone calls, until I had to block their number with Verizon.  They made numerous general offers of refund in exchange for my removing the feedback, but I didn't trust them because of their unproffessional behavior and preferred keep the phone and buy a different one from somebody else. This phone has been the stragest shopping experience I've ever had with Amazon,or anyone else, and sadly it's not even worth it.  Verizon has great service, but their handsets stink, unless you want the full data plans, which I really don't need or want.This phone has been horrible.  The only thing good I can say about it is that it has FM radio and it actually takes good pictures.  But I haven't been able to download music onto it, as you'd need to subscribe to V-cast to do so. But again, that's more of a Verizon issue.  When I had AT&T;, I was able to just download it from my music files on my computer.Don't waste your money on this phone.  There's a reason Verizon discontinued it.

I like this phone. It has the touch screen feature without having to pay for a data plan. My daughter loves it.

This was not a &#34;new item&#34; as described. When I contacted the seller the 1st time due to a problem, they had me ship the unit they sold me at MY cost. I asked them to provide the ESN PRIOR to shipping the 2nd unit so that I could verify a clean ESN with VZ. They did not honor my request, mailed me out yet another &#34;refurbished&#34; unit and it stopped working within 18 days. Buyer beware and clarify BEFORE your purchase the condition of the item (I did do that myself, but still got &#34;burned&#34;).

lost mine 2 months ago...was so disappointed because  I thought since it was about 3 years old, I would never be able to buy again. I don't need a fancy phone with all the latest tech.  I was so glad to find it through amazon.  It is simple to use and it's very durable and reliable.  I love the touch keypad.  I won't replace it for a while.

This phone is perfect for me.  It has a lot of features that i do not use but that's OK.  I'm also not an internet kinda person but don't let your service provider tell you they can't hook up this phone without getting internet service.  Not true!!  All they need to do is hook it up with the internet and then put a block on the internet so you don.t have access to it, and the phone works just fine.  No problems so far but  I have only had it since May 2013.

I did a bunch of research to find a replacement phone. I received the phone, had it activiated and it is working GREAT!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND buying a phone from CELLPHONES-4U!!  I am extremely pleased!!! Thank you so much!!

It is just what I need for contacting my family. The phone is easy to use, also in storing all pictures that I take. The clarity of the  phone is great.  It also has many features on this phone.

Liked the phone was rated as like new when I go it the charging door was gone the the screen had a wear spot in the middle of the screen u can't see through not the phones fault phone works great but was not represented correctly by the seller

So far so good.  Looks good.  Does what it's supposed to.

Needed a decent phone for my mother (60's) that didn't require a data plan and this is perfect.  She says texting with it is easy and she doesn't have any complaints.

I love this phone the touch screen is so easy and this is my first touch screen phone

my son cracked the screen in less than a month not a good phone for a mature ten year old.

after two month the phone went real bad and now doesn't work.  Personally i do not think the phone was new.  I feel i was ripped off.  Now i know why i didn't want to order through amazon.

Its a nice basic phone. It looks really nice. It just not to easy to use and I hate texting on it. If I could I wouldnt pick this phone. Its touch for texting and all the time it pushes wrong letters. Its totally annoying

I purchased the telephone and to date is hasn't worked without some sort of static. It has static when texting and talking. Tried to return phone for one without static, but vendor has not replied to my last 2 emails.

It's a decent phone. It works well for our teen and doubles as am mp3 player. The touch screen is a little iffy.

I bought this for my wife for a Christmas present as her old phone was breaking and she had told me how much she enjoyed this phone. Its a great deal for the price, came in the box looking brand new. Haven't had any problems with it so far, and it was a great price.

I can't get the back to fit properly...I have tried several different ways but it just won't slide up into position.  It took me a couple of hours to transfer my phone numbers, but that is the case with any new phone unless you take it into a verizon store and have them transfer for you....I didn't want to wait in line so I just did it myself...haven't really had it long enough to rate the performance.

The phone didn't function like it was suppose too.The buttons wouldn't work correctly. I was very dissatisfied with the chocolate touch phone.

Bought for my teenage daughter and she loves it. Works great and it holds up to being dropped well , would buy again

I have owned 2 of these phones for over 3 years now and no problems. In the past, my phones would barely make it past a year. Will be upgrading soon to get more features but these worked great.

I've had a chocolate touch for years and I love it so when my screen was cracked I decided to get another one. Unfortunately when I tried to activate it I was informed by Verizon that the phone had been flagged as stolen. Thankfully Amazon has been great and they refunded my money. Beware when purchasing used phones!

I can't speak to the quality of the phone because it didn't ship with a battery. It doesn't say it has one, but I had assumed I would be able to use when it arrived .

Bought this phone because I wanted a touchpad phone and I did not 'need' a smart phone. I only talk and text. I knew it was geared towards being a music centric model, but i did not care... I just wanted a touch phone with a querty keypad. Once you turn it on it will offer a 'touch sensitive' test, which seemed like a great idea and I did so. After playing with it for just 15 minutes I found the pad to be very unresponsive. I made the decision right then that I would go with a smart phone as they are not that much more money than this phone. (Droid, etc.)Could just be me.. but as there are carriers out there now that do not require data plans (or very inexpensive ones offered) I suggestyou go that way.

This phone is a great phone i love it is so easy for me to use. I hope this phone stays around for people like me who needs a easy phone to operate.

I received item quickly. Description noted &#34;new&#34; so thought I was getting something different. Not sure if it was reconditioned which would certainly upset me as I would not have purchased it. Also, there was no item booklet included or even a quick overview with it. Big trouble opening battery compartment to insert the battery had to watch a you tube video to familiarize myself with the phone.

Writing this review because most of the reviews I see either love or hate the phone. Since me, my mom, and little sister all got this phone I thought people on  here would find it interesting to see how all these phones turned out. We got them in October of 2010 so here's how they turned out:My little sister who had broken a screen on a phone previous (and got a replacement) broke this one in about 4 months. Definitely not a good one for young kids. She went and got a different phone, which she liked more, but also broke. So this was more negligence than actual wear and tear.My mom has had the phone and it works great but she doesn't use it very often. Typical use is an occasional text and phone calls. Has good service in a bad area (where only Verizon works) so its pretty typical there. She had a battery problem at one point (only lasting 1 day with no use) but somehow the phone corrected itself. It typically can last a week when not used very often. (just calls, texting, check your email quick etc)My experience was a bit more hectic. I got it my senior year of high school and used it excessively. Even more than my little sister who was a freshman. However I took good care of it and it never got any sort of damage or even noticable scratches. The phone appears to be pretty fragile so it would be a good idea to buy a case to put on it if you are considering buying it. I have dropped my phone a good 4-5 times in its lifetime from about shoulder height and it held out with a case over it, not sure i would've been so lucky without a case.Generally not a bad phone. It is one of the few phones left that still has video and is cheap to get. Its picture/video sending capabilities leave much to be desired. It can take upwards of 5 minutes occasionally to send a simple picture message in very good phone areas which is a bit ridiculous. The games this phone can play are plentiful but cost a lot. I do not buy any of them I only play the free ones but i'll say free the ones (or demos) actually are not that bad. So as an alternative to a smartphone this phone can handle this if you're willing to pay the price. For texting i have a complaint, its pretty handy to be able to use both a number pad (like an old phone) or you can set it to keyboard like a new phone so its the best of both worlds, however it DOES NOT remember new words. Ever. It remembers for about 3-7 days so if you use the keyboard for a unique word not already in its WORD database it will remember for a week at the most. Pretty disappointing, its generally better to use the keyboard because of that odd problem.The huge problem with this phone: the touchpad. It uses touch-resistant technology. In other words, it wears out over time, pretty cheap technology. You have to be very gentle to make it last, my little sister broke her phone because she touched so hard she wore it out and it wouldn't feel any touches anymore. (in other words, she pressed the screen and it didn't register) So she started using an actual pen (yeah, brilliant idea....) to touch it hard enough that it would feel it, because punching it was her alternative and that wouldn't have worked out either. Well one time she pressed it a little too hard and the pen went through the screen and smashed the phone. Verizon wouldn't fix it either because it was her fault for breaking it. She hated them and the phone for this and got something completely different, end of story for her.Mine did the same thing as hers, wouldn't register anymore after about a year. I was pretty gentle with it so it lasted well against the barrage of texts I created and sent with it. However it got bad after about 10 months, in the summer following it basically wouldn't work anymore. So I got rougher with it and pressed much harder to get it to work. All was fine for about another month and then I guess my hard pressing killed it in that short period of time. Suddenly it started pressing things on its own! Even in the night it would press itself on and keep the light going and kill the battery. I guess it lost the "touch resistance" it once had and was registering touches that never existed. It was pretty bad, I tried to text and it instead texted gggggggggggggggg for me. Very hard to explain to people. So I called up Verizon and complained, so they shipped me a new phone free (excluding battery, you have to use your old one, they are cheap like that) but luckily got the phone I still use today. At this point I went to college and didn't text nearly as much and so the phone has lasted me ever since, however it is starting to press buttons on its own and starting up applications randomly. So it might die before October. Keep in mind the warranty (if you get it at the store with a 2 year plan) is only for 1 year so i'm kind of doomed if it dies again unless I switch to an older phone.A decent phone overall. Very good if you don't use it much, just occasionally. My mom's phone acts like its brand new even though its over a year and a half old. Good battery life for a touchphone, and gets things done. I DO NOT recommend getting a data plan. My mom, little sis, and I got 10$ plans with it and we never use it. Its just not that useful. Its kind of ridiculous that we pay 30$ a month for something we don't use. Typical scam of Verizon here, just buy it online (hence why this review is on amazon) and not get a 2 year plan with MANDATORY data plan. To be honest I only use the internet on it for email. Thats it. It can be used for facebook but its not very good, just get on a computer. The only real use of it for everyone is that you can google search with it. THATS IT. Only use for its internet. It can browse websites but it can be hard to navigate, its pretty impractical.Sorry this review is so long but I felt a detailed description of experiences and features with this phone would do it some good. Probably too old now that no one even buys it anymore.EDIT: It is now October 2 years after I originally got this kind of phone. I've had the replacement phone (after the first broke) for a year and 3 months and its still good as new like my moms phone which is now 2 years old. Only difference is battery life has diminished greatly, however not as badly as one would assume. Both used to last about a week but now only last 1-4 days depending on how much usage. (1 day if used a lot, 4 if no usage). Not as bad as some phone batteries get after 2 years though. To me as long as it lasts longer than 24 hours i'm happy, and its not failed that except one time I had to sit and wait for a couple hours and had to play the free demo games, but you can expect any 2 year old phone to die after 4 hours of game usage.If you want the newest technology, skip this phone. Its an "outdated" phone now and doesn't support many things people want/expect from a phone. Only a couple  "apps" that are useful and free, no new games, or even a high quality touchscreen (or even fingerprint resistant touchscreen).However I prefer to use my computer for everything that people want to use their phone to do. Games, internet browsing, fancy apps, this phone isn't practical for those, I only use it to occasionally do a google search and to do email, just like before. Nothing changed, those truly are the only uses for its data, so if you can avoid data do so. I use less data than it costs per megabyte anyways so its wasted money. The texting is good if you can touch a virtual keyboard you can only see, and for voice this phone is great.If you do not want a fancy phone, but want a touchscreen (or to try out a touchscreen), and something reliable that won't die in a year (unless with excessive usage or great carelessness) you can get this phone. My upgrade is due but I'm not upgrading anytime soon. I'm pretty happy with this phone and will probably use it til it literally falls apart and save the upgrade. No need to fix what isn't broken.EDIT: May 2013New thing i have found. Games for it. I finally decided to hunt thoroughly in all game categories and get every free game and try it out.For the most part all of them are a bit sub-par in many ways. Speed, graphics, and a critical out of memory error are all slight pains you have to deal with when it comes to the games provided. I'll explain in detail..The speed and graphics just need a pretty simple explanation. This phone has been out roughly 5 years old now. You can't have high expectations for it. It runs okay for most games but certain ones with lots of detail and use lots of memory will slow it down drastically.Basically the main problem with this phone in regards to it's games is the OOM (out-of-memory) error that people seem to get on older computers or on newer ones in which they haven't put enough RAM into the computer. I'm not quite a computer expert yet (I've never had a computer give me this error so I've never researched it, just heard of it) but i believe it has something to do with the RAM of the phone. In other words the phone has to store the game that is running in memory and if you don't have enough memory it won't work. Since i use 80 mb of it's 100 mb to hold everything so that may just be a problem for me because I've filled it so full. So in simple terms don't fill it up too full or games won't work. The easy fix that works almost every time for this error is to shut off the phone and turn it back on and it'll work any game that gives this error.I'd give names of games but I don't think I am allowed on a review. But basically I've found 20 or so games that are rather simplified in format. In simplest terms most of the good games for this phone are either card game programs like black jack or poker, or construction games where you build cities (or zoos, or a farm, you get the idea) they all "encourage" you to buy an in-game currency so in order to fully enjoy most games on this phone you need to be an okay gamer in regards to smart constructing, or be good at cards to never run out of chips (or GUM in the poker game) so you can have hours of waiting made bearable by games from this phone. The main trick is finding them. I just barely found them and I've had the phone for years! I searched before but just missed the good ones. You have to devote an hour or two to find all the free games amongst all the lame ones that cost 5.00 a piece.Finally an update on the phones again. Not a whole lot has changed except battery problems. My moms phone still lasts 1 day on a charge and hasn't changed. Mine used to last a few days now I get just 2 days or 3 if I'm not using it at all. Both touch-screens still work. My little sister has seen the games I've just got on it and now she wants to buy a new one from here so she can get them! She still uses the Samsung Intensity 2 as a replacement phone. Which by the way I will mention briefly is an absolutely abysmal phone. I'm going to write a review on that one. My little sister has broke 2 of them, and my girlfriend who was always super careful with hers all the time accidentally got it wet once and it broke. Most phones are like that hence why I've devoted time and effort to this review so that people know this one stands out a bit from the crowd (as long as you don't smash the screen with a pen at least) I've been a bit careless with it and dropped it a few times in the last while but it still works. Mine is 2 years old now and my mom's is almost getting to be about 3 years old now in October. Batteries are deteriorating more and more but since they always last at least 24 hours we can't complain.Final update: After 4 years of using this phone. Me and my mom have finally retired this phone to upgrade. It should be noted that even though we are finally replacing these phones we did use them for a double cycle (we should've got a new phone in between since upgrades come every 2 years) but this phone was good enough we never worried about it. At the end however was when we finally did upgrade. I still had issues with it pressing buttons occasionally in the night and then lighting up to drain the battery, but it wasn't a big deal because I don't need my phone during college classes so i'd just leave it to charge while i was at class and come back and THEN start using it.Well we finally started having a few problems so we decided to upgrade at last. Mine was that the pressing things on its own got excessive. It opened up games (the free ones I had) that had in game currency that would have to be paid for through your bill. Well i never bought this currency so in a sense these games were free. Well on two very unlucky occasions this phone opened up two different games (out of 10 of the free ones you can get) and purchased two different 10.00$ packages. I had been playing these games for over a year to 2 years and had most definitely completed these games and had no need to spend money on them. But Verizon didn't believe me. In fact they don't believe me when I say it would open up programs on it's own. Let alone purchase things. They did refund ONE of the purchases though to make us leave them alone. I immediately deleted all the games and that was the end of that mishap.My mom's also started having trouble with this "ghost" touches. Hence why we finally upgraded. While I learned to adapt to ghost touches she however could not. She got quite annoyed when she was writing a message and would have to occasionally hit clear to get rid of a ghost letter popping up. So we finally upgraded.So the greatest conclusion i can come up with for this phone is that it is an excellent basic phone and in my opinion one of the best. I'm not sure if the 10$ data plan is still mandatory but if it's not this is unquestionably a great phone and one of the best "basic" phones you'll ever find. I cannot confirm if it requires the 10$ data plan or not. If it does it's just a great phone but doesn't need the data plan. If it can be a basic phone I think it is one of the best based on experiences from people using roughly 10-15 other different basic phones.Just know that usage will determine it's life. So here's the sumup from my experiences and my families. It's not guaranteed but using 4 of them (3 of us and 1 replaced) gives a good idea:Excessive use: 1 year of life from touchscreenHeavy use: Will last 2 yearsModerate use: 3 years before replacingLight use: 4 yearsThis is assuming you are gentle to the touchscreen. If you are not careful to make it last it won't make it post 6 months.

after ordering the 2 Razars i almost gave up than this phone showed up my husband LOVES it and the case was good it needs a top or side closer

My wife has had this phone multiple times and she really likes it, I surprised her with a much needed replacement. Its worked great.

Got this for my 12 year old son. He wanted a touch screen, I wanted something cheap enough in case he lost it. This fit the bill to a tee!! He loves the phone and I loved the price!

Takes almost a year to text anything with this phone. The combination of a resistive touch screen with an onscreen keyboard is your worst nightmare. That would all be fine and dandy, but after 2 months the digitizer on the phone kicked the bucket. It only worked on one side of the screen and then stopped working all together. I've been nothing but gentle with it.

Very pleased with this phone. The quality is very good. It has met our expectations in every way. Thank you.

Love this phone! This phone does not require a data package.Very easy to operate. Takes great pictures!I would highly recommend this phone

the phone I received did not work and I had to send it back.When making a phone call the other person on the other line could not hear me.

I love this phone!Its not a smart phone and its not the bulky dumb phone.It fits easily in my pocket and I dont have to spend a fortune each month smart phone fees.I guess I should be another on in case I lose this one, ( like I did with the last one).LG--BRING BACK THIS PHONE.

I love the phone over all, especially because, I don't need to purchase a data package. I would recommend this phone to anyone that is not interested in a data package. I just love my new phone.

Its not a smart phone but it does everything I need a phone to do. It is a replacement for the one that I previously owned.

Keypad easy to use, the size is great for my palm and my pocket.  Speaker feature is good ( but not great ) when I need to be hands-free.

I love the phone and mine work real well I like all the things you can do with it. However my daughter got her phone at the same time but hers would not program like mine did  so we returned it for a another one and they sent her money back and did not send another phone which we wanted them to do. We were both very disappointed.

This phone is a horrible phone. I would not recommend this for any one . It won't work with any thing

Exactly as I anticipated. Great condition and serve the purpose I needed it too. I would order again in the future.

This cell phone does require a data package with verizon. Not sure if the cell is worth the cost yet. Disappointed in VA!

love  this phone asead to purchback comes off easy but I love it did not come with the stylus pen h

Received quickly, and as described.  Activated very quickly. So far very satisfied with this non data require online. We brought three of them.

This phone is so crappy please do not waste you money on it. The touch screen is so bad you will get frustrated. Not worth it.

love love love my new phone........ its awesome. so happy that i ordered it. i got my son one and loved his so much that i ordered me one too.

Unable to us the phone as the touchscreen was broken. I have sent them a note and awaiting there response....stay tuned

I bought this cell when it first came out from Verizon Wireless as a basic phone plan. I have had it for over two years now and I have literally beat the crap out of it and eventually all good cell phones have their areas where they go. With Verizon telling me they will be getting rid of the basic phones and forcing people to charge outrageous prices a month for data plans. I have decided to just go ahead and buy this cell phone brand new again because it has worked so well for me and looks stylish and new like those expensive data phones. Plus with it being older I can easily find accessorizes on amazon to purchase for cheap such as cases : ) so i am very happy to be ordering this soon as my lazy butt gets to it ... Verizon you suck for screwing over your customers who dont need flashy, internet cell phones! : )

I purchase this phone for my mom and she loves it. This phone is easy to use and she doesn't need all the features that comes with other phones. But all in all, she is very satisfied..... Thanks Amazon you all are great!!!

The Verizon Chocolate Touch was the first phone I ever received. I'm a teenager and I absolutely loved this phone. Sure it didn't have internet on it or it wasn't an iPhone or a smartphone but I was able to easily text on it, receive picture and regular text messages easily, and talk on the phone. I never had any glitches with it and it was pretty durable after I dropped it many times over the course of 2 years. A few months ago I upgraded to an Android smart phone. All I can say is I want my Chocolate Touch back. As a college student I was ready for a new and improved phone-a smartphone. A phone that had GPS and internet to help me while I was away at college. Now, my android does all those fancy things and more but is extremely glitchy and slow. Today, the phone screen started moving up and down without me even having to touch the screen! That just tells you how spazzy it is. It started doing weird abnormal things less than a month after I first got it. Now I know smart phones will have issues but that is ridiculous. Even though the Chocolate Touch is not a smartphone, it is so much better on every level (except not being able to see conversations and autocorrect like on smartphones). It doesn't glitch and it's simple. I also rarely had to charge my Chocolate. I charged it probably once a week and I texted a lot and used my phone constantly. I'm not against smartphones-I think they are awesome (especially iPhones) but for anyone looking for a regular phone with a touch screen this is a good choice. My mom has the same phone and it's not giving her any issues and she's had it for 3 years.

This was the worst phone I have ever owned.  I have owned several LG phones, but this one was the worst.  This phone has many manufacturer errors.  The screen is too small. It loses your information at random. There are no programs/apps/etc. for this phone.  The signal strength is horrible no matter where you are.  When you look at the specs it sounds like a great phone, but it doesn't pull of everything the specs indicate because it's never working.  I had to replace this phone four times and it still never worked and I ended up throwing it into a wall.

I have two Chocolate Touch phones, and I love this model.  I don't want an expensive smartphone.  This one has a cheap data pack and will check e-mail and browse, and do GPS, but I don't even have the data pack any more.  I use it for texting, for calendar, for alarm, for notes, for photographs, and, hey, for a phone!  My older one I've had for 2.5 years and the other one for a little less than 2.  One is being used by someone else in the family, so I got a new one.I text constantly, and have never had a problem with the touch screen on either phone.  I have noticed lately the battery doesn't last three days any more, but I'm ordering a new one and it does still last all day.  I don't plan to get a new phone until, and unless, this one bites the dust.

This phone did everything I wanted without a data package from Verizon. Some of the reviews I read said that it does require the package but they were wrong. When you activate it there is box to check that says no to data.The phone it's self came earlier than promised and was just as described. It did not have a manual, but it was easy to download one off the internet. The price was fair and the service was fast. I am very satisfied.

love the phone droped it a few times and it held up wonderful easy to use would get another one if I ever had too

i just got my phone chocolate , i really enjoy it i can see better the screen, and it easy to touch  yah

Phone screen went black after 2 weeks. Touch screen is hard to use. Seller wouldn't return because it was 3 days after  the 30 day guarantee. Waste of money for a "brand new" phone.

I am not happy with the phone. it is very hard to tex on this phone. just do not care for it.

This new phone does not have a back that fits properly on itLove my original ChocolateAwesome features without have to pay for Wi-FiJust replace the battery not the entire phone

I love this phone.  I had one and after 4 years I needed to replace the phone.  After checking what was available I decided to order the same phone again. I am very happy I did just that.

Its okI have to bang on the screen to text.Good pictures. Has a radio that's coolI have dropped it twice and it still works'

This phone has no sound, it did not ring or vibrate. I took it into Verizon and he confirmed that the speaker is broke

Good phone for the price. Nice that you don't have to have data package. Bought this for my daughter and she likes using it.

Next step is a smartphone when i give in to paying for monthly data service. The touch screen is terrible for texting and it's connections are very inconsistent.

Very nice going to order a other color

I purchased this phone, new from verizon.  this phone did not manage to last a year before the touchscreen completely broke and from day 1 it had issues... it would say you pressed where u did not random portions of the screen were inaccessible most of the time.  the voice commands worked thats about it... Verizon service is horrible calls cut in and out once u get 2 miles outside of any major town, and the only thing worse is there customer service... i tried to bring the phone in a dozen times because the touch screen was unresponsive and re-calibrating it did not fix it, often i could not even calibrate it then test and have the accuracy readings even semi close... it was a waste of time and money and i advise everyone to stay away from this phone. save yourself time and hassle switch to something reliable with a reliable company...

i first got this phone as a upgrade for the musicgetting it on the phone was a bit finicky but it works good when i got it onand i don't use the internet but it is an option for this phonei may be wrong but think this phone is a pre smart phone you cant scan upc codes or anything like that but you can go on the internet for basic functionsas far as the texting i do a little and it does get weird sometimes but change the screen guard and good to goi too feel Verizon is forcing people to spend more for smart phonesi watch my daughter try to get the internet on her blackberry and all she got was frustrationso i will use this phone as a phone and a little texting and my music  for those function its a great phonePSLG VX8575 Chocolate Touch Body Glove BodyGlove Snap on Case - 9128801: get the body glove for it 6.00 cheap and they work great

WELL THE OTHER REVIEW I READ WAS NOT MY EXPERIENCE AT ALL! I CURRENTLY STILL HAVE MY TOUCH CHOCOLATE AND AM LOOKING FOR A NEW ONE SINCE VERIZON STORES QUIT STOCKING THEM! THIS IS THE MOST SIMPLE TOUCH PHONE AND HAS THE BASICS. I DIDN'T WANT APPS ECT OR TO PAY $30 EXTRA PER MONTH FOR APPS. THIS PHONE HAS NEVER BEEN ANYTHING BUT GOOD TO ME....SOOO YOU NOW HAVE 2 COMPLETELY DIFFERENT VIEWS ON THE CHOCOLATE TOUCH. I LOVE IT AND AM TRYING TO BUY ANOTHER. GOOD LUCK MAKING A DECISION.

Not a bad phone at all. I use it a lot and the battery life seems to be pretty decent. However, talk time seems to be pretty short lived. The only complaints I have about this phone is that when texting, the T9 does not learn nor does it know a lot of words I use frequently. Examples include: didn't, wasn't, aren't, isn't, and sometimes it will know the word, but won't allow you to add ed to the end of it. Overall, I'm happy. You get used to the texting thing and it really isn't too big of a deal. I would recommend this phone

this product does exactly what I needed it to do. It's easy to navigate thorough this phones menu. I also like the size of the screen. It's also very portable and light weight.

Good basic phone nothing fancy really.  Good if you want a simple phone for calls and texts only.  It works for me but if you are looking for more you may be disappointed.

If you are just looking for a basic phone with no data plan to pay for this is your best choice. Its slick, very easy to use, and it looks like a smartphone so people wont be asking you &#34;how old is that thing? When you just bought it a month ago&#34; 30 Seconds to transfer my old phone to this one. Just had to call *228 on it and follow a couple commands and everything was set. If i lose or break a phone again im going to buy this one again. Also it has nice features, lots of memory and the battery lasts a week, using it everyday.

I love it! Had no problems with it so far had it for about 6 months. The only hard thing is getting used to no key board but after a few days you've got it down. Great phone especially for teenagers who want a smartphone but can't have one

Great phone, i like the touch screen and it looks pretty cool too. However, i was pretty shocked when i went to activate it and discovered it actually DID require a data plan, when the product description said it didnt. This is because verizon changed their rules or whatever, so just a heads up. Otherwise, I'm happy.

I was not happy with what Verizon had to offer for phones that did not require a data package. I stumbled on this Chocolate and absolutely love it! It has enough "new" features to keep me happy and has all capabilities if I did want to venture in getting the internet someday.  I was not aware the camera does not have flash, but the other camera features make up for it. Easy to navigate, fantastic speakers for music, not heavy and bulky.

It's perfect for me..simple. Great for work because in the past when hinges on my other phones have busted it ruined it.

I have had the same LG Chocolate Touch for three years.  Not a single problem.  I think it is a great phone.  The selling point for me was the FM tuner.  It was the only phone I could find at Verizon that had an FM tuner.  I don't understand why all of the new phones use an app for FM radio which requires streaming and using data(...DUH....)The virtual keyboard has worked well.  It is a small phone and it doesn't take up much space nor does it weight much.  I just bought an identical phone for a backup if something happens to this one.  I hope if I activate it a year from now that Verizon will still honor my plan.  For an extra $10 a month I get 250 text messages and get web mail with some internet access to boot.  With my educator discount I pay $50 a month for this.

My daughter has been using this phone for 2 months now. She really likes it better than the last phone she had-a Brightside. The touch screen is more resistant than the Brightside is so it took some getting used to.  Brightside is too sensitive and both my daughter and husband hated theirs from day one.

The phone is a good phone for anyone who does not need a data pack. the keypad sometimes freezes up but over all a dandy phone, easy to use.

I've owned this phone for over two years! I've never had a problem with it. The touch feature is easy and simple and I have been able to load tons and tons of music on it which makes it very enjoyable on several occasions. I don't plan on changing phones any time soon.

This phone is a great size, light weight, easy to use with plenty of features. I'm still not sure why it requires a data plan since it is not a smart phone.

Touch screen stopped working after 3 months of use.  While in the process of sending in to LG for repairs (under warranty), found that the S/N # and the MEID HEX number do not match what should be listed if it was a new phone.  JUST BEWARE!!!  I've learned my lesson.

I like that this is a "smart phone" without the extra fees. the only bad thing about this phone is that the touch screen when texting is the worst that I have experienced.overall good.

worth the money, gets the job done, no dropped calls, good signal strength, hi is very happy, he works in contruction and didnt want a fancy high tech phone around the environment he is in. he has a i pad to use if needed.

My son loves this phone, his was broken and then put in water. He is not eligable for upgrade until 2015 so this was a great solution, price was great and saved us hundreds on having to purchase a new phone from our provider.

Got the phone today and it would not make calls.  Verizon &#34;tried&#34; their best they said to get the phone to talk to the servers but actually what they tried to do was get me to buy a smart phone.  Hopefully the next phone I buy will actually work.

Arrived ahead of the estimated time. Came in original box with battery, wall charger, car charger, and computer connector. It's a nice looking phone, with a sharp looking screen. I had to push very hard to get the back too seat into place. The screen is controlled by pressure instead of heat sensitive. Because of that, scrolling is a challenge and can be very frustrating. If you want to search through your contacts, for example, you have to do a lot of swiping with no movement until suddenly it moves to far and you have to repeat the process to go the other direction. I have two prepaid smart phones I seldom activate, but scrolling on them is a whole lot easier, I mean smooth. I have always used basic flip phones with Verizon and decided to try a different style of phone that still worked on a basic plan. While the phone seems to work well enough, I will probably get tired of the scrolling problem eventually and try another phone. If a person isn't into the latest and greatest phones, you can get great buys thru Amazon on the older models. Update: When you go to your contacts a key board pops up. I wondered why it did, so instead of removing it like I was doing, I pushed a letter and bingo up jumped my contacts starting with that letter. That solved the scrolling issue as far as my contacts are concerned. Update: After using the phone for awhile I decided I liked it well enough to get another one as a backup while they are still available.

I bought this LG Vx8575 twice, as a basic phone to replace my daughter's lost phone. Both of the phones were advertised as NEW. The first one the cover did not fit, I could not close it, and the phone didn't power on so I had to return it. My daughter wanted similar LG phone because it is touch screen phone so we ordered another one. The back cover for 2nd phone was oversized cover that didn't fit the phone, so we bought a phone cover to hold it together then after 2 days of use it died - it didn't even power on or off.  I had to return both phones to the sellers for a refund. Save yourself some time and buy anything else but this phone. THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK!

At one time this phone was considered a smart phone. It is no longer considered one but it will not activate by phone or on line. You will have to call Verizon and they set it up so you can activate without a data plan. Excellent phone.

Everything you want in a non-smart phone with touch screen. I had a brand new smart phone and went back to the Chocolate because I liked it so much better.

I wanted a phone that was trendy yet not too basic looking. My last phone was one of those slide the keyboard types and the keypad was not working so texting was a real pain. This LG is a real touch phone. I need it just for texting and speaking - don't need anything more and don't need a phone with all the other features that I do not use and paying for them too. I prefer to use those other wifi options on my computer. The LG arrived 2 days after I ordered it, well before the given delivery time, and I started using it immediately. Seems as if you have to phone in an activation these days and not dial the three digit activation code but that went smoothly also. If you are not fussed about being too high tech with your phone, this is the one to choose. It is trendy enough to look like the smart phone but basic enough to do just that - basic communication.23rd April: one thing to note is that this does not have a QWERTY keyboard that is the downside. The touch screen blacks out but seems to be motion sensitive when I am needing to dial 1 for this and 2 for that in those recordings.29th April: While texting the other day I noticed that if you turn the phone 'landscape' the keyboard becomes QWERTY so my concerns about that are over. I keep discovering these things about the phone. If only it came with a manual.....it would save the time trying to learn all the functions.11th May: Just a little more information. If you purchase this phone, be sure to charge it with the cables and power cord provided. I connected mine to my laptop to charge and it did but when I disconnected it, I could not use it so I plugged in with its own power cord and that corrected the problem. I also just this minute found out that this phone is discontinued by LG. Be sure to download the drivers for it to your computer. Seems they are still providing support because the drivers are still on their website.21st June: In response to a customer question, I thought I should put this information in my main review. When I got this phone I thought I was getting a 'basic' phone for talk and text only. I am charged a $10 internet access fee because the phone supports 3G connections. I do not use it for the internet so I am not happy about that. The touch screen is slow to respond sometimes and when trying to scroll it either opens what you are touching or flies all the way through several pages bypassing the item one may be looking for.

Really like the touch screen on this phone.  Had a little trouble learning using it at first but after reading the manual on line it didn't take long and I became a pro.

The LG chocolate recived from Applewireless worked perfectly. I decided to purchase a second one and was happy with the second one also. would definitley purchase and recomend this supplier to others.

love the phone, lots of features, awesome camera, screen a bit touchy but other than that it no complaints--good solid phone

Was upset that the charger isn't compatable with the phone that was shipped to me..and it didn't come with a manual... But I love the phone.

This phone does everything I need from a phone, it makes calls, takes photos, and I can text with a full keyboard. When the battery from this one dies, I will probably look for another one to purchase. This is my second Chocolate phone.

I have had the phone for approx 6 weeks.  The touch screen is hard to manipulate, have to use a stylus to text because the key pad is too small. I wouldn't recommend this phone.

If you've no need for smartphone features (or monthly fees) this basic phone is the answer to your communication needs. It has great sound quality, ease of use, and a removeable SD card for data and media storage. It is light, durable, and has very good battery life. Verizon provides a wide variety of useful aps.

the phone as far as appearance was great, but the touch screen is not in the best condition, it is really hard to press and most times the correct button is difficult to press.

it shipped it one day and got here in a few days later awesome so it was seriously super quick

Although this cell is an older phone, the quality is perfect.  I love it..I usually don't  need instructions for just aboutanything.  I definitely did not for this product.  It is very easy to use, and has loads of great screen features, withbrilliant color.  Try this phone, you WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!

the phone is too touching I cannot use the phone at all it takes forever to even type in a telephone number

THis phone was amazing! It was my first phone. I went from a Motorola Razr and was kind of wanting a cooler phone. When I first saw it, I was like "omg such a cheap touch screen phone, it's better than a Razr". The phone was amazing! Anyways, the phone is really sleek and thin, and pretty light. I could put it in my pocket and completely forget I had a phone in my pocket! The touch screen can be a little annoying when trying to type or sometimes even call, but that was just a minor problem. Call quality is overall good. It does get a little disoriented once in a while, and reception is hard to find in remote areas like Alaska, or even while hiking here near SFO. We got this phone with the 75 M.B./month plan so we got alot of features like mobile email and internet. But you still have to pay for things like V.Z. Navigator. But I wouldn't recommend this phone for people with the basic talk and text plan. Also, Internet with Bing was a little sluggish. All in all, this phone is a great phone. I would really recommend you to buy it!

Verizon's store did NOT have and would NOT order my LG Chocolate replacement after the one I had for YEARS unfortunately broke. Rather, the Corporate and retail shops suggested I either upgrade to an expensive new plan or just go online and order it (thanks for the help?).  So finally with being ignored and humilated I decided I would do just that (they were not going to get me down, the LG Chocolate is the "BEST PHONE EVER" for women with small hands and carpel tunnel issues)!!  I went to Amazon.com and there the little beauty was BRAND NEW!!!  And for a GREAT price!!!  I was so excited and over joyed I could hardly stand it!  Ordering was easy and shipment was fast!!!  I'm so VERY Happy and now AMAZON has A NEW FAN!!!  Oh yeah, you know all those "LIKES" you see on Facebook?  Now I know why there everywhere, and I just joined them!!!  Thank you, Amazon and NO thank you Verizon assistants!!  Perhaps they should LISTEN to their customers!!!

this is a nice phone not bulky. only knock is Im a bigger guy and touch screen is a little small other than that.its been great so far.shipping was on time and packaging was as described.

I hate this phone! My dad got it for me and my brother as replacements for our phones that got stolen and broken, i have nothing but problems the  backing of the phone wouldn't stay on, i finslly got sick of it and am useing ducktape on my phone.  I have had problems with the screen since day one and its getting worse. It can take s.d cards..... it deleted 6mega bites of photos and music i was livid! This phone makes me so mad! I dont recommend it.

Ordered a "new" LG Chocolate Touch Phone and after trying repeatedly to download anything found out thru my verizon store that it was previously owned by 2 other people. I was told that the phone has a serious fault and is basically only good for making and receiving calls and texts. No web. Contacted the Accessory Distributor and was told I had to return MY BUSINESS phone before they would ship me a new one. That would mean I would be out of a phone for well over a week. They had No sympathies and refused to make any compensations with me. Seriously doubt if I will ever deal with or recommend Amazon again.

Great phone !

This is pretty much an old style cell phone with a makeshift touch screen fashioned on top of it.Things I liked:-Layout of the physical buttons. Everything felt in place and solid.-How when you hold the phone up to your ear, the screen turns off.-I dropped it many times and swam with in in the pool for about an hour. It still works today.-It takes decent photos in good light.Things I disliked:-Touch screen is pretty much a joke. Especially for people with fat fingers. Don't think it will improve your productiveness.-Video camera is a joke.-I don't know why, but the audio quality sounds terrible through headphones.Overall, the fact that it is a touch screen doesn't make it a smart phone. It has the same features as any other cheap phone from the past 5 years, except you can poke this one.

Very good condition is a stretch for the amount of scratches on this phone.  A more accurate description would have been; decent, average, or simply used.  Very good condition made me imagine something slightly used.  This phone has alot of miles on it.  Soon as I opened the envelope and bubble wrap first thing I thought was I needed to disinfect the thing.  And another thing.  You should ship a cell phone in abox not an envelope.I have yet to activate the phone.  As long as it will activate and work Ill leave my review at 3 stars.  Which is more than fair given the phones condition.

Looks great and it has many good features.  It is the perfect no data phone! Very happy with my purchase.

I know this phone is an older phone, but I happen to love it.  It has everything I like and does not cost much to keep monthly.  I especially love that it can record videos.

I bought and the buttons would start moving by itself. I couldnt text cuz it would start pushing different letters and couldnt really make calls. very frustrating.

I couldn't believe I could get a brand new phone for this price.  Better than trying to find something used on craigslist.

first off I bought this phone from (FAST LANE WIRELESS) the first phone we received could not be activated for some reason. I notified seller about the problem they sent out a replacement right away the replacement phone was activated but had a problem with the battery & aps & internet. I notified seller again they offered to replace it or refund my money,i took the refund. fast lane wireless customer service is great, they respond very quick to any problems you might have, and will do whatever it takes to make things right. I'm 100% happy dealing with this seller, NOT the phone. I give fast lane wireless costumer service 5 stars. I give the (Lg chocolate touch phone) 2 1/2 stars.

I really don't want to write anything, but since you forced me to I thought I would waste your time like you are wasting mine; except that a computer is probably scanning this.  This will be the last review I write due to this requirement.

It works, it's alittle hard to scroll thru the menu to the touch.  Sometimes it doesn't want to work just right
