
Y'know, I really don't understand what all the negative reviews are about. I've had my Style for a year now, and I have to admit, it is by far the best cell phone I've ever owned. Sure it's got its quirks, but what cell phone does not? The clam-shell model of cell phones just makes the most sense, no butt dialing, no fumbling to answer a call, keypad protection and ease of use makes up for the shortfalls. I've owned android cell phones in the past and unless your sitting at a table with no distractions they are a pain in the backside to use. Sure the apps and games are great, but what most people need is a way to communicate (that's why it's a phone). If someone wants all the glitz and glamor of a computer then get a computer!!! The Blackberry Style is a user friendly communication and organization device. It does what it's supposed to do, make phone calls and keep you up to date with appointments, etc. The OS6 is a godsend compared to the OS5 and lower. It will provide the user with all the data needs anyone could want out of a smartphone. Decent apps, great phone service (I have Sprint), and ease of use make this the perfect phone for anybody.

This is by far the worst phone I have ever purchased.  I rather carry around the big early cell phones from the early 1990's than this.Cons:-The sound quality is horrible.  People I call could barely hear me speak to them or I hear them clearly.-The ringer is awfully low for the city life. I'm a New Yorker and I could barely hear my phone ring outside.  Luckily, vibrate is an option.-It takes FOREVER to download programs or search for things on the web.-It drops calls on it own all the time.-Deleting voicemails is a hassle.-Speakers suck!Pro:-Its small and flat, like a Razar Phone.-It looks really nice-It has a lot of specs and apps on the phone.I gave this phone to my mother as a gift and now I have to find her a better phone.  I have to spend more money on a better phone, because the one Blackberry phone I decided to purchase, turned out to be complete crap.Thanks Blackberry for reinstating my disbelief in you!

After owning a BB Style 9670 for 9 months, here are my observations:1. Freezes often, get used to the wait animation.2. Very difficult to make silent. You have to set several settings to guaranty that it won&iexcl;t ring. Prepare to become that moron whose cell phone goes off at the worst times. BTW, I have a CIS degree.3. Often doesn&iexcl;t ring when it&iexcl;s supposed to.4. Short battery life.5. Takes about 10 minutes to boot-up after it freezes-Pray that you don&iexcl;t have to call 911 during one of these episodes.6. Odd placement of ring setting icon-about 6 key strokes to silence.7. Make sure you know how to remove the battery because it&iexcl;s the only way to shut-off and restart after freezes.8. Menu prompts eclipse the screen while you dial so you have to exit to see what you&iexcl;ve dialed-commence to crash the car.9.  Say you need to dial 1-800-GET-CRAP, this phone doesn&iexcl;t show what letters correspond to the keys. You&iexcl;d better have them memorized.10. Keep a 10 year old cell phone in your pocket because when the Blackberry fails, you will still be able to make a call.Other than the items above, you should love the BB Style 9670 

I ordered this item 3 times, and received the wrong item all 3 times.  None of the items were &#34;SPRINT&#34; phones, all had been assigned to different carriers than Sprint.  Two items were purchased from &#34;trustedtarri&#34; and one from &#34;tablet distributors&#34;.  Refunds were given without fuss on all three items, but I never got the phone I wanted.

This is the worst phone I have ever had. Have to constantly take battery out and reset it. Doesn't tell me when I have a voicemail, miss important calls and the buttons on keyboard are WAY too small and close together which makes it hard to type. I will not ever buy another Blackberry! My next phone will be Android and I love Samsung products!

this phone would not work was previously a prepaid phone, sprint couldn't get it to work. terrible phone. and to sell something that you won't work is not fair to the public.

phone came on time and was what i wanted would order again thank you ity worked good for what i needed it for

I have had this phone for 3 years. Would have upgraded to something more powerful by now, except this is the only full keyboard flip smartphone you can buy and the BlackBerry 9810 slider won't work on Sprint.It's a little slow and will freeze up momentarily from time to time. This phone was designed for OS5 but then got OS6. However, it will run Google Maps if you're patient. You really have to download the Opera Mini web browser, because the built-in browser is a complete joke.You can't beat the design for being able to stick it in your front pocket and have it completely out of your way, unlike other smartphones which become a nuisance and have to be left in the truck when real work has to be done. It's also somewhat durable and won't get cracked screens or anything from being dropped. However, it will not survive being hurled against a brick fireplace when you get fed up with the little black clock (I have insurance for &#34;accidents&#34;).Another really unique feature of this device is charging contacts. You get the optional charging cradle, and simply drop the phone in there when you go to bed. No screwing around with putting the tiny plug in the tiny hole, then ripping it back out every time you get a text.The camera is decent, once you get used to the oddball location of the lens. It takes pretty clear pictures unless you're in dim light and not close enough to the subject to use the flash.

strange statement? I thought so but it is completely true..My daughter has been hearing me complain about this phone for over a year now. She has always told me that if you only make phone calls and text and some camera actions, there is no better phone available..Well what do you know...her mind over matter thought has finally come to pass..I loved it for the reasons given above..however on the negative side: Who created the camera positioning? It had to be an alien..the shooting angle seems to indicate the life form had to have 3 hands..I have learned to hold it in a way in which I get good photos so the bad is now not there..oh wellIf you want a strong phone (dropped it 3 times) make lots of calls and text with tiny finger touches and occasionally take photos..THIS IS THE PHONE FOR YOU.There are nice small cases that attach to your belt-pants and for 10 bucks can connect with a hole on their bottom that fits perfectly to the position on the phone..you will find these in the nearest flea market or on Amazon?Thanks for letting me vent and breathe as my confession is now there for my daughter to see that I consider her a genius in her own right.

I bought this phone, but guess what, it can't be activated! So okay, default, bought another. Same problem! Screw this,  waste of time. Waiting for my refund.

I have had TWO of these within the last two years and they have both been the worst phones I have ever owned!  My first one was glitchy and the phone company ended up replacing it with the same model after I had tolerated it for a year.  The second one worked okay for a while, but in less than a year started to frequently shut down unexpectedly and burn through my battery.  I am deeply disappointed in Blackberry for this creation.

Look if you just want a phone to make and answer calls, text, and get and send email.  Then this phone is fine. But,  if you have any intention of getting on the internet and browsing, or playing videos. Forget it. I do love the clam shell style and the fact that it will fit into my coat shirt or pants pocket is cool. The new BB 10 looks alot bigger and I dont know if I'll get one or not. So it just depends what you want the phone to do.

I purchased two of these phone and both myself and my husband like the product....easy to use and work with.

I've had my 9670 since they were released. It had been a reliable useful phone/e-mail/calendar unit. Not a computer or a tablet or whatever, but a damn fine piece of equipment. I do wish I could use it as a Hot Spot on Sprint, oh well. It has been reliable, has great apps, love the clam shell design, and yes it is loud enough. All the whiners apparently want more than the phone ever promised.

Please let me know if I can get my money back or change the phone by one of GSM technology, in my country and non technology is used and it would be very bad to lose my money because I can not do anything with this phone, I like it for their characteristics are very good but does not work in my country, please i need a solution. thanks

This is a very good phone, does alot of helpfull stuff when you are on the go.but it not unlocked, please tell me the password, thank you!

nice phone love it. problem is itss not whats described , it only has the phone and a charger , no mem card or other stuff,false advertising

I wonder if this blackberry is certified to operate in Latin America? this unlocked? or have an international version? respond to this email address cess369@hotmail.com

yes, very good

Purchased a Sprint Blackberry Style cell phone from you in late February thru Amazon.com.  Today (June 3, 2014), tried to activate the phone.  After hours of effort, Sprint informed me that they could not activate the phone because it had been originally sold to foreign sources and could not be activated in the United States.  I wish to return this phone and receive a reimbursement for my purchase.  Please advise as to how this can be accomplished.  Thank you.

It's a more banged up than we thought, but it seems to work fine.  All in all satisfied with the purchase.

I am considering of getting this phone but i want to use it for tmobile prepaid plans. Is that possible to do?

All I was looking for was a replacement phone because I dont have the money to purchase a 700 dollar phone ....and well all I can say is DONT BUY THIS PHONE!! I couldn't connected with sprint they told me it was an unlocked phone...the phone is cute and all but whats the purpose if I cant even connected

Hello.I want to know where in this publication you tell us that the cellphone is CDMA.Yes, i know you say is "locked for sprint" but, "locked" isn't the same to "CDMA"I'm from Venezuela, and this phone just arrive to my home, and guess what?I can't use this here 'cause is CDMA, and my no one telephony here accept a cellphone CDMA of another country, even if i unlocked the cellphone for whichever telephony.So, what i do now?I lost my money because of you?I want to know that.Thanks you.I feel really cheated.

I was loving my BlackBerry 9670 for several months until it began to slow down.  Web pages took a long time to download and the phone would often freeze.  One day, it froze for nearly 5 minutes.  I tried to turn the phone off, but it wouldn't respond.  I decided to remove the battery.  Upon replacing the battery, the phone restarted and has been as good as new since.  I only wish there was a restart button/function on the phone.

My mom loved it. It was as described by the seller -- very good condition. Amazing camera, smooth QWERTY keyboard, HD and bright screen although not touchscreen, and very easy & comfortable to hold/handle.

Very pleased with the product. It was in quality shape..I was not expecting the phone to look so new.  I will definitely purchase from you again

I have had the Blackberry Style for over a year now and I LOVE it!!  I have never had any problems with it, and much prefer it to the Android style phone.  I also have a 75 yr old client who went from a standard mini flip phone to this Blackberry Style and she is now known as a texting Queen by everyone she knows.  She loves it, and also has not had any problems with the phone for over a year.  I am considering purchasing another to keep as a spare for when the one I have gets too old.

i ordered this phone and it came promptly. sprint says this phone cannot be activated. serial number does not exist in their system.

It's hard to speak about my Blackberry 9670 without devolving into a rant, but I've got to try, dammit.Why it's so terrible:- Minuscule battery life. Without taking a single call and only using my phone to look at an RSS feed via the web browser, the battery will drain completely by the afternoon. This happens constantly. Even without touching the phone, the battery will drain completely in your pocket. I've felt it vibrate to notify me of its low battery in my pocket after having done nothing with it for hours, then once again to tell me that it's too low to even get a signal. And don't try using the phone as a camera for long if you need the flash... it will drain very quickly then.- Bad hardware. I had to replace my phone because of the loose charging port, only to be given another phone with another loose charging port. (This is, of course, after the folks at Sprint decided it was because of a battery short and had me wait a week for a new battery, only to wait another week for an entirely new phone. You cannot replace the charging port by itself.)- Slowness. This is the phone's biggest issue. It will gradually become slower throughout the day, regardless of whether or not you use typically processor-slowing applications or close them after use instead of keeping them open. Typically, I will, say, decide to write a text message. I'll pull the phone out of my pocket, open it up, try to scroll, see that it's frozen... wait 5-10 seconds, maybe longer, for it to unfreeze... and repeat these last two steps at least one to two more times during this process. Sometimes I'll just put the phone back in my pocket because it's taking too long to do anything. The manufacturer's solution to this is to remove the battery while the phone is on, then replace it... the same thing as basically turning a computer off while it's running instead of shutting down. This is the official solution for this problem, and it's only temporary on top of that.I just can't put into words how frustrating it is to wait over and over for my phone to catch up just so I can type a simple text or Tweet. Once, the phone even froze while I was attempting to answer a call and it required a hard shut down, as described above. (This takes about 3 minutes or more, by the way.)Do not get this phone. Get a different one that you aren't constantly waiting on to un-freeze or constantly hoping you won't run out of battery life.

el telefono esta muy bonito y bueno pero necesito otro del mismo pero con entrada de tarjeta SIM o chip

I really like this phone ,i ve had it for about 2 years now and is in pretty good condition,the only thing i didnt like is that was kind of jamming the mouse some times,but after a reboot its coming back to normal.I find it very strong built, it failed on the floor over 10 times by now ,just a slight scrach other than that is solid!my next one s gonna be the z10 ...

It was stolen and I couldnt use it. They tricked me so bad that I couldnt use the phone and I had to send it back

hello, good night I want to know if they are gsm blackberry ??... chip technology ??.... please respond .... I'm interested in the product blackberry

A great blackberry phone.  Good operating system.  Love the design.  Lots of apps available.  Easy to customize to make it your own.

When I first got this phone I was excited because it was my first smartphone and I thought that it would be a good phone with its compact flip design. Only after the third month I had it stared freezing all the time, restarting on its own, dieing after three hours, and getting no signal all the time. This phone became the worst phone I ever owned. This phone should get no stars and a brick is a %100 better

This product was what I expect to have. I do really recommend it, because it have everything anyone need to have.

This phone has given me nothing but a headache since I got it. After I was talked into upgrading from the guy at sprint, I was happy with this phone for about a week. Great camera and video camera, easy web browsing, apps that I downloaded worked great, and I thought that the general look of the phone was cool. Then people couldn't hear me talk. I had to use my bluetooth ALL of the time in order for them to hear me. So I brought it back to sprint and the gave me a "new" one that turned out to be a refurbished one. That one worked good for a week, then I couldn't make calls, or receive them. I missed some very important calls. The ringer wouldn't go on, I couldn't hear the person on the other end, and the battery would get so red hot and die in a matter of 2 hrs. Brought it back to sprint and they said that they fixed it, then less then 24 hrs later it happened all over again. I understand that sometimes you might get a device that might be a defect, but I got 2 defects.The Sprint coustomer service was no help and they were very very rude and nasty over the phone. Then they wanted to charge me $100.00 for a new phone after they gave me 2 lemons.Like i said in the title, everything worked great except the phone itself.

My brother and I are kind of old fashion. We find a phone and cars and stick with them till they no longer make them. He saw mine and wanted one because it is a flip phone no cases. He and I both love it.

I like this phone, had it for few years,Phone itself is great, but what it is good forIf it doesn't work with any cell phone service company?!

i'm from venezuela, I bought this phone thinking it would work in my country as it is under the category of unlocked, the Notice does not specify which is cdma and now I can not return it and I feel cheated

I've had this phone for about six months now, and I have to say that it's a good phone.  Sadly, the Sprint network in this area prevents me from using it to its fullest, as it is 3G capable, but stuck in a 2G city.THE GOOD: It's a flip.  In fact, it is the ONLY flip/clamshell form smartphone on the US market (there are a couple of Android-powered flips in China and Japan).  This is a definite plus due to my absolute detestation of bar form phones.  Easy to set up and customize, and the apps aren't bad, either.  Sure, a lot of them are paid whereas they're free on other platforms, but the functionality is the same, and it's a FLIP.  Upgrading from the LG Lotus, I find the size and feel to be about the same.  App installation and OS updates are easy, though the latter can be time-consuming.Did I mention it's a flip phone?THE BAD: Whoever placed the camera and flash needs to go back to design school.  Other flip phones have their lenses on the cover, but this one has it on the main body.  Thus, one has to hold it in a fairly awkward way to use the camera.  Another downside is that there are no soft, form-fitting cases like there are for other flip-type phones like the LG Lotus.  It's either snap-on or sleeve.  Also, some popular apps are incompatible with this particular model.Also, the phone will freeze occasionally (with or without the "spinning clock" icon), but these events are always brief.And then there's the lack of 3G network in the area where I live.  The built-in Wifi and Bluetooth do make up for it, but it would be nice if Sprint would upgrade some of their smaller markets to 3G.THE UGLY:  Should you ever get a corrupted app installation, it will take drastic measures to fix.  In my case, a corrupted download of the Twitter app put the phone into a reboot loop, which required a complete wipe and re-installation of the OS and apps.Considering the whole, the good far outweighs the bad and the ugly, making this an ideal phone for someone transitioning from a standard flip or feature flip.  That said, should a flip-form Android ever hit the US market, that, not another of these, will be my next phone.

I sent the phone is CDMA technology which I can use in my country, we buy 2 phones and I feel esatfado, because the publication does not mention that CDMA technology is. is a hoax. need to send your phone to reimburse me my money or send me two phones with GSM technology. please I got the cd accessories, headphones

I love it! I had the Lotus before could not find one at a reasonable price so I purchased this one. It is a little more difficult to use if you are not familiar with Blackberry but it has a large screen which makes it easier to see. The trackball takes some getting used to. I love it mainly because it is a flip! Thank you so much.

&#34;I WILL NEVER ORDER ANOTHER PHONE FROM AMAZON AGAIN!!!  IT'S SOLD AS A SPRINT PHONE, THE PHONE IS BRAND NEW AND SPRINT CAN NOT ACTIVATED THE PHONE!!! HOW DO YOU SELL A PHONE WITH AN INVALID EN NUMBER??  REALLY!?!?&#34;

Had to return phone was previously flash to another phone company sprint could not activate it. Phone was in new condition head phones boxed up in proper box I did not want to accept the phone was previously owned

When I called Sprint to activate service I was told that the phone could not be activated on their network. I had read similar reviews but thought I would try my luck... Fail. (Purchased from BAERPAWZ). No problem with the return/refund.

The device stalls ALL THE TIME!!!!! Do you know how frustrating it is to wait 60 seconds to get to the menu? I do! My curve is light-years faster than my 9760.

Clam shell design helps keep the screen safe.  Updates to current OS and works great.  Wish I could have bought more.

Every blackberry Ive know loved the tank like nature of their device. My Style 9670 has been dropped kicked, stepped on over and over for years. Its hung 2 times in 5 years and I leave it one all the time all year ( I am on call). I replaced the battery once in the last 5 years. Its not the longest lasting battery around but as a hold out flip partlysmart phone it has no equal. I am holding out for Blackberry to make a flip from the 10 platform. Until then or I will just get a Q10, my style flip is a cool little tank that works and works and....AND its more secure than anything else on the market

well this is a really great phone, but if your trying to get this phone to another company other than sprint, its useless!! :/ this phone you can't unlock from sprint!! Don't recommend it unless you activate it w/sprint which is really expensive!! :/

Since Blackberry phones have been on the market, I've not only bought them and steered friends to them, as an IT project manager, I've directed various employer IT departments to set up employees and whole corporate programs around the Blackberry platform.  I have informally done hours of training for friends and coworkers on the wonders of the Blackberry phones.  Ya, to say I've been an addicted advocate puts it mildly.  Not any more.Before I get into the problems, just want to note that Research in Motion refers all concerns about their phones to the service providers - forget about ANY help from RIM.  Second, the carriers say that the phone's quality is bad, but do nothing.  Consumers, we are holding the bag for an expensive phone.  Sprint was particularly useless, and I would also say their customer service is useless in this regard.  They tell me I purchased a bad product, and I'm stuck with the outcome.  You have been forewarned.Through a rotten twist of fate, I have three of these phones in the last year, two of them slowly bricked.  I will readily admit that one of them fell in a bowl of water, but the other two just stopped taking a charge.  One of the reasons why I had been an advocate of Blackberry was because they were durable phones - heck, friends/coworkers would tell me they dropped them on pavement, with no problems.Each of the three phones I had started glitching before they died, freezing up or retaining an imagine on the home page though I had exit the application. Hard restarting them was routinely necessary.Save yourself a bunch of hassle:  get a phone on the droid platform, get a gmail account, and you'll be set to go, and secure.

Horrible speed, battery life, browsing speed, app offerings, etc. Just TERRIBLE. Stay away. Not to mention phone blinks and beeps when low on battery...isn't that counterproductive? Both of those things waste even more battery from the already horrific amount.

This is a very good phone, does alot of helpfull stuff when you are on the go. Would recomend it to any one who is in school and is using their phone constanly. Very small compact
