
This Verizon phone is easy to handle and manage. I love using it and store all my contacts on it.

While the phone is easy to use the buttons didn't work all the time so I had to trade it in.  The second phone I received wouldn't keep a charge so I had to purchase a new battery which was extremely hard to find since this is an older phone.

This is a great basic phone.  This phone has large numbers on screen and on dialing pad.  I needed a simple phone to operator for my mother.  It has the ability to text also.

Yea bought this to replace my Bionic and hell for $20 a used phone it still works but have a problem on mine where I cannot see the sent messages and if I even press on that option the entire phone freezes up and you have to remove the battery to make it work again but other than that this phone does what its supposed to..make calls and send a message here and there. Thanks to this bad boy my phone bill is less that $15 a month!

I looked and looked for a phone that my 82 yr old Mom could easily use and this one is great!  It has a dedicated and easy to locate 911 button as well as the ability to set up a specific order call list and I was able to put notes in it.  It has a large screen that she can easily see and is still small enough that it is not too heavy to put in her purse.She really likes it!

My daughter loves this phone. She prefers the basic flip phone and this one meets all her needs. Good durable little phone.

large number phone is good for low vision people.  haven is the only cell for low vision folks i have found

Battery out almost immediately. I threw it away since it was unusable. Someone was just trying to make some money from it even though they knew it was not good.

I bought this phone as a gift to my grandparents. They've had it for about 6 months now and love it. It has big number keys so they can easily dial a number. The 911 button is also handy In case of an emergency. It doesn't have a camera, but that didn't matter since they don't use their phone to take pictures. Overall, 5/5.

I bought this phone, used, on Amazon and it serves all my communication needs.  I have a digital camera, and I have a good laptop, and I don't need it all rolled into a cell phone.  It works reliably, and the Verizon network provides excellent coverage everywhere, even in rural and mountainous areas.  If there's a signal, you'll be able to send / receive calls with no problems.  I have used this phone for over 2 years, and it has been trouble-free.  If you need a so-called SmartPhone, then this phone isn't for you, but if you need only a reliable way to stay in contact almost everywhere, then buy this phone.  You can find good deals on lightly-used examples on both Amazon and eBay - just make sure that the phone has a "clean" ESN before you buy.

I got this phone for my dad, whose phone died.  I tried to activate it, but it's a &#34;pre-paid&#34; only phone.  I tried to contact the seller, and didn't even get a repsonse back, and ultimately ended up ordering another phone.  To say the least, I was DISPLEASED! :(

The only complaint about this phone, which was purchased for my legally blind 92 yo mother, is that you have to re-enter all of your contacts manually. However, since no other phone seems to accommodate her vision impairment as well, it was worth the effort. This is the third Haven she has purchased over many years.

I purchased this phone for my 83 yr old mother from Bargain the People. It had Prime Shipping, I ordered it for her on Saturday afternoon and it was delivered on  Monday afternoon. It is a basic phone which is all she wants it for. I have not seen the phone but she is very pleased with the adjustable font and the ease of use buttons as she has severe arthritis. I set it up on my Verizon wireless account online with the meid numbers and she was in business. I appreciate the help with my question about this phone from other Amazon shoppers and feel for a refurbished phone it's a good purchase.

I purchased this phone for my mother and it is perfect for her.  She enjoys the large numbers and lettering in the contacts. Good price and we were able to set it up without having to go to Verizon.

Bought this cell phone to replace my older flip that didn't hold a charge any longer. It works like a new phone and really does the job. I am very happy with the sound clarity and the battery holds a charhe for a long time!

I wanted a nice, simple phone with a sizeable keypad & a large easy-to-read display & I got it with this phone. And at a great price too. It folds up into a very compact & easy to carry little package. Yet, it pops open into a sizeable keypad & beautiful color screen with various options. Great phone at a low price.

this phone shuts off on its own several times a day and half the time I cannot make a phone call and I have to shut if off and turn it back on I am very unhappy about it

...and he can not have a camera at his place of employ, so when his old flip phone finally broke (after 5 years) I found this Samsung.  There are not many choices for non-camera available today, and we needed it plain and simple.  This is it!  Perfect simple, non complicated phone. Great seller!  Quick delivery and just as described!

Phone is basic, which I knew when I bought it. All I need is basic, but I spent a little more for this one because it got pretty good reviews. It's not a bad phone, and before this I used the Samsung Knack. Users rated the Haven better than the Knack ... I wouldn't. They're pretty much the same, except you can view pics on the Haven (but you can't take photos ... no camera).I always have it set on vibrate for text messages. The Knack would vibrate once when a message arrived, clearly indicating it was a text message. The Haven vibrates three times, which tends to be annoying because when it's in my pocket I can't tell if it's an incoming phone call or a text (since it vibrates three time it could be a phone call, whereas the Knack would only vibrate once for a text message).It does what I need it to do (phone and text).

works fine easy set up husband is using it all the time no camera could not down load contacts had to do it by hand to enter them took a while other wise phone works fine

Even though the ad read that it was Revol compatible, my Revol store was unable to active this particular Samsung model. Guess I'm stuck with it unless I change to Verizon. Too bad.

The phone came fast  and was in pretty good condition execpt the battery door was broken and I had to use tape to keep it closed

PHone works very well - good replacement phone as the old phone some of the buttons were not working well.

Bought item in late November for a Holiday gift. So, item sat in box until end of December.We used the phone for 2 1/2 months. Text messaging functions (sending and receiving messages) no longer operational.We have sent multiple inquiries to the seller and have received no reply back.Would rate this item and seller as a scam.

A gift for my husband (birthday) and he's someone who doesn't care for change.  He loves it and the large print is what he really needed.  Thanks for fast delivery and the phone being as described.

good phone for older users that like the big keys and easy to use features. also has a long battery life.

the phone broke within two days.  I was obviously used, but I ordered a new one.  Also, there wasn't an instructional booklet included in the box.

Phone was in excellent condition as stated, very easy to use for someone who just needed a simple phone. would recommend to anyone who has an older person in family looking for a simple phone..It also arrived within the time stated.

Contrary to the ad copy, US Cellular will NOT honor this phone as &#34;acceptable&#34; by their CDMA listing.Had to return it. No Choice in cell providers where I live...

this phone is perfect for a second phone. my job does not permit cameras phones  in certain area on the premises.

Had to return unit. It did not display the voice mail icon as it should have. Too bad , worked well for my 88 yr. old mother otherwise.

I was very happy to get such a nice phone for a very low price. It was in great condition. It was delivered right away. It was in great shape and only took 2 minutes to activate under my account by following easy directions.

DIDN'T LAST LONG ATE BATTERIES . REPLACED AFTER JUST A FEW WEEKS . NOT WORTH THE MONEY THAT IT COST

Is this a sick joke? It actually functioned like all flip phones back in the early 80's when they were cool back then /awwwwww who am I kidding they were never cool!!!!!!

This is just a simple and effecient phone for my elderly mother to use. Nice big buttons and the screen size is decent too,.

phone seems to be working good now when first got it the phone froze up when making a call took the battery out and i havent heard any more complaints from my son so it must be working good

This phone only lasted a few months went to use it one morning and just dead. Piece of crappy junk.

this is a great replacement phone for my grandpa because it is very easy to use and all he uses it for is making calls, thanks!

This phone was ordered for my husband. He loves this style and had one previous to ordering this one. Unfortunately we returned this one because it didn't work when we received it.

This phone had problems with the texting. The company said it was my Verizon service. Incorrect.  It is the software, an older version that cannot be updated at all.  If you buy, ask what software it is, check with your provider and ask questions.  I would not buy again unless there is full disclosure.

I got this for my mother and my uncle. They wanted big buttons on a no frills phone. Clear and easy to use.

Phone arrived very quick and was in new condition as stated. I have not actually used the phone yet. A wall charger and car charger was included but there was no user manual.

I got this phone for my mom and dad because of the large buttons, received item quickly and it works great, thanks!

The cost of a flip phone is still good, and this phone is very handy and functional.  It's a great phone tool...!

Great basic phone, long battery life. bought it for my wife as a gift. She loves it. If you do not text and just need a phone for occasional use this phone does the trick.

Nice size flip phone for the price. But be aware it DOESNT have a camera feature on it.  That fact wasn't mentioned in the info I found on Amazon prior to my ppurchasing it.  I had to order another one that did, because this was to be a phone my husband could use on his job, which required him to take pictures of his work sometimes.

Phone came fast. I needed this phone quick to serve a job and it is better than I expected. Samsung has good products.

I bought this because I was looking for a very simple to use phone for an elderly relative which would work on the verizon network.This phone does not have a camera or other features, but it saves phone numbers, has a speaker phone and speed dialing feature.  The numbers on the keypad are fairly large and the clock on the front is large as well.

Works like I expected it to.  No complaints. I have not had any problems with the unit since I bought it.

I bought two of these, one for my mother and one for my wife's mother and they both love it.

My mother in law dropped her previous Samsung and it was too expensive to buy another at the Verizon store. Thank you for the awesome deal. It's exactly the same as what she had, so she's comfortable using it. It works perfectly.

This was a Christmas gift for my mother in law, who decided to stay with her original phone because this one has no camera. But she did like the larger buttons/

I just got this phone from Brown Box Bonanza here on Amazon.  First, they are great sellers and have amazing customer service.  I had several questions and they were right on the emails, answering quickly.The phone is great. It has nice features, like a speakerphone, and it's just the right size.  Very user friendly.  It comes with a charger, and it charged up fast.When I turned it on, all I had to do was hit the send button and the phone contacted Verizon.  This automatically programmed the phone with my number and activated it on my account.  Easy, easy, easy phone to use. Good sound quality whether I hold it to my ear or use the speakerphone.The price is right, too.  I shopped around and could not find a phone at a reasonable price on Verizon because my upgrade isn't due.  I checked Walmart and Radio Shack, but no luck on a nice basic phone at a reasonable price.  This is a good deal.It's a very nice, sharp looking phone that fits right into the palm of my hand.  I highly recommend it, and Brown Box Bonanza.

Simple and easy to use for my mother.  Nice big numbers make it easy for dialing calls!  Would recommend this phone for seniors.

My husband loves this phone. It is everything we expected and then some. We will purchasing this one again when one is needed!!!

I got this for my mom because she is older and likes the big numbers and text. It's not fancy at all so for her case, this is good. She loves it.

I bought this phone for my mother, who wanted a phone that was easy to use and without a bunch of bells & whistles. This fits the bill and she loves it!

i purshased a samsung cell phone from Amazon and it has lived up to my expectionsand the price was great and their service was very good n.THE SAMSUNG U320 CELL PHONE IS A GOOD BUY AND WORKS GREAT.IM VERY HAPPY WITH THE POHONE .  WALTER rASHER

Got this on an auction site for my parents on prepaid plan for less than forty dollars shipped. works fine.

In making my rating: You have to balance a cell that did not work but was cheap with a dealer having a good return policy and honesty. The product was a dud, the service was honest. So I gave it a three.

Bought this for my husband for Christmas.7 months later, It doesn't work. The warranty was good for a whole 90 days.Good money spent on a piece of crap.

My Haven was stolen. This is a replacement. It cost less than a new phone from Verizon, even though I was eligible for an upgrade; and it works with the inductive charger from my old phone, something the new basic phones don't. However, I was disappointed that it won't download my contacts from Verizon. My stolen phone had somehow uploaded them; I vaguely remember something called V Cast that isn't on this phone. Other than that, it looks like a new phone, works fine, and has features I don't think my old phone had.

I have owned two of these phones.  Both have quit receiving text messages just after the warranty has expired.  If you text DO NOT buy this phone.  I believe this is a manufacturer's defect because the phone says the textbox is full, but it is not.  I have reset the phone, taken it to a verizon store, and called the manufacturer.  Nothing seems to make the phone recognize that the text inbox has been empty.

I ordered this phone for a friend and she is thrilled with it. She had one and loved it and wanted another to replace hers. Excellent condition, just as it was described.

The phone I received was different from this one.  I was trying to order something very similar to what my husband already had, as he is barely able to figure out the TV remote and I didn't want to confuse him too much.  I reviewed the phone model I received and determined it was of equal or better quality, so I kept it.  So far it is working out fine.

My fault,I didn't realize the phone doesn't have a camera.Other than that the phone is adequate.I probably wouldn't buy another one...sorry

It's almost brand new and arrived safely..works well...I would like to know how old this phone is...so far v/pleased as it performs well...

RECOMMENDED FOR AN ELDERLY USER - WORKS MOST OF THE TIME.  I PAID A LOT LESS THAN THE PRICE THAT SHOWING NOW (OCT 2013 $99.) BUT I THOUGHT I NEEDED A CHARGER AND PAID A FEW DOLLARS EXTRA FOR IT, THE PHONE CAME WITH ONE.

Has no Camera , No illuminated time on front of phone without physically opening it , awful ring tones and gives you pointless apps like Wellness in customization section .

This phone is NOT compatible with Verizon Backup Assistant software, so be prepared to spend some time re-entering your contacts.  Otherwise it works great for the senior it was purchased for:  big buttons and screen, easy menus.

I am hearing impaired and wear hearing aids in both ears.  I looked long and hard for a cell phone that that would work for me.  This one does! No horns and bells;  many cell phone apps create RF interference that messes up the connection between the phone and my hearing aids. I can hear well with plenty of power through the earpiece and the speaker is excellent.If you have hearing problems check out this phone at Verizon!

It is a simplified flip phone with big buttons.  It does not always cure old age, however.  There are a couple of simpler-to-use geriatric phones out there.  Outside display powers down so you cannot just look and see time, calls, etc., you must flip open to activate display.  Call sound fidelity is good.  Speaker phone mode sux. Very limited options.

This is a replacement for a cell phone that got damaged. It's a reconditioned phone and works fine. Just what I was looking for -- because Verizon was going to charge me big $'s to get one, which made no sense. This is JUST a plain phone with large display and keyboard -- no camera, emails, texts, apps -- nothing I don't need or use. The price was right! Very pleased.

Great phone for my elderly uncle.  Sits on a charging stand and has easy to read numbers on the pad and screen.

Bought this for my husband who didn't want all the 'bells and whistles'.  He absolutely loves it. Very easy to set up and use.

Wanted a phone without all the extras and costs for services.  We originally bought two phones from Verizon with our plan, two years ago and did not want to sign up for another plan but one of the phones wouldn't hold a charge and had worn out.  This phone was just right.  All we had to do was take it to a Verizon dealer and they set it up for us, no charge.

The text messaging doesnt really work and the phone freezes often. I was only able to make calls and the phone would constantly restart by itself.

This is a very simple  phone.  Just what I needed for replacing the same model  that got wet.  Verizon said they do not stock them any longer, as most customers want the new and fancy Smartphones.  Don't want the new  models.  Don't want or need  features I can't understand or  pay  for stuff I  will not use.  Keep it  basic.  Very basic.  The price is right.  Thank you., thank you.  J.L.

Great easy to use phone, large buttons, good for tec challenged folks or for elderly also good home phone. Good talk quality.

THIS IS GREAT EVERN THOUGH WE DO NOT HAVE CELL PHONE TOWERS FOR VERISION I WOULD BE GLADE TO USE THIS PRODUCT AGAIN

My son is 13 and needless to say is rough on phones, we got him this phone as a replacement phone and it is really simple to use and all he needs. It came very quickly and in great condition.

Love this phone! I can hold in my small hand, has large keys that I can see, and screen that I can read. One of the best phones I've ever had.

i got for my husband who doesnt like fancy phones ,he likes to regular bell ring tones and the style of phone

Not such a great phone. It is cheap and does not do everything that I would expect in a phone. It works and was inexpensive.

The product I received from this order was faulty.  It was a junk old phone that was not able to be connected to the phone service it said it was for.  I even had the Verizon company try to connect it, but they told me the phone was junk. and the only thing to do was return it.

This phone has issues it shuts down on it's own and I have to reboot it after every phone call or it won't work

I highly recommend this phone for someone who is over 50 like myself.  I love the large numbers, very clear sound, easy to operate, not complicated at all. Also my ringing melody is perfect. I only have to charge the phone every other day.  Also I received my order very quickly.  The seller did a great job with my order.

Good old phone.  Boss likes display size and button size. Would definitely keep buying them as many times as he loses them.

IT WORKED - SMALL SCRATCHES BUT NOTHING MAJOR - IT LASTED FOR AS LONG AS I NEEDED IT FOR - LARGE NUMBERS - BIG BUTTONS - SIMPLE PHONE FOR THOSE THAT DONT WANT NOTHING FANCY BUT A BASIC PHONE TO MAKE CALLS

The Caps get stuck, but when the clear is pushed, it goes back to sm.

I ordered this phone to replace my defective phone in order to tie me over until my next Verizon upgrade.  While my expectations were low (and I would not have commented on small scratches all over the phone), I expected to at least be able to put this phone against my face without cringing.  This phone had either belonged to a smoker/pet owner or was kept in such an environment.  It smells like a combination of a dirty ashtray and a wet dog.  Gross.  There is nothing technically wrong with it, so that is why I am giving it a 2, but I would go with a different vendor if I were you.

The product arrived on time and good condition. It said it had a couple of "possible" scratches which were positive scratches, hard to notice with phone on. Good thing we bought an extra battery for four dollars because it needs to be charged often. It has met my needs and expectations. Thank you

This is a great phone for seniors who do not need a smartphone.  My mother-in-law loves it.  She can hear clearly and read the screen easily.  It's easy to use with her arthritic fingers, too.

I got this phone for my mom after she wet her old one. this is exactly what we needed, simple and easy to use. We have Verizon, we called and got it connected within a few minutes. this seller was quick with shipping.

The phone came in nicely packaged and worked from the first minute to now. So far I am happy with my purchase and glad I got this phone here instead of somewhere.

my got I got it too; it is a good phone for seniors ; very convenient large numeric pad and not too heavy.

Just what I needed easy to use ,easy to see and not alot of stuff I don't need great phone!

I was disappointed in this phone and have authorization to return it.Ordered by mistake as I know now it is a basic phone with minimal functions.I am sure this phone would work for many people, it just did not serve my needs.It was shipped quickly as all products I have ordered from Amazon.

We wanted a simple phone that is easy to use.  It does not have a camera.  This phone is perfect for the user who desires a simple no frills phone.

I loved everything about this phone, but No Blue Tooth and no camera! I'll keep it for a backup, but sadly, had to go back to my old one for now.

pro: large display, battery life is good, no costly data plan neededcon: no camera,no micro SD, can't import phone book

Bought this refurbished flip phone as Christmas gift for wife.  She wanted a phone for talking only and she loves it.  Very easy to use and has many nice features .  The phone was advertised &#34;like new&#34; and it arrived that way.  A new battery and charging adaptor were included.

This an awesome basic phone with voice commands. My husband has Alzheimer's and is able to operate this phone with just his voice. Great for seniors And visually impaired. Great buy

My mother is in a nursing home. She broke the screen on her phone from dropping it many times. The phone still worked but I wanted to get her a replacement. I like this phone for her because it has a cradle charger that makes it easy for her to keep it charged. She is too handicapped to be able to use a regular type of phone charger. This phone is great for seniors with larger numbers on the keys. It is a phone without apps or camera features. Simply used to make or receive calls. Just what we need for her.

Everything went smoothly in the beginning, the delivery was super fast, product came in in decent condition, and the phone activated no problem. Unfortunately a week after it was activated it stopped receiving text messages and kept saying message box full delete messages. Easy enough... Except there was nothing more to delete. I hard reset the phone, brought it to Verizon, and after a few hours there and on the phone with technical support the phone was deemed defective. I'm from the cellphone industry so no biggie, I know defects happen all the time especially with used(refurbished) phones. Amazon was great though!! They offered to give me my money back no problem, unfortunately I cannot do that because it would leave me phoneless for too long and I cannot afford that so I'm pretty SOL.The phone itself is.... Well decent enough for an old phone! Great call quality and battery life!! That's definitely it though lol. No camera, no features, nothing but a phone. So if that's all your looking for this phone is a great choice, if you want a few extras then so much.
