
this phone is FUN & has many features I have yet to learn, I do wish it had swype though- texting is tidious

This is a great WP!!! The screen is awesome, and I hope that the OS upgrade to WP8!!! I will never use Android again!!!

Should say in listing that phone is built for AT&T. T-Mobile works but has a problem with IM pictures being sent and received, unable to send or receive pictures. All else works great.

I bought this phone as unlocked but, it came locked not only that this phone turns off at every minutes.I will not recommend this to anyone

Changing from the iPhone 3GS to the Titan was like getting my first color screen nokia 10 years ago. It is a game changer. This phone and OS is AMAZING. Really, it is more like a computer that just happens to have a phone in it. They really thought of just about everything when designing this device. Once the OS starts catching on, Apple and Droid better watch out.

The phone is branded by at&t;, it's not fully unlocked...The did sent me an unlock code for sim unlocking , but I have to input the code after every restart of the device.I allready gave a negative feedback but they asked from me to remove it so that they can sent me the unlock code. (1 minute after the removal of the negative feedback, I had mail with th unlock code...) .Now I can't change the radio version - cause it's locked to 16.x.x.x. - and this gives me bad signal and bad call quality...also I can't install any other language - only english - not even with cab sender.So as you can understand I can't even update to version 7.8 ...The phone is not x310e!!! it's x310a and also branded by at&t...;It's a shame...

It's the best phone of all phones i have been using, from network transmission upto best quality mega pixels.best recommended

windows still has some figuring out to do especially with the apps. even some of the most vital like 'Facebook' are not so easy to get

excelente celular, los invito a que lo compren buen precio r&aacute;pida entrega, seriedad en los negocios volver&iacute;a a hacer negocios con ellos

First you need to know you will get the AT&T; version of the phone, the phone is unlocked but it has a bug in the bootloader. So it will ask you for the unlock pin every time you turn off the phone. You need to update the bootloader from HTC site so this bug go away. So you need to ask the seller for the unlock pin or you will have to paid $9 for the code online.After that is really a nice phone, Windows Phone Rules. I was on Android before and its a really good change.The screen is nice, the only thing is that the phone is heavy.Other than that Amazon needs to correct the information on the page.The link for the update and instructions is here: [...]

"THEE WORST" phone ever! The user manual is written in every language EXCEPT ENGLISH! So, I had to go online and print out the english version of instructions, The speaker goes out randomly, I can't get a signal in places that I've always been able to get one before like work and home, some of the apps. doesn't work properly, I have a business and I use the "Square" well, this phone does not support this feature! Thutere are certain things that I love about this phone ex. size and visibility, ability to move from one feature to another. BUT, the bad out weigh the good. It took me about 5 days of this non-sense to send it back. I hope to get a FULL REFUND!

The phone is not unlocked as specified by the retailer ,bummer,but it's an at&t phone and I use at&t so no problems

Very nice phone but takes some getting used to. It's the first window phone I've used and there are many apps that I couldn't use that I used with my android

the team came not bad serves no charge, and the headset does not work.I want to change the team or me reintengren money buying and shipping through gift cardsthanks

It is LOCKED and I bought it because it is supposed to be unlocked.I will claim for my refund if not getting how to unlock it.It is a shame. I'm really disappointed.PP

phone stopped working after 3 month I tried to call htc care but they denied to provide any service for this phone as they discontinued windows phone. this phone I purchased through amazon sold by big apple cellular but even they are not able to help me out. I asked for a replacement or refund but neither of them has been provided by htc or big apple cellular.guys don't buy any htc windows phone as u too might regret purchasing one.. I hope amazon will help me out.waiting for affirmative reply

I am a previous iPhone user. When my iPhone's lock and home button broke for the second time, and the speaker stopped working, I decided to stop wasting money on it and began searching for a new phone. Android devices seemed a little unusable for me, so I looked through Windows Phones, which is something I normally wouldn't do, as I don't like the Windows desktop OS very much.Knowing I liked HTC a lot, I decided on the HTC Titan (Ultimate) after only a short while. Upon receiving the phone, I was hesitant, because I had never used a Windows Phone before. But after a few minutes, I was in bliss. Not only is it 10x faster than my iPhone 4 (which came out in the same year), but the simplicity of design of the Windows 7.5 Mango interface is amazing.HTC also has a reputation for well built and strong phones, and this one is no exception. With an aluminum enclosure and a huge screen, this beast of a phone dwarfed the small iPhone, which is especially helpful when reading a constant flow of emails and text messages. If you're in the market for a very reasonably priced Windows Phone, look no further. The HTC Titan is the top of the line!

I had my first cell phone back in 1997 and to this date my HTC is the best phone I have ever had.Needless to say, I've had quit a few over the years. My biggest priority is battery life and this packsan actual 10 hour talk time  (without data service) Data eats up the battery

This phone make a great replacement for my HD2 which died last November. Great screen size, audio output, camera and clarity. The marketplace has many useful apps, and after some stress testing I have not seen this phone lag. Overall its a great phone.

The phone is amazing. Fast response times, great bright huge screen, the OS is the best i've ever used on a Smartphone, so easy and integrated with all your services. Great apps available. The phone body is solid metal, and sees resistant.Had a problem with Internet Explorer Mobile that the tabs stopped working. Hard resetted the ohone only to have the problem happened again only about a week later.At exactly one month of usage the screen turned off, and no longer turned on again. It response to the touch, but no image is shown. I have returned the phone.

love the phone, easy to use and it stays charged up longer than any that I have had. I paid extra to have it delivered early, but it wasn't.

Everytime I go for online I directly go to amazon but this time,I got a new cell phone HTC TITAN,after a month ago,the cell phone automatically switched to ON & OFF,and sometimes get hanged..this is what I got.

This phone's battery is perfect;the screen is perfect;the operating system is perfect;the camera is perfect;the size is perfect;the weight is perfect;the thickness is perfect;This phone disregards time for it is the Greatest of All Time and will be The Greatest of All Time!If you're awesome like me, you'll learn to appreciate this over any iphone, htc (even the titan 2), samsung, or nokia...

The windows phone os is nothing compared to an android os but it gets the job done. The large screen size of the htc makes typing and also viewing of documents or pictures a lot easier. It runs butter smooth too

This is a good phone I like it. Haven't had any problems at all with it so far. I'm happy with this purchase

Works fine with att I'm sure but no mms with net 10. Lacking vital apn settings. Web works but no pic text. Microsoft said they could fix this for $165.

ok when I order this phone I was so happy I said to my self .soon it'is working I dont care for the warranty.the was a big no not. avry day the phone download.a demonstration how to used the phone.and erase all my phone constactavrything.I reset the phone to factory setting many times and still dowloading the stupid demo.evry single day.now after 4 or 5 months I remember the seller said no warranty because they knew the something was wrong with the phone.

I had been using the Samsung Focus, a terrific Windows Phone, and decided to get the HTC Titan with its larger display and faster processor. I was not disappointed by either the screen or the speed. The battery life is better than the Focus too, but of course it's a year later and the Focus S is about to come out. On the downside, the large size makes it difficult to hit the back button one-handed and it's quite a bit heavier than the Focus.So if you're not concerned with the fact that the text-to-speech has an English accent or that "synchronise" is spelled with an S, and you don't need 3G/4G speed on T-Mobile, it's an impressive gadget.

Great phone but I found a problem with it, if you plug in an aux cable for external audio output the sound quality is really bad.

I never received it(HTC phone) but Amazon Mkt have refunded my cash which never make sense since i wasn't for the back back but the phone which mean this guy had no other option to make the phone get delivered,if at all there happened an interference during delivery process.However,i never understood what cause this to happen.

I have hated windows mobile for a very long time. But I really love the 7.5.And this HTC is a must have.

Nice phone with good features. It is very solid with a large and bold screen. It is a windows phone, so all you windows lovers should grab this. In summary it is a good buy for the price.

This phone looks and works great. I had to enter an unlock code that I received after emailing the seller which gave EXCELLENT customer support. I live in the Caribbean and the phone has no issues with the network. Very satisfied with this purchase.

Awesome phone great camera smooth and responsive for the money you can't get a better phone better than my HTC sensation unless you're big on droids this windows phone is grown and sexy.

Had the HTC Radar...this one is just as cool if not cooler. Pros: nice big screen for those of us that can't see well. Accepted my SIM without an issue. Arrive on time.Love the office features.Cons: Phone is bulky. Some apps don't work well. Overall, great for the price!

I love this phone, but i cant get pictures. It says somethinh about (Get Media Content now) and I dont know what that means.

I have been using the phone for almost three weeks, and so far I'm very happy with the choice I made.

I got this mobile for my friend and its good, except for the voice clarity is poor sometimes. There are many good features and my friend likes the mobile.

Disappointed. The phone was locked. A technician had it opened for me but each time it is turned off there is a request for the code used to unlock it. He subsequently had to re load the software used to on the phone - this has solved the problem. Needless to say this process cost me dearly.

This was my first hands on experience with a windows phone.The Good: Its an Excellent HTC Windows Phone, worth the Money and ease of use.The Bad: Its a Bit heavy & It doesn't come with an earphone.The Ugly: Pictured in Amazon as HTC Phone and you will receive an AT&T; unlocked one.

Besides the fact of it being a display phone the deliverer did offer me to return the phone for a full refund but after having the phone for a while I got used to the size and I don't want a contract so I'm making the best of tweeting my phone every morning I'm still a faithful amazon shopper

This phone was stated as unlocked phone. When it was purchased it was found to be a locked phone. Money was paid to unlock it. Seller was very good and refunded the unlock money back to me. This phone still keeps kicking back to the lock mode which is making it difficult to use. The technician that unlocked it stated there is a problem with the phone. I can not use it, which is very bad.

I've got it a week ago... Every thing works good for me... I think, it is pretty good phone for this price. HTC offered better features and quality for the price under $200 (comparing with other brands). A few things I didn't like. There is no Aps killer (I can not delete the Aps that I don't like). Also, it was kind of complicated to connect to the computer (I needed to download Zune(software) from internet to my computer). However, I like this phone, and recommend it to others.

There are things that I do not like in this item. The menu is too shirked, sometimes it stops working without reason and I have to restart it, the battery is low soon, and for the end, I would buy a cellular phone with more price than this....

the phone serves the purpose for which i got it. it appears strong and durable despite battery not as strong as i expected. for the price, it is ok.

Im Very HAppy With My New SMartPhone... EVerything ON The Box.. And REally Fresh New Unlocked Windows Phone.. GOOD STUFFFF

The HTC X310 is a great buy the Windows OS is a must have great features only down fall battery life is no too hot you have to make sure you have limited back ground  apps running.

Not only the seller was super supportive but also the phone came in time... Also the battery lasts forever... Even in 4G!!! I have owned Windows Phones in the past but just like the teaser for this: "Unlike anything I've ever held before"... Works great... The keyboard is very comfy... Videos, uff!!! Games, no comments!!! Lags??? Not at all!!! Even when I only have less than 1 Gb available... I'm in love with the phone... It came with no crapware from any carrier... And packed with a marketplace that has everything to entertain me and let me work...

I was leary to upgrade to a smartphone but my 'no G network' cellphone was no longer cutting it.I purchased this particular phone for the value and non-Android system. I'm completely happy.Not to mention the fast shipping! (arrived in two days!)The system is very user friendly.Internet connections are fast and load easily.  *remember it is limited to your cell provider and data usage plansI am still in the process of learning how to be smarter than my new smartphone but feel extremely optimistic and excited to utilize my nifty new gadget easily. (^ ^)

i will be receiving my phone today! :)..i just wanted to know if you could give me a unlock code ..because by looking at the reviews...it seems i will need one!

Great product with excellent battery. Good size, the display is perfect and Windows Phone runs ok. I strongly recommend this smart phone.

I bought this phone about 4 months ago and so far it has been a great phone. The screen is nice and clear and the phone is quick and responsive. This is the second HTC product I have owned and I am very satisfied. It has one of the most easy to operate OS around unless you need tons of the useless apps that IOS and Andriod provide. It is also great for business. It has Office and Ooutlook so you can work from your phone if need be. The finish and build quality also seem superior. Nice loud speaker and great cameras.

i bought this phone from &#34;Good guys &#34; and i like it, phone is really unlocked and its not AT & T . my friends want to buy too

I am very disappointed since this is not an internation version, it is AT&T; american brand phone.The picture is different than the phone you are going to buy.

When i received the package, the LCD did not function properly. Both home screen, lock screen and camera screen was flickering because of the LCD

I got this phone for my brother, it was kind of confusing to set it up, but all together we got it fixed, and he loves the phone!! It was also sold at a great price. The phone is a perfect size!!

The phone says unlocked in the website, the box and everywhere else and yet it is locked to AT&T so didn't get what I was expecting

I hate this phone because when you are looking for it on internet,the seller shows you that it is unlocked but truly it is not.I bought it from amazon,when i put in my Sim Card,it refused to work it keeps asking me Unlock Code yet they had shown me that it is unlocked.I can not recommend it to anyone else

Not a true code. Asks for the code every time the phone turns on. Something smells and its not the at&t; logo on the phone!!!!!!UPDATE:I was so disappointed with the performance of this phone that I decided not to buy any more phones on amazon (my second phone and second return from this site). I have since bought a samsung galaxy note from a different site and it works perfectly! It is an unlocked phone and it does not ask for a code every time you turn it on. Even though returns are hassle free (for me), I BUY things with the intention of keeping them. Not good, Amazon, not good.WHAT'S WORSE, AMAZON DELETES YOUR POST IF THEY THINK IT DOES NOT CONFORM TO THEIR VIEWS! WELL, GUESS WHAT? A STINKING CABBAGE IS JUST THAT...A STINKING CABBAGE!

its a great product and I will recommend it to everyone. it works well with 3g or 4 g services

Very good phone, I had no problems with it, the only problem is that the unlock code should ingresarce every time you turn on the phone.

Good morning the phone get locked as it is done, the should have come unlocked. A How does the phone

The best feature of this phone is its camera. amazing quality. I have never been a fan of windows phone, but they pretty straight forward. clear sound and amazing speakers. Battery is ok. It is worth the money

I've had my Titan for a week now - and I'm pretty happy with it.  Pros:  large beautiful screen which is especially good for my poor eyesight, nice interface and very smooth operation - with no lockups, and I don't think MS snoops in all of my email the way G**gle does!!  The build quality is very nice - this isn't a cheap plasticky phone.Cons:  I have tested my Titan against five other phones - in the same location and same carrier - and the Titan has the poorest / worst cellular reception.  It simply cannot hold onto a connection where the other phones could.  Also, so far it is not eligible for the upgrade to WP 7.8 - although that "upgrade" brings little to the table.  Not the Titan's fault but the Windows Marketplace is still seriously lacking.  And, even though the screen is pretty nice - it is a low resolution screen thanks to Windows Phone's hastily rushed to the market OS (only one screen resolution available on WP7).Other:  The Titan was sold as unlocked but it arrived locked to AT&T.;  To their credit, the seller was very responsive in getting an unlock code.  The box was obviously used and shopworn - and the Titan itself has a small blemish on the metal near the screen.  I suspect it is a refurb but I can't prove it.  That being said, it is a very nice phone and I am keeping it.******************** Edited on 24 MAR to add comments *************************This phone continues to not impress me.  To it's credit, the screen is large, bright and easy to read.  And, it runs smoothly and quickly.  When it is able to receive a celluar signal, it quickly connects, updates and downloads e-mail.  But, the key term here is reception.  I just tested it again at my place in Germany.  I have seven active SIM cards (Germany is pre-paid Heaven!) so I took the Titan and my iPhone4 to the basement laundry room where I live.  Both phones had a chip from the same carrier - LeBara - which uses the Telekom network here.  The iPhone4 - not 4s - had three bars of signal and cellular data worked.  My Titan had no signal - no nothing.  I wish I had known about this before I bought it.  And, I want to again warn anyone who might read this - closely check the seller's rating before you buy a phone here that is NOT shipped and sold directly by Amazon.  I'm pretty sure my phone was a return or refurb or at least a blemished model - and it was sold as new.

Phone worked great the first 3 days....Now I have to continue to detach the battery and re power due to screen black. Phone will work but screen completely black. Waist of time and Money!

This is a great phone! and packed with WP 7.8 it goes even further. I had lots of fun with it. But something that I miss is the batery life on this one. For the price today, this will be the best way one could enter the Windows Phone world. Fantastic hardware, will not give you any greef...

works as good as the galaxy and the skype is awesome. One there is a good network then you are good to go!

High performance phone, unlocked(I received it locked but with the unlocked cod attached. It works very well in Romania, no problems to use apps, games etc.

The phone was very nice and they were very quick with responding to all my questions.  I trust them completely!

i ordered HTC Titan X310E and i received HTC Titan X310A which is not factory unlocked.it came with AT&T; Logo

I just use my phone for 2.5 months and now my phone is not working anymore. The phone begun to turn off by itself and the screen started displaying a rainbow color and it will just turn off itself without even pushing the power button.

I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a fast smartphone, with great camera and lots of useful applications!

Came on time, but my problem was getting it put on my current plan. There was a few difficulties as this was in Portuguese and I don't speak anything beside English. Once I managed to get it set up, I could not send or receive mms messages. This for my teen was a big problem. The Windows 8 was fantastic but I will not order from this seller for any future unlocked phones.

Recieved the AT&T branded version of the phone.....not what i wanted. Other than that, good phone to have. The AT&T bloatware can be uninstalled as well so thats a BIG plus.

I Live in Brazil and a friend brought it t me. It works pretty well with Brazilian carrier, and it's my first time in WP and I'm living it. The device os really fast and full of animations everywhere and no lags at all. Display is amazing for browsing ans writing, peolple hub is also amazing. ID you are tired of Android and iOS interface you should definetelly try WP. At the beggining it looks too simple, but with time you discover all the OS has to offer.

I need to change the screen because do not work any more and is very expensive and I do not have money to pay this

Works nicely, good screen, music sound great but Bluetooth hit & miss. Overall love it. Love music from Xbox music and Netflix works great

HTC Titan is Full touch screen phone with 3G experience. It operates with both of the networks 2G and 3G with the bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 and HSDPA 850 / 900 / 2100 respectively.Size:This HTC phone is having the dimensions 131.5 x 70.7 x 9.9 mm with 160 grams of weight. It means this is a little heavier phone.Display:This phone has 4.7 inches S-LCD capacitive touchscreen having 16M colors with 480 x 800 pixels resolutions. It has more features as:-* Accelerometer sensor for UI auto-rotate.* Auto turn-off.* Gyroscope sensor.* Multi-touch input method.Sound:This cell phone has 3.5 mm jack with dolby and SRS sound enhancement. These features will give an awesome music quality and you can enjoy at the fullest. For playing audio and videos there are music players which can playa number of file formats.Camera:It is having an awesome 8 mega pixels camera with 32642448 pixels with LED flash, autofocus and Geo-tagging. This cam can capture your sweet moments in the high quality images. This can record videos too at 720p. The most liked thing in 3G phones is secondary camera and I am happy to letting you know that this phone has 1.3 mega pixels secondary camera to enjoy the video calling feature.Memory:It has 16GB internal memory with 512 MB RAM and there is no external memory in this cell phone. You can also store unlimited contact entries and call records in it.Connectivity:It has better support for GPRS, EDGE, 3G, WLAN, Bluetooth and USB features. You can enjoy the awesome internet connectivity with its 3G feature. Its 3g gives speed up to 14.4MBPS in HSDPA and 5.76MBPS in HSUPA band.Operating System:this is powered by Microsoft Windows Phone 7 Mango.CPU:It runs on 1.5 GHz Scorpion processor with Adreno 205 GPU and Qualcomm MSM8255 chipset. This will make the phone process the requests faster.Radio:FM radio with RDS effect.GPS:It has A-Gps support with bing maps.Battery: The battery inside it is Li-Ion 1600 mAh which gives back up up to 360 h (2G) / Up to 460 h (3G) in stand by mode and Up to 11 h 50 min (2G) / Up to 6 h 50 min (3G) in talk time mode.Final Verdict:- If you enjoy consuming media are going to love it. If you read a lot, watch a lot, play games a lot, surf the web a lot, you are definitely going to benefit here.- Few people may find the phone big to carry if your hand is small :)- Memory should have been expandable but still I say 16 GB not less.- As for whether or not this impresses as a Windows Phone 7 device, it is one of the top WP7 smartphones on the market and goes as far making Android and iOS dull by comparison. We love the social aspects, we love the interactive feel of the device, and how everything is brought to life by the OS, oh and that screen. Big really can be beautiful.

I cant find words to tell you all about product,first I was satisfyedd with delivery couse only 10 days and usage of this window phone is awsome,better that having some laptop with you couse you have all in one laptop and phone

the phone arrived as stated in the description...as a matter of fact it totally exceeded my expectation. nice large screen with very smooth operation. My only issue is that the battery life is not great but all in all a great phone!

The screen goes black and the phone is unresponsive other than buttons lighting up & vibrations, and it happens just after the return period!

Exactly what I wanted, a big screen, windows operations, great colors, and loud ass phone ring tones and great picture editiong

I really don't use my phone much.  But I did want a phone that looks nice and has tools that are of good quality.  To that end, I was looking for an unlocked phone to use with my prepaid T-Mobile sim that has a nice features.  What I liked most about this phone is the gps that works offline.  The HTC Titan is supposed have a very good GPS compared to other phones.  Thus far, my HTC seemed to have no problem picking up a satellite in a short amount of time.  There are free gps apps.  But I decided to get Navigon for about $30 because text to speech and spoken street names not available with other gps apps.  In addition, Navigon does not need a data connection to work.  Unfortunately, the Navigon maps are a bit out of date.  So I had to pay an additional $30 for updated maps.  The Location setting needs to be turned on before getting the gps to work as well.Wifi also works.  But you need to turn off the Cellular data connection.  Otherwise, the cell phone will think you are trying to use the data connection associated with your service provider and give you problems.If you don't have a data connection.  You need to put the phone on Airplane mode and set Location On before starting your GPS application assuming you have an application that does not require a data connection.Your choices of apps to download to the Titan can be found either in the Marketplace tile or you can shop on the larger screen of your PC on windowsphone.com and then look for the app on the Titan.Initially, I was concerned about the size of the Titan.  But now I actually like this size.  The larger than an iphone looks is a perfect size for me.  In fact, after owning this for a couple of weeks, I now perceive the iphone as a bit too small for my tastes.  I also like the feel of this phone.  It's thin body has a very solid look and feel to it.Quality of the camera is nice.  Digital zoom works great.  I love the panoramic feature of this camera where the camera takes multiple pictures and stitches them together into one picture to get a panoramic view.Bear in mind this phone has Windows 7.5 installed.  Titan II has Windows 8 installed.  This may limit the applications you can install on the phone.  Plus the Titan II with Windows 8 has slightly more features.

Nice, vivid big screen. Was tired of the Apple vs. Android game and found what I was looking for with a Windows phone.

Hi I love this phone and I am still using it. the only issue with windows is that they don't send updates as quick as android phones do but as far as ease and capabilities it is great.

The HTC Titan is everything you need and more. It's very fast, has a very large screen and the windows phone 7 OS is very intuitive and esay to use. The phone has an excellent screen reslution and reproduce music and videos perfectly. I recommend it greatly.

Its good but can't download the latest flash player which sucks biggie when it comes to videos and streaming online

first of all this phone is NOT unlocked.. it tooks 3 weeks to receive the unlock code.the phone I received was like a demo phone to be used in the store. Filled with random contacts and random messages. I tried to perform a soft and a hard reset and it always come back to the demo mode. Even after unlocking the phone, I will had the screensaver activating when it was charging. Demo Screensaver with the functionalities. I wasn't able to disable it.The phone was accepting my LiveID but always giving error to sync. Wasn't able to add Facebook account, only to download the app and log into facebook for windows phone.I returned the phone and expecting to receive a new one, several friends have a windows phone and it doesn't give those errors.

in the publication indicate that the phone is unlocked and is lying to get with bands of telecommunication in USA, also do not specify that the equipment is exclusive to AT & T and would not be sold in Latin America and they can not change the language to Spanish and the software is exclusive to AT & T. The team can be very good but in Latin countries is not feasible. They are more retailers with products sold so we do not have problems with what we buy.

htc x310e has all good features loaded in it with a best price tag.unlocked 3g phone having equivalent features of iphone just for about 170$ is awesome.

I love the retail package in this international version. It come with everything that it's supposed to come with. Awesome phone. Moved to this from a Samsung Focus and I love the screen size and overall heft of the phone. Highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a big screen Windows phone.

it a good phone but with windows 7.5 you cant download as many apps such as snapchat or vine onto the phone... however i can live without those apps.. love the phone!!

because they lied to me they said that the phone was unlocked but when I recieved it  the phone  wasn't unlocked so now I found it difficult to use it I have to go to the nearby store for them to help me unlock it that is more money for me

I bought this phone as a gift for my husband almost a year ago and I have to say I have never been so upset at a gift in my life... :-( My husband is always on the phone for work, so I decided the use it would get justified the price....I am giving this phone 1 star simply because it has never performed its number one &#34;phone duty&#34; -- ie a device which transmits and receives sound...No one could ever hear my husband on this phone....it has caused so much unnecessary stress. My husband otherwise loved everything else the phone could do, however the fact that he had to carry around a second phone always to call someone back, was...well, I think you understand... It does however takes surprisingly wonderful pictures, but we have cameras, we didn't pay all this money for another one... Unfortunately, we live overseas so there was no way to return it once I brought it back with me... &#34;Luckily&#34; almost a year later, the screen has broken, so we are now forced to buy another phone...unfortunately as I am searching now, I am very skeptical to spend so much money on another HTC...

My HTC phone's Hard disc died on my HTC II, and AT&T; would not let me upgrade early, so I had to risk this phone purchase. To my delight. This phone accepted my At& T Sims card, and Worked with no Problem. The Default language is Portuguese, but easily can be changed to English. I have had no trouble with this phone. My only bit of advice. Being that this phone is metal does not make it industrial. A drop on a cement surface can very easily crack the glass. I advice You to but the case straight up with the phone purchase.Otherwise. it is a great phone. I love the operating system, which is Windows 7/ 8 Tiles.

This phones works great however the Internet sharing (hotspot) is locked by AT&T.  I don't live in the USA and so I can't get it unlocked.  I am disappointed by this.

This phone is a fantastic deal for the price. It has a great camera and it proves that HTC phones are some of the best in the market. The only downside is that there are not so many applications for Windows operating system. Hopefully, that will be resolved in the near future.

Pieces missing, did not turn on, waste of time and did not meet my expectation. Save your money don't buy.

To me, I don't know how I can express my rating but I am totally disapointed.I can't recommend it to someone even if he likes it from online viewing because they tell us lies.It is useless now. It was supposed to be Unlocked but really it is not. Now I can't used it.I don't know what to do with it.

I am not yet used to windows phone yet, but it seems to be nice. One thing, I downloaded the Netflix app and t runs. But when I want to run Netflix from Internet Explorer, it doesn't run, shows some hardware requirement which apparently this phone doesn't have. When I start watching something in Netflix app, for first few minutes the video is blur, but it becomes good gradually, I don't know why. This phone is fast, and has nice screen.

Order this product because i was moving to a new phone company. Did have a problem with the phone when i got it but the reason a rated this with 5 stars is because the seller contacted me right back when i emailed them and helped me resolve this issue. I appreciated all their help.

BUY IT! All I can really say. Outstanding phone, never let me down and never will. Just, simply, amazing. You WILL regret it if you don't buy it now after reading this.

I gave this product 4 stars because I love the phone. I've had mine about a month now and it is a hell of an upgrade from my last phone. I was skeptical of the windows setup but love it.However I fell short of giving it 5 stars because it is a BUYER BEWARE. You have to be a little tech savvy if you order this phone because the instructions and phone come in Portuguese. You can change the language in the phone when you set it up. To the people with straight talk it works great with straight.talk that's what I have. Overall top of the line phone for a bargain price.Update:If you have 7.5 windows, you will have to upgrade after a month or so, because you won't have good reception for calling,  and your data will also start to slow down a little bit.  After the upgrade, you'll have windows 7.8, which is almost like windows 8.  My internet is a little taste and my reception is great.

A little while back I purchased a Samsung Focus which was my first taste of the WP7 OS and it was the best phone I ever had that wasn't an iPhone.  I lost that phone and I needed a replacement and since I didn't want to fork over another $160, I got a cheap Android Froyo device.  WOW, I was so miserable using that thing that I regretted not getting a quality device!  Enter the Titan.Obviously the screen size is the big feature (pun intended). You can feel how it affects the user experience in a very good way when using the keyboard, the dial pad, and apps because it feels more natural and easier to navigate and touch. Viewing and taking pictures on it is just stellar. The HTC also has very good looks and if you have an eye for design it does not disappoint.  It sports a rugged yet minimalist style. I couldn't help but compare it to a miniature iPad 1 because of the defined edges and curves on the back.  Even with my medium to small sized hands, the HTC still feels great to hold because its so well built. Overall I'm impressed and I don't think pictures do it justice.The Titan comes with other features that I didn't expect simply because I thought all WP7 phones were exactly the same with the exception of the casing and maybe a few spec bumps but I was wrong.  The device comes with built in SRS sound enhancing (a hugely pleasant surprise for me personally), a feature called "attentive phone" which changes the behavior of the phone when its in your pocket or when you get a call, and tons more tones to choose from compared to my old Samsung.  One thing that I should highlight is the battery life.  The battery life on my old Focus was awful and was probably the only drawback it had but the Titan, despite its larger screen and more horsepower, manages to hang in there steady for longer times.  In the end I think this is a very good device and I'm quite glad I bought it.

Ordered from M5 Communications and my phone would not charge even when I used a different charger. It kept turning on and off even when I factory reset the device. It was DEFECTIVE and the packaging plastic inside the phone was poor. I will not order from M5 anymore.

This is a great buy if you are in the market for a new smartphone and don't have any preconceived notions about the superiority of one platform over another (Android, iOS, Windows Phone 7). The features of the Windows Phone 7 operating system (this phone has the Mango build aka WP 7.5) has been documented on many websites, blogs and videos. I am not going to repeat all of them here.The Phone Hardware -1. HTC has created a phone that is (very) large but holds well in your hand. The phone is not too heavy and does not feel uncomfortable even for the times I am in the "single hand operation" mode.2. The display is clean and the default theme looks sharp.3. The phone that was shipped to me was targeted at the UK market and the system settings defaulted to UK. It was very easy to change the region, keyboard and search settings from UK to US.4. The battery holds charge very well and lasts an entire workday (12 - 13.5 hours) with my heavy data and phone use.5. The camera takes good pictures but can underperform in low light inspite of the dual flash. The camera comes with a panorama mode that allows you to stitch 3 photos to form a wide angled view. I am not sure if this is a default OS feature or that of HTC but it should allow for at least 8, like some other phones.The Phone Software --1. The best feature of the Windows Phone OS is the Live Tile. The tiles allow for a "glance and go" operation and serve as a great notification tool.2. The integration of Facebook, Linkedin, Messenger, Google allows for unified contact management. This may not seem useful in the beginning and I too was a sceptic but it has grown on me to the point that I cannot do without it. I can swtich between SMS, Facebook and Messenger chat on the same thread!!!3. The Windows MarketPlace app store has all major apps that most people would need. There may be some apps that are missing but I doubt it will be a dealbreaker for 99% of the folks. In fact, in the past 2 months I have seen a sizeable increase in the number of mainstream apps.4. Integration of Bing Search (available as a standard key) is very useful. Bing has voice and visual search integrated. It takes away the need to have Shazaam (for identifying audio tracks) or a separate Bar Code reader.5. Bing Maps is good within the USA but I use gPro Maps (a version of Google Maps) as it has additional detail when I am traveling outside the country.5. The keyboard is nice. Types really well and your speed will improve as you start using the word suggest feature.

My bad, i trusted the dealer. The phone is not unlocked not working with my Asia region Sim card. This is a very poor service by amazon, clearly it says on display on site that phone can work with Asia/Europe frequencies but they are lying. Guys rethink once going for this phone. Phone is really a great deal and I had used that it is just flawless. but aware of unlocked or not.

The phone is a good cellular.  Windows Phones have their limits and I look forward MS corects them: PLEASE INCLUDE lights to know that there is a new message. Browser is kind of slow.  Search with Bing.  Poor Maps outside US, places, restaurants, bars also hard to find in America.  Phone came LOCKED. Besides that is a good phone.

Windows phone ,good camera,easy to use,lo recomiendo 100%,otros tel&eacute;fonos tienen un precio mucho mal alto,menos funciones,4.7 inch de screen ,fabuloso.
