
when i got it , it was like new , works great, large screen, where i got it from mailed out quick and packed it well

Thanks, I received it today and I'm H.A.P.P.Y!!!!

I've been through quite a few phones and this is my best so far, my second Android to be exact, probably my millionth phone though, lulz, first phone I've had with no freezes, ever. The dual core processor at 1.5ghz is marvelous, might not be the same chipset as the original s2, but the extra processing speed makes up for it without a doubt, the gpu might not be as great as the mali 400 but I can't lie, I've not been disappointed by any of the games and videos I've thrown at it so far, full 1080p videos, looking crisp as ever. Alongside the 42mbps down speed, you don't actually get that, max speed I've gotten so far on speed test is about 15mbps, but serious, would you notice the difference with pages loading faster than any other phone you own and downloads finishing so quickly you need to check if your wifi is on or something? Call quality is also marvelous, no dropped calls for the 4 months I've had mine and I'm still on the stock rom that comes with it, I've actually had no need to root this device, probably the best stock rom I've ever come across or is it the processor that's so fast it's making it look good on samsung's behalf and t-mobile's? Who knows, the screen size was my main attraction knowing I've had issues with even 4inch screens, reason being why I was never fascinated by the iphone, though it is a decent device, but my thumbs are a little big, the screen makes typing so much easier and simpler. And customization wise? Well thanks to Android, I don't need to root to do that, just download whatever customizations I want right off of the play store, anything more complicated that requires root is pretty simple on the device to do too, root is just a click a way, thanks to xda devs for that. So that's about it for my review, getting a little too much on the lengthy side, though I have a lot more I could say, lol. This will most likely be the only phone I'll stay on for more than 6months, since it pretty much satisfies the geek in me, well until something just as solid in the next generation of handsets comes along and well, that depends on if I ever get tired of this phone as well, which doesn't seem to be anywhere close.

Love this phone, much better than my HTC MyTouch 3G. Fast fast fast, and runs even better after upgrading to Ice Cream Sandwich with Kies. I get about 8 hours of battery life with normal usage and several applications running in the background, which isn't bad. If you are looking for a neoprene slip case for this phone, do a search for the Case Logic NGCU-1 Nintendo DS case, it's a perfect fit.

&#34;It say unlocked GSM but My phone was blocked. There is really no way to contact K&K realty enterprises. Called amazon they said they couldn't contact them either all they could do is refund me my money. I thought maybe if I spoke with or contacted someone from K&K realty enterprises they would courteously change my blocked phone for a real unlocked one. hope some1 from K&K reads this&contacts me!!&#34; Phone is in great condition but won't work as a phone. I don't need a media player I already have an ipod for that. Have not got a reply from seller

I received a cell phone and it had problems to charge it (problems with the plug) Addiotionally, the charge lasted just a few hours. They said by phone that they don't problems to give me another cell and the money I spent to send it back to them will be paid to me by cash or in my credit card. Finally, they sent me another cell phone which has some problems related to configuration and never returned the money spent on sending the original cell phone.

I have now owned this phone for about 9 months. It is the best phone i've ever owned. It's liking owning a miniature computerand the phone part is along for the ride for free.

I have had this phone for the past few weeks and so far I am liking it more.  I strongly recommend this product.

very very nice phone,actually the best one i had ever have,i'd used the iphone 4s too,sorry to say that i don't for some reason like the iphone much,and the ipod too given to me,i don't  do mac neither,but this phone really suprised me.the previous reviews said it all,i don't do a whole lot of technical stuff,but the phone is slick,fast very accurate.i'm enjoying it.

The phone itself is nice.  The T-mobile programing might be faulty.  I don't know how or why but I get charged for Roaming while using the WIFI phone option.  Doesn't make sense...but damn it's a nice phone.

This is one of the fastest Android phones on the market, really good price for it as well. This phone is superior to the iPhone 4s. The specs are packed and the gorgeous big screen just makes the 4s look like a toy.

This phone exceeded my expectations.  It is awesome.  My son loves it.  I have the SIII, but now want an SII.

This is my first smart phone so far wonderful look very nice. bought a micro sd card recently. will post more later.

Defective! !!!!!!  On arrival.  This device came not working at all; when the battery was inserted,  without turning it on, it started vibrating.  After three hours of charging, the device still did not come on, no battery indicator; to show the battery is charging.  The device was 100% defective.  Attempt to communicate with the seller fails.  When I requested to return the device, a label was sent without even contacting me which I believe they Know the the device was defective but sent it anyway.  Please don't waist your time looking at this device because if you order it, they will send the defective one that I return

Love my new phone!!! One of the greatest phones out there!! iphone can't even come close!!! Phones came brand new and seller was very prompt at responding to my shipping question! Thanks unitek!! Great job! In love with my t989!!!

I regret buying this phone.  1.  there are times where I will call someone, but they can't hear me because of this high pitched stat-icky sound. I have to restart the phone.  2. I will place the phone down and it will just turn off!  Batteries are charged and everything.  3.  the charging port is already worn out.  I have't had the phone for a year!  I invested my $$ in this phone because I wanted a good quality phone without a contract.  It's especially important for my business, as I get my calls forwarded to me cellular.  What a piece of trash this thing is!  Now I need to get a new charging port. I just hope that I can get this fixed asap.  Do not invest in this phone!

i found this to be quite a lot of fun to use and very fast. it is a change from the iphone and i like the swipe technology

AM AN IPHONE USER, FROM 3GS TO 4G BUT THIS PHONE IS THE BEST EVER BECAUSE IT HAS ALL THE ANSWER TO MY QUESTION AND ALL THE SOLUTION TO ALL MY PROBLEMS THAT HAS TO DO WITH PHONE. I LOVE IT!!!

When it works it's good. But most of the time I can leave it plugged in overnight and no charge. Other times it dos charge. Can't depend on it to be charged. I have tried at least 4 different chargers and 3 batteries. Doesn't seem that bigger batteries are available either.

Better then and iPhone 4S1. 4G that 2MB down vs 42MB down 40MB more faster2. Looks nicer3. Just as thin4. bigger screen more viability on full desktop websites5. More free apps on the Android market6. Easier to jailbreak or root7. Has flash for true internet experience8. more customizable10. Fastest Android phone out yet till quad core comes out11. cheap 4G monthly plans12. Widgets for Facebook updates &Twitter; weather and others14. Battery can be changed15. Has mini SD  memory16. do you really need me to say more just buy it

The phone came in with the original box and I love how it came with a protective case on it. The phone is almost like brand new and in perfect condition!

Not only is this phone fast and powerful but it is customizable and personalizing beyond explanation. This phone is better than the iPhone 4s in my opinion. Android keeps rocking harder and the specifications are jacked to the max. I have one and I'm on it all the time. The 4.5"in screen is sick...great phone, highly recommended. : )

purchased the 2 phones from seller in December 2013. my problem started with one of 2 of the phones in or around about the end of January or beginning of February 2014. What I thought was a defective phone turned out to be a phone that was stolen (unpaid VIA T-Mobile). My phone carrier of 12 years explained this to me. The phone I purchased has the IMEI # blocked due to non payment of merchandise. For those that don't know what this means; it means that someone went into a T-Mobile authorized dealer store with the intent to buy the phone VIA payment plan, however they did not complete the financial agreement through T-Mobile, HENCE T-Mobile blocked the IMEI# so no one could use the phone. I attempted to resolve the issue with ROSS CELLULAR and they have and continue to brush me off . Feed me their 30 day return policy, When clearly it is VOID due to the circumstance. I've been passed off to various people @ ROSS CELLULAR. NON of which corrected my problem or showed that they even care. DONT PURCHASE FROM THIS BOGUS COMPANY/STORE whatever they perpetrate to be. When it comes down to it they are NOT REPUTABLE.

The phone came in but did not connect to the network.  I took it to my local cell carrier but they couldn't figure out what was wrong with it either. Returned it for a refund.

This is my second smart phone and first Galaxy. I came off an HTC Incredible with Verizon so let me list the positives and negatives.Positives:1) Came with Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich, a marvelous upgrade and a quad core processor which produces very fast uploads and downloads2) Allows me to run Google Chrome, a very fast and versatile browser3) Unlocked and open version, allowing me to insert differing GSM Sim cards if I go to another country4) Booted up with a Koodo (a Cabadian provider) label. I feared it night be locked, but upon inserting a T-Mobile SIM, immediately reognized it. Went to Settings>More>Mobile Networks>Network Operators and selected T-Mobile, the provider I am using, also showed ATT was available if I decide to change5) Very fast, be warned that if you are using T-Mobile it will not show 4G, instead H+, lots of arguments about true 4G6) Allows acceptance of up to a 32GB micro SDHC, an advantage I think over the Samsung Galaxy SIII7) Good battery life, I was surprised that I could surf and e-mail on wifi for 12 hours without recharging and still had about 40 percent left8) Crisp and bright screen, easily readable even with reduced brightness9) Dual screen e-mailer, allowing a view of e-mails without opening10)Frees me from Verizon's continual contract negations upon upgrading and from a contract period when I enrolled with T-Mobile. Verizon is good, but too expensive for my blood. We'll see how I get along with T-Mobile since 95 percent of my use is in my home11) Easily rootable, allowing complete backups, tethering and other niceties12) Seller's description and service were spot on. Phone was new and in original packagingNegatives1) This is a GSM phone and GSM is noted for poor reception inside buildings2) Both T-Mobile and ATT do not have the coverage that Verizon does, so you are paying a price if you expect to use it inside a concrete structure or in a low reception area3) On/Off button is poorly placed on upper right hand side, resulting in inadvertent ons and offs4) The sleek design is also slick, and phone is easily dropped because it is thin and hard to grasp. Correct by encasing in a silicone case5) The back cover is a very thin plastic, also corrected by a case6) I live in a dead spot area, will correct by the addition of a Wilson Electronics-DT-Cell Phone Signal Booster for Small Home or Office. I'll review it separately when installedOverall ImpressionJust a marvelous phone, regardless of the provider

I bought 2 of these phones, and they were in great condition and packaged well (the phone itself was bubble wrapped and then all of the components were bubble wrapped together), but one of them was not unlocked as had been specified.

So this phone came great... shiny, beautiful and everything I wanted in my first phone. It was cool until I plugged in the phone to my wall and computer by USB and it refused to charge. It is now dead and will not accept the charge at all, it just vibrates and tells me the connection is bad. I am going to return it when I get home from work today, but I just want to fair warn people that this seems to be a growing problem (after google searches) and be prepared to return the phone a few times.

I thought everything was listed in the description, but turns out there was more and the faults listed are invisible.

I've been an iPhone user for five years and it it a quality phone. However, my Samsung Galaxy S2 is leaps and bounds ahead of the 4 and 4S by Apple. It is screaming fast 4G, has a removable battery, plus a SD card. There is so much more I can do with such programs as Tasker. The screen is beautiful (Samsung makes the processor and screen for the iPhone 5. Moving to Samsung was like a man marrying up! Thx Samsung. One can see why Apple is suing Samsung. Apple sells about 30% of all phones, Samsung 58%. So while I will keep my iPad and Macbook Pro, I will be a Samsung phone user for a long time to come.

this phone is a great phone but all of a certain you get a tw has stopped message .,my phone has froze up and i can not reset it. i read others reviews and apparently this happens to all the samsung galaxy  s II phones

great phone..my only problem was expecting it to be a slimmer model similar to the one I had with Straight Talk (can't recommend them as they would not allow me to unlock that phone after having it over a year plus I paid full price for.)but I feel I got a better model with this purchase and it works flawlessly with my new service.

I love my phone and still have not looked into all of the features that are included. I have had it for about 6 months and no problems with it as of yet. I'm happy and yes it takes great pictures!!!!!!!!!!!

My S2 was stolen while travelling abroad and I was looking to replace it with the same model.  I received the new phone on time and it worked for the first two days.  The first day, the phone locked and I had to do a factory reset.  The phone would only hold a charge for four hours in standby mode.  Today was the second day of ownership and I woke to find it was completely dead, so I plugged it in to charge it and nothing happened.  I tried removing and re-installing the battery to no avail.  The phone is already at the UPS store being shipped back.

compre to the oferta Que tenia y me llego of phone no unlocked. of vendedo ofrecio un phone unlocked. No I'm not happy about not being unlocked

The phone connected for a short while.  I took it to three T-Mobile stores, one of which told me the phone was refurbished, although it came in what seemed to be factory packaging.  They were unable to make the phone connect.  I sent the phone back to Samsung, they told me the phone was fully operational, but they could not connect to T-Mobile, either.I called T-Mobile for the third time, and they told me that the phone was blocked because I was not the owner, and that the phone initially worked because there was a time lag in their blocking system.  It appears the phone is either stolen, or the previous owner leased it and is not making payments.Besides the paying for phone service for the last two months, and having a non-working phone, I also lost my apps and data.  I have several hundred dollars in a pre-paid account the phone will not connect to, which is disappearing at the rate of $50 a month, so I hope this can be resolved quickly.UPDATEAmazon has been very helpful, and has treated me fairly.  My phone is now working.Unitek told me T-Mobile was blocking the phone because I didn't buy it from them.  T-Mobile says the phone was blocked because it's stolen.  Samsung says the phone is in perfect order.I sent the phone back to Unitek, and they returned it wiped, but working.  The IMEI number on the phone's paper label, and the IMEI label on box the phone came in, are different.  When the phone came back from Unitek, the IMEI number had been changed internally and did not match either of the other two numbers.Changing IMEI numbers on stolen phones is so common that there is proposed legislation, the "Mobile Device Theft Deterrence Act of 2013" that will, if passed, make reprogramming a phone's IMEI a crime punishable by up to five years in prison.More detail.  Many Android phones are identified by an IMEI (International Mobile Equipment Identity) number.  When a phone is stolen, a carrier blocks the phone using the IMEI.  This can take several months to happen.  So, even though you receive a working phone that appears to be new, that doesn't mean it will continue to work.There is a database of stolen phones, the Central Equipment Identity Register.  If a device is blacklisted in that database, it won't connect to any network.  Consumers do not have access to the database.You may find a phone's original IMEI under the battery.  The actual number can often be found in the phone's setup menu.  Sometimes dialing *#06# will produce it.  If it works, the IMEI will appear when you enter the last #.If you have a similar problem, this may help.  T-Mobile's telephone support will not help you unless you can supply your account PIN (Personal Identification Number), which you may not have readily available.  It was a problem for me because we were spending most of the winter in Florida to be with my wife's ailing mother.  T-Mobile staff at their stores will initially refuse to help without your PIN, but if you present sufficient identification, they should give you the number.  Sales staff may be unaware they can do that, but when I asked them to check policy, gave me my PIN.Store personnel will call phone support.  T-Mobile's phone support varies widely with respect to training and English fluency, but the store can more easily access a higher tier.  For reasons I don't understand, T-Mobil's phone support cannot reliably tell you if your phone has been blocked, but I got that information on the fifth call to them, not including visiting three T-Mobile brick and mortar stores.Store staff will swap your SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) card, which will lose anything stored on your old SIM card, but the phone will remain blocked .  Before you let that happen, back up your information.  With your permission, they will reset your phone to its original state, which loses everything stored on the phone. It does not unblock the phone.Samsung supplies a program, Kies. It will backup some of the information on your Samsung Android phone.  It can also be used to update the Android operating system.  I strongly suggest you use Kies before you take your Samsung phone to a T-Mobile store.When I add up the cost of the phone, T-Mobile service I couldn't use because the phone wouldn't connect, shipping the phone to Samsung and Unitek, and the apps on it, the phone has cost $630.33 to date.  I have no confidence the phone is legal, or will continue to work with the new IMEI.According to an Internet advertisement, T-Mobile will sell me the same phone, no contract, for $463.99, and give me $50 worth of free time, which is $413.99 for the phone.  Unitek was a bad mistake, but I learned from it.

Pros:FastLightMicro SDGSMReplaceable Batteryvery large screenUpdated to Ice Cream Sandwich.Cons:Plastic design takes some getting use to if your use to a heavy phone.Easy to expend the battery if you spend a day gaming or watching video, but you can get an extended battery.----Bottom lineI've used cheap smart phones before and it is certainly worth the extra cash to buy something you can be happy with.

The phone was supposed to be brand new.it was not. It had an after market charger, no headphone, neither the owner manual. I will personally never buy from this seller again. If i was in your shoes, i would think twice before purchasing.

Order came on time and well packaged and all.  Seller responded on time to questions. First android phone, everything I do must have google associated with it and apps want to have access to my contacts, messages, etc. why?!!! I do not like google, very intrusive, greatest privacy invaders I kknow. I don't think I will buy android again. I like everything about the phone minus the android. Phone does hang up at timess, i will not recieve vm or text msgs for a while and my test msgs also will will get delivered without me knowing.  Once i restart the phone, everything gets released. I miss the days of simple phone.

Overall, i really love the phone. One little thing is it will lag from time to time which is really annoying. Other than that, great phone

It says 4G; however it is not 4G!!! It is actually 3G! Anyhow, the phone works great and it is pretty fast.

Love my new Samsung Galaxy S II phone!  It is my second Android phone and so far it's incredible.  My first Android was a Motorola and I anticipated a learning curve with this phone but I quickly adapted to it.  I had a Samsung in the past which I hated and couldn't wait to trade in so I was not looking forward to giving them another chance, but I'm glad I did.  I have all my favorite apps customized to to the screens organized the way I use them. Have not used the camera, yet but I can't imagine that would be a deal breaker.

After carefully researching for the proper phone, I ordered this one. After receiving it, I learned the phone was NOT &#34;unlocked&#34;, therefore probably not new either. If the company selling the phone or Amazon would have provided a phone number I could have called for the phones IMEI # and saved me a lot of time and frustration. As it is I suffered w/o a phone unnecessarily and had to send the phone back. Nedless to say, I bought the phone elsewhere even at a higher price! Verrry disastisfied with the mis-representations and inability to contact vender directly...

I have purchased this smartphone unlocked for my wife,seller sent thru ups before the time. I am using with simple mobile sim card with unlimited voice,text and data is working great.Now we are on  vacation in India using this phone with local airtel GSM sim with voice,text and data working great, My wife loves this innovative phone.I will give 5 stars for this smartphone and seller.

The phone is nice. Almost perfect condition. The only thing i miss is the LED flash for notifications. but its worth it if you dont mind that.

The phone is better than what I expected.  The quality was excellent.  And now a year later it is still going strong.  I can say that this device will not let you down.

Love it! So happy to move to a newer phone! Have been using a Blackberry 8310 for the last 4 years. So happy!

This is my 2nd or 3rd S2. I can't remember how many times I've returned it. Every time they give me a brand new piece of garbage that doesn't work. It freezes all the time and gives the "not enough memory" error every time I try to do anything. No matter how many times I use a task killer to play "whack a mole" with the dozens of self-starting, uninstallable, garbage apps, I can't get enough ram free to do anything.

I purchased this phone but turned out defective.  It only worked for 2 days and malfunctioned by the 3rd day.  It's seem to be a good phone if it works.

Bought this phone less then 6 months ago and now it will start up and shuts down again. Checked for fixes only to find out this is a common problem for Samsung Galaxy. Tried several options from tech support sources but all support came to the same conclusion, phone is worthless and needs to be replaced. Checked with vendor iDeal Xpert only to find out NO Warranty. I'm out hundreds of dollars. Don't buy Samsung Galaxy phones and Don't buy from iDeal Xpert.

any one can tell me is this gonna work on simple mobile or any gsm network.pls -lz.looks great phonewill work great hope

this item was damage and i recieve another mobile and it was damage. i recieved wrong item. Samsung i9100 Galaxy S II

This is a b'day gift to my wife and she liked it so much. She is happy so am I. Technically, great smart phone!

Great phone these were the perfect people to buy the phone from. Great service!!! Came brand new no marks nothing at all.At first i was nervous but after reading some of the other reviews on here i was okay.I never got a good vibe from the other sellers they just didn't look professional.Amazon are the best!!!!!!!
