
She didn't like it at first because she isn't exactly the most technologically advanced person out there. But I bought it because I used to have it. Love the phone. It isn't too troubling and it is fantastic for those just getting into smart phones.

I had the Incognito and I loved it so I thought I'd try this phone. Big mistake. The phone has problems locking so when I'm on the phone it often presses buttons. The part of the phone that holds in the battery fell of and got lost. There is a little air bubble in the middle of the screen that will not go away. Don't waste your money.

Satisfied but no wifi & smaller earphone port its basic phone but fit my needs.would recommend to someone as starter phone

Wife has had this phone for over a year now and it is still in almost brand new shape. Holds up well and is easy to use.

Woooooooooow what a phone ! Beautiful look clear nice price & great boost service. Bought for my wife she loves this phone made her very happy ! P.S this same phone in store for  $ 40.00 more thanks for continue to bring us great deals at low low price & great quality :) :) :) :)

I got earlier version may 2010 for $210. touch keyboard on outerside is not practical. voice quality is poor whether you talkwith case opened or closed. at first it was even difficult tofigure out how to better use it - opened or closed. sunlight readibilityis poor - can see screen on sunny day. this phone is only goodfor texting. I had simple Samsung phone for $50 new that workedmuch better.

Got the phone checked it out and it looks almost new!!! Went through it's functions and I have to say it's pretty good for what I call a semi smart phone. It tend to freeze a little but I just closed it and reopened it and it was fine. Using as a replacement for Evo that crapped out on me and for the price I couldn't beat the functionality of it especially since I can still access my gmail and other things and most of all I can TEXT again LOL... It does have a couple drawbacks like the older style headphone jack so you won't be using skull candies or sony in it but it's a nice phone none the less. Great volume on the ringtones... this thing is loud!!!Thank you dgicircle... ya got me out of bind.

If you want a good cheap phone, this will do. The buttons are small for my fingers (LARGE) and the voice quality could be better. It stores 600 contacts and calls people. That is all I want

I disagree with some of these reviews at least the negative review. Customers with negative reviews r never please no matter how hard u try to please them these customers with not so nice reviews will have issues with the more expensive cell phone to so u can't make people happy with the expensive prepaid cell phone or the less expensive!!! Customers this Boost Mobil prepaid cell phone is one of the most durable well made prepaid cell phone u can buy and most of all I'm assistant manager at Best Buy and this cell phone runs $129.99 exactly so u r getting a good deal!! Because the Boost Mobil was considered one of the best made cell phones for prepaid!!! As well as AT&T prepaid!! I bought this cell phone as a Birthday present and he was extremely satisfied with the cell phone!!!  Good reception ! Very duraible !! Touch tone in front full qwerty keyboards!!! I would recommend this cell phone any day to friends and family !!! And to teens especially!!! Thank you Kristen !

This phone is cute, small, compact and feels sturdy.  Don't like the fact that it freezes; very frustrating and I'm tired of taking the battery out.  Last week I couldn't hear anything unless I put it on speaker.  Was told this was because Boost mobile was upgrading to 4G. (hope that's the problem.)  Tried to use GPS and after I typed everything in was told request could not be completed now--try back later.  Good thing I had a real GPS.  The biggest downfall for me is the battery life.  I like to use a bluetooth and this phone is definitely not for bluetooth users. The battery life is already not what I would like for it to be without the bluetooth; with the bluetooth it's really bad.  And for all you disputers out there who like to dispute others reviews that you don't agree with, this is my experience with this phone.  It's ok for those who don't need bluetooth; and maybe all the phones don't freeze; maybe it depends on the area you are in.

I am trying to avoid the costs of data plans for a smart phone, but I need a full sized keyboard. This is one of few phones which remain on the market for my carrier. I purchased this model and had problems immediately. The phone would drop calls without warning, and in spite of the front cover being locked. When I wanted the front keyboard to work, it would mysteriously lock. This has created enormous embarrassment for me, and caused annoyance and inconvenience to others.  I read the customer reviews, which reported the same problems. I learned, too late, that it is also a common problem for the battery cover to fall off. Because there are no other options, and due to the low price, I have again purchased this exact phone, as a replacement.  This time, I purchased a fancy cover to protect the flimsy battery cover. The decorative cover fits perfectly, and the new phone has only dropped two calls in the week since activation. My fingers are crossed.

I used to have an old Boost Mobile Motorola i465 phone that was amazing at texting/calling. After using this phone for well over a year it was time to switch, because the device started to malfunction. The Innuendo has many features but, the phone began to fail me after a couple days of use. The screen would constantly freeze, so I'd have to take out the battery repeatedly every single day I've had it. The web browser is for the most part slow, ugly, and clunky, like most phones [with the exception of smart phones]. The touch screen interface is a complete joke, if more than anything it is extremely ANNOYING. More often than once have I hit a button when I get a new message and I've called more people then I care to say by accident. Not only that, but it's a bit annoying when the touch screen won't respond to me clicking end when I want the call to be over. The cell service will go from 3 bars to no service when I use it but I suggest IF YOU get this, be sure to have complete coverage in your area. The place I live in is spotty so dropped calls, etc are common, strangely the last Boost Mobile phone I had never had this problem. Also, when I try to text, I'm never able to send a message when i'm under 3 bars. Pictures take FOREVER to send, [Again, if you live in a high-coverage area this won't be much of a problem]. The only reason I bring this up is because my old phone used to send picture messages instantly, and comparing it to this one was a downgrade. I'm already planning on buying another phone, because this one hasn't even lasted me 4 months. I suggest you do your research and see if this is the right product for you. For the cost, it's not bad, but bare in mind that you need to be in a high-coverage area for this to be an okay phone. Don't buy this if you aren't. My old phone was under Boost Mobile and had the same coverage and yet calls NEVER dropped, they were excellent. Messages always sent. This phone was a COMPLETE downgrade for me.PROS: Wonderful keypad, works only if you live in a somewhat high coverage area [3-5 bars]CONS: Constant freezing, touch screen interface is more annoying than helpful, ugly and slow web browser, some apps take FOREVER to load, messages/pictures will not send sometimes.

After doing some exhausting research and evaluations of the many cell phones and wireless prepaid providers out there, and there are scores of them, I just happened to see this phone amongst the many featured on Boost Mobile's website!!Since I had already made up my mind that I was leaving MetroPCS anyway, I also looked into other options for a reliable prepaid cell phone service provider. So I decided to go with Boost Mobile, and the phone that I decided to get was the Sanyo Innuendo, an updated and revised version of the Sanyo Incognito.This phone is just loaded with the very latest in ultra-modern conveniences!! So, it's not a smart or android phone, but you'd almost think it is because of the many features that it has!! Android and smart phones have features jacked up to the moon, but all those features can also astronomically rob the phones of their memory, which in turn, can also eat up battery power almost in record time, causing you to have to recharge the battery far too often - more often then you'd probably want to!!The Sanyo Innuendo is a 3G phone, and it is more kinder to the battery, making it the ideal phone for holding more battery power, so that you don't have to recharge it as often. It gets at least about 1-1/2 days of use before the battery has to be recharged again.Ok, on to the features. It has;3G format.3.2 megapixal camera / camcorder.Full internal qwerty keyboard. Unit flips open to reveal keyboard, screen and other features.External 10-key front touch screen for dialing phone numbers as well as to view contacts, activity history, etc..After about 8 seconds, touch screen display will disappear and go into the Screen Saver mode. A small button on the top back left brings it back or puts the display back into the screen saver mode.2.8" internal display screen.GPS navigational system for travel and locating street addresses.MP music player.Full messaging capabilities.Full Internet access for surfing the Web.Personal e-mail access (at no extra cost with Boost Mobile).Rubberized back.This cellular phone really gives you more bang for the buck!! It really makes cell phone communications so simple & enjoyable!! Using it has never been easier!! Talk up to 4.5 hours with friends & family! Standby time may vary from one period to the next. Text as often as you like!!So far, I love this phone!! It is the best one that I've owned! The best to come along in years! I haven't taken advantage of all of the features yet, but I will in due time. The phone looks kind of like a tiny laptop computer when open, and looks like a small Bible when closed.And now, for those of you who wrote your reviews to complain;As Jacob pointed out, this really isn't a bad phone. Seems that you wrote about more things to complain about. Of course the phone's external screen is going to get smudges on it, but it's YOUR job to try to keep it clean when it does!It might have a lot of features, but a self-cleaning screen is NOT one of them! Get over it, or spend the rest of your life looking for one that HAS this far-fetched feature. Stop knit-picking at it over minor things.Just try to appreciate the phone for all of the other things that it does.I also like Boost Mobile!I think that they have a much better plan than MetroPCS. Because their Shrinkage Plan eventually helps you save some money in the long run by deducting $5 from your monthly bill 3 times over an 18-month period!! No other prepaid wireless provider has that feature!!!  Plus, I called Boost Mobile and had that aggravating voicemail feature disabled - two of the things that Metro does not and will not offer.MetroPCS wants to charge members for every little thing!! They are nothinjg but a cash cow!!!Yes, I'm truly a very happy camper with Boost Mobile!!!!!

My mother loves this phone she used to have the same one. It was fast deliver and was very happy with the price

I have used Boost Mobile for the past 5 years and my old flip phone finally gave out, so I went to my local Boost store and this is the phone that caught my eye that day. I got the phone in blue and its size was also a plus, but that is where all the niceties end.The phone is not a smart phone, to be honest the phone part does not work all that well at all. The front screen is suppose to be touch activated if you can get the unlock feature to unlock in time to answer, and believe me you'll want the phone locked otherwise you are going to be dialing any and all on your contact list if its not locked and it is not comfortable feeling in my hand if I am trying to talk to another. The front screen's touch actions are not very accurate, meaning you can try punching a number and it will display the number next to it.The sound quality is middling at best and seems to cut in and out, as you attempt to talk to another person. For me you cannot get the volume loud enough to even hear if you are driving down the road. Also, forget looking at the screen portion in daylight, unless, like a vampire, you find shelter under some dark canopy or in a cave.My old phone was rock solid with signal strength and never went below 4 bars anywhere I was at with it. This thing seldom has 3 bars and just walking around my property it is continually beeping that it has lost signal with my tower just a half mile away.The camera produces very grainy images no matter how close up or far way an object is. The battery lasts about a day without talking, which is ironic, as that is the reason I got rid of my old flip phone, as it would no longer hold a charge more than a day. If you try to use the web features you are going to be frustrated by the lack of responsiveness even though it says it is 3G and it drains the battery even faster.The phone does seem to work well as a texting tool and it is suppose to have voice recognition, but I have tried setting it up 3 times and it still will not work.Overall, I am not happy with this phone and feel it was a step down from my old Motorola flip that I once enjoyed. Which incidentally only cost me 10 cents a minute, where as this one costs me 20 cents. I am seriously thinking about changing providers for something more dependable.

Great nonsmartphone. Does exactly what I need it to do. I have had iPhones, Androids, Windows Mobile, and Blackberry phones and this one is one of the best I have had. Really easy to use

Purchased this device for my daughter when she lost her phone it works perfect no defects very happy with my purchase

Although this phone takes a little getting used to, it does work pretty good. My only suggestion is to always remember to lock phone when in use or it will beep and vibrate if your face touches it.

I bought this as a birthday present for my friend who is EXTREMELY challenged when it comes to most new technology. Especially the mobile phones people use today. He gets the basics, but he wants to learn to use internet access to find phone numbers or use a turn by turn navigation feature. He also likes a nice ringtone. This has been perfect. The look is sleek and modern (for a man like him), it is easy for him to use and, so far, as I introduce him to the features, he seems to be having less trouble understanding it than even the basic phones he has always had before. The best thing that cannot be beat is the no contract price to have what makes him feel more "in touch" with the rest of the world. Really, $50 a month you couldn't beat with a stick, but to have the payments go down to $35?! No brainer. He is so glad he has it. Great birthday gift. :)

The blue Sanyo Innuendo phone is so durable and also very easy to use. The color draws alot of comments and phone has a lot of options for the money.

like it very will . phone works good . like the phone saveries . phone are good to see .

I needed a new phone and all of the company wanted so much i needed a key broad.  This phone is great for me for a great price

I love this phone. I upgraded my incognito for these one and its perfect. I actually bought one for my son and now one for me. I recommend this phone to anyone who wants to buy one.

I really like the phone but can not download any games on it , but at lease I can hear it ring, and it doesn't shot off like my old phone.. so I am very please with it..

I bought this phone thinking it would be the 'amazing phone' that one reviewer was touting.  But the truth is, that the Innuendo is a solid phone with some nice features and design, but both of these things are somewhat poorly executed.  Here's my list of likes and dislikes and what I can live with for the phone:LIKES:1.  Love the size.  I can put it in any pocket.  At work I have lots of stuff in my pockets to do my job so I can't have something the size of my wallet in each pocket.  The Innuendo is slim and compact.  Easy to carry around and handle.2.  It's tough and protected.  The main screen is protected and the outside shell of the phone is fairly tough.  Dropping it from a decent height will not phase this thing.  Again, this is great for my job.3.  The keyboard w/flip screen.  OH...if they only made affordable Androids like this I'd be ALL OVER THAT.  This is probably my favorite feature.What's Ok:4.  Ok menu system.  Nothing great but not necessarily useful.  It's easy to get around on the thing and find what you need once you learn the phone a little bit.5.  Apps.  It comes with Facebook and Yahoo apps and a Boost 're-boost' app which can be useful if you're in a bind and can't pay online or at a store.  The default browser which is also used for Yahoo and Facebook sucks though. I just hate how you have to navigate that thing. Thankfully Opera made one and I downloaded it.  It has its faults (you can't minimize...you have to close out completely to access the phone) but you get what you pay for.  The GPS is ok as well but I've used it and it seems to be off by a bit.  Can be tricky if you want pinpoint accuracy from a GPS app.6.  Texting.  The texting can get annoying and intrusive.  It will pop up in the middle of what you're doing, say, if you're writing a text...THIS IS NOT for anyone who receives a TON of texts.  Thankfully, I don't so I'm ok with it, but it does get annoying sometimes.What I hate:7.  The front phone panel.  The front of this thing has issues when you're trying to dial a phone number, dismiss an alarm...etc. Sometimes you press a number or whatever, and it doesn't respond to it.  Very frustrating at times.  I think this has to do with the battery life which I'm getting to next.8.  The battery life is pretty poor.  I'm charging this thing constantly compared to my last phone which could last for 5 days or so.  This thing MIGHT last you two days...and that's if you don't use a lot of Apps, get a lot of calls, text constantly, etc.9.  The price and screen quality.  I think I paid a Benjamin at Target for it.  I read a review and some dude liked it a lot and it had most of the features I liked which I wanted.  However, now I would only pay HALF of that.  Fifty bucks is the most this thing is worth imo.  For starters, my screen came with one of those film coverings on it and it had this big bubble in the middle.  Turns out it wasn't the film covering.  When I finally removed it the screen is what actually had the big bubble in it.  I was not happy.  Also, just recently I got some dark line spots on my screen.  I don't think this is due to me dropping it...they just kind of showed up!10.  Multimedia.  I take some pictures and can't transfer them ANYWHERE.  I have a usb cable to connect to my computer and it just will not do it.  So basically, the camera on my phone is completely useless.  Not that I'm a photo/video junkie anyways, but dude, this stuff should be easy to use by now. PLUG AND PLAY, SANYO!  You should not have to google around to find some kind of program to transfer files from or get this thing to connect to a PC.  I didn't even bother to do that...I've had enough of trying to get crap like that to work with my last 3 phones.  Also, there's no sound/voice recorder which is REALLY REALLY lame.  I'll get a song or a beat in my head and open my phone to find...oh yeah, this thing doesn't have a voice recorder.  :-/Conclusion:While I feel like I sort of got ripped off to what I was thinking I paid for, I maybe got just a little less than what I paid for.  This is a decent phone for the price if you don't get one with the bubble defect like I had...but its workable and still does the job it needs to do which is why I give it 3 stars.  I don't...maybe 2 stars is more deserving now that I wrote this review.  I'm going with 3 though just because I like the keyboard, basic design, and flip screen so much.  I just wish it did a better job at...well, pretty much everything.

works great! a good stand up phone especially as a starter phone for a teenager who is just starting out.

This phone is grate :) i just got it & let me tell you it's nice i'm not a big fan of smart phones but this phone righ here does its job.

Though I really like the keyboard flip out feature - that is great.  I do not like the front phone feature.  The number pad disappears while you are using the phone making hard to complete a call to a call center where you have to press numbers to complete your call/request (ex. press 3 for... etc.).  In order to get the number pad to illuminate you have to press a button on the keypad if I misjudge where the button is I had to start my request over again.  Just left me frustrated.

I apologize for saying that, because 'hate' is such a strong word. But, this phone...aaarrrrggghhh!!! It's not an android - first of all. However I did look back on the transaction and it does clearly state it is not an Android. So, that was my fault. I don't like the set-up of it ,and gosh...I just don't like a thing about this phone.

I love this phone, it works well- great for texting your friends/ family etc. it views full webpages! it does Youtube streaming! call quality is crispy clear. All around for the price, this phone is a pure magical deal! and by the way Wal-Mart has it for 40.00 brand new:).

I bought this phone because it seemed like it would be easy to carry in my pocket, or book bag.  I am pleased with that aspect of its usability.  It is somewhat clumsy when I flip it open.  And it is totally unusable in any amount of daylight.  Unless you use it in Plato's Republic, you will not see the lighted keypad or the inside screen.  It is very difficult to use outdoors, and gets almost no reception indoors.  It is too lightweight to make a good projectile, so you cannot dial 911 on it with any accuracy, and you cannot throw it at an intruder in your home to defend yourself.  Over all, it's a piece of crap.

I'm not a fan of what i term "super-smart" phones. This one connects to the internet and accesses a decent amount of web material. If it won't access something, I save the page and access from a computer later. Texting is great. I LOVE THE KEYBOARD! The camera is decent. (3.2MP) It doesn't have a lot of memory so I have to delete a lot of old pic messages and stuff on a regular basis. (or transfer them to a SD card) I'm not very tech savvy so this has been the right level of technology for me. It does have a few problems. It freezes and shuts itself off sometimes. It is annoying but not overly so. I've seen reviews of other Boostmobile phones do that so I'm not sure what's the problem. I can't speak for sound quality--i have hearing loss. The speaker phone worked for a while and I could do some basic things with it. Then I broke it--not sure if dropping it or getting wet ruined it =) The biggest thing that helped me WAS the navigation feature---then Boostmobile discontinued the service for this kind of phone. I had to buy a Android based phone (and external keyboard). OH one thing is i wasn't able to download games. It came with a demo but I couldn't download the game. It said the game wasn't compatible with the phone. If you want games, I wouldn't choose this one. It does work decently with web text based RPGs like torn city (torn.com)tho. Facebook works fine. I actually prefer the mobile version on this phone than being on a computer. Yahoo mail works fine. the messaging apps cost to use and I'm not impressed with them. The calendar is wonderful and can be set on the main screen. It has an ok amount of customization. It was enough for me.It has a series of "tiles" on the bottom of the screen. You can add and remove tiles and a few you can add links to features to access quicker than going thru the main menu. Anyway--I really like the phone. Over all the positives out weigh the few negatives it has. Unless you want a fancy phone that does a lot of internet stuff--this isn't the phone for you. Check FB, email, text, a few pics--this is all you need then get this phone! Oh google works great too--just can't access some links. googlemaps doesn't work and mapquest maps don't show up--jus the turn directions.

Voice quality is poor. Key functions are okay. There are too many drop calls. I wish I had chosen another phone.

Bought this phone for my young daughter.  She says "it's the coolest phone ever".  The front looks solid blue, until it turns on and the "buttons" show up as lights - which are touch pad.  Service is as expected..she loses bars in the same places as me - sometimes less than my phone.. but we are at the edges of service area.  Calls are clear, texting is easy.  I love the option to pay $45/mo and not have internet - and the shrinkage plan will make it cheaper and cheaper. ($50 with internet).

So far I thought that the phone was good.Sanyo Innuendo Prepaid Phone (Boost Mobile)  was a gift and very well received.

This is a great phone..It's the upgrade from the Incognito that I owned before that got away from me. The sound quality is superb. The qwerty keyboard has a good feel for texting. The bluetooth feature is helpful since I have bluetooth in the car. The sleek design and black mirrored color with the lighted touch dial pad makes it nice conversation piece.

Just signed up with boost mobile, tired of spending $100 + a month. I am on the computer most of the time anyway, and am finding that it's good to unplug. I have the kindle fire for apps. Also, it's nice to not have to even think about minutes ... unlimited talk, text, data and more. Like the shrinkage plan a lot too.My phone came preloaded with navigation, quick methods to get to my favorite websites, email, simple version of facebook, etc.The speed of the phone surprised me. As you can see, I really like the phone. It is what it is, right? It is no iphone or android, but it's more than enough. Initially I was sad when I sold my Android, but learning to get around this phone has been a fun journey. Glad to be saving over $600 a year.I added my sd card from android, and pulled off a few pictures to make the phone more personal.Hopefully will find a way to transfer a couple ringtones, but not a big deal.

i keep hearin this tone like a button is being pushed off n on while on the phone n old phone did that too :/

For the money, the rest of phone is great.  Download Opera Mini to amazing Internet experience.  Improvements since sold as Incognito in silver.

I don't usually want to review a product but I have to chime in on this device. I don't understand why people are giving bad reviews on this phone. The phone's features are very good. The keyboard feedbacks are good. The touchscreen is sensitive enough and the inside screen is the best featurephone screen, bar none. People complain of sluggishness, freezing up and slow web surfing. First of all, this is a feature phone, not a substitute for smartphones. It is for texting and talking, which are the core features of this device. This is the nicest non-smartphone of all the featurephones on Boost, Virgin, MetroPCS or any other prepaid carriers. People are taking things for granted. But then again, who am I to judge?

Item had several deffects from the beginning. People don't hear you and number keypad works randomly. A real rip off

My friend has recently purchased this phone after I told him how great boost mobile was (at least in my area). He got this exact model phone for a little bit more than what I'm seeing it on Amazon for but the quality of this phone blew me away. The first time he called me I thought he was calling me from his house phone because of how unbelievably clear it was. Yes, at first I thought even though it was an expensive phone there is no way it could have quality equivalent to a phone available to sprint, version, or any of the other more popular cell phone companies customers. I was wrong, very very wrong, the phone was just as good as any other provided by the pre mentioned phone companies.I started to use the phone, and the FIRST thing I noticed was how accurate the touch screen on the front of the phone was. The buttons on the inside of the phone also felt amazingly comfortable.For the people complaining about it smudging...what do you expect? Don't complain about trivial things and write bad reviews about good products because you're too lazy to clean you're phone up. A lot of people think that cell phones should be able to survive being tossed across a room, hit a wall, fall into a toilet and still function.Overall it's a great phone, if you're expecting it to replace your smartphone then yes, you'll be disappointed. It is what it is, a good sound quality, flip phone with a text keyboard with a good facebook app. If you were looking for more, then why did you go to boost? Boost is for those who can't afford (or don't need) a phone with millions of apps and a better (while still terrible) camera. If you're mad because your Boost phone isn't the next ground breaking thing in your life, you probably shouldn't own a phone...or be driving... *coughs*

I had one of these before, it was ok but sound quality was not good. The machine had problems but I had installed a 16 gig memory card. I realized I could absolutely port my 400 accounts to the mem card and transfer to the new phone - which worked fine. I may have been able to do this with other phones but this was a sure thing, so I got another unit. Shipping, price, and delivery were good. this is not the newest or most sophisticated phone, it has a good keyboard but minimal i-net performance.

I bought the item for a friend and the phone had problems from the start.The ringer did'nt work,the screen had problems and when you call the phone it went straight to voicemail.My friend jennifer Ingram sent to phone to boost mobile because that was the address inside of the box and i have been trying to contact them  to send the phone back to the owner because it was return to the wrong address.

It is ok cannot pick up Internet with boost on this phone so is kind of useless for that purpose but everything else ok.

I gave this phone as a gift.  My sister says it gets hot and she has to get off of it.  Not good at all.

the item was brand new in its original package which i like. i like the features and ring tones it has

I got this phone for my hubby and he likes it. He has no complaints but the text rings are short lol I think its a nice phone & we saved $20 so for the price its great.

This phone is great if you only need it temporarily. After a week of having it the inside screen bubbled (never dropped), and after three weeks the lcd screen started going out... best I can describe it is, verticle blacked out lines started forming, very annoying when trying to read a text and letters are blocked out by these lines.

Phone design is nice, talk and text on the phone works great...but the online aspect is lacking. I found simple things like logging on to facebook a challenge when the connection kept being dropped to the point of frustration. This phone is not designed well for internet browsing.Overall, if anyone is looking for a simple, attractive phone to use for base tasks...this is for you.

I got this phone from Best Buy June 10 2011, Today is July 11, 2011 so I have had it exactly one month.I will start off positive,  I liked the size of the phone and that fact that the screen was larger than it's former counter part the Sanyo Incognito.  I like that the earphone door and adapter door fit nicely in place every time.The camera is nice does really well without a flash.Ok now for my dislikes, the keyguard button doesn't work, so I tend to hang up on people when i hold the phone to my face.  I usually us a hands free device and keep the phone in my pocket, still hangs up on people.  It's frustrating I had the sanyo incognito before this one, and the keyguard feature worked great, so I am not sure what they did on this phone to screw it up but it is.Also the back light tends to go out and not come back on sometimes, even when it's fully charged.And when I was using the telenav program the phone cut off quite a few times.  which sucked because I was out of town and really needed the turn by turn navigation to work.My Husband also has the phone and his tends to freeze alot.  Although he says he is not ready to throw in the towel, just yet.I think they had a great idea with this phone, I like the clamshell style the size Love the qwerty keyboard and it's ease of use.  I just wish it worked better.taking it back to bestbuy tomorrow going to try the Samsung Galaxy Prevail. Wish me luck!

Two-year contract on this phone will be up in November and I can't wait to get rid of it! First, the virtual dial pad totally disappears in daylight. Very annoying and inconvenient not to be able to see the numbers. The virtual buttons are also inaccurate and sometimes won't work at all. To turn the speaker phone on, I have to open the phone and hit the manual button as mashing on the virtual button often does nothing. Call quality is poor.  If there is any ambient noise going on in the room, it renders your speech unintelligible to whoever is on the line with you. It seems to amplify background noise, making it sound like a metal trash can getting knocked around to the recipient. Hurts the eardrums. Also annoying is the lack of information like date and time for missed calls. This is a terrible phone!

I bought the Blue Sanyo Innuendo Prepaid Boost Phone, it did not work.  We took it to local sprint store and they stated the phone had already been activated.The phone also arrived late so I didn't give it till later.Because it was 30 days after receiving the product, I cannot get a refund!So I have a non-functional phone that I cannot do anything with.

I have owned this phone for over 3 yrs now and its bullet proof!  works GREAT  Its lighted front panel can be seen in any light or darkness.

Superfast delivery this phone is simple and nice to look at , I love that is has the touch key feature and

I had the incognito before this one. I loved that phone and this one. I am not into Smart Phones but this phone suits all my needs plus more. I have internet and it is so user friendly. I appreciate that. My time is very limited.

I bought this phone a few months after my previous Motorola.boost phone drowned in the washer.  I was on the road and discovered at 1 AM that there aren't any pay phones anymore.  So I asked where the nearest walmart was and picked the cheapest phone. $45 plus $20 for a reboost card. It was this phone.  Still couldn't make a call till morning cause you need either wifi  or a phone to activate it.  Why won't boost let me call them without activation? Why does mcdonalds/ATT shut off wifi at night?I planned to use pay by the minute as the Boost plan on my old phone was 5 cents a minute. Used half of my prepaid minutes setting up viocemail. ( I will be disabling it per a review here). Anyway I switched to unlimited monthly using my kindle fire at mcdonalds.  Switch by voice would take a day or two.I'm happy with the phone and set up autoreboost.  I had forgotten mycamera so I used the phone.  Finger over lens a lot at first and I found out why the $50price... had to buy a memory card after 20 photos.Short texts work fine.  I don't do long texts; never had it freeze.  Timeouts are adjustable.  When you use GPS you are in the car, right?  So plug the recharge in and set the option to keep backlight on always.I'm on the web right now to find out how to back up the calendar and contacts.  Under tools/memory you can copy that stuff to a file on the memory card.  Then attach to computer as a USB disk and save the file.  I hope to find a way to upload that file via the web browser.  And how to make it sync with calendar and to do list I haven't set up ongoogle or Yahoo or etc.  But right now I just want to avoid losing the data.The web browser is awful but it does work without wifi.  Kindle fire browser is much better if you are at mcdonalds or starbucks or etc. You can set home page away from boost.com.Outside keypad is invisible in bright sun have to find shade to use it.  And it takes getting used to. Aim a little above the symbol and feel for the vibration.  I like the qwerty button pad better than the kindle fire touchscreen keyboard.My battery life has been fine.  GPS works fine until you drive outside of sprint network and make a wrong turn.  It forgets all it knew about route, tries to contact server, and leaves you lost in the sticks.  That is the GPS software Providers fault.  Also at start of a reroute sequence it should not assume it k tows which way you are headed.  It should say drive north 0.5 miles not just drive 0.5 miles.Am writing this on Kindle fire and it is very hard to fix typos.  Amazon should add arrow keys to let you position the cursor and surely their website should work well with their tablet?

Brought this product a few years ago and I am just now doing a review. My mom still has this phone. She loves it even though it had taken her while to learn it. It's still working no cracks or damage.

I love this phone. Not into smart phones yet but this phone is an excellent buy for they money. It has a lot of features. Great camera. Video camera. Touch screen gets on my nerves at times because I bump it by accident but you can lock it.

i have only had my phone for about 4 days and let me tell you even tho its not a smart phone i love its the best boost phone i have owned

I like many people have had several Cell Phone's,in the past.This is my first Sanyo,It's very user friendly and visually apealing.It has great features.Social Media friendly,FaceBook,Twitter & it allow's me clear video viewing of my YouTube,account.Something my last phone didn't allow me to do.Video isn't very good when it's only audio!So if you've got a new phone in mind.Give the Sanyo&#34;Innuendo&#34;,a try.You'll be pleasantly surprised and happy you did.

My intention for purchasing this phone was solely to have unlimited talk and text. My fabulous kindle can handle everything else. I like the sleek design and the qwerty keyboard is always a feature I must have in any phone just because its easier for me to text. However if you have large fingers you don't want this phone; its fine for me. The sound needs some improvements, so I mostly (90%) use the speaker. The price was also a like for me and for $50 you really can't expect too much. This phone is a little better than my previous phone (LG Cosmos Touch - the worst phone ever). It so far it has reached my expectations though I am a little disappointed about the music player because of again the sound.8/3/13 - An update for sound; if you turn on the hearing aid, the sound is much better. I don't use a hearing aid and don't need one, but this feature in the phone makes the sound a little clearer. :-)

The wife loves this phone better than her last one. I guess its the Facebook app that is the best thing on there, but that's my opinion.

My husbands cell phone is so old and outdated. This is one of his Early Birthday presents from me. Thanks

This cell phone is good for the money and it works fine, its ok to get for your kids .

I was ordering this after I accidently toilet bowled the blue version of this phone, so I knew exactly what to expect.There are some slight differences other than the color. Mostly, the letters printed on the keypad are bolder and the Facebook browser was also subtly bigger. But that wasn't a big deal at all.It came brand new and in mint condition just like it was supposed to, and the shipping took about four days for me.The phone in itself isn't everybody's cup of tea. It's exactly what I want, which is why I got the same one again. But it does have some issues with locking up from time to time. Also, when a text you're typing gets past a page or two it gets slow and sometimes misses letters, which can be annoying. However, I'm really fond of this phone.It gets the job done without being a smartphone or a touchscreen at all, which I absolutely love. It also reminds me of my Nintendo DS which basically just amuses me.

This shoes that u really get wut u pay for.  This phone looks good and the price is very good.  However, I would not reccommend it for long-term use.  I had problems sending text nessages, the phone quality was very poor (It broke up alot), and the ringtones and other alerts r not loud enough.  It was not the Boost service bc I have used Boost b4 (with a diff phone and it was great)I did like the fact that u could change alot of the settings--such as font size, font style and brightness and it has alot of ringtones to choose from.  The keyboard and camera r great too.  I took pics without alot of light.  But I had to get a diff phone bc I could nor hear well on it and bc of the texting and loudness problems.  If u need a ok and cheap phone for the short term, I'd reccommend this one.  Bur as I said, I would not get it for long-term use.  I highly reccommend the LG Cosmos vn250 (num II) phone for Verizon.

I got this phone to replace my LG Imprint. I didnt give it 1 star because it's a good phone WHEN IT WORKS. It freezes up constantly. I have gotten to where I can pop off the back cover, remove the battery, reinsert, and turn the phone back on with one hand in like 4 seconds. And I've only had the phone a month and a half!Also the camera lens is positioned so that its almost impossible to take a pic without your fingers being in the way.

I like the phone, it got 5 stars from me, but customer service got 3 stars.  This bring the rate to 4 stars.  I like the way this phone is built and its functionality that come with it.I tried to call the customer service a few times, but could not reach them(it reached their automate machine every time when I called).I like the $2/day plan that they have here.  you have an option to pay $10, $20... to cover the next 5, 10... days whether you use the phone or not after that 5, 10.. days your account balance will be $0 and your phone will stop working until you add more money to it.  I'm fine with that, because I hardly use cell phone anymore.

This is phone is really bad. I'm just going to tell you what happened, the inside screen has dent that look like water has been spill right in the middle, I have three car chargers and non has worked, battery goes out quicly only last 1 hours, and sound quality is really bad on speakers. This phone is worst then the Incognito.

Pros:1) much better physical design than its previous version(Sanyo Incognito)2) its construction seems well-built(note: its not made in China)3) flip open to screen featureCons:1) ringtones are not loud with this phone(non-poly sounds)2) touch pad is not accurate3) both screens get dirty very easily4) can't edit pictures from other devices with its photo editing tool5) camera is supposed to be 3.2MP, when its quality is more like 1.3MP6) camera is positioned in bad spot, your finger will get in the way7) GPS feature will kill the battery within 10min(on a full battery) of use8) blue tooth is very selective with its bt devices(not compatible with alot of devices)9) no touchscreen feature10) it can be slow, usually freezes when surfing the webSummary:I was really hyped about this phone b/c I was reviewing the previous version(Incognito) for over a year now. Now, that I used this phone, I was very disappointed. There were too many cons(i didn't all the cons-too many), phone needs a major overhaul. Save your money & get a botter phone. I dropped this phone on the highway going 60+mph, it still works. The outer screen doesn't work, its shattered; It's well-built. I WOULD NOT recommend this phone to anyone. It sucks, stay away. I hope this helps.

I had this phone for awhile before it killed over. It worked pretty well until then. The charging port eventually kept getting loose until it completely stopped charging. I got awesome reception, has a micro sd slot, alright sound and picture quality. The only real issue i had with it the entire time is folks had a hard time hearing me on the other end due to the speaker being located in a weird spot. Half the time I literally had to hold the phone really close to my mouth when I spoke.

I got this phone last July 2011 in black after selling my touchscreen phone (non-Android) so I could get a cheaper bill with Boost (I've had them off and on for 3 years). My then boyfriend had the Incognito in 2010 so I realized right away that the Innuendo is a more updated version.When I got the phone, and started playing around with it, I LOVED IT! I was happy to have a Boost phone where I could talk and text at the same time (and still receive messages). I liked the design and I bought a few cute cases for it to change up the look! My fave thing about it was the keyboard. I was happy to have a physical keyboard again (touchscreens give me the flux!). The camera wasn't too shabby. Call quality was fine (speaker as well). Only real issues I had were battery life and the phone freezing from multiple messages. Now I don't text as much anymore since my hubby and I got married (we live together now so no need to text constantly). Also what bothered me was not being able to have music ringtones. Myxer doesn't support this phone.I am currently about to get out of a contract with Sprint. I cannot afford a $200 cell phone bill. I have the HTC Evo Shift and have had to replace it 3 times ( which Sprint was a butt about doing). Only thing I'll miss about having a smart phone really is camera quality and the Android apps. I'm deciding to cut back on social networking and all the extra stuff anyway because it runs down phones, so I won't be using web on the Innuendo unless I need to.I'm going to switch back to Boost and have another round with the Innuendo! Overall, it's a simple phone if you're looking for simplicity. Don't expect a smart phone but don't expect crap either. It's a pretty decent phone if you take care of it!

I'm not a phone geek but I love this phone esp. because you can add memory with a card. Actually this is he second one a bought off amazon because someone else thought it was a nice phone too and stole it while at the county fair. It has a Facebook app also so if your like me and don't use your phone a lot or your on a tight budget this is the phone for you.Takes pictures and videos also.Good Buy !

I give this phone a 5 out of 5 , because for not being a smartphone; it does all the same tasks. The web browser is more than capable of serving your everyday needs including Facebook. If you want a budget phone that can do everything,such as call,message,browse,facebook,take pictures, then look no far.

I purchased this phone about a month ago. Overall not the best phone but not the worst phone. If you are looking for a phone to internet surf this is NOT the phone. The front touch screen presses buttons while you are on the phone talking to people. You wont hear it but they will. The facebook app is good. Depending on the youtube video you can watch some.(no actual music videos but like the videos where people upload pictures with songs). I love the camera and camcorder. The keyboard is also great. The keys are a nice size and it makes for easy texting. I also like the email app. The GPS on the phone is also handy especially if your lost. It basically depends on what your phone needs are. As long as it is not to use the internet a lot it is not a bad phone.

With its full messaging keyboard, and its sleek new streamlined appearence to its late brother the incognito the innuendo is the new flag phone of sprint and boost mobile. For the 70.00 bucks there charging in radio shack it's so worth the money plus it's good in words to incognito meaning under the radar witch is true with how long the phone was out the innuendo meaning half truth scenario as stupid as this sounds there good brothers in terms of those terms almost like spies working together. But the more I look at the two phones I see that the innuendo has more potential to be a modern phone between the more square design and the soft keys and how it feels in your hand its the the better buy hand to hand to the incognito which leads into if you want to buy the incognito as the prototype messaging phone for sprint and boost it has to be cheaper than the innuendo if not get the new and improved version. Parden the long paragraphs but the turn off for the incognito is the shape and sturdyness off the screens I mean you put enough pressure on the color screen that thing will fall apart on you but the innuendo is more sturdy in tearms of everything.hands on hands the innuendo has been the best constintly selling phone for boost and sprint.other than that thanks all you guys for listening to my review. Peace~

Ok, I am 50.  I wear reading glasses.  I want to check my email, want to look up a street address or phone number while out running errands, I may check the weather while I am out, may check the stock market...but I don't want a TOUCH phone.  I don't want a SMART phone. I don't WANT APPS!  I save most of my work for when I am on my home computer.  My phone is not attached to my hip! And I don't have time to play mindless pointless games!But I--like most incredibly busy moms--do text like crazy.  Don't call me, is my motto, text me.  So I do want to be able to see the letters without using a magnifying glass.  I do want a keypad where all the letters are NOT scrunched up right next to one another.  NO I don't want a Jitter Bug.  I am not 80.  yes I want a decent phone and video camera.  My kids are teens.  I don't want to miss those moments when we don't have our camera with us.I am amazed at how few phones are out there for people who aren't interested in all this other stuff.I am a Sprint customer and when I decided to try once again to find a phone that better suited my needs I was extremely disappointed that I had a choice of 2.  Whoopee.  I had considered the Innuendo last time but the reviews were so poor I just went right over it.This time I dug into the reviews a little and realized, OMgosh...these bad reviews are written by people who want the Smart everything under the sun phones.  Once again I find that what I want is the opposite of what everyone else wants.I ordered.  I got.  I love this Innuendo.When I have more time I will sign back in and tell you why.For now, I just have to ask the phone companies, with the aging population statistics as they are--which is telling all of us that the over 50 market is about to expand dramatically, why aren't you designing goods and services for us!?

Pros: Its a very cool looking phone. The mirrored finish is nice. Keyboard is nice for quick typing. Battery life is excellent.Cons: Its thick when closed. The mirror finish scratches easily. OS feels clunky (even for a feature phone). Apps are slightly tweaked feature phone apps.This is not a smart phone. Its a texting phone. Facebook and twitter apps are just ok. So if you want a different looking phone and the most you do is text and maybe update your twitter feed, you might like this one. It was $89 when I bought mine. I see its dropped to $79. Free with a contract but I wouldn't pay more that $49 with no contract.

This phone works well but sometimes you dont get good rececption when you reach certain places. Also it breaks randomly.

I really enjoy not having to charge my phone but every three days! I don't need my phone to be smart or to think ,, just answer calls and messages, that's what my tablets for. Never drops a call and really easy to text with.
