
While it did arrive in good shape, the battery didn't work and I had to buy a new one the day after I had the phone activated. Due to it being an older phone, it didn't have many options for finding special ringtones or apps I had access to on my previous phone. The point when I had to give it up was when I dropped it the first time. My fault for trying to juggle a bunch of things in my arms that day while I had a kid running around me but it fell and since then there was a problem with the screen. A part of the screen didn't work and I had to shut the phone off if I had to end a phone call or just wait for someone to hang up on the other end. I also couldn't use certain letters when I texted due to the same issue. In the end, I only had the phone for the summer before my mom helped me buy a new one at Verizon.

I really wanted a Windows Phone but was a little nervous about ordering one (mainly since our family plan is through Verizon - which isn't exactly showing itself to be eager to line up new Windows phones).  But, after having this for a week, I love it.  Connections are extremely fast (even on 3G).  No problems with the Wireless.  The list of apps may not be the same as what's out there for iPhone and Android, but what's there looks pretty complete.  Camera is a bit blurry when you zoom in too far (no surprise there) and of course, the battery doesn't last as long as my old "dumb" phone (again, no surprise).  All in all, excellent phone ... and you can't beat the price.

I got the HTC Trophy several days ago. After toying with it, I can say, after using this, an iPhone, and a Droid, the Trophy is hands down my favorite of the three. While not having the most advance hardware out there for a smartphone, it has the great HTC build. More importantly, it has WP7, which is probably the reason I love this phone so much. WP7 feels so sleek and smooth compared to iOS or Android. The Metro UI is original and intuitive, animations run very smooth, and it comes pretty much with everything you need on a smartphone. If you haven't checked out WP7, I would recommend you at least having a look. Anyways, not only does this phone come with a good OS, but it performs well too. The animations are always smooth, it never crashes (a problem I have on iOS frequently), and it's speedy in terms of loading. The battery life, while not the best, is still pretty good IMO. With moderate usage (ie lots of music, occasional game or app usage), I can usually get 16-18 hours, and might be able to squeeze close to 20 if I'm careful. While it is great phone, it does come with some annoying flaws. The biggest con of this phone is you cannot upgrade the micro-SD w/o voiding warrantly. Fortunately, it came with 16 GB, which is enough for what I do. Also, the camera on this phone is hit or miss; what I mean by this is that the auto-focus will sometimes cause the camera to get out of focus, which is annoying. Also, the camera does poor in certain lighting conditions. However, when the camera works, it usually looks good. Another annoying thing is that I cannot put iTunes videos on this device due to Apple's DRM on their videos. Also, WP7 is still missing a few things that other OSes have (like multitask), but fortunately this will be fixed with Mango. Overall, kudos to HTC and Microsoft!Pros: +HTC Hardware+WP7 Software+Good peformance+Decent battery life+Supported on OSXCons: -Cannot upgrade memory (easily)-Camera-WP7 is missing a few featuresOverall: This is a great phone. It's pros easily outweigh the flaws. If you are with Verizon and want a smartphone, I would recommend this phone in a heartbeat.

A lot of people stay away from Windows Phones just because of their name. They did have a bad reputation years ago, but this phone is definitely created from an entire different generation of employees. The phone is fast, stylish, polished (Gorilla Glass) screen, and very easy to use.My biggest concern when looking at WP7 were the Marketplace and how iPhone seems to dominate all other devices. This may be true that the Apple Marketplace has 50 Gazillion apps, one million of them being facebook apps from third parties, the WP7 Marketplace doesn't lack in the essential apps by far. I looked at all the other devices, saw what their major applications were, and WP7 probably has 99% of them. So far after a month's use on my HTC Trophy, the only app I'm missing is a "Mint.com" app, which is in production according to the developers on their website.Being able to customize the live tiles, having constant up to the second news, and the Zune are some of the best features. And then to add Xbox Live to it is icing on the cake. I'm a big gamer (on 360 and PC) so wasn't looking to play really anything on my phone since graphics are still a few years away (on most phones). I do occassionally play this or that on the phone, but to be able to look at friends online, achievements, etc. on the fly in an absolutely gorgeous UI is just awesome.I highly recommend this phone for its cheap price, quick and easy UI, and excellent Microsoft apps, as well as the third-party knock-offs. The only thing this phone could do better, is with a front facing camera and a higher res camera (5MP). This phone is a great pick for someone looking to get information quick and easy, Microsoft Office on the go, or sit back and play exclusive Xbox Live games on the fly with achievements :)

I have had the phone for several months now and it is fast, easy to use, the keyboard blows the doors off any droid keyboard,  really cool looking and my friends cannot believe how good this phone is when I show them. The app market is growing like crazy and when it gets Pandora and Skype it will not have to face the "tit for tat" nonsense of the naysayers, most of who have never picked up the phone. I have own or used all the other phones Android, Iphone, and Webos. Only Webos is close to as smooth or efficient to use. Of course, we know Palm and HP would never supply the hardware to make it a competitor.  The OS is so efficent it will never need a dual core to run these phones. Oh and I never have to reboot the phone, I mean never. I have never seen a OS so stable. It never slows down no matter if I have all radios on etc.  The only reason that high end hardware is needed for these WP7 phones is really as a selling point for reviewers and retailers.My only thoughts for MS would be to consider calling the phones in 2012 the Xphone.  Swallow your pride and accept the public perception of MS. Why fight that battle when you can sidestep it.The only people I have seen that did not like the phone is those who do not like the "tile " look. I did not think it was that great at first but it is so smooth and easy to use that it grows on you and now could not use a phone without it. My wife's droid seems so complicated and "old" with its icon style.  I am sure the next update to Mango will add even more customization.

I have owned a lot of phones in my life. This phone with windows phone 7 is by far the best I've ever used. The OS is much more natural and easy to use than iPhone or Android. Quality is top notch.

Solid phone.WP7 metro UI is amazing. Elegant and intuitive.Good form factor, soft touch back feels nice.Very snappy performance.

I got what I paid for. Too bad I don't need this phone any more and I cannot sell it for what it paid. I thought I wanted a windows phone but I don't like the set up.

I'm just extremely satisfied with this phone and the Windows Phone operating system. It's smooth, easy to use, and I can honestly say that it has enhanced my life life by allowing me to better communicate with friends and family.I do some development work and I have the release candidate of the "Mango" update coming this fall installed on the phone. Not only does this update add a significant number of features (over 500 of them), but it also runs smoother on the Trophy than the current release. Absolutely amazing.

I got this as a replacement phone for my sister to use with Page Plus. So far it works great. The interface is very slick and responsive, I'm a fan. Unfortunately there are not as many apps as for apple or android, but if you don't care about that, this is a great phone to get.

I bought this device shortly after it was released.  I absolutely love it.  Tragically I dropped it after owning it for just a couple of months and shattered the glass.  It still functions however, and I still use it as my primary phone.  (I previously had an HTC android phone, and prefer this device even with the broken screen)The Windows Phone OS is really nice.  I especially enjoy the Music player, which is leaps and bounds better than anything I have seen on android.The user interface seems underwhelming at first, but once you log in to Facebook, Twitter, Etc... everything starts 'coming to life'.The only real downside is the screen is a little on the small side, and the Camera isn't the greatest.  (Oh and the glass could be a little stronger)  Even still the Trophy is a great phone.

Really, out of 5 stars, I give it a 7. Never had a phone, Pda or even a few laptops that had the integration capability of the Windows Phone.And who needs thousands of apps available when you get everything you need to do durn near everything already on the phone. I've added a few apps and, guess what? My laptops are getting spider webs. I took the GPS out of the car, got rid of the mp3 player, no need for the Kindle, and so on. (It can't replace my pocket knife, though.)All those years of pulling out hair trying to get everything to play nicely together are finally over.

The phone's hardware is good. Since Microsoft dictates fairly high minimum specs for all Windows Phones, you won't find a whole lot of difference between the current batch out there.That said, there are a few standouts for certain features. The Samsung Focus has the best screen (Super AMOLED), but its build quality isn't great. The HD7 has a massive 4.3" screen, but it's bulky as a result. The HTC 7 Pro has a keyboard, etc.As far as the Trophy, there isn't anything "special" about it. What makes it a great phone is the combination of Windows Phone 7 and Verizon.The screen is a nice 3.7" LCD (*not* SLCD), and while the colors are rich and the viewing angles are pretty good, it feels a bit washed out at times - especially off axis.The body of the Trophy is semi-rubberized, and feels both compact and sturdy. The build quality feels very high. I've already dropped the phone directly onto pavement from about 5 feet in the air. There is a tiny little indent (like if you made it with the tip of a pen) on the rubber back, but otherwise it survived unscathed.The camera is OK. The auto-stabalization isn't great, resulting in somewhat blurry photos unless you're careful. But the bright side is - pun intended - the flash is very good.Battery life seems fairly good. Critically, I can get through a full day of normal use (~20 minutes of talking, 30 minutes of web surfing, 10 minutes of app usage, etc) with about 33% charge left. With low usage, it can go a full 48 hours without a charge. In airplane mode, you'll get 10+ days.The call quality is fantastic. Crystal clear. Reception, thanks to Big Red, is awesome. I briefly had a Samsung Focus on AT&T; back in November. Sitting in my living room in the middle of Boston, the phone was useless. 0 bars. The Trophy gets 4 out of 5 bars. Enough said.Lastly, the OS is awesome. Even with a few features missing when compared with iOS or Android, Windows Phone 7 is by far the best phone OS available. Everyday tasks are easier, quicker, and prettier than on the competitors. The OS is super responsive on *all* devices, regardless of the maker. The Trophy is no exception. Once v7.5 lands (aka Mango), the feature gap will be completely closed - and that's only a couple of months away. And yes, all existing WP7 devices - including the Trophy - will get the update for free.In short - buy this phone. You won't be sorry.

I have been looking at a Windows Phones for awhile, looking for a change from a couple minor headaches trying to keep things updated on my Android phone. I had an HTC Incredible before and for the most part the specifications are comparable. I think the only glaringly obvious difference is the 5MP camera versus the 8MP camera, but I think the sensor in the Trophy is better, because it takes better appearing pictures when viewed on my computer (If my understanding is correct a 1080p monitor or television is only capable of displaying a 2MP photo at full screen anyway).I chose to get this phone because I didn't feel like waiting for Verizon to get an upgrade in there WP7 line sometime next year and it has all the things I need in a phone and is the perfect size for me. I'm not interested in the giant phones available these days...I don't really use my phone to watch too many movies. I also am not interested in video chatting, so I didn't care there was no front facing camera.At first glance it is a little sturdier feeling in my hand than the old phone. It has 16GB of memory to store files on the phone and can sync to a Windows Live SkyDrive with 25GB of online files. The phone has familiar buttons to people on Android devices (Power, Volume, Search, Home, Back). It doesn't have a menu key, using an onscreen menu tab that is unobstrusive instead. This also offers the option to have onscreen shortcuts to commonly used menu items like save or cancel. The phone also has a dedicated camera button on the side that has the feel of a real camera's button. With it you can access the camera from sleep without putting your password in. This is great because I use my phone as my main camera most of the time, because it is convenient. The camera itself takes nice photos, that I think look better than some of the higher MP cameras and even has a Macro function that is pretty effective.The "back" key goes back fine. It functions as the running program switcher too, and does a much more effective job than Android. It shows you thumbnails of the open screens instead of just icons. It keeps all open programs open too, not just the last 6 or 8. Finally, it seems to actually run the programs in the background. Android could for some programs, but I often lost the position I was on when I would switch between programs for most.The search button takes you to Bing with a built in location searcher, picture (from your camera) search, and music (like shazam) search.The windows key is the "start" button and takes you to the home page. Holding down the windows key opens the speech recognition software "tellme" which lets you search, open programs, send messages, and make calls. It works pretty well in my hands after some minor mess ups earlier on. It still has some problems with ambient noise in my car, but that is because my car makes a lot of wind noise. It does pretty well when music is in the background or tv at home. It doesn't have the entertainment value of siri, although there is a cheap/free program that is kind of similar called AskZiggy.The volume controls the media and ringer volume together and call volumes separately. You can add your own custom ringtones by adding an MP3 with the genre "Ringtone" provided the MP3 is less than 40 seconds. It doesn't have a built in trimmer yet, but you can trim ringtones for free with something like a program like Audacity on your computer. The volume button also brings up your playing media in a shorcut that lets you open the music program, pause, or change tracks. The music controls are also available on the locked screen.WP7 is interestingly the only different operating system out there. Microsoft is running its "people first" campaign, and that is what the phone is probably strongest at. It syncs your contacts from hotmail, gmail, twitter, and facebook. I switched email accounts to a hotmail account because it is more user friendly than gmail and I was already using the SkyDrive on WindowsLive to actively sync files between my computers. Anyway, putting people first means the phone is centered on communicating between people with all of your messages in one place, although you can send through multiple formats, email in one place, and a contact list that I don't have to worry about losing because it is stored on my hotmail account.In contrast iPhone and Android are application centered. Really they are just a tool to put the applications on, which is why they are designed mostly with application icons (although you can put widgets on there too). WP7 does have applications, and they are building their library. They have most stuff you would want, but you will of course run into a couple things that aren't there yet...for me that was Epocrates. But I have confidence they will arrive. I remember a lot of stuff that I had to wait for on the Android too...for example Epocrates, Netflix, etc.The locked screen is likely the first thing you view. It uses a number combination which is a blessing. No one ever knows how to open my Android phone without a 20 minute explanation. So it makes things a lot easier.Once it unlocks you have your home screen. It is arranged in uniform tiles. Some of them will update with number of voicemails or emails. Others will flip through pictures, like your people tile and pictures tile. Then some like whether will update the weather. It takes some getting used to, but after about 3 days, I prefer this layout to the Android OS. I think the tiles and fonts, which remind me of the Zunes, allow the OS to have a more seemless set of animations transitioning between things.The typing experience takes a little getting used to because some of the shortcuts I'm used to are different. For example, if you want a shortcut to the exclamation point on Android it is sitting over one of the letters, so you press and hold that letter and the option comes up. On WP7, you either press and hold period and the option comes up or press the symbol key and slide to the exclamation point without lifting up. Not better or worse, just different.Selecting text is easy enough too. Maybe easier than Android. I was used to having a track ball on the Incredible to move the cursor when trying to get one letter. Most phones don't have that, and I think you have to kind of just try and tap until you get it right. On WP7 you hold your finger on the text and it will turn to a selecting cursor that you put exactly where you want. It is much easier.So far the things I do most on the phone:Calls: Works perfectly. As does voice control to call.Messaging: Better than Android. It has the option to read your voicemails to you with voice controls. You can set it to specifically do it on bluetooth, headsets, or all the time. Nice when not holding onto your phone.Email: The standard email lets you link to your online email accounts. I love it. Looks a lot better than any of the email programs I used on Android (gmail, HTC, or NitroDesk). Also, it has Outlook, which lets you get onto Microsoft Exchange Servers if you work somewhere that employs these. I do but have to wait for a week or two for them to get it setup...had to before also.Calendar: It syncs perfectly to my Hotmail Calendar. I like the format of the calendar too. Stylistic and easy enough to read in the daily or agenda views. Also, it seems to incorporate the To-Do list better than my old phone's calendar.Internet Explorer: I have run into absolutely no problems. I actually ended up switching to Bing on my computer from Google because I liked the splash page images.Me: There is a tile that lets you update things about yourself on any social services that you want.WordPress: I blog some. The application on WP7 is easier to use and prettier than the last one I used on Android.SkyDrive: This is one of the two big reasons I wanted a WP7. It works great. Only caveat is you can't active sync to the phone with your computer folder. But you can put whatever files you want on the SkyDrive and access them from anywhere, including your phone. You can even autoload photos you take onto your SkyDrive, which I like, because that is where I backup all my photos anyway, and I don't have to plug my phone into my computer to transfer photos anymore.Music + Videos: I like the player, it works, it is pretty, and I can use my ZunePass to download or stream probably 80% of music that exists for less than $10 a month. The live tile updates with your latest played artist. I kind of wish the Zune Marketplace was separated from the App Marketplace better, but I really haven't had an issue yet.Pictures: The picture live tile and menu photos update randomly from your taken pictures. Looks great. You can turn that off if you have pictures you don't want people to see. I like the camera, and feel like it was an upgrade from my previous one. The colors look more right, and it has better stabalization.Maps (and Directions): It uses Bing maps. Instead of telling you turn by turn like google maps it works like this: It makes an unobtrusive tone, you tap the screen and it tells you what the next direction is, when you reach the next turn it makes the tone again to indicate you are following the directions and a new one is available. At first I did not like it, and bing maps is not perfect. It does have some benefits. 1) The robotic voice is less robotic and the tone is not annoying. 2) You can tap the screen anytime and hear the directions again, for example, when you forget what the thing told you--which means you don't have to try and read it. It does have downsides, mostly that you have to pay attention to where your driving more because it won't tell you your next turn is approaching. Other minor downsides to me and my driving are that you can't avoid tolls in settings, search for tolls, and I ran into one instance where the direction was slightly wrong.Insider: When you get a WP7 this is helpful. I didn't get it at first, but it is a program Microsoft publishes that gives you tips on using the system (in addition to the demo info that comes preinstalled), 5 free ringtones every month, and free Bing wallpapers if you choose.Weather: I installed the Weather Channel application and like it. It has a live tile that shows radar and temperature/forecast.Microsoft Office: It is much faster than trying to use google documents. Plus it includes One Note which is helpful for note taking.Other things: Battery life is pretty good. I unplugged it this morning at 6am and it is still at 47% with a pretty moderate amount of use including about 20 minutes of GPS use today. It says I have 7 hours left on the battery. It is better at conserving the GPS automatically. In fact, it manages the GPS for you (something my Android phone did not). The phone plugs into a miniUSB (the smallest of the USB connections I know about) which is the same as most Android devices, so it works on my car charger (I didn't use it today with the GPS). You can set it to sync wirelessly with your Zune account when on your home network when the phone is plugged in. It comes with Xbox live (I don't have an Xbox). It has more Ringtones available than any phone I've ever used. You can find your phone automatically from the Windows Phone website if you lose it. You can also make it ring from there (in case it is in a couch cushion or something). It is 3G. I don't live anywhere near "4G." Microsoft provides all of the updates, so I don't have to wait on Verizon to decide to update my phone.I am very happy with the phone. The things I would like to see improved:1) Allow Zune Channels to sync to the phone2) Add better GPS functionality mostly for the turn by turn function3) Add LiveMesh to actively sync with my home computer.Very happy. I would purchase another Windows Phone.Update:For other medical professionals wanting a drug reference, it finally has two options-and one is a free app. Both are free. The first is to use the Medscape mobile website and pin a link to the home screen. It is very phone friendly and fast. The second is in the Marketplace. The application is called Monthly Prescribing Reference (MPR) and works fantastically.

I have used iPhone and Android in the past but this OS is the best. It is not just about grid of icons and apps but has true integration so that you need as many less apps as possible.

The OS is smooth and polished and the new features coming in the next "Mango" update will only make it better.  The hardware feels great and sturdy in your hand with little sign of give or flex in the chassis.  I haven't tried it, but I suspect this will survive when it gets the inevitable drop on concrete.

It is kind of ok , and looks good but i was unable to use it properly since , it was locked let me know how can i unlock this phone so that i can use with my sim card

Happy with the purchase, delivery on time and in good condition, so I hope it continues to charge, thanks for being so efficient .. .. .. ..

Wonderful phone and a wonderful OS. May not be for everybody (as personal preference is always different) but I can gladly say I am very satisfied with this phone. The Windows Phone UI is sleek and very easy to use. The new Mango update is wonderful and I love the built in integration with all my contacts/emails/Office documents. Battery life is average and comparable to other phones on the market. Overall I would definitely recommend the HTC Trophy.

I lost my iPhone and was not eligible for a upgrade so I decided to get a cheaper phone from Amazon. Most of my complaints are about switching from an iPhone to a Windows phone. First, there are multiple apps that you can get on the iPhone that are not available on the Windows phone. Second, the apps that you CAN get on both phones are less developed and have more bugs on the Windows phone. Third, when talking on the phone, it is easy to push the touch screen buttons (speaker phone, etc.). Fourth, the default internet search in Bing, but you can go to google.com if this is preferred. It just takes an extra step. Fifth, syncing with email is sometimes a bit slow.Over all, the phone makes calls, checks email, and searches the internet. I would not advise someone to switch from an iPhone to a Windows phone, but it is sufficient enough if you need something to tide you over until you can get an upgrade.

OS itself may look pleasing enough, and it's fast, but Windows phones are way behind the Android and iPhone market. Sure, they may have X-Box and Netflix, as well as slacker built in, but so what? Android phones now offer a massive movie watching experience through Amazon Prime and On-Demand, and most have their own movie and music software built in with a huge library to choose from.Up to this date, Windows Phones are not flash compatible and NONE of them have a front facing camera. Now that Microsoft bought Skype, they are clearly aiming for a front-facing camera phone, however, the Windows Marketplace apps selection is by far the worst.How did such a giant fall so far behind?

the HTC trophy is definitely the best phone in this price, windows phone 7 is smooth and stable, also have all the little features designed to make your life easier, several things like:1. people hub, saved on your live account, you can link your live contacts, phone contacts and facebook contacts to one people, a perfect way to manage your contacts, and now you can send message with windows live messenger, no more text fees2. metro interface, many people are skeptical about it, looks weird if you are used to the interface of apple or android, this is completely new, but once you are used to it, it is most intuitive, large live tiles are easy to see and easy to touch, also key information flashes on it so you don't need to get in an app to see them; IMO this interface looks more "business" than the glassy icons which look like toys3. office, yes, it is from microsoft, setting up outlook to sync exchange is so easy you just need to enter your email and password, the phone does all the rest. Only microsoft can do it flawlessly like this because they own office!there are also room for improvement though, one major thing would be zune, whatever you copy into your phone have to be through this dumb software, and before I thought itunes is the dumbest software in the world, now I know that's because I haven't used zune! the team who designed the zune interface needs to be fired for good.also would be nice to have 4G LTE, microsoft is always on the slow side on new stuff. but NOKIA is catching up, hopefully.I use this phone to stay connect with a lot of contacts and occasionally for business, this phone is perfect for my purpose. common complains about windows phone be not having many apps, but for people like me who have through the age of playing birds and ninjias, this is not a problem. (for people who likes birds and ninjias this phone isn't bad though because they have this xbox live thing). Battery life is OK for this phone, size is perfect, touch screen is sleek and display is sharp. Really hope verizon gets more windows phone.

I love this phone!!  The live tiles notify you when status updates occur.  The user interface is slick and fun to use.  Music, videos and gaming are all great on this device.  Looking forward to the Mango release to put this platform over the top!!HTC Trophy Windows Phone (Verizon Wireless)

This is a great phone.  WP7 is hands down the best mobile OS I have used, keeps everything much more organized and is better looking than the wall of icons used by android & iphone and is very stable.  My only gripe with the phone itself is the camera quality is a little cheap, I would have paid a little more for a better camera, and the lack of easily removable storage also bugs me.  Yeah, you'll find more apps on the more established OSes but how many of those are you really going to use anyway?  I've got office & productivity apps, some of the best mobile games through xbox live, zune pass gives me any song I want at any time, netflix streaming works just great, etc.  My experience with previous devices I've owned is that 90%+ apps are complete garbage anyways so who cares about raw number of apps?

Pros: Everything.Cons: Battery. And difficulty of setting up an Outlook account for work (as someone else described it). But that's all.

This phone works so great!!!  I was trying to wait for the new Nokia Windows phones but my old phone broke and I had to get this one.I wasn't expecting much but IT'S GREAT!  Way better than I expected and with the new Windows Phone 7.5 is so GREAT!  Facebook integration into the OS is so GOOD!  The web browser is so fast and AMAZING. I am a Zune subscriber ($10 monthly) and I can download and listen to any music albums I want anytime and play the songs I actually want to listen too.  Oh an artist popped up, on the screen, lets me stream their albums immediately.SkyDrive Cloud Storage, Sharepoint and Office integration is sweet too.  I thought that the Outlook sync issue would be crap but it's GREAT syncing through Hotmail Connector, Now I can just drap all the contacts I actually want on my phone to the Hotmail Contact in Outlook.  Trust me I am a major Outlook 2010 user and it really works well.

I have had this phone a while now, and I think this may be one of the best phones I have had.  I recently had returned to the US from Japan where I had a very good phone, with good service.  This phone is very nice and is not bad when compaired to my Japanese phone.  This phone is 3G, which is not very fast compaired to 3G overseas I think, and while that may seem bad, it is fast enough to listen to mucis, post photos, and even watch some netflix.Pros:The UI is very fluid, and responds wellGood organization of the OSXbox Live integrationMSN Messenger and Facebook Messenger built into the messaging hub, with easy organization with Text messagingZune integration supporting the Zune Pass subscription music serviceSize feels about right, and it is heavy enough to feel solid, but not to heavyBattery life seems not to badCons:Some people will want US 4G (I say US 4G because it seems US phone companies have what is 3G overseas, and call it 4G) This phone is not US 4GNo front side camera, some people want that (my years old Japanese phone had a front facing camera with video calling, I did not use it much)The app and game marketplace is not as large as the Apple appstore right now, but it is growing, there will be some apps you can not find possiblyTo some people, this might not be enough battery lifeThe xbox games seem to be more expensive than there other OS counter parts.  Not all games are Xbox live enabled, about the same as on other OSs.Over all a phone is only as good as the person who holds it sees it.  This has all been my opinion of the phone, but after showing this phone to others, some have gone and bought Windows Phones.  I recommend before buying a new phone, play with a demo unit or try a friends phone if they have one of the ones you like.  I am happy I got a Windows Phone, and my next phone will probably be another Windows Phone.  After you buy a phone and apps, it might not be easy to switch.

I've been one of those patient Verizon customers who's been waiting for quite some time for a WP handset to finally hit the Big Red. While the Trophy is somewhat considered an "old" WP handset it definitely does not dissapoint!While Verizon is extremely dedicated to pushing it's Android portfolio, and praising the iPhone to all. They should be shifting their focus on to the WP, because this is the OS of the future.The Trophy is great device: Phone quality is exceptional, HTC quality build, A great Screen, super fast OS, plenty of applications to choose from, and supports the upcoming Mango upgrade! The only real drawbacks with this phone is the average battery life, and the non-expandable 16gb of memory. Outside of that this device is fast and responsive just like you would expect from a top of the line device. Do yourself a favor if you are looking to upgrade or grab a smartphone for the first time. Give WP a chance, and give the HTC Trophy a chance. You will thoroughly be happy! WP is the consumer mobile OS!Prosexcellent build quality, great screen, fantastic os, great software integration, super fast, and upgradeable to Mango once released!Consbattery life is a bit short only 16gb (non expandable memory)

I have had this phone since the day it launched, and prior to that have also used the Sprint Arrive and Samsung Focus, both Windows Phones.  The Windows Phone platform is the best one out there.  Smooth scrolling, responsive screens, and a Marketplace that is growing as fast as iPhone's did at this point in the game, which is more than twice as fast as the Android Marketplace's rate of growth.  So don't listen to people who say that the apps aren't there.  I challenge you to try this phone, and you will find the app you're looking for, or an equivalent that does the same thing just as well, and if you don't like it, take advantage of the carriers' exchange policies before the time is up.  I promise you, you will love this phone.

Bought this for my wife, she was very surprised. I was impressed with the sound quality compared to older phone. Don't need a contract if you purchase yourself so not tied to a data plan if you don't want it. Can use wireless near a wifi, google talk

I waited and waited and waited for Verizon to get a Windows Phone 7 model, and I can say the wait was worth it! The phone is fast, responsive and just what I wanted! I can connect easily to all my contacts, play Xbox Live-enabled games, and all the app categories are pretty well represented (yes, Virginia, there is an app for that). With the deals you can get now on these phones, there is no reason not to jump in (pun intended)!

My son had his phone stolen and we needed a reasonably priced replacement.  Our carrier was no help at all so we decided to check out used and refurbished phones on Amazon.  This phone is everything my son wanted.  It came in the original packaging with all of the original parts.  It was in like new condition.  If I need to get another low priced phone, I will look at the selection from MangoWireless.

I have used an Apple iPhone, a Droid Incredible and now the Windows Phone Trophy. The Windows Phone is by far the best! First to compare: 1. The Apple iPhone worked well, but I absolutely hated being forced to use iTunes, on top of all that, I really do not care for a company telling me what I can and can't do with my phone. No more fruity phones for me. 2. The Incredible was incredible. A very nice phone and if you are the type that just has a lot of time and likes to push the limits and tinker with many different apps and go out of the bounds, it is a great device. The camera is very good. Downside is security and it stalled from time to time. A little quirky. 3. Windows Phone 7 takes a different approach from the previous two and instead of focusing on apps, they use hubs, that seem to combine the apps so you are not going from here to there all the time. They still have an awesome selection of apps though. It runs fast and it is just fun and easy to use! I wish the battery lasted a bit longer, but I use it heavy and still get a days life from a charge. I was able to hook up to my Exchange, Hotmail, GMail accounts with no problems. If you want a phone that just works and focuses on you instead of apps, this phone is for you.

Got rid of my iPhone and went back to this. I love how user friendly it is. Great great great great great phone

I've had mine now since June and still love it and I have no complaints.  I had zero issues upgrading the op-system this fall when 7.5 released.  Yesterday I was showing my phone to a self-proclaimed iphone4 fan.  She was trying to pitch me on how easy her phone was and I showed her some of the best things about mine and she very wistfully admitted that she was envious of the tiles for my most used contacts (husband, mom, etc) and then showed me the 5 or 6 steps it took her to get to hers.  As she said, "I love that you can make your people their own app that's right there on the start screen."Couldn't have put it better myself!This phone was super easy to set up and has only improved over time.  I love the voice search (which it had when it released) and I've used the music search many times--you hear a song you like, go to the marketplace music search and hit the microphone...it will listen and identify the song and you can have it on your phone before the song is even over!And by they way...yes, you do have Angry Birds if you want it!

I bought it for my dad and this was his first smart phone.  I was worried about how he will be able to use it, but this phone is easy to navigate and use.CONS - battery life is extremely short

Only problem is a lot of people don't make their apps for window's phone yet.  But how many other phones have microsoft office or xbox live connectivity?

I was holding out for a 4G phone, a 4+" screen, dual processor, and wasn't sure whether to continue with an Android-based product or try a Win Phone 7. I went into Verizon and played with the Trophy. What a shock! It wasn't 4G and had a 3.8" screen--the same size as my Droid. But it was fast, it was clear, it grouped things intelligently, it weighed less than my Droid, it offered MS Office, Internet Explorer and synched with Outlook. Furthermore, it was being offered at no cost (tax only) from Verizon (just as at Amazon). I decided--since I don't have 4G to my neighborhood yet--that this would be an acceptable "interim" phone. Well, it has become much more than that. I love this phone! It lets me pin whatever I want to my start screen, including a "contact", which upon tapping allows me to choose to text that person, call that person on any of their phones, email that person, or map their address--all from one tap. Very cool. Also, the screen is crystal clear and Windows Phone 7's fonts and arrangements for contacts, phone numbers, calendar agendas,etc., are beautifully done. A tap on the calendar shows the agenda for today and it continues if you scroll for as far into the future as you wish to go. Also very nice--no need to go "back" to the calendar, tap on a different day, etc.One of the key things about it is being able to use OneNote. I can create a "note" with an internet page, a MS Word doc, a spreadsheet, an audio recording, and/or a photo--all on one "note", then save it and "pin" it to my start screen. Very versatile. So, if I want to create a "To Do" list for an event, I create it in OneNote, then pin it to my start screen where it's handy, can be instantly edited and reminds me it's there.The camera is okay. I don't use it much, but when I do it will automatically send the photo to my Skydrive account where my family can access it.I'm not a gamer, so the Xbox synch is not important to me. I do have a Zune and love that I can interchange the music, etc., between it and my Trophy.The phone itself is very good. The tone is clear and plenty loud enough. I've had no complaints from folks on the other end, and the speaker and bluetooth work perfectly.I have only two complaints at this point: 1)no custom ringtones (though I understand that may be resolved with Mango, and 2)in Internet Explorer I can only type in a new URL when it is in Portrait Mode. The URL box doesn't appear in Landscape Mode.I can't wait for Mango for the additional convenience and features that are coming. I've had the phone for almost two months and am still discovering some of the things it does.It's hard for me to understand why Verizon only offers one Windows Phone 7 (as of this writing) and is doing virtually nothing to market it. It beats the Android experience hands down, and don't even get me started on iTunes/iPhone/Apple Control Freak. Who cares if there are 450,000 apps out there? Most of us only use 10-15 of them anyway. Try Windows Phone 7 - - it's an outstanding system. Get a clue, Verizon!

Initially I was pretty happy with this phone, however after a few weeks of use I'm sending it back to Amazon for something that works correctly more than half of the time. Maybe after the OS is upgraded to Mango I'll be tempted to give it another try, but for now I need a phone that gets the job done.

We have two of these now.  WP 7 is awesome and this phone, although from the first wave released, does everything you need a smart phone to do.  The integration of the functions, like emailing a pic or posting to facebook by holding on the pic, is very well thought out.  It minimizes switching between apps.  Graphics are super smooth as well.

In all fairness, I am biased towards this phone. Our family has owned a Blackberry, Motorola Droid, the iPhone 4S and finally the HTC Trophy WP7.5. If you can look beyond the iconic apple logo, you will find an OS that is sleek, streamlined and beautiful to say the least. I think it is a tragedy that Windows Phone devices continue to lag behind competitors in sales. This specific device doesn't excel in the technical specs category and it is starting to get a little long in the tooth, but I have really enjoyed it from day one. It is still the only Windows Phone Verizon Wireless offers and I would honestly choose it over an iPhone or Android device any day!

I have been a user of WebOS, Android, and Iphone, but, except for WebOS, I have not been satisfied to the extent that I will not part with my phone no matter the cost until now. I can not say enough about how great the Windows Phone 7 OS is. This phone is truly 'my life' in that it uses/integrates with all aspects of it, from my Xbox and various social networks to my huge Skydrive and One Note collection. The live tiles are great and refreshing(I do not need to open an application to see if there are any unread feeds, updates to my posts, and so on), the notifications are the next best compared to WebOS, and I have not had a single hiccup with any of the three phones my family uses the entire year we have had these phones.My only gripe is sort of a stupid one, I wish the screen was 4" or larger, but new WP7 phones will have that and this screen size in no way takes away my enjoyment of this phone. I watch Netflix on it all the time.Anyways, I hate writing long posts, but if there are any questions at all, please ask. I will be happy to answer all of them.

I've had an Android phone myself and have quite a few friends that own an iPhone. Between the 3 platforms, WP7 is my favorite so far. I love the fact that People hub integrates contacts, Facebook, Twitter, and all other social contacts into one place. Xbox Live integration is fantastic and allows you to earn Achievements as well, the pricing of the those games are somewhat outrageous though, I'm looking at you Sonic!

After beating my head against the wall with my Android phone (HTC Incredible - Factory reset 6 times in 1 year), and my wife suffering from constants lockups on her Android phone (Samsung Facinate), I began a serious look into something different. Of course, there were not many options for smart phones. I was basically left with iPhone, Blackberry, and Windows Mobile 7.I already knew I did not like the iPhone for various reasons, so I wasn't going down that path. I had already dismissed the Blackberries with their lack of, well, most everything I wanted. I was left with Windows Mobile 7.At first I was reluctant based on my experience with previous Windows phones. Microsoft tried to make a phone behave like Windows, and that was just not a very cool thing to do. Despite that I had done Windows Mobile development from the Windows "CE" days, I still thought the usability for that phone was terrible.What I found with Windows Mobile 7 was an entirely new and fresh approach. Well, not entirely knew, coz I use to own a Zune MP3 player, which I thought was the best MP3 player I had ever owned. To my surprise, that UI was a big influence on the Windows Mobile 7 phone.Usability---------------Windows Mobile 7 is so incredibly smooth and responsive. Android was always clunky and very unresponsive. After a while, Android just seems to get bogged down for some unknown reason. When you watch the CPU utilization of the Android system, it hogs a lot of resources, even with a 1GHz snapdragon processor. So far I've had good luck with Mobile 7.Simple and Elegant. A big win for Microsoft. The interface is simple and uncluttered, yet elegant and easy to understand, even without a manual.There are not a lot of customization options (that will change with the Mango release), which I found crippling, since I was coming from Android. But I quickly began to appreciate the most important things about the phone, which I will detail later.Live Tiles. These are actually cool, keeping you up-to-date with a single glance. Microsoft really did well on this front. It took a while to get over having multiple desktop screens like I had on the Android phone, but once I got use to it I realized you don't need multiple desktop screens. The flow of the live tiles is so smooth and quick, but not too quick. The only other screen from the main is a swipe away to the list of applications. Don't know if anything new will come in the Mango release in this regard.Apps------------This is the week point for the OS, but that will change over time. It is still in its infancy. Like apple, it is not an open platform, so there are headaches to deal with if you want to write apps. But if you have the $99 to join the developer group, do it. While Microsoft's tools make cost you some cash, they are by far the best tools I have ever used, and I have used a lot of tools on a lot of platforms for development, both commercial and open source. MS tools get you productive quickly and easily so you can focus more on building software and less time worrying about if you have the RTE.There are a lot of bad apps, and a lot of things I've had to do without, but the experience with the phone has been so positive, that I am willing to do without right now.Zune didn't go away! While Microsoft is not going to make the Zune player anymore, it doesn't matter. It's built into the phone. It works with the standard Zune software, so all my collections are available to load to the phone just like my old Zune player.Facebook actually works better on Windows Mobile than the Android version, IMHO. It flows with the same UI as the rest of the phone, and has been a solid performer.Email/Calendar: AWESOME - I use GMail, and I had great fears about how this was going to play out. Well it turns out, they have GREAT integration with Google Mail, Contacts, and Calendar. Exactly what I hoped for! And of course, it will integrate with your Hotmail nicely too.In general, all of the apps seem to respond much better than on Android, and can't stress enough the fluidity of the UI.Hardware-----------------The Trophy, by far, is the best phone I've had in years. My signal is awesome everywhere I go, even in the places I use to have no signal. I'm not talking about getting 1 bar when I had none before. It's more like 4 bars, and no breaking up or hiccups. The 3G was also faster than my Incredible. I've put the phones side by side, and for whatever reason the Incredible is sluggish. The Trophy is just a darn good phone. Battery life is on par with any other phone. I get about a full 24 hours on 1 charge with average use. There are extended batteries (up to 3600mah), and I just discovered that the battery for the HTC Incredible is compatible with the Trophy. My extended battery on my Incredible works, but unfortunately I do not have a cover for it, so it is pointless. Still, the standard battery for my Incredible works as a backup.What I didn't like?-------------------------Not much. I was disappointed to see no support for Windows Live Messenger. I thought that should be a no-brainer, but apparently it was not. But, I like the phone a lot and the messenger issue will be rectified in the Mango release. However, until then, there an MSN Messenger client you can download, but it is pitifully buggy. There is also Yahoo client you can download as well. What I hope to see is Trillian, eBuddy, or Meebo.Ok, so the single most irritating thing is probably that there is no Flash support. Well, I think flash stinks anyway, but unfortunately too many darn websites require it. The IE on the phone does not support plugin architecture either. However, there may be good news. Mango is suppose to include the FULL Windows desktop version of IE9, with HTML5 support. And HTML5 is where it all needs to go anyway. Anyone else tired of Adobe Updater popping up almost every day? Just ask my wife what she thinks about the constant updating. :-)Summary--------------Well, I could say more, but I've said enough. It's a great first run of an OS. Well polished and solid performing, more preferable to something full of features but buggy. I'd rather get it right with small baby steps. With the upcoming Mango release, it will push this phone into the big leagues.

I loved the 1st htc trophy that I purchased through my carrier so much, that when it came time to look for another phone...this is the phone I chose. The screen on my 1st was scratched up and there were water marks on the screen from dropping it in a puddle.This was my phone time buying an electronic device from amazon. It was brand new. All the cords and accessories were in the box. After completing the mango update through Zune, I had my old phone back again!

This is a very good Windows phone. There are two things I would change though. The battery life isn't all that great. It can get you through a day if you don't check Facebook or browse the internet heavily. Also, the WIndows OS that's on the phone needs to be updated out of the box, but it's a complicated process to update it. It's not like Android where it'll tell you that an update is needed. Otherwise, good phone for a good price.

Bargain for the price.  My only complaint was shipping was late, but this was during height of holiday season, which explains the delay.

I have had my HTC Trophy for about 8 months and I could not love it more.  The speaker on the unit isn't spectacular and the inability to add additional storage is a shortcoming but the phone works phenomenally well.  The operating system is an absolute dream to use and is hands down my biggest praise.  Windows Phone 7.5 is fluid, intuitive, and truly expansive.  I can't wait for Verizon to start paying Windows Phone some more respect and carry another unit for me to upgrade to.  Anyway, try it a WP7, you'll be VERY happy.

Ok I picked this phone with help from the VZW sales tech. Outta the box I assembled everything with no problem whatsoever. It comes with lots of fun things to do. WP7 marketplace has many free games and apps that will keep you busy until you can get apps that aren't free. The mango updated just put it over the top cool and I won't be changing from wp7 to another op system. It would take something really special for me to do that. One thing I had problems with is the battery doesn't last. So I went to cellphonenet.com and got another battery for $6.99 and a resonable charger for that battery. Everything there is 80% off and you can get lots of things for your cellphone like a holder so you can use the GPS in your vehicle. I got the $4.99 Turn by turn that talks and tells you when to turn. no problems with that either. This is one of the best phones I've ever had, and it wakes me up in the AM, keeps me entertained all day, keeps me on time with my appointments, I use my Microsoft Office to write letters keep my diary and many more things. I can talk to my phone and tell it the things I'm gonna need from the store and when I get there I can go back listen to everything and make sure I didn't forget anything. How cool is that I ask you ??  I have skydrive which keeps all my photos in a safe place. My  HTC wp7 came with a 16GB memory card, so It will take a long time to fill it with things I like. The phone also has monster glass which won't break unless you forcefully throw it to the ground.  I recommend this phone for anyone who wants something reliable. One thing, get an extra battery or a longer lasting battery but you'll have a different back which won't fit you case if you've put one on it. I have many cases that i switch from time to time. If you go to CELLPHONENET.COM you'll see how many things you can get with little money. I got my Bluetooth there for $19.99. Everywhere else was $79 and more. So I hope you enjoy it as much as I have. WP7.5 lover 4-ever. Reliable so far. Also HTC hub is a great place to go for games and apps and the phone comes with XBOX LIVE, HTC HUB, and many more free apps. I tell my phone to call, text, or search and it does everything for me. Reply to this post if you have any questions and I will do my best to help you with your phone or answer any questions.

This phone is simply the best one for me.  When shopping, held the iPhone, a Droid (i think it was the incredible), and this phone side by side and started flipping though things and tapping. Making phone calls, accessing contacts, unlockign the screen, browsing the web, looking at picture galleries, checking out the media players, etc.Side-by-side, this phone simply is the smoothest of them all. The way things move and slide around is intuitive and slick. The iPhone is by no means not smooth but just not as smooth. That is to say, the Trohpy made it seem relatively clunky. Scrolling through contacts on the iPhone vs on the Trophy is another case where the Trophy made he iPhone look rudimentry. And the Trophy does this without losing a gram of functionality.You know all the cool little things that phones do that make you say, "wow, that's neat", for the first few weeks and then it just gets blown over? We'll on this phone, those things keep happening for me.  It never gets old how the icon on the Messenging live tile changes based on how many message you have from  :-) to ;-) to :-0, I wonder what it will be when I get to 20 messages. Or how my People tile rotates through my friends, family, co-workers, etc.Maps is another thing I love, and it only got better with Mango - the whole system got better with Mango.Sending messages is also functionally and aesthetically pleasing.  Sending mail animates back and up, deleting mail goes back and down. A very cool way to confirm what just happened.OH!!!! And I got it for $100 bucks with my trade-in+rebate. I just don't see how you can beat that.Now for the bad news. As far as I'm concered, this camera is JUNK. Now maybe it's just my phone, but it blows out whites, and gives everything an odd tint. I work with real cameras professionally and I don't expect this phone to operate like them, but it is just horrible. I may be a tad more scrutinizing than most, and I've never been one to run around taking pictures with my phone, but it is what it is.  I've been meaning to get up to the V-store and check out the display model to be sure it's not just my phone, but I havent yet. So for now, we lose a star for that, and it should be happy I didn't take 2! :)Get it, try it, love it.

I purchased this phone as an inexpensive back up to my contract phone and am pleasantly surprised by what I found. It has a solid feel to it. Its smaller size make it easy to operate one handed. The sound quality is quite good. The ringer is loud enough that I can hear it in noisy, outdoor places. As an added bonus, I experimented with signing it onto Net 10's BYOD-CDMA program. After paying $15 for a network ID, it is up and running. I would definitely recommend this phone to those who want the reliability of Verizon's network without the 2 year leash and high cost. Just make sure you invest the extended battery as the standard battery it comes with WILL NOT last you through the day!

Update 8-14-2012: Still love the phone, but the Zune software for syncing to your PC and updating the phone's software is slow, clunky, and a pain in the neck to use. Am reducing my rating from 5 stars to 4 stars.My first smart phone and it works really well. Battery life could be better. Other than that, it's awesome! It does voice, email, text messaging, the web, maps, and tons of other useful apps. It also integrates with Gmail and Google Contacts. The more I use this phone, the better I like it. Check it out and see if it's right for you.

I will admit it. I am a Microsoft fan. I use Office 2010, Excell,Word,Outlook,Onenote,Bing,Zune,XBOX, you name it. This phone finally integrates them all seamlessly. Love being able to view and edit my Onenote notebooks on Skydrive. The ability go back and forth from numerous apps is great. Yes I know there aren't as many apps to choose from, but let's be honest; most apps are crap anyways. We heard the same criticism about lack of Xbox games. Just give it time.This phone has so many great features I can't list then all. Just check out the webite [...]My wife has an Iphone for work and this blows it away, She is jealous and wants a Windows phone now.Cons:Sound quality is scratchy and choppy. Thought it was just my signal at first bu it continues.Shorter battery life than I am used to. About the same as Iphone. Make sure to get a car charger!If you use multiple IDs for Windows Live, Hotmail, XBOX Live or Zune you will be forced to choose just one for the phone if you want everything to sync properly. Some can be changed, it's just a bit of a hassle.Can't send a video via text message. You have to use email or Skydrive. Hope they fix that soon.

The quick and short version: I have used iPhones, and several different Android phones over the last 3 years; Windows Phone 7 blows the competition away by having a smooth intuitive user interface that makes navigating a breeze. Since this is currently the only Windows phone on Verizon, there is no need to decide which Windows phone is for you. The HTC Trophy is a great phone that really shows off the OS.Here is a quick timeline of the phones I have gone through over the past few years:iPhone 3G> Droid 1> Droid Incredible> Droid X> HTC TrophyWindows Phone 7 delivers a much needed change the user interface department, here's hoping that we start seeing some more Windows Phone 7 love from Verizon and manufacturers!

I had the HTC Sense & needed to upgrade. I love HTC smartphones & this is my first windows phone & I really love it! :)

I got this phone for myself and for my mom and we both love it. A lot of people complain about the camera and I can see why, while it's not a bad camera, it's not a great camera either. Camera aside, I like the sleek interface and how fluid the movements are between apps. I can't wait to see what Microsoft has in store for the OS with the Manga update.

After having the HTC Trophy for about a week, I believe it is a solid 4 stars and an improvement over the iPhone 3G I had.The Windows Phone operating system is really a pleasure to use - so many things are integrated into the tile system.  For example, without launching a single app, I can know the weather forecast, how my stocks are doing, see Facebook updates, and see details of any missed calls or texts.  Because the tiles have variability and animation, I often get "hey that's cool" comments from people only familiar with Android or iOS.I realize my iPhone 3G was getting old for a tech device, but there is a big performance gain with the Trophy.  Web pages load more quickly, Facebook no longer crashes, and the music player seems less buggy.  This could be a difference between the AT&T; network and Verizon, but for the purposes of this review I am mentioning it because other potential buyers could be in the same situation.Let's not forget that this is first and foremost a phone, and as a phone the Trophy does a good job - calls are clear, reception seems to be fine, and battery life for me has been lengthy (going over 2 days between charges).  The voice to text feature is phenomonal - saves me time and effort when I need to send a quick text and can't quite type safely.Why not 5 stars?  First, as everyone knows, the Marketplace for Windows Phone is not nearly as deep as that of the Apple App Store.  Want a coloring game for your toddler?  You are probably not going to find it for this phone.  Three apps I had that I can't find for the Trophy are Fidelity Investments, Chase, and Shredder Chess as examples.If you currently own Android or iOS and have a bunch of apps that you can't live without, I would look on the Windows Phone Markeplace and make sure they are there before switching - likely you'll want to stay where you are because the apps are paid for.  However, if you do not own a multitude of apps and want to try a much better phone and operating system, it is my opinion that you will not regret trying the HTC Trophy.  I switched and I'm very happy I did.

We love the phone.  Menus are responsive and apps open quickly.  My only complaint is the camera is not very good.  The slow shutter speed makes it difficult to take a good picture.  Also, there are many basic apps that are not available for Windows phone 7, like Pandora.  We bought this as a temporary phone for my wife after her iPhone was dropped in water.

the display is very crispy and windows os is pretty smooth and easy to use.  I am not a heavy facebook or twitter user, but social network programs integrated with windows os is very cool. it is fun to use this phone.

For a 2 year old phone, it still holds up to the standards of today. Microsoft did a good job of optimizing this OS, even though the app store is not the most populated when compared to the "other guys", the applications & functions that you need and use on a daily basis such as texting, map navigation, checking email, and making calls are incredibly smooth and responsive.4 out of 5 stars solely on the lackluster app store.

There are only a few things I don't like about the Trophy, after 5 weeks of usage:1) volume buttons are too flush, i continually find it hard to find them while on the phone or otherwise2) USB connector on the side causes me to hit the camera button while i'm trying to plug it in nearly all the time3) can't get to the storage card w/o voiding the warranty4) ac adaptor will pop its top every time you go to unplug by pulling on the USB cord. very annoying to me. i think there should've been some little "lock" switch you slide over or something to lock the top in to place.5) No gorilla glass

PROS:Excellent display qualityOutstanding virtual keyboardExcellent response time / performancePerfect dimensionsPolished OSCONS:Camera qualityI purchased my Trophy a litte over a week ago now and I have to say it just might be the best smart-phone I've ever laid my hands on.  The Trophy is a pleasure to use in every way that I've encountered thus far. About the only complaint I have with the device, and  it's a small one, is that it the quality of the photos it takes isn't quite as high as other smartphones currently on the market. If  you need take lots of high quality photos I would probably steer you away from this phone. But for pretty much anyone else I would  strongly encourage you to buy this awesome little device. You will NOT be sorry you did!There is so much to like about the Trophy that I'm not really sure where to start. First, I find the dimensions of the phone to be  ideal. It fits perfectly in your hand and it's comfortable. The rubberized grip on the sides / back does a good job of preventing the  phone from slipping out of your hands. I don't like bulky mobile devices (more on this in a bit) and the Trophy is far from it. It  fits easily into a pocket, so much so that I don't think I'll even need to buy a case for it.Next I would say the screen quality is great, the resolution is sharp and you can easily see the display even in brighter lightning  conditions. It might not have Super AMOLED technology, but I think the Trophy's display quality is very close to being on par with  most phones that do. I also find the Trophy's virtual keyboard to be outstanding and it's simply a pleasure to use. I prefer phones  without hardware keyboards because I think they add too much bulk to a handset and with the Trophy you don't need one. It's very easy  to type on the Trophy's keyboard and the predictive text is much better than other phones I've used. Basically you can just compose  emails or text messages without stopping to correct things and in most cases you'll find the Trophy's auto-correction will be  extremely accurate. If further corrections are needed it's quick and simple to make them later. Battery life is also acceptable for a  smartphone that supports push updates and has both WiFi and Bluetooth capabilities.I can't say enough good things about the Windows Phone 7 OS. It's polished and fast, especially for one that's not on the market very  long. It blows away the initial releases of iOS and Andriod by a mile and in many ways it's as good or better than the current  iterations of both. The home screen is great and easily customizable. Live tiles are a great feature that always let you keep track  of things right from the home screen of your phone. The various hubs available on the home screen group all of your contacts, pictures and music in a convenient way making it easy to keep track of your friends and what they are up to via text, email or the integrated Facebook functionality. You can connect to your Windows Live email, Yahoo, or gmail accounts and Outlook connectivity is supported via Microsoft Exchange Server. If you use Outlook without Exchange Server you can sync your Trophy via the Hotmail Connector which is simple to install and  works great. Transferring music and pictures to phone is quick and convenient using Microsoft's cloud service called SkyDrive. You  can also transfer files via a USB cable and the Zune desktop software.I find the OS to be intuitive to use at every turn and the response times are terrific. I rarely find myself waiting on the phone to  switch screens or complete a task. Also, the screen transitions have a "cool" factor to them as well. Overall it just seems like a  much more mature OS than it is. Kudos to Microsoft for desinging something that's user friendly and very high quality at the same  time. And also bear in mind with the Mango update slated for later this year, Windows Phone 7 will add even more great features and  functionality that all WP7 phone owners will be able to download and install for free!In summary I have to say the Trophy meets or exceeds my expectations in pretty much every way I can think of. The only question I  have left to ask is... how can a device this good fly so much under the radar?!?

I've owned Win Mo phones for awhile. HATED them, but needed the Office/Exchange integration, last WinMo phone was the HTC Touch Pro 2. Great hardware let down by a pathetic OS that HTC tried to fix with a skin. Fed up I made the switch to Android with the Droid X. I loved it, large (but I knew that going in and Android does have several smaller screened phones) but it was super powerful and frankly the best phone I had. Unfortunately the thing fell in a jacuzzi last week and I was back on the market. My short foray in the 4.3 inch screen market was over and I wanted something thin and light. Also, wanted a brighter high rez and vibrant screen than the DroidX and needed smoother and faster transitions in between screens/orientations, fewer steps to do tasks (basically a simpler no nonsense UI) and better integration with Outlook/Exchange and FB. For example, the Droid X would often fail to direct push/auto synch mails and calendar, I couldnt 'reply all' to meetings easily. Worse, when it did synch mail folders it would do it slowly starting from the last day, meaning, if I wanted to check my sent folder (and last checked it a month ago) it would take 10 mins to load all mails since then in chronological order! Iphone 4 was out of the question as it's more of a toy with poor outlook integration. I also need more useful info on the home screen, not a grid of all the apps.Being w Verizon, I decided to check out their only Win 7 phone, the HTC Trophy. The specs were totally average(no dual core processor, no AMOLED screen, no wi-fi hot spot, no 8MP camera etc), even when compared to Win 7 phones on the other carriers and honestly even though I knew Win Phone 7 OS is brand new and not related to Win Mo, I didnt expect much from MSFT here.Oh boy, was I totally wrong. A bunch of folks have covered the pros in detail, but let me say this. Dont be blinded by specs and gimmicks, this phone has the perfect recipe of features, hardware, form factor, OS and carrier. It's like a BMW M3. Sure, a Ferrari 2 seater has more power, a Mercedes E55AMG has more space and a Lotus has more feedback, but none provide the same total package for 99% of users as an M3. This is probably the best phone in the market, think of Blackberry beating productivity with IPhone beating (I say beating coz of Zune and XBOX Live, which the IPhone cant match) fun with a superior UI (Live tiles rocks). If you're a hacker, get a Droid. If you're a school girl, IPhone 4. A patent lawyer, do the Blackberry.The only con is the camera sucks in lowlight, but phone cameras with their smaller sensors and cheap lenses and shutters are not match for a thin point and shoot (like the sony DSC WX10 or Canon S95). These phone cameras are best used for photos of the whiteboard at work or to snap photos in Costco for later research online, they dont make for good family memories. To be fair the IPhone 4 takes slight better (but IMHO still useless) photos.What Microsoft has made here is an exquisitely crafted user experience that in its first generation is superior to iOs and Android. In essence they have leveraged their partnership with FaceBook and experience with Bing Search, Cloud services (skydrive to store/share your photos and docs online), Zune and XBOX to frankly create something that other firms will have a tough time competing against. Combined with the hardware prowess of HTC and Verizons excellent network, all I can say it just get the Trophy, it's a winner.

I bought this device the first day it came out for Verizon. After using a Windows Phone device in an AT&T; store, I was hooked and I knew I had to get the Trophy for Verizon. Windows Phone truly is an amazing operating system and what sets it apart from Android and iOS is that Microsoft put the research into it's platform. No other company was in a position to come into the smartphone game late, assess what people like and don't like about existing platforms, and create a brand new OS based around this research.Windows Phone makes using a phone even easier! Just by turning on my phone, without even touching the screen, I can see how many missed calls, text messages, and emails I have. I can also see what my next appointment is and where I need to go for it. Once I unlock my screen, the live tiles jump to life and I can see even more information like Facebook updates, weather information, stocks, traffic reports, all without ever opening an application.The HTC Trophy device itself is beautiful. It has a solid frame and is very lightweight. The battery life could be a bit better, but it certainly gets me through a day with rigorous use. The camera is beautiful and the buttons are all easily accessible when using one hand.I guarantee anyone that uses a Windows Phone will fall in love, just like I did with this HTC Trophy.

I've had many phones before but the new HTC Trophy running Windows Phone 7 is the best by far.  The phone is thin, light yet remarkably well built, and Windows Phone 7 is the icing on the cake.  It makes all the other phones feel so clunky in comparison.  I can't recommend this phone highly enough.

I am an ex android/iOS user.  When came time for me to upgrade me and my wife's phone and I was looking into getting my wife the new iphone for its ease of use and getting myself the new Motorola Droid RAZR.  I saw the Windows 7 OS at the Verizon store and was completely blown away by how fast and smooth everything was.  After literally days of researching everything I could about the new Windows phones, I decided to take "risk" and buy two of these phones for me and my wife instead of the more popular Android or iOS offerings.  It has been the BEST decision I have made in a while.  I was initially skeptical of how I couldn't customize nearly as many things as I could old Android device, but after a day of using it, I fell in love with how everything just worked perfectly.  No lagging, no force closing, no faults at all.  The true realization of how wonderful this OS works is when I had to use my old phone to look up an old number.  I can't believe how archaic and clunky Android is compared to Windows.I have had this phone for over a month now and it still works as well as when I got it out of the box.  It has yet to freeze, force close, or show any sort of lag.  Don't let the hardware stats on the other phones fool you.  It's all about optimization.  If you don't believe me, go to any cell phone store and compare Android/Windows/iOS.  It will shock you that more people aren't using Windows phones.It isn't without faults.  The camera isn't that great.  It's not bad, but is not great either and I am still getting used to not being able to customize things like I could my Android device.  Despite these little things, I can honestly say that this is the happiest I've ever been with a phone and I have no problem saying that Windows makes the smoothest and finest OS in the mobile world.

I have been using my HTC trophy alongside my galaxy nexus and i keep coming back to the trophy for everything social and music related. The Zune integration is amazing. For $9.99 a month (or $90 for a year) i can listen to a song playing and instantly download it to my phone.The people hub is great! I can sort my family and work associates into separate sections and send mass text messages to each category or see thier photos uploaded to facebook without ever opening an app!Bottom line: i love my android phone, but the HTC trophy has everything i need in a perfect size and it's so easy to use!

I love this phone, I have had it for a little over a week and it is very very smooth and fast! This is such a major upgrade from my last phone, and I am very impressed with the way that everything just fits together. I love the tabs (tiles) on the front page which update to tell me what is going on with the things I care about.The built in maps app is great and I like getting to choose what I want on the front page. This phone integrates itself into all of my many email accounts; face book, twitter, and everything else. And on top of all that I am even able to make phone calls.I like it and definitely recommend this to others who are interested in a new phone.

This phone has solved all our issues. We used to use Blackberries and had a ton of problems, now things go smoothly with all 8 we use in daily business.

If you are looking for a great phone and a really amazing operating system in an excellent value package, then I can offer a strong recommendation for the HTC Trophy. I have had this phone for a little over a month now, and I really do enjoy showing it off to my friends. One of my friends had only held it for literally five seconds before commenting on how amazing it was. The interface is nice and clean. The screen is bright and clear. The integration with Facebook and Twitter is straightforward - I have felt no need to download a further client for either network. The sound quality is rather good to my (non-audiophile) ear, both through the integrated speaker and through the headphone jack. Everything is so polished and smooth. I really love my Windows Phone!

I've had an Android phone myself and have quite a few friends that own an iPhone. Between the 3 platforms, WP7 is my favorite so far. I love the fact that People hub integrates contacts, Facebook, Twitter, and all other social contacts into one place. Xbox Live integration is fantastic and allows you to earn Achievements as well, the pricing of the those games are somewhat outrageous though, I'm looking at you Sonic!

In short, I am pleased with this phone. I purchased it from Amazon Wireless for a penny in June 2011 when I opened a new account with Verizon. The phone is well made and I trust it to just work.Hardware:ResponsiveNice displayLoud earpiece and speakerGPS locks fast and accurate16 GB is all - no expansion - but fine for meNo dropped callsIt's a world phone - CDMA and GSM capableSexy red HTC insidesSoftware:Recently updated to Windows Phone 7.5 (Mango)Connected to my Windows Live, Google, Yahoo, Facebook and Twitter accountsMy customized main tile page includes phone, messaging, contacts, maps, browser, email, Turn-by-Turn navigation, weather, Evernote, LastPass, calendar, pictures, Facebook, music, WinMilk, Twitter, XBOX LIVE games and phone settingsThis phone also connects with iTunes and iPhoto on my iMac.The inventory of free and paid applications in the Marketplace seems to be growing every week with the recent release of WP 7.5. I have noticed the general quality of applications in the Marketplace is also improving.

Let me start out by saying I've tried out iOS, Android and WP7 operating systems and this is by far my favorite. I love how clean, crisp and organized the OS is. It is definitely the most user-friendly of the operating systems as everything is right where you would intuitively expect it to be.This is the only operating system where apps aren't front and center. The phone functionality is what shines in WP7 and that is a great thing. It connects seamlessly to you accounts to import contacts, calendar, etc.I would definitely recommend WP7 to anybody who asks and I would highly suggest that you give one for a spin.

I've been a long time Motorola guy (they are a local company here in Chicago) who was disappointed with his droid.  I had no desire for an iPhone, so I thought I'd give this a shot.  First, physically, it just feels right.  The weight is right, the size is right.  It just feels good in your hand.  The rubberized back feels good and the camera button and volume rocker are strong enough that they won't be accidentally be pressed.  I have not had any issues with reception based on how I hold the phone.  Call quality has been good, though admittedly, I almost ways use a Bluetooth headset.  The only issue I could find with the physical device is the screen is not the best.  It is an lcd, but it should have been a super lcd.In terms of software, I am very happy with WP7.  WP7 is fast and responsive.  The tiles allow me to easily find and launch apps without getting lost in a sea of icons.  The lock screen is great, with the date and time in big, easy to read lettering.  It also has additional information, like your next scheduled appointment and if you have new messages, email, text or voicemail.  The best part of message notification system on the start screen is how different types of email have different icons.  That way you know if the message is from an account form yahoo, Hotmail, Gmail or exchange.  One thing the start screen is missing is temperature from a weather app.  The email experience is the best I've seen on a smartphone, much better than stock android or my Galaxy tab, which provide excellent Gmail experiences, but poor experiences for everything else.  Office is nice, especially OneNote, which allows the creation of notes through any combination of text, voice and pics and also syncs into the cloud (the internet) at windowsphone.live.c o m.  Xbox live is great as expected, as is the Music and Video hub.  It brings excellent design of the Zune HD, including Netflix style subscription music services, highlighting recently added or played content, so you don't have to dig around to find what you are looking for.  It is missing some features of the Zune hd, most notably the excellent smart dj, but that will be addressed in the mango update coming late summer.  I love having a proper media player on my phone, and streaming music through Bluetooth wireless speakers (several tried, Creative D100 recommended) works fantastic.  The browser is well designed, with an incredibly easy way to move in and out of tabs.One strength I see with this phone comes in the form of windowsphone.live.c o m.  It provides a place online to access your phone.  It can automatically sync your notes from OneNote, your pics taken by the camera and, when the mango update arrives, videos as well.  It also provides the ability to ring your phone if you can't find it, lock the screen or wipe it if it is lost or stolen, or even find its location on a map.  I have testing that last piece and it works well, even if location services are turned off.There are a couple of downsides compared to my previous experience with android.  While I didn't use it a lot, I miss the turn by turn navigation of Google Maps.  Bing maps will give you directions, walking or driving, but not narrated, Tom Tom style turn by turn voice navigation.  That will also be coming with mango.  The other down side is the led on the front is underused.  It would be great if it would blink when a message is received, even better if it could be customized to blink a different color for each account or type.  Lastly, while much better than my droid or my friend's galaxy S phones, initially, I was disappointed by battery life.  I would get a little over 13 hours with heavy browsing/music/gaming/twitter use.  I have since learned battery life will go up exponentially if you turn off location services, which I do when I am not out.  With location off, it easily runs all day.  There is also an extended battery for sale.  The app store is growing and has a solid selection for the most popular apps from the other platforms, but it is not yet as robust as the android and iphone app stores.All in all, I am very happy with the phone.  It is an excellent device and has made me very optimistic for the future of windows phone.

I haven't had any problems with this phone.  Battery life is good and features a plus.  Price was right for smartphone.

I really liked the Windows 7.5 phones that I saw at CES but they are not available on Verizon as yet. Yesterday I found out that Microsoft has the new Win 7.5 upgrade ready for the Trophy. I went to an MS store and they were able to upgrade one to the new 7.5 OS for me so I bought it.It is an amazing phone, it is fast and it syncs easily with Outlook and/or other calandar and e mail programs using Microsoft Esentials.If I change my Outlook calandar, a few minuted later my phone has the change.The phone sound is clear and crisp on both ends of the call. When using it for Music it sounds great.It is not 4GLte like the new Nokia phones are but it is much faster than my non 3G Blackberry was.I am suprised and impressed with this phone and especially with Windows Mobil 7.5, much better than version 7 was.

So many positive reviews here that I'll keep this short.1. I wish I would have seen the Amazon offer before I bought direct from Verizon! I spent $49.99 too much!2. Easy to use3. All the apps I want or need4. MANGO update is coming!5. Truly a social media phone.6. Love the integration of all my contacts from various sources.Gotta get a protective sleeve and some screen film then I'm set.My only negative is needing Zune software. I use Media Monkey because we have an iPod, a Shuffle and an iTouch.Adding the additional media management software to my PC was redundant to say the least.

I'm super glad I took a chance on this phone when my renewal was up.  I wasn't sure how I would like the Windows Phone 7.5 mobile operating system, but I was pleasantly surprised by how easy and intuitive it was and have come to believe it is the best of all current mobile operating systems.  I know that is largely a matter of opinion, but having used the three major OS's, that is the opinion I have been left with.  Windows Phone OS is a pleasure to use on a daily basis and I love the Zune Pass which works seamlessly on the phone.  For $9.99 you can listen to, download, or stream whatever you want to listen to.  I'm sure there is music that is not available in the Zune Marketplace, but so far everything I've searched for has been there and I've had the phone for about 9 months now.The Trophy itself is a great piece of hardware that I've had absolutely no problems with.  It's attractive and feels solidly built.  I guess my only complaints about it would be that the camera isn't the greatest and I wish it had a memory card slot for easy memory expansion.  I'm not taking any stars off for those things though since I was aware of both those things before I purchased the phone.You can not go wrong with this phone or Windows Phone OS!

The Trophy with Windows Phone 7.5 has everything that you would need on a Smartphone. I use it mostly for business connected to Exchange 2010 which makes it the best dual capabilities smartphone for business and leisure. The sound system is amazing and the pictures are sharp and clean. Having native Lync and SharePoint is a HUGE advantage over the clunky droid and iphone. Calls on Trophy are crisp and clear and never dropped calls. Battery last a reasonable time for Smartphones and browsing the internet with IE9 is lightning fast. The People hub is amazing and easy to add contacts or groups. Local Scout is really a nice feature. It quickly finds ALL the restaurants, shops and other places of interest in our city and when we travel. There are so many other nice features with this phone. We liked the phone so much that my wife bought a Trophy as well. She loves it and uses it also as a dual purpose Smartphone. We would highly recommend the Trophy to anyone that wants to replace their droid or iphone. Or even as a first time Smartphone buyer.

I love this phone, even with the Microsoft abandoning up dates since 8 release.  Have seen upgrade and heard complaints so I am in no hurry hurry to replace it or upgrade.

The phone is great.  10x Faster than the android device I had and a much better look and feel.  Granted, the phone doesnt have the massive amount of apps that iOS and Droid have but the market is consistently growing.  As of right now there is just over 55,000 apps which is more than enough to hold the average user over.  Many articles that I have read recently have discussed how Microsoft is going to be spending boat loads of money on app development to try and catch up to the 2 main players.  All in all, out of the 2 smart phones that I've had(Blackberry Pearl and Motorola Droid) this is a much better device and if Microsoft continues to support this phone and OS, I can seriously say that I will never buy another OS.

So happy with this. I had a broken iPhone and wanted a windows phone. I wasn't due for an upgrade and this was in my price rage. Couldn't be happier.

I'll keep this short since others have expressed the same in detail.  Excellent phone all around. Has worked flawlessly so far, and Windows Phone 7 is an amazing OS. Screen is nice, but would be better if it was OLED. Also, the battery life could be a bit longer, but still lasts 1.5-2 days with average usage.  Overall I would highly recommend and I'm very satisfied. This is the 8th smartphone I've owned. --Vid

I've had an Iphone, Android OS and an HD2 which was a Windows 6.5 OS with HTC sense built in.  Of all the phones I liked the HD2 best and when I had to switch from T-Mobile to Verizon after moving to a new area was intrigued reading about the HTC Trophy.  At first I liked, didn't love the phone due to lack of apps but loved the ease of use. I received my phone right before the Mango 7.5 update, after I plugged the phone into my Zune account and the download was complete it was almost like receiving a new phone.  I now have over 30,000 apps to choose from, the phone now has hands down the BEST Facebook interface I have EVER used and the touch screen keypad improved 100%. It also now has a great voice response through BING, the phone, texting or FB!I don't game so I could care less about XBOX 360 but it is on there for gamers, I use it more for business and to keep in touch with family and friends. I think more updates will prove this OS and phone to be one of the best, and as far as I'm concerned Windows OS kicks Apple and Android's butt for ease of use, improvements and innovation!  You will love this phone!

First off, the phone is not a high end phone - just look at the specs. That said, it is still above the quality of many phones running Android that I have seen these days. I've owned the phone for over a month and I have yet to run into any technical difficulties nor any failure in battery operation.The camera is excellent, but it won't record good audio at a concert. Big surprise.As is usual for any handheld device, gaming and videos drains the battery. Normal use - heavy texting, light calling, email push on, news updates pushed - and it will live throughout a full work day. If you turn on battery save function, the phone can last 20 hours.The OS is the real gem in this phone - it is simple to use and wonderfully well designed. All of my email accounts are combined into one inbox, Facebook is built into the phone so you never need to download the App, Bing search is a beautiful thing that everyone should study (Local scout, search for book based on a photo of the cover, built in QR reader, translate text by taking a photo of it) and Skydrive and Office integration are really useful. All of my photos are automatically placed on the internet, and I've never used a better word processor on a mobile device. I wrote 2 papers for school on my phone.Ignore any complaints about App limitations - I've found no lack in Apps I want and need. The most important ones are built into the OS. And the trials! Almost every app on the marketplace has a trial function - many trials are nearly fully functional, too. You never have to gamble - you'll always be able to test an App.The Zune music and video function is wonderfully done - the Zune software is the cleanest sync software on the market (iTunes is painful to use now that I've used Zune) and the design of the music player built into the phone is magical. Also, if you use any music or video based App, such as YouTube or iHeartRadio, it is integrated into the Zune App.Gaming is a delight on this phone - Microsoft does a good job of attracting the best developers, and the Xbox Live titles are always polished. There aren't many half-baked games on here, like I've seen on Droids and iPhones.The mobile Marketplace for shopping for Apps and Music is very well designed - details on the product, reviews, and related products are all very easy to find in the Marketplace.The key selling point is that the Windows Phone completes the Microsoft ecosystem - Xbox Live integration, Office integration, Facebook integration, Skydrive integration, Zune integration and Bing integration. If you have invested in any one part of their ecosystem, using this phone just makes it even easier.

Purchased this phone for my wife's birthday in September 2011.  It was her first smart phone, and she learned to use it quickly.  We love the voice search feature, the GPS/directions feature, and of course the Zune music capability with awesome audio quality.I have a BlackBerry Bold 9700 from work and there is absolutely NO comparison.  The Trophy is everything they promise and more, the Windows OS is fluid smooth and does not disappoint.  I recommend this phone to anyone, from the most tech-savvy to the first time smart-phoner!  Thank you HTC, and thank you Microsoft for a high qulaity, reliable product.

I've been very busy in the past months trying to decide between the iphone4 of course, as well as the Droid X2, and the incredible 2.  I was literally about to go and get the Droid X2 when a friend of mine introduced me to the HTC Trophy.  This thing is amazing, just an fyi this is my first smartphone, but I'm 26 and have played around plenty and know the abilities of a smartphone, all of my friends and family have them.I didn't go with the Apple because A.  I don't like itunes, zunepass is so much better for music fanatics and it is continuing to improve.  I own a Zune and use the zune software and zunepass.  B.  Apple has too much control over what you can and can't do, its ridiculous, but it works and I'll have to admit that I feel most apple products are so much more user friendly than Android and that is what pulls people in, and you can't argue the chrome and glass accents.  C.  If you have an iphone, you pretty much are setting yourself up to start owning all apple products, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, I just like to have more options.The Droid Incredible 2 is an awesome phone, and definitely one of my top choices after using it.  I just still didn't entirely like the layout of the phone, and feel like after a few months it would become cluttered badly.  I have a friend with the first Incredible and after about 3 months of having it he is consistently having problems with freezing and the phone acting up.  I do like this phone though, just not my favorite.Oh and what is all the bad talk about no front facing camera?!  Seriously how often do you people video chat?  It's ridiculous and more of a novelty item.  If you wanna have it just to have it then go for it, but really take a second to think "is this something I really use??"  I doubt you do.  As for 4G, I've seen it in action and yes, it is very fast, but I'd rather stick with a 3G phone for now and a year from now or less all the kinks will be figured out and I'm sure many better options for 4G will be available.  It doesn't say anywhere that this phone is 4G, so don't give it negative marks for something it's not.I didn't go with the Droid X2 mainly because the OS seemed so cluttered, and although the huge screen is awesome, it is just too big for me to carry in my pocket.  Also Android and Apple OS do not allow you to remove the pre-installed bloatware that tends to slow the phone down and drain the battery.  Windows 7 lets you add or remove whatever you want.  Obviously the app marketplace is still growing, but developers are already creating W7 friendly apps...still want Pandora though!This phone is just so simple to use, and in the end it will depend on your own preferences.  But myself coming from using a Zune I loved that layout, and the Trophy uses a very similar layout to that which I like.  And I can keep my Zunepass going, as well as keep up with my Xbox live accounts, use any MS Office programs with no issues.  Battery life is pretty good for what it does, and you can get an extended battery should you need one.  The only downside to this phone is like the iphone, it is only pre-installed with 16 GB, and is not expandable. It may not have all the bells and whistles of some of the other standout phones and I believe that is what is holding many consumers back from giving this phone a chance, because before I got to play around on it, it wasn't even on my radar.  But now that I have it, I wouldn't have it any other way.  And rumors of the Mango update in September will make it even better.  Way to go Microsoft!

(POTENTIAL W7Phone buyer...this is a great phone...but, read complete review and read the end for an important issue associated with hooking up to your Outlook account at work...)Okay - so, I've been jonesing for a new phone for work.  Have Blackberry Tour(because old company is a Blackberry company).  Come to new company where they're "more lenient" on the technology you can have.  So - started trying phones (I love Verizon's 30 day satisfaction guarantee).  First one:  iPhone - sexy in an Anna Kournikova way (no one can debate that Apple has top-notch industrial design) - but, ultimately, an iPhone isn't for a business guy.  Cool apps (and alot of them)...but, seriously - most companies use Outlook Exchange and MS Office...and there's the problem:  Apple doesn't like to play in the same sandbox.  Stable platform, tons of apps, pretty to look at...but won't win Wimbledon - because the integration between business programs (Office, Outlook, etc) isn't there.  Scheduling a multiple-person-invite calendar event?  Holy...  Droid:  depending on the review - possibly stable platform...but, seriously - the app integration is all over the place - depends on the platform (verizon, sprint, t-Mobile, etc), the manufacturer, and the app itself.  Tons of apps...but, it, too, isn't MS.  Blackberry?  The only reason it's still alive is because of the Blackberry Enterprise Server which allows monster Enterprise companies to remote-zap the blackberry if you leave the company with Blackberry in hand, and sensitive e-mails/contact information in said Blackberry...but, they are so behind on apps and touchscreen integration it's scary.  But, if you want e-mail and calendar and that's it...It's the phone for you.  If you want more, and have friend iPhone envy or droid envy...just wait, my friend...just wait......for the HTC Trophy W7 Phone!!!  Just got it, have played with it for two days now.  I can only say...WOW.  From a "user friendly" standpoint - it's as close as MS is gonna get to an iPhone without pissing off Steve Jobs.  It uses tile icons much like the iPhone and Droid which can be moved around, pinned to the Start screen, deleted from the start screen.  But, what is different is that some of the tiles (not all) are what Microsoft calls "Live Tiles", and they give you a real-time data feed as to what's going on behind the tile (in the app itself).  The Live Tiles (so far) are "Phone" (missed calls/voicemails), "Outlook", "Hotmail" (not sure about Yahoo or Google mail), "Messaging" (texting).  So - if you  have four e-mails that have popped into Outlook...the Outlook tile will have a number "4" on it.  Once you tap the tile...the app launches...you do your thing (read, delete, respond, stare at the e-mail in shocked amazement as to the off-color joke your boss just sent to the company-wide distribution list) and when you close it, the tile resets to zero again.  This way you can see at a glance what's going on in your business and personal and communication life.The tiles are also "contextual" in nature...and this is where the phone really starts to depart from the iPhone and the Droid offerings.Tap a tile (let's say, People) - it allows you to see, pull, edit, etc. ANY person that you deal with - it pulls your contacts from Outlook.  It pulls your friends from Facebook.  It pulls your contacts from Windows Live/Hotmail.  If you tap Outlook - and pull up an e-mail that someone (in your contact list...or in facebook, or in Windows Live) sent you...you tap on their name...and BAM - their contact information pulls up (see "People tile" above)...whatever you've loaded in on whatever platform you are using...it assumes, at this point, that you now want to contact this person in some fashion (contextual link) - which is why it does this.  So, if a friend sends you an e-mail...you can reply to the email or tap their name and CALL them.  Same with Music/Video, Pictures...if you have it, anywhere, on any MS system that you use (on phone, in Windows Live, in Zune, on Facebook)...you can access it on the phone.  It assumes that, if you want to see "pictures" - that you want to have access to ALL pictures.  If you want to search for People...you want to search for ANY person you have dealt with on any platform you have their information on.  But, where it gets really cool is the ability to launch into different, linked contextual apps because of what it assumes you want to do.  If you search for a People in your phone (tap the People tile, tap the Search magnifying glass icon and enter their name) - once you find that person, you can then call, facebook, or send an e-mail....which brings us to the next cool Contextual link:  When you tap their e-mail address...it opens a new window giving you a choice to send an e-mail from ANY e-mail app that you've got running on the phone:  Outlook, Hotmail/Live, Google, Yahoo....someone sends you a contact .vcf card via e-mail.  You can open that card, save it...and it prompts you:  Save it to Windows Live or Outlook...at which point it then pushes that information to Outlook or Live/Hotmail.Seriously.  This is some pretty cool integration.  Again, contextual.  It has been designed to shift gears based off the direction you are heading.And, the contextual function is also geared around the way the "search" function has been designed.  If you are in People...you search for People...all people...everywhere, on any platform that synchronizes to the phone.  If you are in E-mail..you are searching for any word/person/subject in the e-mails that the phone has access to.  If you are in the Marketplace, searching for some apps...you search for any app you wish.  The Magnifying glass icon on the front of the phone changes, depending on the context of what you're searching forTakes a little while to get used to...but, when you do...you start realizing the possibilities.One of the "cool things that MS actually considered"  I (and most people) have multiple places where I have contacts. I have "friends" on Hotmail/Windows Live.  I have business contacts in Outlook.  I have friends, also, on Facebook...and some of those friends are both Outlook Contacts and/OR Live/Hotmail contacts.  So, the same person may exist in three distinct contact platforms.  If you are like me, and have segmented your work/play life (I DO NOT want to lose all of my "friends" if I'm ever fired or leave the company that is providing me with Outlook) so that personal friends are on a "non-office" platform (Hotmail, in my case), and work contacts or work associates exist on an "office" platform (Outlook)...when you see the contact information in the People Tile - you will see three (or more) contacts:  one from Facebook,  Live, and Outlook.  Once you have one of them pulled up, you can then LINK them together in the People tile so that they show up as ONE contact in the phone on ONE card - with all of their information from each platform showing up under ONE uniform contact.  And, if it is an MS platform that the information is housed on (Outlook/Live)...if you edit the information on the phone...it will synchronize and edit the same information across platforms.  Whoa.  Haven't tested Yahoo and Google since I don't have e-mail accounts with either...so, could not advise as to whether you can SYNCHRONIZE with those other platforms...but, I do know that you can link the information from those platforms.  Whoa.With the exception of a couple of MS "headscratcher" software "gaps" that you may have heard about (no cut-and-paste on the original W7 phone rollout a year ago?  Seriously?)...most of those gaps have been fixed (cut-and-paste IS on the HTC trophy)...and the rest that I haven't identified yet (so may not be all that important) should probably get cleared up on their Mango update that is coming out sometime in October.  (UPDATE:  Mango did not fix one major gaff:  if the person's e-mail is NOT in the phone...you cannot send a calendar invite via e-mail to that person.  Their e-mail information MUST be in the phone under one of the platforms that is integrated (facebook, Live/Hotmail, Outlook, Yahoo/Google)...otherwise...you CANNOT send an e-mail to that person.  Weird.This is a kick-rear phone.  If you don't want an iPhone...or had one like me and ultimately realized it wasn't going to work as you wanted it to...and don't want a droid...and are tired of the limitations that Blackberry puts on you...  you will like...and probably love the phone.  I do. I had a blackberry...tired of the limitations.  I had an iPhone...loved the phone, but not as a business guy.  Had a droid X...and, honestly...yechhh.  Good phone overall, good hardware...but, dang...clunky to work from a software standpoint (bad user interface, overall...not like the iphone at all).  I've owned them, and tried them all...and I've found my phone that I'm going to keep for a long while.  The iPhone is a beautiful phone...and no one can argue that Cupertino's industrial design is second to none...and is really, really FUN.  But, not built for business.  The Blackberry?  All business and ZERO fun (sales are WAY down for Blackberry products across the board because of the pitifully weak app offering, slow processor speeds, and lack of overall "coolness" that has started some significant iPhone and Droid envy among the Blackberry-carrying people). The Droid?  Probably a good middle-of-the-road choice for those who aren't Applites or those who still wear their "Hate Gates" jammies.But, if you want the ability to work with Office and Outlook the way you are right now with your Blackberry, and the way you wish you could with your Droid and iPhone...and want a really, really interesting and neat UI that meshes everything together...this may be a good choice.PROS:Great user interface.  Integrates all your business apps...and it actually has OFFICE installed on the dang phone.  You don't have to buy or download an external app to read or edit an Office document (like you do on the iphone and droid...see comment about "integration" above).  Relatively pretty (Chrissy Evert versus Anna Kournikova.  One is hot.  One one Wimbledon and is relatively pretty.  who do you choose?)Cons:No Angry Birds (I'm kidding...this isn't really a con...but, it is, actually true, and is a metaphor for the real issue):  Not a ton of apps...YET.  Keep in mind...MS is behind the iPhone and app-loadable smart-phone curve by a full year. I wouldn't worry about that, though...because most developers are catching up, and are now developing apps (like game makers do for the the XBox, PS3, and Wii) for the major platforms simultaneously, and going back and redesigning the apps that they already did for the Droid and iPhone to work with the Windows 7 Phone.Buy an extended life battery.  If you use your phone for work like I do...you will try an iPhone and see that it has the same "non-epic" battery life...those constant e-mail pushes wreak havoc on battery life (and it's a very thin battery, anyway).  The size of the phone created some trade-offs.  This is not a huge phone...not like the Droid X...it's NORMAL sized...but, that means they had to give up on the battery part.Outlook Exchange.  You can go to the Microsoft Windows 7 Forums/Blogs and try to sift through the super techno-babble...or, I can shorten it:  You may have a problem connecting to Outlook Exchange (I did, and it was a pain in the rear to figure out what the problem was)...this is, normally because you won't have the correct certificate installed.  Most people connect to their exchange server using a different name when using an "outside of corporate firewall and can't have an ethernet cable plugged into it" device - [...]  than the name that is used by the company within the corporate firewall (companyname.exchange.local)...the certificate is what allows the exchange server to realize that the name you gave your exchange server to access e-mail from the phone (a password, if you will) that doesn't match its internal/intranet name is, indeed, the correct name.  You have to have your IT guy send to your hotmail account (which you can set up on the phone and access without a certificate problem) a *.cer (exported) certificate file.  Download that...and you should have a problem.  This is where Microsoft screwed up on this phone.  On the Droid and iPhone...you have the same problem...but, the phone gives you a prompt that says, "you may not have the right certificate...do you want to ignore this problem?" and you can click "yes" and get past it.  on the W7 Phone...you can't get past it...not without the right certificate, or by UNCHECKING the SSL encryption option when setting up the Outlook Exchange e-mail sync.Most people can get past this issue...but, it's the cause of alot of issues that people may have...namely, because they're not technical, and can't explain the problem.  Hopefully, this will help.  I was able to get past the problem...but, I'm more technical than most.THREE WEEK UPDATE:  Still like the phone....love it, actually.  And, I can help those of you who are looking at choosing a phone as to what you want.If you want fun/play stuff (and don't deal with a ton of business) - iPhone first.  Blackberry last.If you want work/business tuff and don't want to play alot - Blackberry first - iphone last.If you want BOTH - then W7Phone or Droid...and, with what I can tell with regard to the fun/play stuff, integration, etc...go for the W7Phone.  It is, still, a Kick-Rear phone.  The apps will come over time.

I've been using the HTC Trophy since its launch about 4 months ago and not once have I regretted the purchase.  I'll take that a step further and clarify that I bought mine at a higher price at a verizon store the day the phone was released.  Even at the launch date price I couldn't be happier with the purchase.When I started shopping for a smartphone I had a few requirements that were absolute musts:1.  Reduce the number of devices I carry around.  I had been commuting with a blackberry for work, a cell phone, and an Ipod touch for music/games on the train.  So I needed a device that could replace my phone and ipod.  Why not just get an iPhone?  I'll explain later.2.  Have a good internet browser.  The web browser on my work-issued blackberry is dreadful.  I used to hate having to do anything on the web with the device.  Like web browsing in the IE/Netscape era.  Painful.3.  Some sort of access to facebook.  Personally, I could do without this one but unfortunately friends and family use it a lot so if I want to keep up there was no option.  That being said, I don't want to spend all day doing it.  I need to be able to see/respond to posts and on very rare occaisions, post something myself.4.  Good battery life.  It's a long commute phone needs hold up.The decision process went like this:Blackberry is out.  Other than the keyboard for sending emails there is nothing about a blackberry that won out over any other phone.  BBM is a nice feature but I don't have any friends that use it.Android is out.  I've been trying to like the Linux OS in PC world for a long time.  I still don't.  And I don't like it on a phone either.  All the problems with the desktop OS are present on Android phones.  There are different version of the same OS customized by the phone maker or wirelss provider.  That in turn causes app/program compatibility issues.  I don't want to spend my time trying to make things work on my phone.  Also, the battery life is notoriously bad.So, iPhone or Windows Phone?  It could have been an obvious choice since I have really enjoy my iPod touch.  In fact the iPhone probably would have been my choice if the Windows Phones hadn't been released.  In the end it came down to a question of ecosystem - something that wasn't on my original list.  Apple products like to play with Apple products.  I don't own, nor do I plan to own, any other Apple products.  That means my phone would be an outlier as I try to integrate the tech in my house.Simply put, the Trophy makes my life easier.  Contacts can be imported directly from facebook and are easy to manage.  Facebook is integrated directly into the phone so common things can be done without an app.  The Music player is great and there is a growing list of game options.  Battery holds up really well too.  Even after several hours of heavy web surfing, music, and games the phone has juice left.The only downside right now is that only a handful of banks have built a dedicated app for the platform.

This phone is a feather compared to a Droid.  Light and almost small enough to feel like a phone instead of a brick.  It doesn't seem to require the Android pull the battery reboot sequence either.  It isn't cluttered and your business is right up front and easy to find, unlike the chaos of the Android.  There aren't as many apps but at least you can find the ones you have.  I use iOS and Android and this interface is much cleaner and tighter than either of those.  It far surpassed my expectations.  The up and down lists allow you to operate this phone with one hand pretty easily.  The minutes saved not having to swipe back and forth will add up to hours of added productivity.One really important feature of this phone is that it isn't as touch sensitive as the iOS devices and you are not constantly and inadvertently opening apps or pages when you simply want to swipe.  Most importantly, you don't inadvertently call people when you are simply swiping.I will add an ounce or two and install the fat battery for more life.It doesn't have expandable memory, and won't operate as a hotspot but I already have an iPad for video and Angry Birds and a MiFi hotspot that I rarely need anymore.Overall, this is the best smartphone and OS offered by Verizon.  Unfortunately, the salespeople at Verizon (and at Best Buy) don't try to sell you the phone and really don't know much about it.  Too bad.  If they pushed these like they do iPhones they would sell a ton of them and make a lot of customers very happy.  The build quality appears to be as good as iPhone, the phone is smaller and lighter and the Phone 7 OS is actually better than iOS.  The MOTO Droid X is the highest rated phone on the Verizon site and is a remarkable phone but if you used this phone and the Droid X side by side for a week, you would choose this phone.  The Droid is a complicated phone and inadequate tablet wannabe, but this phone is just an easy to get use to phone.  And you can answer and make calls with one hand!Verizon will let you try it for 14 days so give it a shot.  All your Apple and Android pals will poo poo the MS OS but they will actually be envious of your simpler life.  Those Microsoft ads were spot on.  This OS allow you more time to see what is around you instead of searching for stuff on a 4 inch screen.It's a Ten.

Needed some software upgrades but worked great once it was done. Battery life is not so good but I have yet to find a smartphone that the battery didn't suck. So overall good buy with no contract. I'm happy.

I purchased this phone a while ago, andI can tell you its top notch. Because of the Internet Explorer browser, this phone connect to the internet faster than my previous Blackberry. The live tiles are great, and keep you updated to the social media world by simply looking at your home screen. The colors on the display and the Xbox live gaming feature are also wonderful. this phone can be a little difficult to setup your work/Microsoft Exchange e-mail. However, I was entering the information like I did for my Blackberry. My IT department assisted me with it, and it took about 2 mins to complete. I really love this phone, and hope that Windows will continue in the mobile phone field.

I wholeheartedly agree with all the raves already expressed by other reviewers. This is an amazing device... gets no love at all from Verizon - truly their orphan phone. I bought mine in VZW corporate store in mid August, and mine was *only* Trophy in the store, and the first the sales guy had ever set up. They just didn't seem to get why one might want this phone. To be clear, everyone was great. They just didn't know the device or OS. That miss may be VZW or it may be Microsoft - but it is least of all the fault of the folks on front-line. In the corporate stores, they work their backsides off and are awesome.Add me to the legions of others who call this "the best phone I have ever had." It is hard to imagine anyone who has experienced this phone NOT wanting it -- or at the very least, appreciating why *others* might want it (salespersons - are you listening???). I have had several Blackberries and an Android phone (disclaimer - have not had an iPhone or iAnything, but just never felt the pull...especially for the price).Coming from Blackberry, the Android OS is initially like Christmas morning... but this quickly fades in light of unpredictability, crashes, freeze-ups, (multiple) factory resets, random reboots, clunky operation, and general unpleasantness in daily use. Android may be an exciting platform for developers, but is at once boring and overwhelming (as in: boring once the Blackberry wears off, and overwhelming to contemplate the extreme steps needed to make it less boring and less buggy via rooting, etc...). Windows is the unsung alternative for those of us who use phones the way they come, maybe download a few apps, and want them to just *work* right out of the box.I share the enthusiasm for the aesthetics of this phone: the feel of the device, the font style and size, the colors, the flow of the swipe functions, the incredibly intuitive, efficient, and elegant simplicity of this OS. This is a sleek and sexy phone that I believe has some decidedly pragmatic applications. The font style, size and contrast --- and the consistency thereof -- throughout the phone and apps have some distinct promise for those who have vision challenges. The home screen tiles that are larger-than-anyOS-icons, the high-contrast single-column format of apps, bookmarks, contacts and such, and the many single-step actions hold some promise for the less precise fingers of children as well as their grandparents. This is not a great plan for marketing to the young hipster or gaming crowds, and it is seldom mentioned, but it is remarkable for a single device to be so appealing and potentially useful across such a broad spectrum of potential users: games, music, business, social networking, etc. This is masterful design...of the sort that could see future MOMA honors. If Oxo can do it...I was able to set up and sync Outlook effortlessly (email, calendar, contacts), gmail and yahoo - did not experience the glitches that others have run into. I am eager to see what the Mango update can do, but also delighted to chug along with this until Mango arrives. Unlike Android, when impatience for updates comes from the desperate hope that unpleasant things will finally get better, with the Trophy, things are already great - and promise to get even better. Total win (not intended).I hear myself starting to sound like a WinOS evangelist...maybe enough of us can help this OS and these devices get the exposure and appreciation they so richly deserve. With the overwhelming enthusiasm of users as well as developers (one developer review I saw I-can't-remember-where said that "the windows platform is hands down the best out there for developers"), this OS may get a slow start, but it should have a steady upswing and some staying power. Hare(s), meet turtle.

I have had this phone for several months and the only thing I can even think of that I don't like is the on-screen keypad. I hate on-screen typing on any phone I've tried, so that's just personal preference. The other thing that is a mild irritant is that the volume for the speaker phone (10) is a third of the available volume (30) for music and notifications, which makes it difficult to hear the other person if there is any noise on your end. Otherwise, the phone is perfect. I love that I can have all my documents on my phone to send email, etc. I love that I can edit my contacts in the people hub and I'm not limited to the picture and info that person has on their facebook profile. I love that I can just glance at my phone to see that I have 2 new notifications on facebook, twitter, etc., or 3 new emails on gmail, hotmail, yahoo, etc. The system is fast and super easy to navigate. I love the navigation and maps - I use this function almost daily. All you have to do is tap on an address online, in your contacts, in a text or email, etc. and it immediately takes you to the navigation and map. I can do anything on my WP7 phone that I can do on my laptop plus a lot more. I have recommended this phone to my friends and will continue to recommend it.

Wasn't sure if HTC would deliver a good enough phone to showcase WP7 on Verizon, but my doubts were unfounded.  It's a great phone and does a great job delivering high-end performance for this phone OS.  The Amazon price is ridiculously reasonable and makes me wish I'd bought it on here rather than in a Verizon store.  Great purchase.

It's a really good phone. I like it better than the Iphone and the android phones. The only complaint is that I wish it had more apps.

Ordered 2 HTC Trophies the first day they went on sale, and received them yesterday.  Setup was a breeze, especially if you have a Windows Live Account.  It automatically pulls in contacts from websites/services linked to Windows Live, including Facebook, LinkedIn, etc.Xbox Live is great on the phone.  If you're a Halo fan, Halo Waypoint is a must-have free app.  I prefer the interface for this app over the same app on the full Xbox 360.  I am looking forward to future updates where real-time multiplyer will be possible phone to phone.This phone is already a terrific product, and will get even better when the "Mango" update arrives this fall.  It's fast, efficient, and the interface is simply beautiful.  Microsoft may not be known for user interface design, but it will be.  HTC has also made a really nice piece of hardware.

On paper this is not the greatest phone on the market.  You wont find a duel core processor and the screen is smaller than 4 inches.  None of the verizon stores keep this in stock (you have to order them online) in my workplace Im the only person with a windows 7 everyone else crappy androids and 2 have apples.I was really back and forth between the trophy running windows 7 (something new) or android (which I am so sic and tired of).  In the end I obvoiusly went with microsoft.  So glad.  Once you get your hands on one, its hard to put down.  My wife and I both have one love them.  The phone itself is small and thin but with some weight.  It feels just right.  You should be able to pick up one of these phones on contract for about $50 but dont discount it as a cheap phone because its not.  Its more because these are newer and less market share and they trying to get as many out as possible.The windows 7 phone OS is brilliant to look at and amazing to work with.  Its simple but not dumbed down.  Next month (october-ish 2011) comes the mango update which will improve the OS with alot more features, cant wait.  Its another bonus to look forward too after buying the phone.I really enjoy the intergrated xbox live features and the quality of the xbox live games avalible for download.  All achievment points earned through the phone, transfer directly to your xbox live account.  So far Ive downloaded ilomilo and angry birds.  ilomilo (3D platformer) looks incredible.  Cost run about 3 or 4 dollars per xbox live game for the phone and well worth it.  There are some free and aftermarket games but I will only download the xbox live games, to get the achievment points.I was kinda skeptical about the 3.8 inch screen being too small but its really not.  The graphics are very crisp, the 1ghz processor pushes phone navigation and games flawlessly.  What the phone lacks for in size it makes up for, in battery life.  Obviously, there has to be a trade off and its no secret smartphones suck down the juice. The trophy is no exception in heavy game mode.  With some light gaming and texting, you can make a good 12 hour run and still have some left over.Apps...what to say about apps.  There are a lot of them for windows 7 but not nearly as many as google marketplace for android.  but what the point of having a baaajillion apps availible if 99.9% of them are junk?  That being said The zune market place for windows 7 apps also has its share of junk apps, How many flashlight apps do we need guys.....really come on.  Im not a big app person, although I do like a good app here and there.  I dont get a thrill trolling through them for hours a day searching and searching for weeks on end to build the perfect cell phone.  I have an app to check my stocks and one or two others and a few games and im good.now the bad......you can forget about going to the mall and picking up a sweet case or protective cover, not that they dont exist, you have to order accessories online.  No one carries them.  These phone are new what can you do.Okey well this is a long review for me, i could write more but im sure other reviews cover it all.  Im tired but just want to say this is a unique, super sweet phone and will be even better once the mango update is released.

The built-in capabilies of this operating system are asounding.  There are about a dozen things you would need apps for on other andriod/iphone that you simply don't need on WP7 because they are already there.Shifting from one task to another, then back to the original.... well I don't think it could get better?Zune integration... awesome and it looks like it will be even better with the Mango update in Sept.  I don't use smart dj often on the PC, but it will be a nice option to have on the phone.Love that I can yap with chock on xbox live no matter where I am.It's hard to distinguish the phone from the OS because I don't feel like the hardware on the phone ever gets in the way... its never slow, sluggish, or unresponsive, so how could I give anything but 5 stars.

It's a good old smartphone that can take a beating.I've had two of them.I've dropped them, submerged them in water, and taken them around the world.It's an old phone working on an old OS.It was nice while it lasted.

The advantages of windows phone 7.5 have been described in detail elsewhere and I will not rehash them. But I will confirm them. Windows Phone is indeed  by far the most pleasant, productive experience of any phone type. The phone itself, the Trophy 7, is also a nice compromise to achieve good performance, modest size, and reasonable price.

I have loved this phone since day 1!  I have had only one slight problem with it, which Microsoft has fixed via a recent update! This phone is easy to use, fun, and beautiful. It's fast, smooth, intelligent, takes decent quality photos, and has good battery life for a smartphone!

I recently got myself a Trophy off eBay because I couldn't wait any longer for a new Windows Phone to arrive on Verizon. Since I got it off contract I can still use my upgrade discount when a new one comes out on Verizon.The thing is, I love this phone. I'm going to have a hard time leaving it for a new WP (well, it shouldn't be that hard).The Windows Phone OS is awesome. It's beautiful and easy to use. It flows so well and the animations are very cool. There are a few small things missing, but nothing that's a dealbreaker and since Windows Phones actually get updated (unlike some Android phones) you can be confident that you'll get the newest features (unless your carrier restricts them, i.e. tethering). So in short, the OS is awesome and I love using it every time I pick up the phone.Now for the phone itself. It has a 3.8" screen, which some will say is too small, but I think it's almost perfect. I think 4.0" might be the sweet spot for me, but the Trophy's screen size is still satisfactory. The screen looks good straight on, though does sort of wash out from an angle. It's not bad, but the newer WPs certainly have better screens. The body is well built, as are the buttons, and it feels nice to hold. The camera is just ok, but I can't complain too much as my old phone had an even worse camera. The flash on this does work pretty well, though. It of course doesn't have a front facing camera, but to me that isn't a huge deal. I do hope my next one will have one, though. The battery life seems decent, and I have no problem getting through a day while still using the internet for a bit and doing the usual phone stuff. I did buy an 1800mah battery off eBay for $4, so we'll see how that goes...So overall, the phone is awesome! I do recommend it, but it's probably best to get it off contract so you can still get an upgrade discount when a new WP comes out.

With iphone and all the android choices out there it can be hard to pick a smartphone.  I have had a smartphone from the very beginning and PDA's before that.  What I can tell you is this phone works great,  it will exceed your expectations,  the more you use it the more you will love it.  I tried for years to get my wife to use a phone for more then calls,  but she never was willing to until she got her HTC Trophy.  It will change the way you work think and play for the better.  I also recommend getting the Zune subscription if you are into music,  it works brilliantly with the phone.

Love the phone.  Great brand.  Only thing is it takes a while to load on to the internet.  But all in all has all the things I am looking for.

My title doesn't lie - I love this thing. I honestly love this phone. The last phone I loved was my StarTAC, so it's been a while. I should note that, most recently, I came from a BlackBerry Storm (which I hated) and I'm concurrently using a BlackBerry Bold for work, which I've grown to hate.But I love my Trophy. Especially after the Mango update fixed several of the flaws I had.Why do I love it?- Hands down the best autocorrect I've ever used. This phone seems to know what I'm thinking. I can push just about any key combination that I'd like and I get the correct output. I adore that I can hit "b" or "n" instead of "space" and it will still fix this without question. Typing on this is a joy.- Hands down the most responsive screen I've used. Yes, I'm not nearly as familiar with iPhones or Android devices, but I find that I am more accurate on the Trophy. I also have a TouchPad that is never accurate. On a far smaller screen this is rarely inaccurate.- Browser controls are near my thumbs, where they should be. Too many devices still put them on the top.- The Metro UI is great. It may look bland in pictures, but once populated with your information the phone comes alive. There's a real sense of energy behind it.- Voice activation. Yes, it's no Siri, but it's quite useful. I also love being able to say "call Beth on speakerphone" while driving and have it call Beth and activate the speakerphone.- Ultra quick. Yeah, no dualcore here, but it's so much more responsive than my friends' phones.What do I dislike?- Too few options. Coming from BlackBerry I'm used to being able to change everything. It's limited in Windows 7, even with Mango. Want to change your snooze? It can be 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 1 hour, 4 hours, etc. What if I want to snooze for 2 hours? No can do. Weird.- Multitasking works, but sometimes I want to close a program. You can't, not without hitting "back" all the way to the first screen, which in programs like IMDB may be 20 keystrokes. If you hit the home screen button and accidentally hit "back" you're back in the program. This irks me.- Touch-sensitive buttons. You get this everywhere these days, but I hate it. Too often I hit the "search" button and end up out of what I was doing.- No message indicator. Shocking to me.- No Unreal Engine. C'mon, Microsoft, grant Mark the access he needs!Battery life is very good. App support isn't where it is on Apple or Android but supposedly we have a higher percentage of free apps, plus I'm not a giant app user. I find everything I want, absent Words With Friends.

I really like the HTC Trophy running Windows Phone 7. My previous phone of 18 months was the Moto Droid X. I will say that I like the windows phone better. There is no lag in the OS as compared to android 2.3. I think the Trophy offers users of all skill level a more fun, complete experience. The live tiles are really cool. I know that currently the windows marketplace doesn't have the selection like the apple store or android market, but hey, it is still a relatively new OS. As I search for apps, I really don't see a whole lot that I am missing. Plus, the selection in the Windows marketplace is growing everyday. I look forward to using my new windows phone everyday. I hope to see Verizon better support the platform and release additional models to choose from since my family members contracts will be ending later this year. I will get them all on windows phones!

We thought we ordered an unlocked phone however when it arrived we found what it wasn't. It will not work in our zone.

I bought this at my local Verizon store.  I had read up on WP7 and wanted to try something new and different than the typical Blackberries, Androids, and the iPhone.All I have to say is I couldn't be happier with my purchase.  The UI with the arrangeable Live Tiles is refreshing and buttery smooth.  I was able to find all the apps I was used to using previously on my last phone, although the market is still playing catch up.  The Bing Search and Bing Maps apps work great, Search having the integrated music tagging ability to listen to and identify a song (on top of regular web searches and whatnot), and Maps, with the turn by turn gps navigation and Scout (local areas for food, drink, entertainment, etc. within your area plotted on the map) features, all integrated in the OS.  Battery life is moderate to good depending on how heavy I use the phone throughout the day.My only regret is now I want the new Lumia 900 WP7 device (or any upcoming WP8 devices by year's end) and I don't want to pay my Verizon cancellation fee haha (unless Verizon starts better supoprting the platform and offering more choices other than the Trophy).Integrated social networking like FB and Twitter works well and conveniently (faster than the dedicated apps, but less detailed), as well as the integrated MSN Messenger (if you use it) and FB Messenger (messages remain threaded under one convo with that contact, whether the messages switch from texts to FB messenger, back to texts, etc, so there's no switching between multiple screens like you would with BBM).  The OS also supports group texts.My contacts, calendar, and emails sync with my hotmail account (if you have multiple emails, you can combine the inboxes).  Also love how my Xbox Live Gamertag integrates within the phone's Games Hub and the games I have purchased on the phone are fun and a great way to kill time when you need to.  All around great experience and can't wait for even newer and better phones and any future WP7 and/or the eventual WP8 OS update to clean up a few minor bugs (email forward bug, jumpy cursor bug when long pressing on a lenghty message to make a precise correction, and the occassional keyboard dropping bug) and add even more features.  I would give this a 4 1/2 out of 5 stars for those few bugs I've experienced.

i bought this off ebay used to get away from android.  after using this product i now know why apple fans always say "it's the software not the specs".  this phone is so smoothe, sharp, responsive, and just plain beautiful.  the live tiles are what sold me on windows over apple - that and the fact that for $12 i got a 3500 mAh battery off ebay. now i never have to worry about battery life on my phone.  the integration of facebook is just so well done in the software. everything is so fast and responsive. the calls are clear and not dropped.  my phone never crashes while navigating like android. the only reason i gave this phone 4 stars instead of 5 is that i don't think the camera is good enough. other than that no complaints what-so-ever.hope this review is helpful. you just need to go to the store and experience a windows phone.

When my two year contract was coming to a close with Verizon, I started checking on what phone to get. I read review after review about the newest Android phone and then I stumbled on to Amazon's HTC Trophy reviews and I was impressed. Something like 59 reviews and almost 5 stars? Then I checked on the Trophy reviews at Verizon and almost the same amount of stars.So, about three weeks ago I got my Trophy.It does actually what I want in a cell phone. Internet speeds are faster than I ever had with the Android. Why get a 4G phone when the service will not be to where I live for a long time, maybe.I can't dispute anybody else's thoughts about this phone either----as long as it is either a 5 star or four star review.My only thought of improvement is the battery's life. Someone said that, "If you are going to use the phone a lot, get the extended battery."  I have ordered one but it is back ordered.

This phone is SO good.  My wife is jealous because she has an android and she finds it clumsy to use.The phone is so simple and it "just works". I don't spend a bunch of time fidling with it every time i take it out of my pocket.  The important stuff I want to get to is right there on the home screen!  The form factor is great too....small enough to slip in a pocket, but the screen is big enough to be usable.

Other than the poor battery life from constant use, the HTC Trophy has been the least buggy and most stable phone I've ever used. App support is fairly weak, but Windows Phone 7 has the more popular games like Angry Birds and Plants vs Zombies. It also has Words by Post - the only Scrabble game that lets you play with hour friends on iPhones and Androids.The OS is buttery smooth and multitasking support is available for apps that take advantage of Mango.

I love my windows phones the set up the connection to my Xbox account the battery last all day in pretty active with it so a good battery life is important if you like windows set up or Xbox dashboard set up I would recommend it

I like the phone, but after just 5 weeks the phone acted up, and now it is completely inop, but past the return date.

I have had this phone for two weeks. Thanks to HTC, it is a great phone! I really love the Windows system. It is so responsive on touch commands. Coming from 5 years of Blackberry experience, the WP 7.5 really amazes me. I can see a great future for Windows phones. The thing I like most is Windows voice command feature. It is hundreds times better than the Blackberry's.

Love the OS. Easy to use. Great Features - Xbox integration, Facebook/Twitter integration, People Hub, Zune. I can't wait for the next update.

I just switched from a Droid 2 to the Trophy since it's the only Windows phone Verizon currently offers.  All my friends have Androids or Iphones and thought I was crazy moving to this, but I did my research and I couldn't be happier with my decision.I'm pretty technical and loved customizing my Droid, but this phone does everything I did on that one, just smoother and more easily.  I love the live tiles, the internet browser, and the Bing maps integration.  The best part, however, is that my hotmail's Skydrive account (amazing by itself) is automatically synced so I can see all my OneNote notes, Word docs, Powerpoints, etc. right from the Office tile on the phone.  This is something I could not do on a Droid phone.The battery life is the same as on the Droid 2 (pretty average), but certain customizations help all phones to get more life per charge: don't sync a million different things, dim the screen, and turn off any radios you're not using (Bluetooth, Wifi, switch to CDMA only).I was waiting for a new Windows Phone on Verizon, but I'm so glad I decided to just get the Trophy, it's an amazing phone!PS.  The Mango update is supposed to make the phone much better, but I can't speak to that since my phone came with it already installed - I never got to see the pre-Mango version!  (Go under phone info under settings and make sure you're on version 7.5 - that's Mango.)

Great phone, it's very reliable and the windows phone OS is really easy to use and useful. Take a chance on windows phone and I bet you won't regret it. There are fewer apps than for iOS and android, but I don't personally notice the difference between 50,000 apps and 500,000.
