
So far, the phone has been great.  When I got it activated by Verizon, the clerk showed me the battery which does show some water damage.  So far it has worked well, but I guess I'm a little apprehensive about the life of this battery.  Got the phone in the 2 days as promised, although it was not packaged well.  Basically the phone, battery, and charger were bouncing around in the box with only one little bubble wrap around the phone.  But as I said, so far everything is working well, and I like it for what I wanted and needed it for.

I bought this used phone because i broke mine and i wanted the same one.  Glad i bought the same phone because the charger was not the right one so i had to use my own.  The front screen also has lines through it so the pictures are not clear.  The phone itself works good.

I bought this phone as a backup replacement for the one my wife has had for 3 years.  No guesswork as to why I bought this one: she was 100% satisfied with the one she already has.

This is my second Verizon LG which works perfectly for me as I do text; the querty board is easy to use, screen is large enough & has many other functions-great for those of us who are not ready for the smart phones and related monthly costs.

This is a no-nonsense cell phone that works great! This is my second one of these. My first one took a tumble on the freeway at 80+ miles an hour after it fell out of my motorcycle bag. I could have bought a higher end phone, but this one satisfies my needs just fine. Granted, it does not have all the bells and whistles of a 4G phone, but  who needs them?

I bought  a used phone.  It came quickly.  It is in excelllent condition.  I had to print up the instruction book to learn how to use it.  I am enjoying the phone and it is easy to use for my use.  I only use it as a phone and use the contacts list that I put into it.  So for me, this phone is great.

Don't want to get a new phone that requires a data plan when all I do is text and talk.  Purchased this model originally from Verizon and just plain wore it out.  This one works great.  Buying a second one to replace another family members phone.

I am not giving this phone a 5-star rating but I am giving the seller 5 stars. The original phone that we received was a little more scratched up then we would have liked. I was unable to send or receive multimedia messages. It took me 3 months to get the phone returned in order to receive a new one due to some personal issues. The seller was only required to give us 30 days for an exchange but he was extremely accommodating and very nice. This seller even sent us out a new phone before we returned the old one, trusting that we would get it back to him as soon as possible. The replacement phone works great and we are so appreciative of him extending the exchange time. Thank you so much and I would definitely purchase from him again!

It runs circles around smart phones in regard to speed and usefulness, but what flip phone doesn't? The buttons are in a very uncommon placement, though.

I have had one of these phones for 3 years and have had no problems. I now have 3 of these phones on my account.

The phone I received did not work properly.  You could not hear when messages were received even when volume was turned to high.  The camera was not working as it should so half the picture was cloudy. I was not at all happy with this phone.

LG  octane overall a very good phone easy to use great for texting  camera works good  am completely satisfied with  the product. The shipping was prompt and as advertised. Thank you Laron H.

I had this phone previously not from this seller and I had it for 2 years. I thought it was great because I never needed any special modern phone. The keyboard is really easy to type on. The quality of the pictures is not that great, but you get what you get for a phone like this.Everything seemed ok until I flipped open the phone. It was stiff and it made a &#34;crack&#34; noise when opened even though I was gentle with the phone. After that noise, the phone never completely closed. I compared it with my broken Octane and could not solve how to fix the problem.Ended up sending this phone back and getting an EnV touch.

I recommend this product. It is one step below the smart phone class. Very handy view and easy to use.

This is a great phone. This is my third one but I'm a bit abusive towards my phones. But they are pretty durable. I love the LG Octanes.  Especially since I can't afford a smart phone.

We buy less expensive, basic phones for our teen kids, and sometimes they wear out and have to be replaced.  I bought this phone as a replacement for another LG model our son used.  I wanted a Verizon compatible phone, but without locking into a contract or having to pay for smartphone service.  The price for this phone was good, and it had the features we wanted - calling, texting, pictures, video.  He can flip it open to use the QWERTY keyboard, or use it closed with the basic keyboard.  It came with a battery, charger, and instruction manual.Verizon activated this phone without any problems, the battery charged and so far is holding a charge well, and my son likes the style and color of it.  We don't get good cell coverage out here in the country, but he can text with it anywhere.This is a great buy, and cheaper than anything Verizon offers too.

Great phone for the $$.  Looking for a non-smart phone which can open and text well and is sturdy then this is the option for you!  Bought 3 of them.

The phone is great! It has a full keyboard for texting and the phone quality is superb.  Plus you so not have to pay the monthly internet fee that the smart phones require.

this phone is very durable and easy to use. it has a user friendly keyboard so the keys are a little bigger then some phones so it is nice for beginner keypad user. it is very user friendly . i wish that verizon never stopped selling this one in the stores. its much better then the slider they kept selling.the only down fall is it could zoom before u take a picture for better distance pictures

Good product that was shipped quickly. Much better than buying retail without an upgrade. Wish the phone was still being made so there would be more out there.

I like this phone a lot for what I ordered it for...a phone for messaging and answering.  I wanted a phone similar to the Cosmo (that I broke) with a flip qwerty keyboard and without a touch screen.  This is almost a duplicate to the Cosmo but quicker and with more options.  The battery keeps power for days and is quick to charge.  My only concern is the length of time it takes to power up after holing the power button to turn it on.  I turn my phone off every night so this is more noticeable...

When I first got this phone it was supposed to have been new ... I DONT think so. it is so slow

The phone was as described. It had some scratches but it works fine. Thanks Have a wonderful blessed day Thanks

This is my third Octane and I love it.  It has a large keyboard and large screens for a regular cell phone. I just text or talk on my phone so I don't need a smart phone.

this phone met all my expectations other than the poor sound quality.  Texting is easy with larger than normal keys.  The problem is hearing someone when they call.  I have mine set on &#34;high&#34; and still have trouble hearing their voice.

The phone looked to be in fine condition when it arrived - supposed to be a brand new phone. Packaging seemed to be a little suspect - ie. not new. Had no problems with transferring the number to the new phone from the old, but the phone periodically shuts down. not sure i would purchase from this reseller again.

this was to replace the exact phone I had that was lost. The only bummer is I hadn't written down any of the contacts.

This has been the best basic phone I have ever owned and of course Verizon doesn't sell it anymore. Excellent voice quality. Never drops a call. I have owned it over 4 years now and I have never had a problem.

This phone is really light and so small that it is unbelievable how great it works. My husband, who is not &#34;smart phone&#34; adaptable can actually navigate this phone with no problems. He likes the slide key board.

wife loves it and small cosmetic defect.  she didn't want a new phone and liked this model and was similar to current phone.

Cons:I guess you will have to find your way without a gpsYou have to think without the help of the internetPros:No Data plan requiredGreat for textingAlso works as a phone...  what a concept!Camera lens is protected by a replaceable lens on battery coverIt doesnt explode when you drop itIts not $600Awesome speakerphonegood battery lifeIf you want a phone that is good at being a phone you have found what you wanted.  I have used this for 2 years and it works great.

I bought this phone used through Amazon to replace an identical phone which was lost. It's a great phone for calls and texts and doesn't seem to have issues with unintentional calls, keyboard lock up, etc. that some of the other low to moderately priced phones tend to have. Seems to be a very durable phone since my teenager carried his first one everywhere for over a year with no issues. Great phone for teenagers if you aren't ready for the smart phone-associated costs. I've been very pleased with both of the phones we have owned of this particular model.

This LG Octane VN520 CDMA flip phone is perfect for my verizon plan.  NO DATA PACK REQUIRED!  I use the flip-up qwerty keyboard all the time. Great phone and easy to use.  If you  need a phone that does not require a data pack, this is the phone for you!

I am not into data packages, touch screens or game playing on my phones. This was a perfect fit for my wants. Shipped fast. Contacted seller and was answered super fast! Great service! Thanks!

loaded with just the right features and simple to use and reliable.  I've had one for couple years, so recommended it for my wife.

Original was stolen...one of very few models of cell phones that does not require a data pkg. to operate.  A lot of us (consumers) out there do not want or require data on our phones, I believe it is also a safer and more economical model for our young users.

The LG Octane features a large external display along with comfortably sized keypad. The phone flips open from the side to reveal a full keyboard, dual speakers and a slightly larger widescreen display. While closed the phone can be access many of its major functions like playing music, selecting ringtones, sending and receiving calls or text messages. Advanced configurations are available once the phone is flipped open.Because the LG Octane was discontinued it not a standard choice when purchasing a new contract, but it can still be purchased from an overstock dealer. This may be an advantage since it could be used on Verizon&#8217;s own prepaid services or activated with a current plan as a replacement or new device.The LG Octane was replaced by the LG Extravert which slides to reveal its keyboard eliminating the necessity of an internal screen. The Extravert also lacks the external keypad using a touch screen instead for placing calls.The LG Octane is a solid basic feature phone with a rare side-flip form factor that really lets the owner push the boundaries of what is available on a basic service contact without an additional data plan. I doubt there is a better dual-screen full keyboard phone available for basic service contracts.

Much nicer then newer old style phones. Has same capabilities. Larger keys, easier for old folks to use and understand.

I had to replace my old Verizon phone and bought this since Verizon only offers over-priced basic phones (because they try to force you to buy a smart phone)--this one is less than half the cost. I had a LG enV3 so I guess this is a new model LG. Works great, extremely easy to activate, but everything is just enough different from my old phone that I have to learn how to use it all over again--which is typical.

Purchased this to replace one like it--mainly use to text and didn't want a smart phone. This fulfills my expectations, although I found the text format harder to manage than the previous model.  People who like this phone, love this phone. I do wish it were GSM compatible--would be perfect to use cheaply in Europe with a sim card.

I previously owned this phone before. I like the slider feature of the phone accessing the key pad for texing which is the popular feature I use. Would highly recommend this phone.

I have always liked LG phones the best. I had a Samsung slider phone for the last 2 years and I missed the flip phone design, so I switched back this time. Everything works perfectly.

met every expectatation i had its a great phone i really like the features and how easy it is to use and how much like the env touch it is like ty

My cell phone started giving me problems before my contract was up, so I decided to purchase this phone to hold me over until the end of my contract.  I am very happy with this phone.  The sound quality is very good, and I like the larger sized buttons.  The phone came new and was in perfect condition.  The phone is nice and sturdy, too.

Well, where to begin with the LG Octane?First off, I have had prior experiences with the phone and it is by far my best most reiable Verizon phone yet. Great for those who don't want the extra data package, but want the 3G. All the features of this phone make it perfect for those not ready for a smartphone for whatever reason.Pros: perfect size, big buttons, QWERTY keyboard for easier texting. Battery life is great, messaging is efficient, internet is lightning fast for a 3G phone. Sound quality is excellent as is the durability and all-around convenience of all the features this phone has to offer. Partial multitasking is awesome too (can send texts/info when in phone calls, etc.)Cons: If anything, and maybe a stretch, there is no external speakerphone for calls when the phone is flipped shut. I can't think of anything else undesirable about this phone.As for the service, it was amazing as well. Item arrived almost a week ahead of the given range, and for a &#34;refurbished&#34; phone, it was undescribably new and I was unable to tell it was ever used. Setup was easy and got it activated right from the phone. Overall a 5-star experience and a product definitely well worth your money!

I didn't buy it off Amazon, but if I ever need a backup phone, I'll definitely buy this one. All around good phone. No touch screens. Front T9 and flip-up QWERTY keyboard. Always has clear sound when service is good. Decent battery life.Best part about it: Amazingly sturdy. When it fell in the grass one day and was pulled apart and chewed up by a puppy, the phone still worked perfectly fine (although a little banged up and scratched) and had no issues. Very reliable and tough! Good phone.

Ordered the phone. Got the phone per the ship time. Phone was ordered for my grandmother (80 years old) who had been without a phone for over a week. Got the phone with a water damaged battery. Had to contact vendor again. Then he only sent a phone w/out a battery. I had to purchase a battery from my company (which is largest wireless provider) and had it to her before the vendor had one sent. Phone is all scratched up and was a very bad experience! Awful!

This was a &#34;new&#34; phone in the box.  Arrived in timely manner.  Looked new, no wear.  Unfortunately the right arrow cursor key does not work.  Can't be without a phone while returning this (and would the replacement be worse?  I've read the horror stories.)  I paid the price to get the &#34;new&#34; phone to avoid just this type of problem.  My faith in this, and other Amazon vendors has been shaken. Otherwise I like the phone.  Keyboard is a good size.  (I do miss the handy shortcuts of my Blackberry though.) I am suffering through working without the ability to curser right (definitely irritating) as I dread the thought of the time and effort required to ensure that I get the fully functional phone that I paid for.  Amazon can you help restore my faith?  (Also, I did not receive the protective case I ordered from another vendor.)

The battery does not seem to hold a charge like my old phone.  Also the Speaker Volume is to low on the highest setting.

This is not the same phone I purchased from the store; it has a terrible camera that will not focus; also it is not as sturdy as the Octane I have.  It seems to be a factory second.  Very disappointed.

Came with a battery, charger, and almost spotless phone. Not a crack on the outside screen and just a little wear on the back cover. I've already put much more wear on it than it came with!

This is a very good phone. I lost my 1st one & then ordered a no contract one & it's still as great as the other one.I'm not into smart phones right now & texting is a staple for me since I live in the country & don't have good service all the time.The keyboard is great.The photos & videos are also very good off of this phone.So in total, I've been using this phone for over a year & I have had no problems with it.Great phone!I highly recommend it.

Finding a good quality phone that is not a smartphone is nearly impossible. This model is a great phone. I checked with our Verizon guys in the ONE store in my town where the staff are honest and helpful. They advise me on everything from iPhones to Droids to a dumb phone for a relative that doesn't WANT a smartphone. This was a great suggestion from my trusted phone guy - and it works very well.

i loved this phone. never had a problem with it, just verizon, ha!  i dropped it numerous times, spilled drinks on it, my son played with it and it kept working!

I mainly text, share pictures and just make phone calls, so I don't need a smart phone. This phone is awesome!

This is THE WORST phone I have EVER had!  If I could have given it negative stars I would have! I am in a contract with Verizon Wireless and I have been sent 4 different LG Octane phones over the past year.  They all have similar problems: phone powering down when you send a text message with an emoticon, powering down at random, powering down during phone call, powering down when sending a plain text message, lighting up at random (wasting battery), and the end button not working AT ALL (you can't turn the thing on/off or end a call without taking the battery out- which takes SEVERAL times of doing that before the phone powers back on).  Do NOT waste your money on this phone, you will be extremely frustrated!

No more butt dialing yay. Some touch phones just aren't worth the hassle this phone serves all my needs without the frustration some touch screens can bring.

When I needed help adjusting shipping time and locating this phone on  their website the gentleman who answered the phone was not only helpful and friendly but went out of his way to take care of my needs.  Can't say enough on how much I appreicate his assistance.

I've had my old Octane for as long as they've been out.  I had the Envy before that and would have kept it, if it hadn't fallen apart on me.  I love, love, love the Octane.  Unfortunately, mine had a run-in with an unsupervised child.  Long story short, my keypad was torn out.  I ordered one from Ebay because Verizon said that was the only place they knew of to get them.  Apparentely Verizon doesn't manufacture them anymore.  The phone I got from Ebay was scratched all over, the battery would not charge, and the charger that came with it wasn't the right one.  It was my first time using Ebay and I didn't realize that not everybody does returns.  This seller didn't.  So on a whim I decided to try my faithful Amazon.  The phone was a little more expensive, but when I got it I felt vindicated.  It looks brand new.  There's not a scratch or smudge on it.  It was fully charged when it arrived.  The charger was the right one.  The buttons all work just fine.  I was ecstatic.  I don't want a smart phone or touch screen phone, which is inevitable I'm afraid, but for now Amazon has my back.

The LG VN 530 Octane is an Excellent phone for those not in need of a smart phone. Great for texting.

So i have had this cell phone for 2 years now. I am 13, so i think you can guess what it goes through... (throwing, dropping, scratching, spilling, etc) yet it works great. I like to call this phone "the brick." IT IS INDUSTRACTABLE. LIKE ACTUALLY. No matter how many times you drop it, it doesn't brake!! (I am making this a long review because i hate when reviews are short and bad) UMMMM lets see... the camera.It has a flash (VERY bright)Not that bad quality for a phoneit has Panorama!!! ( i discovered that yesterday, which is funny because i have had this phone for 2 years)Calling:very easy to hear...goes very loudthe front keypad is large and easy to dial withi like the ringtones!sometimes when i make a call, the phone shuts down (but this just started to happen)Texting:the inner keypad is easy to use... i can text without lookinggood reception anywhere!you can send emails if you just enter an email adress where the phone number goesumm..yeahPhone Layout:easy to navigatedifferent colors/ layouts to choose fromcalculator, notepad, calculator for tip percentagesstopwatch, alarm, to do listthere issss voice commands!YOU CAN lock the screen with a password!your screensaver can be a VIDEO!!!! ( i love tht part)Cons;u have to press the "OK" button to unlock the phoneOVERALL it is a veryyy good phone, especially for teens! Its also INDESTRUCTABLE!!! If your plan allows, you can use social networking!

I got this as a replacement for my LG Octane i dropped into a cup of water that lost the ability to end phone calls or turn it off entirely. My replacement phone works better but it came with the volume button broken. ...I guess that's an improvement. Anyway, still a good phone and cheaper than the data phones out there. Good stuff.

Not impressed. Yes, I only paid 25.00 for a used phone, but it is very scratched. Not sure if I will end up keeping it or not. :( The phone does have neat features and is very easy to navigate. Hard decision for me. In addition, I was not able to use it on my pay as you go plan. Verizon would not transfer my account to this phone unless I upgraded. Not happy.

I recieved the phone in two days and was surprised that it was in perfect condition. It was only after I was texting on it for an hour I noticed that it tended to double some letters. I contacted the sellers and they responded quickly with return shipping instructions. I was bumped it was going to take a few days to to send it back, and then a few days to process, and then a few days to send a new one. Imagine my surprise when  a new phone arrived two days later, before I even had the chance to mail the old one! Very pleased. New one has no problems.

Both LCD screens collect dust easily. The outside LCD has irremovable smudges on it that make the screen a bit blurry. Other than that, I like the phone. I just have to deal with it for a couple of months before my contract ends.

I love the Octane. This phone that I bought however shows a bit of wear on the keypads in and out. The battery unit looks a little used to. It is worth what I payed for though. I am really excited to have this.Thank you

I love my &#34;dumb&#34; phone and suggest it to all those who are becoming more and more disenchanted with their &#34;smart&#34; phones.  This is my third one and as long as I can find this phone it will be what I carry!  Love it!

This is by far the best non data plan phone that is available for the Verizon network. I had one of these a few years ago then switch to the Brightside which was a giant piece of crap! Went back to grab one of these LG's.. The price was right and shipping was fast. A few days later my brother-in-law had me order him 2 (i think 1 is a backup)

Phone arrived as promised and has been working ever since. Just like the one it replaced. What else is there to say?

I bought this phone a couple of years ago.... it has worked fine and suited my purpose.... the only complaint i have is that it doesn't take very high quality pictures.... i need to get a phone with more pixels.

It isn't too scratched up and a charge was provided, but unfortunately the phone doesn't seem to be holding it's charge very well.

The company seemed unreliable at first, but I then they came through. I tried to activate it and it activated under another phone number. I returned it, within a week I go it back. Brand new, and ready to go, I love my phone &lt;3

did not turn on....after completely charged so it said....i had this phone previous...loved it really sad it was defected....wished it work.

Easy to use - lots of features - loved mine so much I bought this one for my son.  I've dropped mine a thousand times and it keeps on working!

Did not like the phone and sent it back.  The keyboard was not what I expected and I wanted to get a better one.

This phone did its purpose as a cell phone. I have a hard time texting because of the keyboard but it was great making and receiving phone calls.

I've had this same cell phone before, but got an upgrade.  Well, the upgrade was just a little fast for an old timer.  Every time I touched the phone, it was automatically dialing someone by mistake so I decided to go back to my old phone.  Unfortunately, I gave my old phone to my wife who liked it, so here I go buying the same cell phone again. I find that it's not complicated to work and serves my purpose.

This phone was very disappointing. Couldn't wait to move on. Keyboard at some strange slant that just doesn't work. Keep looking.

Works great for the person who only needs to call and text, and requires no data plan.  Highly recommended cell phone

I'm not going to knock it for what it's not...it's not a smart phone, but it gets the job done without paying for exorbitant data....that's what we were looking for, that's what we got...

Love this phone.  Internet ready for 15 bucks a month.  Easy to work and to text.  I just love this phone.

The LG Octane is a very tough phone, very will made and takes a beating.  The main reason I went to this phone was to prevent the &#34;butt&#34; calls I was getting on the slider phones.  The phone is easy to operate, the earpiece is loud and clear.  The speakers are nice in a pinch when you want music but would have been a lot better if they were put on the outside of the phone.  As a basic text phone, this is a very good phone, I am on my second LG Octane (went swimming with the 1st one) and would buy another.

Very easy and seamless to activate with Verizon.  She has been using this for over a year and has not had any issues.  This is her second time having this same phone so we knew she liked it.  The keyboard inside is helpful for her with texting.

After my past phone expired I searched all over Verizon for a new "non smart phone". Much to my dismay , I noticed that Verizon gives "dumb phone" users about 4 choice, all of which are pieces of junk. A relative showed me their Octane and the 1st thing I noticed was that the buttons are big. My fingers are big so I can't text on keys the size of pin heads.After reading some reviews and noticing the price of a "used" phone on ebay and Amazon, this caught my attention.The phone is basically a smart phone without the $220 per year upgrade fee, mandatory data package etc.In one phrase, it is awesome. By far the best phone I have ever used. Tons of features, big keys, cool pad, flip open features on and on.If you're buying a used one, be careful. Don't buy on Ebay, which is about the worst place you can buy electronics. The return policies are shady and the vendors are straight up theives, protected by Ebay, who is also one big thief. With Amazon, if you buy a used one and it is "too used", you can return it with no hassle. You won't find that on Ebay.I "moderately used" LG Octane can be interpreted as "beat to heck and back".I had to return my 1st phone because it was heavily used, and then the vendor sent me an awesome one. So in short, if you want a good one, pay for it, or get ready to play the return game.

Phone arrived on time and well protected. Phone works excellent. This is my second LG Octane and I don't think there is a better standard phone out there. I started with a brief case phone in the 80's, to the brick and blackberry. Totally recommend this phone if not in the market for a smart phone.

I purchased this phone recently and was happy to see that it actually did come new in a box and everything. Nothing was out of place and it all worked fine. If you're looking for a basic phone to buy, this is a good one.

My husband has had the Octane for a couple of years and he loves it.  Meanwhile, I have hated every phone I have had for years.  The Octane has great ratings and everyone seems to love it.  Why has Verizon stopped making it?  Could it be that they want you to buy another phone and another phone when you could just have one that always works??!  And, if possible, I will always order through Applewireless at Amazon.  Great company!

I like this phone. It's a discontinued Verizon phone, so when I seen it here and read so many good reviews, I decided to give it a try. I like the two screens. One for quick viewing and text, or open it up for using the qwerty board. I'm glad I got it!!

Phone came in new box and was in mint condition. I have no need for the data phones and I have this same phone now. I purchased this as a spare because the new none data phones are lame.

I am very pleased with the seller of this phone. I've had no technical issues with it and the phone looked brand new. The only minor visual flaws I've noticed are two black specs inside the screen on the internal screen and flipping through my pictures takes longer on this phone than the last Octane I had but overall I'm very happy with it!

I owned a phone just like it. Got great service out of it.When phone was ordered it arrived as promised. Great serviceall the way around.

The phone was scratched and the volume is so low it's hard to hear the other person on the line.

Verizon LG Octane was in good working condition, shipped to an alternate location, I was traveling which worked out great.  I am very Satisfied with my purchase and Amazon's options.

Said it was new. It might have been but this product had some scratches. It has proved to work well.

Love this phone.  Glad I can still get it through Amazon.  It has more features than I will ever learn.

I ordered this as a replacement for my mother's phone. She had this model and liked it so she wanted to replace it with the same phone when her original malfunctioned.  The produce was delivered as described and arrived faster than expected.  The phone had a few blemishes, but arrived as described.

I was disapointed the phone didn't come with a manual -- you have to download one. Also, I'm not &#34;techy&#34; at all. And couldn't figure out how to change font size -- thanks to the kids, they did that for me. Still, the front screen will increase font size of incoming texts, but we can't find a way to increase the font size of what I'm trying to text. In order for me to see what I'm texting, I have to flip the screen open and text. Maybe that's what everyone does with these types of phones, but I don't. But it will serve it's purpose -- it was cheap.

This phone is basically bullet proof dropped 1000 themes ans it still works camera takes very good pics and there r so many different cases too

I was looking for a phone that would allow me to text and make calls with ease.  The Octane does exactly that, and I am thrilled to not have a data plan as I am on the computer frequently on the job.

It's exactly like my old one, and just what I wanted, no frills, no touch-slide stuff, no multiple letters on keypad.

AN AMAZING VERIZON MESSAGING PHONE!I had, owned the LG VX5400 prior to owning this wonderful phone. I purchased it because I was in the market for a new device, and my contract was up. I have used many smartphones and QWERTY keyboarded phones, so I decided on another one (even though my last was not a qwerty).As soon as I got this phone I really thought of the ENV9900. This was my last eNV phone that I had owned, and because of me washing it was left with the 5400. I immediately fell in love with the keyboard, and the amount of messages this can hold is simply amazing as well.The camera is the best of any 3.2 MP camera I have seen. Because I have had cell phones, my digital camera was only a 3.2 MP (old camera) and I thought it had good shots. I actually resorted to putting it in a drawer and using this for full time imaging and pictures if that tells you something. No issues here. Recommended 100%

I was looking for a non data phone and this fit the bill.  The only problem I had is the battery died (wouldn't charge) after a short time of having the phone.  Luckily I had another phone of the same kind and swapped out batteries.  Otherwise, phone was shipped promptly, and everything was fine.

A good phone for texting. The keys take some time getting used to they are a little flat. Message Menu takes time to get used to because it is confusing. Small, very dependable. Nice phone.

The reason I got this phone is because it doesn't require a data plan with Verizon.  This is pretty amazing,  The phone works fine as a dumb phone.  The inside screen has a bubble in it, but I hardly ever open the phone so it doesn't bother me much.  Pretty much everything can be done from the outside of the phone. One bad thing is that it isn't compatible with mac, so I have no way of putting music on it.  But not really that big of deal.

I Received the phone in a timely manner. I know the phone was used, but the front screen was scratched up, once it was flipped open the inside was dirty. Sent the phone and received a full refund.

I initially had a problem with the phone not delivered with a working battery.  The seller contacted me immediately to resolve the issue.  I already had purchased a new battery so they asked if they could send me something else to cover my extra cost.  Within two days I received a new Bluetooth headset to use with my phone.  Very impressive company to deal with and I would highly recommend them to use.

Its a good phone, but its a basic phone. The hinge for the screen actually broke after 2 months, so it still works fine but does`nt stay closed. I will probably move up to a smart phone soon.

I really like this phone especially the camera with built in flash nice feature and customer service is really good.I would do business with them again.Thank you again

I really love this phone has everything I need in a phone. My only concern is the battery it doesnt seem to last as long as my old phone. I hope this isnt a sign of a possible problem. I received 2 phones and had to return one for a flaw in phone. That phone to did not have a good battery life. I am not on any internet or anything fancy I just txt and make phone calls. I charge one day and have 2 bars 2 days later. I hope this wont be a problem because I wouldnt know where to get a new battery. My old envy 3 held a charge for 5 days if that gives any indcation of little I use this phone. I thank you for this opportunity to express my concerns. If there is any worry concerning this matter please email or maybe this is just type of phone. Thank you Natalie Metz

THE PHONE I RECEIVED WAS NOTHING LIKE THE OCTANE- HARD TO UNDERSTAND HOW THAT MISTAKE WAS MADE AND SINCE ORDERING A CASE FOR IT CAUSED US ADDITIONAL RETURN ISSUES WOULD NEVER ORDER A PHONE AGAIN FROM THIS PARTICULAR SITE

I love this phone and would highly recommend it to anyone that's not ready to cross over to a smart phone yet. If you just want a great basic phone for texting & making calls this is your phone. The full flip Qwerty keyboard is great plus great camera and super long battery life. My original LG Octane got crushed and I was so bummed to learn that Verizon no longer carried it. They said my only hope was to find one for sale on the secondary market. I was glad to find one here on Amazon and gladly paid the $134 price to get it. I was a little worried buying one from an unknown seller due to a bad experience w/a phone purchase off ebay in the past but so far, so good. My only complaint is the protective film covering that comes on a new phone from the manufacturer was really scuffed up. The phone wasn't scratched or scuffed but the film was so scufffed up I had to peel it off in order to use the phone. My old phone still had its original film covers. I like to leave them on as long as possible for added protection. Otherwise it arrived on time and no problems with the phone itself. Again, this is a great phone. Best I've ever owned.

I was excited to get this phone, everything is good except that I cannot hear well at all from incoming and outgoing calls.  Can anything be done about this ???

I love my LG octane. There is not much I can say more....Awesome display and features, Great sized number pad and great texting keyboard. The phone is nice and loud and I can hear very well on it. It has a great feel not cheap at all. So glad I took the leap and purchased it. Very Happy!

Had to return and purchased a phone directly from my carrier to insure it was useable.  Not a good experience.

I Love my LG Octane I have had it for about 3 years and it still works great.The only thing I don't like is the ear jack is 2.5 and I have had a hard time finding them in stores .

Frequently the screen goes blank for long periods so you cannot view your contacts or texts. It also doesn't always charge properly. I LOVED my previous octane that's why I got another...but this one is a lemon.

I have been very dissointed with this phone every since I received it. Volume is very low even when set on hi. Texted is already doubling the letters again which is the reason I replaced my old one. Was shipped fast . Maybe I just got a bad phone

Phone was bought for my 13 year old son it is easy to use and practical. He love the quality of pictures it takes.

The phone works great, the camera is clear and the qwerty keyboard is great.  The sound is clear and crisp.

inside screen has debris trapped in it which makes it hard to see..loved my other one thats why i chose it again..

I got this phone and since I got it I have problems with the ear piece, even if the volume on the high its almost not possible to hear.beware before you buy.

Love this phone it is the last LG model before their touch screen phones and I don't want a touch screen phone. Very well made. Thinking I should get a back up in case I ruin this one.

I like this phone. It was a replacement for the one I had for 4 yrs. Same phone same options

This is my husband's 2nd Octane. He just needs a phone to call and text, and take an occasional photo. He's had his first one for 3 years, and it still works fine, except the camera lense got scratched, and some of the letters wore off, but that's to be expected. He was very happy to replace his phone with the same model, so he didn't have to learn to use a whole new phone. They're sturdy, not too big or small, and nice looking.

Even though this phone was used, I did sort of expect less damage than the phone has. There are a few dings here and there but my biggest problem was that it was FILTHY. I'm not sure where this person kept this phone but there was crap in all the little crevices and it had greasy spots on it. I probably will never buy a phone on amazon again because of the vague explanations of the conditions of these phones. The last phone I bought was used as well and the front touch screen was all messed up and I couldn't even use it. But since I'm not that picky and need a phone until June, Hopefully this will last until then.

phone was pretty much as described (although it had  quite a bit of scratches on the front screen) No problems activating, or using [

this is the 3rd one I have purchased. I don't want an expensive smart phone or Iphone for my needs and my husband and I LOVE this phone. So easy and fits our needs perfectly

I purchased this phone to replace the same model that I had drowned in my pool. I had looked at what was available and decided that I did not like them so I wanted the same phone that I had. Price was good and delivery was good also. Have been using for about 6 Months and am very happy that I was able to get the same phone.

Five stars. Bought this for my husband and great so far. Hard to find a good phone that does not need a data plan. This has a big screen, awesome camera and easy to read for us old folks. I'm buying one for myself the minute I finish this review.

Buyer Beware.  These phones (I purchased 2) are either rejects or refurbished.  Oakland Wireless agreed to replace one of them, but it and the second phone are inferior products.  I've had this model for years and wanted simply to replace my worn out original.  In both units, the camera was so inferior it was useless to even attempt to take a picture.  &#34;Dust&#34; would enter both units and get behind the interior screen to the point you could not read text messages.  No more orders like this, I've retired two phones purchased in March after 5 miserable months of inferior service.  No more from Oakland Wireless, Amazon orders have been excellent.

This is a replacement of the same phone (dropped the first on a very hard floor).  Our daughter bought one first and really liked it, so my husband and I each bought one.  It's perfect for those of us who don't want &#34;smart phones.&#34;  Paired them with our 2012 Chevy Equinox Bluetooth.

This is the same phone I have been using for 3 years, but water damage to my old one finally took its life!  I like the phone so much I ordered this used one on Amazon and outside of wear to the surface of the phone, it works great and was very easy to activate from home.

Quick ship phone just as described worked fine! Would buy again, we love it. Great to deal with and worked with our verizon plan

This phone was an upgrade from a flip phone. Very happy with keyboard functions. Still learning the &#34;in & Out&#34; of the phone but needed a newer phone.  Shipping was good, phone is functional and meets expectations

The LG Octane is the ideal cell phone for those not quite ready for a touch screen.  Call quality is fine, volume level is easily adjusted, and speaker phone easily accessed.  The Octane opens like a clam shell rather than sliding allowing the QWERTY keyboard three lines rather than two; much easier to manipulate for texting.  Everything inside is spelled out re clearing (CLR) or ending (END), etc. which is simpler than interpreting the cryptic symbols found on other phones.  My favorite feature is the camera.  Photos are sharp and the editing options include "cropping" which is much more practical than many of the photo editing options on other phones. Unfortuneately, LG has stopped making the Octane forcing those who LOVE it to resort to hunting for used or refurbished Octanes.  (Thank Heaven for Amazon; a good resorce for the Octane hunt.)  I am currently enjoying my second Octane and will probably use this model as long as a good workable Octane can be found!

Love my other Octane, so when it started acting wonky, ordered this one. The new one from applewireless DID NOT WORK. I even bought a replacement battery. Still nothing. No resolution

Just received my new un-used old stock VN530 from cellular direct with new wall and car chargers. The phone works as advertised and I had no problem at all getting my local Verizon store to activate it for me. This is a great replacement phone for any older flip style cell phone.

I've had this phone for a little over a year. I've never had any major problems with it. I am not a smartphone user. I don't go on the internet on my phone. I mainly use it for phone calls, texting/video messaging, IM, and the occasional picture when my actual camera isn't handy.Sometimes there's a delay when texting but I am a fast typer so I think it's just trying to keep up with me. The main reason I chose this phone when my last one bit the dust was I loved it had no touch screen. Me and touch screens do not get along. This was the only one at the time that was a flip phone (which I prefer) and had a physical keyboard. The keyboard is very easy to use and there are no hindrances when texting.The battery life is definitely very good. I can go at least 4 days without charging, unless I talk a lot, then it will need charged in about 2 days. I mainly text so I can go quite awhile without charging. Usually by now my battery has started to drain more quickly with over a year use, but this one is still holding pretty strong.The camera is average. It's not one with all the features. I just use it to snap a quick picture once in awhile. It doesn't do too bad.I can't give any review on any of the extra features, but if you're just a little more than average phone user this is a great choice.

I miss my LG Octane! I left it in the pocket of my pants when I did the laundry. Since, I had to have a phone right away, I bought a Samsung u380 Brightside. The Octane nor any full keyboard flip phone was sold anymore at the store I shop at.The Octane was so easy to use and very rugged(except for it is not waterproof :-( ). I don't like smartphones cuz I can't type on the things; I fat finger them or have to repeatly touch the same 'key' to input. The Octane flips right open and the real keyboard is easy to use. Plus a flip phone screen angle can be adjusted where this Samsung slider is either open or closed. the Samsung keyboard limits the typing on the top row because fingers hit the top half of the phone.No worries about 'butt typing' with the Octane; the Samsung has a mind of its own! The Samsung won't stay off in my pocket when I want it off(eg. the theater, church, etc.). The Samsung voicemail button is too easier to hit; why did Samsung require 2 key touch for voicemail rather than one?The Octane camera is great. It has a flash(Samsung - not), easy to point and the camera features are easy to understand.So maybe this is more a negative review of the Samsung u380 Brightside. Why did I spent $200 for it, when I could have bought one here for $80-90? What am I going to do when I am force to get a smart phone with no real keyboard?

It works really good and it was brand new  thanks guys i will recomend to my friends snd family  .

Hinge was broken when I recieved it. Could of been refurbished. One thing I don't want is a toilet phone.

I'm very happy to say that I got exactly what I paid for and received it 2 days earlier than expected. The phone was new and included the new accessories listed. The phone was even set up for activation and all I had to do was press send to start the activation process. I have had the phone for a full week and it's working perfectly and the battery is holding a charge well. I would highly recommend this seller based on my experience!

The phone was exactly as described . Very accommodating customer service. I needed to replace a phone my daughter lost.

I reodered this after mine died..I do not want complicated or designer phones..just one that is easy to use and has an easy text keyboard..this works!

This one has a little bit larger keys for texting which makes it easier for us Seniors.  I recommend this phone for all people who need the larger keys.

this phone was perfect for my mother who is not so technologically savy and at a good price. good buy for an easy to use phone for every aspect

Keyboard is flat so must look at keyboard while texting, multiple occasions phone call was pure static despite full reception (on redialing the call was normal), call quality sub-par.

I've had this phone for almost a year now.Pros:-Full keyboard-All buttons feel good and all still working properly-Good quality audio from the built in stereo speakers-Good battery lifeCons-Outside display is useless for everything except messaging, contacts, music, pictures and bluetooth settings-Small and thus the microphone doesn't reach my mouth when speaking-2.5mm audio jack that requires special stereo adapter for 3.5mm headphones-Camera lens is close to the edge and easy is slip a finger in front of on accident-Firmware is a little slow and sometimes lags-Cumbersome and inefficient music managing options-No preloaded chess :p

I m Happy very happy it is what my daughter wanted and no long term contract one two three four

Who says you have to buy a smart phone?!?  The phone looks great, reception is very good, and the keybord is the best part by having big clear buttons.

The phone itself is good, I have had that kind of phone for a long time. However, this phone said &#34;good condition, and it was not in good condition. The camera does not work, the screen is scratched, the speaker only works occasionally, and there is a crack on the keyboard.

I have an Octane and it has been about 3 years now. I love it! The battery life remains long lasting and the keyboard has not worn at all. I ordered this phone as a back for when mine dies or i lose it. I don't care for the iphone and have no desire to access the apps or internet so this phone is perfect. It stinks that i still have to pay a small data fee even though I don't use it but you cant find a phone with a keyboard for texting that doesn't have some data access.

The phone arrived basically just as if I had obtained it from Verizon directly. It was even set up to register with Verizon automatically when I turned it on (after using the MyVerizon webpage to point Verizon's system at the new phone rather than the old one).I can't think of anything that could have made it a better experience.

Phone arrived in perfect condition and I have no complaints about it.  The keyboard is easy to use and the phone seems well built.

Excellent product. I replaced my old LG Octane with this phone because I accidently destroyed mine.  This phone is easy to use and has convenient features.Verizon Wireless activated the phone free. The phone arrived before the estimated delivery time.

When we first received this new phone it was broke when it came out of the box.  Two small pieces of plastic had broken off the hinge.  We returned it to the company (out $12 in shipping) and they sent us another new phone.  One week into using the phone,  another plastic piece broke around the hinge on the phone. Now the phone flops open and closed.  Electronically the phone is fine, seems to be an engineering defect in the thickness of the plastic in the hinge area.  This is my daughters phone and she saved up to buy it...so I'm totally disappointed.

It quit working 1 week after I purchased it....I want to return it but I don't know how...could someone please tell me how to get my money back

This phone has been my favorite for the last year. I have gone through 3 but not because of the phone. I had it stolen and fallen in water...just my luck. Very good phone for texting. I liked the picture quality and the volume was good on the phone too. Nice basic phone I just wish I didn't cost $170.

Bought this phone because I've been buying the Samsung Intensity II for years now and wanted to try something new. After reading the reviews, I figured I would take a chance with this phone.The negative reviews were right. Got the phone: sounds garbled, cannot understand people on other end of line. Would not charge correctly, lost calls all over the place (even in places where other Verizon providers had no issue whatsoever),and eventually.... It just stopped working all together. Never could hear it ring, and the speaker phone sucked. So this phone, at least for me, was a piece of junk.BUT I HAVE ALWAYS HAD ISSUES WITH LG PRODUCTS. Will stick to Samsung from now on.

My old Octane wouldn't text properly any longer, so I tried to purchase a refurb from ebay and ultimately had to return it--long story, so I had to pay Amazon's price for a new one, but am so glad I did.  Even though the battery that came with this phone wasn't holding a charge, I contacted the vendor and they very graciously replaced the battery (actually sent me two batteries).  Now the phone and battery are working great.  My husband and I love the Octane because the basic phones Verizon now offers are not to our liking.  The three models have smaller keys for text and less megapixel cameras.  They just aren't as good as the Octane.  If you're not ready to go with a smart phone, this is the best out there in my opinion.  This phone was as advertised by this vendor--new in the box.
