
My children share their phone and it was time for an upgrade. Much cheaper than buying direct from tmobile. Tmobile wanted about $100 for this plus the upgrade fee. Amazon saved me tons of money. My kids can make their own ringtones. They can take pics, take videos, and it you can slide it to use the keyboard for texting. Perfect.

This phone did not work at all.  There was a buzzing that did not go away.  We owned one previously but it did  not last a year.

got the phone for the wife to replace an aging flip phone that she had for yearsit works great for texting and gets good reception

It's an ok phone, but it's to difficult to operate even something as simple as turning up the volume is hard to do as there are no volume control buttons on the outside of the phone, I say if your a techinal kinda person this might work for you,it's just not for me good luck

My carrier (PlatinumTel) recently changed from CDMA through Sprint to GSM through T-Mobile, and this necessitated getting a new GSM phone, for which they gave me a coupon on this one.The features are decent. Camera, bluetooth, MicroSD card, USB, even a "regular" 3.5mm headphone jack rather than the micro ones I've typically seen on handsets. Alcatel has a free tool via their website which lets you easily transfer custom ringtones and images and other stuff to and from the phone, a nice plus.HOWEVER, in an area which according to T-Mobile should be in the "very good" level of signal strength, this phone kept dropping out from within my office. To talk I either needed to head for the nearest window or go outside, inside whomever I was talking too would hear bits and pieces of what I was saying and me likewise, and I sort of had to adjust my position to find a "sweet spot" where our voices were consistent. I even installed a cell signal booster in my office, and this made almost no difference!I may keep this phone as an MP3 player, but I found it unacceptable in my area signal-wise.

This phone certainly comes in handy if you need a cheap replacement.I wouldn't have gotten this phone if it wasn't for an emergency. To be quite honest. I didn't like this phone at all. But it get's the job done I guess.

The phone was fine for the price.  Nothing fancy, but it did what it was supposed to do- at first.Then after 5 weeks it will no longer turn on.  Even after completely removing this battery.  The battery will charge, but it _WILL NOT_ turn on.  Of course, this happened 1 week after the Amazon return policy lapsed.

save your money for something better. just saying. I currently own this phone and personally feel that it runs too slow. it constantly resets itself right in the middle of receiving texts. The internet that i pay extra for runs even slower.

-It has pocket dialed 911 15 times in 4 months. Autolock is set to 5 seconds, but it doesn't matter because pressing 1, 9, or 0 multiple times dials the Emergency number.  This is unacceptable.-Reception is poor compared to previous phones.  Coverage in my own home is spotty when it wasn't before.-The keyboard is poor.  The top row of keys is not low enough.  The keys are not spaced far enough apart.  It's about as fast to use T-9 style.Don't waste your money on this crap.

It works well enough for a basic phone. However, my screen cracked easily within the first few days; I still don't know how that happened. I wish it had a timer and external volume controls, which my old Nokia phone from 2005 has, though.

It works okay, when I get reception. But it is much bigger than my phone that died. I probably should have just bought a new battery for my phone.

This is a great beginner phone for my son. It is easy to maneuver around on and he seems to really like it!

I lke this phone after 1 week of usage: good quality of calls, good battery life, FM radioo, music player (should buy MicroSD card). I commute to work by train and can listen news and musi w/o any additional player. Unfortunately, it does not look fancy or attractive, warranty is 90 days only but I am OK' with that at such price tag.0 for resonable price.

Is working well after three months and is is easy to text people.  I use only as a phone since I have no data plan.  I like dth ephone a lot it is light and easy to carry.

Great phone - just like the one that flew off the top of my car so my daughter didn't have to get used to another model.  Best of all a great price!

Voice quality is much better than a typical low-cost phone.  Picture and video are are low-resolution, but functional. (1.5M camera)  Texting with slide-out keyboard is not great, but is much better than most low-cost phones with only one keypad.  Bluetooth is a plus.

Bought this for our tween so she'd have a link to us when she's away.  Holds a charge well, call quality is clear.  Keyboard is handy for texting.  We don't allow her to use the data functions so I can't comment on how those work.  We've had T-Mobile for over 10 years so this was a cheap way to add her on to our existing plan.  I love that it's got a look and feel that it is &#34;cool&#34; but if she breaks it the $29 investment doesn't make it the end of the world.

Very nice phone for the price, would buy this phone again, super fast shipping. Should come with a cover to protect the screen.Thanks

I paid about $23.00 for this phone as a fill-in after mine drowned in vodka and cranberry juice. I popped my SIMM card in, charged the phone, and it worked like a champ. Still does. Only knock: the Internet connection is practically worthless.

It deleted all of my g/f's contacts. No memory disc whaht so ever. Waste of time and money. Would never want anyone going through the same BS.

Works good in very good coverage areas only. My house is in poor coverage area, so I can use it only in some parts of house. My other phones seem to work better on the same network.

The phone works fine, but calls 911 when in my pocket (constantly). There is no way to turn off this feature. The 9 and 1 are available even if the phone is locked. I do not recommend this phone.

This is an awesome togo phone and i have it ready for my mom for Mothers Day.  It is great for texting and easy to use.  Highly recommend it as well..

This phone was bought as a quick, temporary replacement for my daughter.  It has your basic functions.  She can call and text.  I wish I had done more research first because you can get the same phone at Walmart or walmart.com for $39.99.  She doesn't like it because it's not a touch screen like her broken phone and she doesn't like the internet quality of this phone.  I would recommend it, if you needed a quick replacement and did not want to do an upgrade with your current provider, which was my case.

This is a reliable, basic phone that can be used for texting with the slideout keyboard. Also works as a camera and MP3 player.

This phone is crap !!! The Keyboard the service heck stay away from T-mobile !!! they suck too Im unloading the product and the provider asap!!!

A good alternative to an MP3 player with built-in FM Radio tuner with no cost to listen to stations. The expandable Micro SD Card slot makes the SPARQ able to hold music, videos, and pictures.

This phone can make phone calls. It can receive phone calls. So far so good.But when I paid $50 for a decent phone that can access internet I didn't expect this.You have to use this thing's Opera Mini Browser that takes 10 minutes to load. EVERY TIME YOU LOAD IT.This phone is a piece of garbage. I cannot wait to get a new one.Save your money for something better. Don't waste a dime on this crap.

This phone is a nice little phone and seems to work well but I wish that it had internet and whatnot...My 14 yr old had been begging and begging for it and has no problems with using it. Lol

It misses calls, which got me into some serioussssssssss trouble.. my recruiters are going to kick my ass partly only partly because of the phone. and sometimes when i text and too many people are texting me it resets and rereads the sim card which can be really annoying if you are in a deep conversation lol

I've had this phone for over a year. Works we'll, sounds great. I have no need for any gadgets except to talk and text. I recommend it for that. If you need to take pics buy a camera. If you need to listen to music buy an iPod. But, if you want a just a phone to talk and text...this is it!

good phone for a kid . it just the base .

I loved this phone..until it wouldnt turn on for no reason. It was a decent basic phone until it just wouldnt turn on and it turned out to be a bust..waste of my time and money. It probably losted 5months.

I ordered it for my mother who did not want the smart phone, Just needed a new one. Its ok for an older person who just wanted basics.

there was no guide with either phone. really need them

Cheap, cheap, cheap.  Has basic features, but stopped working within 3 hours of me using it.  Total junk.  Not worth the price, as inexpensive as it is.

I purchased this phone used (while my iPhone was getting fixed) and was a small, light weight simple yet good phone to use; easy to get adapted to but for some reason it turned off twice within the 3 weeks I had it

Bought this for our 12 year old daughter. When she's in the house, she normally will communicate with her friends via her itouch, so this phone is for use just when she's away from the home. Phone works fine and is easy for her to text on. For $49 + $100 for 1,000 minutes good for one year, it's a good deal for young or casual cell phone users for calling/texting.

Love it! It fits me well. I use my phone for talking and texting only. This is what I needed.

The SIM card reader was broken so I couldn't even use the phone, I ended up just throwing it in the trash a few weeks later.

I ORDER THIS PHONE FOR A CHILD AND I AM NOT THAT HAPPY BUT IT IS A GREAT STARTER PHONE DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU ARE TRYING TO DO A WHOLE LOT IT HARD TO CONNECT TO THE INTERNET AND YOU CAN HARDLY SEE . SO IT GREAT FOR A KID

This phone works great. I love t mobile and its not high on price. Easy to work great phone for texting.

I picked this phone because I intended to get my daughter on Tmobile's $15/mo text only plan. This phone is perfect for that and looks pretty good. I don't think any of her friends have this phone, so the uniqueness factor is good too. There are cases that can be bought for this on ebay and amazon, although we haven't bought any yet. I have a boost phone, and I think this Sparq phone might be better than my phone.UPDATE: It has been less than 2 months with this phone and the screen went black for no apparent reason! What a waste!

when i got it the phone didnt work!  it wouldnt even charge! so it wouldnt turn on at all! im very upset.

Wouldn't connect to network in my area..was not happy because I lost 20 dollars prepaid on that phone..would not recommend.

It's No Smart Phone, but for a regular simple use cell phone, it is perfect.  Perfectly priced, perfectly easy to use, and even though it is a prepaid phone, it works perfectly with my regular Tmobile SIM card.

Great phone for texting and has a very good T-Mobile text plan for $30.00 a month plus tax of course unlimited text an 100 min. Talk-time has other plans too check it out.well worth the price .Bought this phone for my son who likes to text ,he is very happy with this phone.Hope this helps anyone needing a phone to text.The phone has a pull out to text .I would recommend to family and friends.

I got the T-Mobile Sparq on Friday 05/10/13, and it has been a nightmare. The first problem was getting the Bluetooth to play music correctly,even though my headphones were paired, the music wasn't going to the headphones. A salesman changed a setting that got that to work, but if the phonewas turned off, the setting for the music changed back and music came out of the speaker.The music player has no option for creating playlists, so if you want to do that you're out of luck.The specs I was looking for was stereo Bluetooth and being able to use a 16 GB memory card,which it can do, but the music player sucks and the Bluetooth is difficult. All I had to do on my AT&T; Pantech Breeze 2 was connect the headphones to the phone, and that was it, no special settings to get the music to go to the headphones. After the music issue, tried web browsing, which was a total disaster. T-Mobile has "unlimited" Internet, and with a Qwerty slider keyboard you would think it would be good for using Twitter or being online. It was incredibly slow, and kept getting "memory full" error messages. I discovered the Sparq has so little RAM, a spec I didn't think to look up, it's almost useless for using online.When I checked my phone's RAM I had 1.9 MB to work with, which filled up fast.A description online said the phone has 8 MB of RAM, either way, my old flip Pantech Breeze 2 has 80 MB of RAM, which was good enough to surf the Web with. So the phone is worthless to me as a music player and for being online, all this phone is good for is phone calls and voicemail, that's it. So I found out you can "unlock" your old cell, and put your T-Mobile SIM card in your old phone, and use it instead. Which is what I did. Back to the Pantech Breeze 2, with a T-Mobile SIM card in it. But T-Mobile tech support doesn't really know how to change the settings on the phone so the Internet will work. So no Internet, but the Sparq was useless anyway. After 3 days of using T-Mobile, AT&T; is looking a lot better. I do not like or trust T-Mobile.

I got this to replace my 6 + your old pay as you go phone. So this was a HUGE jump from that. Im using this as a pay as you go also, but now have a camera/video, text, radio and a few other nice gadgets. For the basic cell phone person, this will work great

Terrible manual, terrible customer help, terrible policies and procedures.  Sorry Tmobile, you have been negligent toward your paying customers. The phone just has too many bugs that interfer with smooth operations. The tech help does not comprehend severe disability or maybe they just don't care.  This attitude will come back to haunt you.

The phone is great in all most all ways but the phone can easily get scratched if only this phone had a family plan option

Everything delivered as expected, I put my old T-Mob sim card from the previous phone to keep my # and all's well. Big display, EZ to use, it's all good. Thank you!

I loved it when I got it. Had to sent back to manufacture after 5 months for repair.  Don't know if I got a reconditioned one or new one. Only have this one  2 months. Well see how long it lasts.

This phone is just ok with not a lot of options. I bought this phone for my wife because all she does is text. There is no option for the alerts when she receives a text to reminder that she has a new text so if she misses it then she has to physically look at it. That is annoying but for the price I guess it is a small price to pay?

i bought this phone hoping for a newer and better one that would be easier to text on (after my old fashioned flip phone...)i am very dissapointed because the keys are so tiny it is hard to type, and the features are highly inconvenient. i would not recommend this phone to anyone.

this is a really goood beginners phone. very simple and as a addition there is even a fm radio!if you do get this phone keep in mind that it is hard to add minutes not as easy as other prepaid phone companys but it is worth it in the end.

Great deal for a basic home phone. This mobile sits in our kitchen replacing our landline, and does nothing but take voicemails and be ready for an emergency call. Good call quality, but more importantly for this use, just dead simple phone.

I bought this phone to replace an older model Nokia phone. I need a cell phone for incoming and outgoing calls. Although I do not text or surf the net with my phone, this model has those capabilities. It is compact, so it fits in small places. It fits many needs for a small amount of money.

This phone is amazing i rate it five stars. I am happy with it, and it's got amazing quality for sound. The camera's quality is impressive as well. This was definitely worth the wait, which was driving me mad but heck it's awesome!

This is my prepaid phone and I use it for mostly  for emergencies.  The positive thing, is that this phone is cheap and reliable, but in all honesty I am not wild about this phone.  For starters, it's hard to navigate.  The user interface is horrible. I have to jump through a couple of screens to get to my contact list and my messages.  In addition, the battery life isn't all that great.  I find it amazing that I use many of my portable electronics much more often, yet they stay charged longer.

Great phone at a great price.  Definitely not high tech, but does what it needs to do. Only issue is that it turns off easily when in pocket or purse.

This is a nice simple to use phone if your not interested in a lot of fancy features like an iphone or somthing similar. its especially nice if you do alot of texting with its flip out full keyboard and thats exactly why i choose this. The price is affordable too for what you get. My one little complaint would be it does not come with a mobile charger for your car. Not a big deal as these can be purchased for about ten bucks but one included would have been nice. overall a good phone.

This is a great easy to use simple phone that I purchased to replace an old phone. It may not be the best quality phone out there but is good enough for the few phone plans out there that still don't have data.

From the day I got this phone it has been having glitches. When I am in the messaging area it will go to a black screen and not let me do anything in that area for five minutes or more. Sometimes it will even turn itself off when that happens. The I have to turn it back on. We called the number and they said there was no new phones. I would eather get a refurbished or a used phone. They had no new phones because they were too "new". Thats a lie because I have seen this phone in store for a long time. Now even when I have singal it wont let me talk. I will move around and it still says I have signal I still cant text or call people. This phone maker dosnt know their own phone, and the phone would be better used as a weight lift.Update: July 5, 2013:So I thought maybe just maybe the phone would get better. No it got worst. At this point I can not go a day without it turning itself off, going to the black screen, going to an emergency mode where I can not access messaging, and not telling me who called. Now it would be better if only one of these happened. No all of them happen with the exception of the calling one everyday. Yestarday alone it turned itself off four times, went to black screen four, and did the emergency thing too many too count. I have now noticed though that half the time it goes to the black screen it goes to the emergency mode. Now even with all these issues it barely works for what I wa.Ted a phone for. Texting. Half the time I press buttons and they do not register. With the space button I ha e to press it about on average four times to get a single space. It also does not keep up well if you text at a steady pace whip ch I do. It gets to the point where if I am not looking I am sentences ahead and by the time it catches up half the letters are gone and jumbled up and I have to redoubt it all. I wish I could get a new phone but unfortunately I can not so this will ha e to do unroll then. After that though it will be going into a paper weight.

I had a flip phone for 5 years on Verizon. Wanted to pay less per month and get a better phone without spending a lot. Wanted the Nokia X2 but the salesperson talked me into the new Sparq.The call clarity is great. People on the other end though say that when I am not talking it sounds like I have hung up, there is complete silence.  From my end though there is no distortion, no humming or buzzing, it's very clear.  I have had only 1 dropped call in a week and that was in the basement.The front keypad is horrible.  The buttons are spongy rubber and you have to press down with your nail right in the middle of the button, thankfully though most of my calls are to my contacts.The phone is small and slippery, I have almost dropped it or dropped it on my lap numerous times.  The back of the phone is smooth plastic.The music sounds great from the phones speaker, much better than my girlfriends LG touchscreen. The music menus though are cumbersome and difficult to use.  There are fewer options than both our last LG's for sorting and listening to music.The camera takes poor quality pictures that blur easily and is useless in low lighting.The menu's are not intuitive or easy to use.  It's hard to find menu options you are looking for.There is no volume button anywhere to be found, you have to go into the "profiles" section to set your ringer volumes and then switch between these "profiles."  You cannot manually turn the ringer up or down otherwise.Internet is about worthless.  Trying to look up anything takes FOREVER, I mean slower than dial-up, don't know what dial-up is, ask your folks.  Every page is a "loader."  I even got a "memory full" error message when trying to load a google page.  I was able to find a business phone number on google but it took about 5 minutes, calling information would have been easier and worth the $2. If you are going to use this phone for web, even once a month get a different phone.  I do check email often on it though, it's easy to read emails, difficult to respond, delete, or sort.Texting is okay if you turn off the smart text. That's when it autofills in a word it thinks you are trying to type. It's awful and accidentally fills in words you didn't choose.  My girlfriend has this feature on her LG touchscreen and it works well. The slider is okay but feels cheap and flimsy. I have small hands and small fingers for a 6' tall guy and it's still harder to txt on the slider than my old flip phone.  I thought I'd love the qwerty keyboard, I don't. The function button that you have to use all the time is hard to hit, and doesn't always respond. The keys almost need to be pounded and not touched to work right.Battery life seems good, got about 100 texts, hours of talking, even some frustrating web usage and the battery needs only to be charged every other day.  I did turn down the brightness on the screen, all the way up it's like a lighthouse beacon at night.  I also changed the duration that the screen stays lit after you stop hitting keys. It's preset for 30 sec and I think I changed it to 10sec. That saves a lot of battery life when your phone is just sitting.Ringtones were surprisingly easy to change. My LG, still haven't figured out how to do it without paying verizon. This phone, I just loaded my music, went to profiles and selected a song from my library. You can do the same with each contact, they can all have different ring tones.There is definately a learning curve for this phone. My LG flip phone and my girlfriends LG touchscreen are both intuitive and easy to operate.  Finding and changing settings on both our LGs was a snap and its fast and easy to navigate the menus. This phone is anything but easy. I will be returning this phone and trying the Nokia x2 or the Lg Optimus.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone who plans to text a lot or use the web. It's a basic generic phone with extremely basic features.UPDATE: I decided to keep this phone as T-mobile was no longer carrying the phone I had wanted.  The phone speaker stopped working about 2 weeks after I bought it and had to be swapped out.  T-mobile rep at the store said they usual make you mail them in and you are without a phone for weeks, but since it had only been 2 weeks she swapped it in the store for me.  Bonus points for customer service!UPDATE: Had this phone for about 7 months now and the speaker no longer turns off when I insert headphones.  this makes it almost useless as an MP3 player.  If I hook it up to my home stereo the music continues to blare from the phones speaker and kill the battery, if I plug it into my car aux jack, same thing, very annoying.

Thank You this phone was for my Husband. He doesn't like all that Fancy phone stuff yet this makes him look like a &#34;tech y!&#34;My husband had it for about 2 weeks now.Good quality. Clear pictures and sound.

I got it as a back up phone and it works well as a phone,  for web browsing I would have to say one can do much better,but smart phones do not work well as phones.  If one is looking for a phone with text and limited web usage this phone fits the bill. The seller I will most likely do business with again.

When buying a phone that is just for texting and making calls you want to make sure the battery doesn't die in 2-3 hours as in most phones that are just for texting and calling.Overall, good phone.

I don't need a smartphone, but I needed a keyboard for texting. This phone fits the bill, and I was able to keep my t-mobile number with this phone.

The buttons started to wear the day after I began to use the phone. It freezes sometimes and is slow to start programs. I will be returning this if I can.

the only thing I have to say is DON'T BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK!!!when i first got it I was very disappointed by the all plastic and the cheap look.  the only good thing about this phone is how hard it is to break it.

It's your basic phone with an added keyboard, but I really like it, and it suits my needs perfectly, Good buy!

What I hate of this phone is it uses all it's energy up, (it has to do with a providers signal strength) it heats up so that it burnt out the sim card and no longer worked, that's caused as it tries to connect constantly. T-Mobiles phone (Samsung T-369) is now no longer available,it did not function as the Sparq Phone did under the same signal situation so think about this when your deciding to get a T- Mobile.

Let's start by saying that I don't have a data plan and so I don't know anything about how this phone fares online.  However, I will say that for use for texting and as a phone, it works.  I have had it for a week and it has been a huge improvement over my  old flip phone.  It no longer takes fifteen minutes to send a sentence long text.  Also, for the $25 price, I can't say I have any complaints.  I'm not sure I understand what the person is talking about when they said in their review that this phone is slippery.  I haven't had any problems in that regard.  Maybe I will understand with time, and if so, I will come back and say more.  But for now  I am really happy with this purchase.

For your basic phone, it works pretty good.

it seems that the warranty for this phone expired a week ago. now its too late to get a replacement. the phone quit receiving phone calls this weekend, i guess im happy it still can check voice mails....

From day one this phone dropped way too many calls. Took it to T-Mobile and had them check it out for us but we determined it was issues with this phone. Returned it for full refund, don't buy this phone even if it is very cheap price!

I had to return phone.  This phone wouldn't text, even after repeated trips to the phone store.  Determined the fault was the phone not the service.

i hate it it locked me out it says i need to enter a PUK and then enter a new pin into it . im pissed off

This phone is EXTREMLY useless.  It crams stuff that smart phones can do but this phone fails to keep that. The only good thing is the QWERTY keyboard but wwith that said, the text font is strange sometimes hard to reed.OVERALL 1 star DON"T BUY THIS PHONE!!!

I got this about six months ago to replace an LG dlite phone that I lost (best phone I ever had).  I use about 300 minutes a year--yes--a YEAR.  My standby time on this phone from a full, fresh charge is about three/four days with NO use. It's cheaply made. The charger cord is so flimsy, I only charge it when I'm nearby in case the thing shorts out and causes a fire.  Needless to say, I'm shopping for another phone.  I bought this one because it was inexpensive, and I needed a replacement for the lost phone immediately because I was going to be on the road. While I do get a signal in most situations, the call quality (in and out) is mediocre and the speaker phone is worse.There is inexpensive, and then there is cheap.  This is a grade below cheap.  I think I would have found better quality phone in the toy department at K-Mart.

I was looking for a replacement phone for my Nokia for my Tmobile prepaid, since a decent Nokia phone that isnt a droid is difficult to find at Tmobile these days I chose the sparq by Alcatel. the phone is pretty close to my Nokia as far as accessories and ease of use. My only complaint is that when I end a phone call and press the end button for more than a second, the phone will power of. I have to adjust for that and give the button a quick push, and not hold it too long. Otherwise, the phone is simple to use, easy to follow instructions and does what it should. Its nothing fancy, but all I want to do is make a phone call or send a text and thats what I can do. I would reccomend this phone to anyone who wants a decent phone with out all the hassle of apps and secret key stroke tracking that Droid phones are known for.

I don't have any complaints about the call clarity or functionality.  Most of my complaints are actually the way it is programmed.  In order of how often it drives me crazy:* Call me old fashioned, but I like to capitalize things that should be capitalized while texting.  This phone makes that an arduous task.  There isn't a "shift" key, but a key that changes between three modes, ABC, Abc and abc.  So if you want to use "I" in a sentence, you have to change mode to all caps and then back out.  The same thing goes for the first letter in someone's name.  And if you use a punctuation, it automatically goes back to abc mode on you.* If you get a text, it pops up with that notification.  But if you click on that notification, it clears it . . . and goes to your regular screen.  You want to see the text, you have to go over and click on texts, go down to the first one, open that up, etc, just like normal.*Also, if you are looking at the text and put it in your pocket, it will NEVER lock itself.  It locks automatically from the main screen, but if you have something open, all bets are off.  And if you put it in your pocket, it will most likely call the person who texted you.  This has happened more than once.*I like to have specific ringtones and pictures for the people who call me the most.  I bought a microSD card and loaded it up.  But if you remember something you want to add later and take the card out to add it, the phone erases everything you just set up.  So if you set up the ringtone and picture for six friends but want to add a seventh, you have to reassign the first six all over again when you pop out the card.*Speaking of which, when I assigned people in the first place, it took me days to figure out why one person wouldn't work right.  It turns out that if the name is longer than will fit on the small screen, it can't figure out who you are talking about.  Once I made a short nickname, it had no problem.*And finally, when I assigned my speed dial numbers (which took some hunting online for instructions), it assigned that key to a person, not the specific number I picked.  I wanted to call my mom's home line when I pressed the 2 button, but it calls the first number in her contact list . . .the cell phone.  The only way around that is to make a separate fake contact with only the home line listed.I'm a very low-maintenance person on my phone.  In fact, when I first got this phone I was thrilled because it was my first keyboard phone.  But at this point, it is driving me crazy.  I'm sticking with it because I am too cheap and lazy to switch phones again, but I'll probably cave at some point.  I think the reason it drives me crazy is because these all seem like such simple to fix, stupid problems.

From the outside, this phone doesn't look that bad. But, every time my I makes a phone call, it always lost signal in the middle of conversation. This drives me insane!!! Do no buy this phone. It's a waste of your money.

you won't be surfing the web with it but it takes calls and is easy to text on, decent battery life

I replaced a 10-year old Nokia with this phone on T-mobile's network in Austin, TX. This phone had terrible reception. Anytime I was inside, it dropped calls and went down to one bar. It did not matter where I was in Austin. I ended up taking it back. My 10-year old Nokia never had reception problems so I know it was not the network.

I don't call much, so a cheap pay-as-you-go phone is all I need. This is cheap -- about the cheapest out there it seems. The interface isn't the smoothest or fastest, and I liked my last cheap phone better. But it does the job.

This phone is very basic.  However, that being said, it is easy and intuitive to use, and is good for calls as well as texting.  The phone sound quality is very good.  The ring and text tone could be a little louder, but overall I have been very pleased with this phone.  I had an older Blackberry 8100, but this one is much, much better.

This phone fits my needs perfectly....needed an economical t-mobile replacement device to wait out the end of my contract. T-mobile stores were "not allowed" to sell it to a current contract member (one of the reasons I'm waiting out my contract end) and all of my area retailers were out of stock. Just wanted a good texting phone and this is it. Just transferred my SIM card after charging it and I was in business. Couldn't have been simpler. Could have saved myself some time and frustration if I'd come to Amazon first....lesson learned.

I mean come on guys $30 bucks is an okay deal to text and talk but I do agree that the internet not so good. I bought two Sparq phones for my mom and dad and they love the extra space between the keys for texting. My mom loves that its very light weight; they don't like the new smartphones that are out because its too complicated for them. So this was a great buy and I got them some nice covers to go with their new phones. Thanks Amazon!

This is a horrible little phone. Absolutely horrible. I downgraded from an Android phone because it was too expensive, and got this phone as a replacement. Horrible little phone. It is tiny - the screen is barely big enough to see. The buttons are spongey and horrible and hard to use, the graphics are horrible. If you open the keyboard at times, it completely shuts down your phone. The texts do not come in order, instead are all mixed and jumbled up. The camera is barely better than the human memory of a 200 year old man with Alzheimers .... I am truly disappointed in this phone, and T-Mobile.

This is a good cheap cell phone, that can actually be used as a phone. The only downside is that it really likes to slide out of pockets.

this is a great phone tmobile did a great job with this phone great starter phone for teens thank you

This phone is a piece of junk. It is difficult to text with. The settings are poor. The phone in general is cheap crap. There are better phones than this out and even cost less. Dont waste your money. I wouldnt even have one if someone gave it to me.

In short- I would recomend this phone, and given the chance, would buy it again.In Detail:I purchased this phone, because I wanted to "downgrade" from a smartphone... I just got sick of all the problems with my old smartphone and didn't want to spend the money on a new one, when I never even use the features... Anyway- I purchased this phone, all I use my phone for is talking, texting and music and all three work great- no complaints there.  The battery life is wonderful, I can go a whole weekend (or more) without charging it. The sound clarity is great.  The speakers are actually really good, I was surprised by that (I usually only use headphones).  I have had it for a couple of weeks now, I am still getting used to the keyboard- not sure if that is user error or it's just a little harder/smaller then my last one.  But I would say the overall preformance makes the phone a fantastic buy.  I would definatly make this purchase again.The only downside to this phone is that sometimes, it is a little slow to scroll down, so you push the button to many times and then pass what you were trying to get to.  It's not horible or anything, it's tolerable, just a little irritating sometimes if you are in a hurry.  All in all- this phone is a great buy- it's "flaws" are very few, but to be expected with the price point of the phone.

I'm not a technophone person. I have a T-Mobile pay as you go plan. Had my previous flip phone for around seven years. I wanted to get a phone with a keyboard, either physical or electronic, so texting would be easier.With a pay as you go plan, you're not going to hang out on the WWW or do a lot of heavy calling/texting. So I need a basic phone with keyboard - inexpensive is a plus.Well, this Sparq phone satisfies my needs very well. I like the fact you can enter text messages in either horizontal (landscape) with the slider out, or verticle (portrait) with the slider in, and flip between while composing the same message... that's pretty cool.Another big plus is the ability to program commands to six keys on the front - the four navigation key positions and the two softkeys. I agree with others who've complained about the menu system, and lack thereof. It is cumbersome, but this programmability can ease some of that pain. I can get to the main menu, camera, messages, contacts, profiles (these are phone command setups, i.e., mute the phone) and settings with one button push. These are the menu's I use most often.OR... you can have a Widget bar that is also a quick way to get to certain points in the menu system. 5 keys, only three programmable tho.The keys are small as this is a small phone. They are no better or worse than any other small phone I've held. Key presses are distinct and feel positive when pressed.All in all, a very good phone for this price point. Highly recommend for basic phone needs.

The phone came in the time frame given and was in great condition and works great. Serves the purpose I need it to for my 13 year old son!!!

This is a great phone for kids to use - she's not 'embarrassed' to use it, yet it's also a great backup phone for when I want to take away my older daughter's access to the internet, but I want to be in touch - she gets this phone

Okay, so I knew that this phone wasn't going to be great, I wasn't interested in anything besides a functioning phone.  THIS PIECE OF CRAP is so bad, doesn't save my contacts, doesn't even have the option to change the phone volume.  I guess you get what you pay for but why would they even make a phone so laughably bad anyway!!!?

If you are too cheap to buy a smart phone, then this one is for you.It performs very well and has a great battery life.

The quality of phone calls is really good and the camera isn't bad either. My only complaint is how big and bulky it feels.

I had the SPARQ I for years and it worked fine.  It is the SPARQ II that is a faulty piece of hardware and/or software.  This problem occurs while you are texting mostly and at any time of day.  It doesn't make any difference where you buy it, you are going to have this problem.  A class action suit is what is needed but who has the time to get one of those together, the lawyers will take 80% of the pot anyway.Don't buy this SPARQ II........................SPARQ I is ok!!!

I need to upgrade my cellphone ASAP.I needed to find a T-Mobile prepaid phone and this one workes for me.

great phone ! got 2 for the kids,, talk text.,would give it a 5 but the memory is sml ,

this product was cheap enough for what my wife needed, only wish it wouldaccept pictures, using Tmobile,  she likes texting from it

The phone was okay.  It worked well with the first charge.  But the charger part of the phone gave way soon after.

well i needed a cheap phone until i get my iphone fixed, and this little device was cool.  It cost me $40 w/shipping and no contract, plus has a slide out full qwerty key board.  Battery life is as good as those old cell phones from the late 90s early-mid 2000s.  camera is nearly worthless.  menu for adjusthing the ringer to vibrate is a little weird.  there is no silent/ring/vibrate choice, what you have to do to change that is go to the Profiles in the springboard, and then select General/meeting/outdoor/indoor/silence/flight-mode.  Meeting=vibrate, silent is obvious as is flightmode, and the rest all ring.

i got this phone practically for free using amazon points.the web is terrible, if  u r looking for basic texting phone.. buttons are utra tiny, so good for tiny fingersor press with your fingernails...camera and video resolution are pretty good,i bought this phone as an extra for emergency....since web is terrible, the 50.00 month plan is a waste.if you do not get 50.00 month plan, when you dial in from a landline to listen to minutes,it STILL comes off your minutes.The day plans,if someone calls you, even if you do not pick up, it triggers voicemail, so you get chargedfor the day.Register your phone on do not call. gov to avoid spam which you would get charged for.I went with 1000 minutes for 100.00 at 10 cents a minute, i was told if i add 10.00 at the end of the year,unused minutes roll over to the next year.i found out afterwards there are other companies that charge 40.00 a month for everything, so i would research that before trying tmobile. i think that camera, video, and radio do not need service for the features to work.

This phone has only one redeemable character in that it is cheap. However cheap is what you get. The keyboard buttons need to be pressed twice many times. What phone in this day in age does not even have a speaker hands free option or a mute button. This phone does not. The hands free option is only available through blue tooth but I am not an earpiece person.  The earpiece volume is fine but no way to set the volume for outgoing speech and everyone tells me they have trouble hearing me even when speaking loudly. I have had this phone for 3 days and will be looking for a new phone next week.

Had everything I need for a cellphone. A little confusing trying to find everything like adjusting the sound, ringtone, and list of missed phone calls but found them anyway. A must buy for anyone just buying a cellphone with the basic accessories

This phone seemed the best for its price range. It might be, had it powered on. I bought from another supplier and returned for credit the next day. I have an old SGH-T329, cost twenty bucks and is built like a Mac truck compared to this phone and it still works fine. I think I'll keep it and stay away from all the cheap, squeaky, clicky keys and save a few bucks. An upgrade might be a downgrade. I gave it 1 star because it arrived in one piece.

I guess you get you pay for. The sound quality on this phone is very poor. I have a hard time hearing anyone clearly even with the volume turned all the way up. The battery power doesn't last very long and it drops calls very easily.

I ordered 2 of these phones for my younger children.  They serve their purpose.  Just needed a phone they could call and text with.

Very difficult to use.  Not user friendly.  Not worth the price.  I thought that it might be useful since I don't often use the phone often but it is complicated and not well laid out.  I would not recommend this product.

PROS: VERY good battery life, and a radio built into the phone.CONS: Keyboard setup is WHACK, Time is messed up. I dropped it 2 feet, shattered the screen.. can only read top portion of texts. Horrible reception, HORRIBLE CAMERA, Could only save about 10 minutes of video, if that. It just all over sucks and I really regret getting it. DO.NOT.GET.THIS.PHONE.

I have had it for a month or so and it is great.  It is super easy to use, slide keyboard, has am/fm radio to listen to if you have headphones, bluetooth(you'll have to buy extra), interent, good camera and phone. Nothing to complain about.You are able to easily download pictures and music from your itunes or music folder onto your phone easily and listen to the songs easily or set them as your ring tone.  You need to get a memory card for this-not included-to save these features.Also in order to download songs and pics onto your phone you need the universal t mobile usb cable which does not come with the phone.  You can get it by going to their tmobile website and looking under accessories and getting it.  It is the only way you can download these things to your phone.  But it is great I can even do it and I do not know a thing about downloading stuff to a phone. And this usb cable you can use with any t mobile phone if you wanna upgrade in the future.But for 40 bucks its fantastic and certainly the best phone I have ever had.  I can't imagine wanting another phone I am very happy with this.

This phone is priced cheap for a reason.  It is nice if you compare it to what i was using 10 years ago...It is very light weight and made of all plastic from what i can tell.  The keyboard is spaced awkwardly so it will take some getting used to.  It is a very basic phone and some of the menu options are not organized well.  I am happy with it though as it is just serving the function of a back up while my HTC gets fixed.Update: be careful with the buttons I had my niece(2yrs old) play with it and her nails almost ripped the button covering.  The radio is a nice substitute for pandora but only works when a headset is plugged in.  It has a lot of features comparable to a smart phone but just not as advanced.  It has an alarm feature and a calendar feature.  I use my gummy headphones with it which works for the radio and calls.  The radio will get interupted if you get a call and it is easy to switch.  If you use headphones like me instead of the headset it will default your voice input to the same as if it was a regular call but you can hear them through your headphones which I kind of like.  Works well for texting with the slide out keyboard.  I hardly use the front buttons.

T-mobile don't seem to have much choice for their prepay phone selection - and this was a distress purchase (forced on me when my Nokia stopped getting signal anywhere...). Probably I should have gone for the 20bucks plain-Jane Nokia, but the slider keypad was worth the upgrade cost to what is still a very low cost phone off-contract.Menu system is different - but not too different - for most technical folks to sort out. I did refer to the manual to find out (a) how to open the back and (b) where to change the dial tone (via Profiles).Good points:- inexpensive but lots of functions including keypadBad points:- very average specs (VGA camera, no WiFi etc)Other points:- not a smartphone - don't expect to be doing much web browsing with itSummary: well the fact that I couldn't think of more than 1 good bad and other points above probably says it all!

I used to go for daily walks with both a cell phone and my iPod, but after equipping this phone with an 8GB micro card (cost me about $4 online) I now have fifteen hours of music to keep me company. The volume and selection keys are a bit small but thast's a minor quibble.The package did not come with a USB/charging cable (it comes with a wall-plug charger) but those are availble online for about $3. They really should have included it.I use a T-Mobile prepaid plan so the web option is unavailable but aside from that this little phone does everything I need and, as I got it on sale for $20, it was a bargain to boot.

This phone broke after 10 weeks.  The thing just couldn't take the continual usage required of an item like this.

When you're shopping from right side of the page (price), it is nice to find the features you NEED on a low-end price model!  Naturally, this does not compare to my touch screen LG, but it does everything I need it to do... It's too slow (my opinion) for e-mail or games but great for phone calls, text, and snapping a pic to send.  The key functions on the front are a little tricky to figure out (spoken by one of those &#34;read directions when all else fails&#34; types.  Once you are used to it, this one does the job quite satisfactorily!

This phone is what i would describe as okay. The call clarity is very clear, but i have a lot of things i would fix on it.First of all the camera sucks. i didn't really expect that good of a camera, but there is better. it is also really hard to text with, because the keys are so small. it hurts your thumbs and i personally always end up pushing the wrong key and it gets annoying. Another thing is that the only things you can listen too is the radio and the ringtones, and you can only listen to the radio if you have earbuds. This also makes the battery run out really fast.This phone looks cheap. and in my opinion. It's not worth the money. i kind of regret getting this phone because after i got it i found a bunch of other phones that were a whole lot nicer and a better price. i would get this phone of you're only planning on having it for a couple months, but really it's not very nice the the options on it are very limited. i am trying to get a new phone as soon as possible myself, i want to make the tmobile sparq's and my time together as short as i can.

An ideal buy for those not interested in a truckload of extra functions, but rather prefer to focus on the 3 primary necessities: calls, texts and internet access. Definitely recommend this particular seller. The phone came in the exact same condition as it was originally manufactured and packaged in. The best part was that, due to being an Amazon Student member (one-time only offer which entitles you to a 50% discount on the Amazon Prime membership - $39 for the year of free 2-day shipping instead of $78-9 default), I paid no sales tax OR S&H; (shipping and handling) fees. Could have gotten it from Wal-Mart a few miles down the road but why spend money on gasoline to pick it up (whether I bought it online and had it shipped to the store or not), pay sales tax if I bought it from the store's inventory AND/OR pay S&H; if I sent it to my home address - especially when I don't have immediate need for it? Waiting a couple of days was more than acceptable for the overall price discount.The phone is well designed for compact portability. In regards to its general specs: The phone keypad is spongy and durable, but small and tight-knit(typos will not be few and far between, regrettably for those with grown-up fingers); the speaker is fairly clear; the digital camera is well made but not professional level in definition; and the text message keypad - while having fairly small buttons - makes up for its lack in physical size with sufficient spacing between each key to avoid repeat typos due to an overcrowded/cluttered console. Odd how the two keypads simulate and oppose each other in design. Another point of note is that the menu items are pretty much individually ordered in a standard grid formation. Size-wise, anyone familiar with the Nokia 1661 (pre-paid colors were gray with red lining along the seams), which I am actually replacing with this one, would recognize this model as the technical big brother of sorts - in physical build, with added flexibility and size. An upside to the scale of it is the ease that one can manipulate its sliding mechanism one-handed - "easy open, easy close" with just your thumb doing the work. Protective skins for this model (frequently referred to by its battery brand name, Alcatel) can be found in abundance on Amazon, eBay and Google Shopping (for general listings of availability). More often than not, the S&H; will cost you more than the skin(s) itself/themselves.These points are worth considering, ESPECIALLY when compared to the level of personal need for the merchandise in question. This was just a replacement/DIY (do-it-yourself) upgrade of sorts. Just a specialized messaging type, slide design model cell phone to make texting more time and energy efficient in the long run. (Note: If anyone didn't realize yet, should you be on a standard 2-year agreement, you can buy a prepaid cell phone model to use with your phone plan sim card WITHOUT needing to re-negotiate your payment plan or phone contract with the service provider. Just switch the sim card out of 1 phone and put it in another while keeping the original as back-up. This extra advice is particularly for those who are still unfamiliar with technology's standard tips and tricks.)

It's not a great phone, but way cheaper from Amazon than from T-Mobile.  Plus, with Prime shipping, you get it way faster than T-Mobile.  It was ok for an emergency back up phone, but you get what you pay for, and you aren't paying for much.

This phone was exactly what I needed and I was able to just swap the sim card from my previous phone. I have had no problems with either phone or service. Nice camera, too.

I have this phone for myself.&#8226; It has a nice keyboard for texting.&#8226; The FM radio is good except you have to have your headsets to hear it. It doesn't play it on speaker.&#8226; It is not heavy and fits in your pockets.* If you are looking for a NICE and COMPACT cell phone, you should get this phone.ALCATEL T MOBILE SQUARQ PRE PAID PHONE.***********************************************************!

I just needed a simple phone for texting and talking. For the money, the Sparq is great.  It has better coverage than my oldSamsung and has long battery life.......I reccomend it highly.

I am editing my review after trashing this little phone in my first review...-Requires the purchase of a micro USB cable and a micro SD Memory card to sync music with Windows Media player.  Requires a plug in for Alcatel OT-606 Smartphone from Microsoft Windows 7 Compatibility.  But after you download the little plug in you can sync music to this little phone.  With a little bit of techno saavy you can figure it out.  It took me days to figure it.  Had I enlisted a kid it would have been solved much sooner. As soon as I realized this phone was compatible I was in business.Connect your USB cord, sync by choosing mass usb, sync with windows media player.  Then look in your media file on the phone for your music after you scan the card for music.  I was really frustrated with this phone for days, but as soon as I figured this out I bought a second one for my husband.This phone is a great texter. The hands free/head phones are not really loud, but I feel a whole lot better about the phone now that I can have music on it.  Would I buy it again, yes...  I did.Good luck.  And don't give up.

Phone will not turn on and had the wrong cord for the phone.

I bought this phone after using another phone and blaming T-Mobil for bad reception on its pay as you go plan.  I live in Chinle, AZ which is very remote.  On my old phone I would only get 1 bar, sometimes 0.  With this phone I get 4-5 bars and great reception and clarity.  Love the phone--money well spent. The old phone was a Blu cellphone-cute but worthless in fringe areas.

I'm not a smartphone person. Been there and done that a few times. They're more than I need and want, so back to the basics for me. I've only had this phone for about a month, but so far I am pleased with its capabilities. Calls are clear, checking Facebook/emails is fine using the Opera Mini browser that's pre-installed, and texting is easy for me (I have skinny fingers, but I can see how a person with thicker fingers might have some difficulty with the small keyboard). For a basic phone, it does its job well and fulfills my needs. However, if you're a smartphone user and prefer that kind of technology, then this phone will be a significant downgrade for you.What I would like for this phone to have is a time display on the screen after the screen times out; however, the screen goes completely dark when it times out, so you have to push a button and totally illuminate the screen to check the time (I know...get a watch, right?). I can forgive this shortcoming, though, since the phone is so affordable. If it breaks, I'll probably buy another one. It's so cheap...why not? Heck, I may even go ahead and buy another one in case something happens. It's smaller than some other slide-out QWERTY phones (like the Samsung Gravity), and I prefer small phones over large phones any day. So far, I've had a good experience with this phone--no technical issues as of yet.Edit: Well, today is July 18th, 2013, and I had to replace the phone yesterday because it just stopped texting and making calls altogether. I'm not sure what went wrong with it. I could still access the internet, but texting and calling became impossible. I tried everything I knew to do (restart, remove battery, remove sim card, etc.), but to no avail. It was a good phone up until that point. I've changed my rating from four stars to three due to this. Oh, well. I never did buy another Sparq, so when I set out yesterday to buy a new phone, I came home with the T-Mobile Aspect (also known as the ZTE Wombat). Another phone; perhaps another review in the near future. :)

We got this phone for my 10year old step-son just as a new phone cuz his was pretty beat up.  It works fine for a 'whatever' phone but there is no external volume control for him to easily turn it down when he goes to school.  He had to switch back to his other phone.

Just needed a simple cellphone with stable bluetooth 2.1 EDR connectivity (to connect to a Panason BT cordless base) and a microUSB connector for charging needs.Phone delivers on all counts and a charge remains good for 12 - 18 days of standby. This is used to maintain a phone line & number which does not get much use with a T-Mobile prepaid plan/SIM.

There are no external buttons to control the sound / ringtone volume. Impossible to hear a person speak unless the speaker phone is on.

I read the reviews and decided to order it.  It was easy to use from the very beginning. I did not have a problem in setting it up or texting. The keyboard is a bit small but easy to use. I am glad I got this product . For a prepaid phone it is awesome.

There are three features I consider absolutely important when buying a phone: The battery life, a strong vibrate & a good, easy keyboard since I text a lot.This phone's battery life is amazing. I love how I can go three, four days without charging it :) The keyboard? It's... slightly annoying. I've had this phone for about a month and a half now and I've realized that I've gotten used to the qwerty keyboard; I haven't had as many problems typing out words without messing up lately. The front keyboard is the one I really can't stand. The keys are really soft and I have to dig my nail in it which is really annoying.Also, I don't know if it's just me, but when I'm texting and I press the button that shows you more characters, sometimes I accidentally push the 'back' button which is right next to it. And this phone doesn't save texts automatically so I'd have to start all over.Now, the volume. It's really irritating that this phone doesn't have a simple volume control button on the side. I mean, that's a basic feature for every phone. Even my old green-screen Nokia bar phone had one. I've been all through this phone but I can't seem to find a way to increase the volume so I just gave up. If I'm in a loud place, I can't hear this phone unless it's on vibrate.Vibrate, by the way, is really strong; I want a good vibrate because with previous phones, it'll be in my pocket and I won't even feel it or it'll be on a table and I won't hear it if I'm in a loud area. So the fact that the vibrate is so strong that it actually startles me is a plus.As for call quality, it's pretty decent. I'm pretty satisfied with T-Mobile's service. I don't think I've experienced any dropped calls except for that time I was out in the middle of nowhere in the country, but that's expected. I can hear people crystal clear, and they can hear me just the same.Oh and the camera sucks. I had the Samsung Galaxy from AT&T; but I canceled it because the bill was ridiculous but that was one good camera. And this one? Poor quality and blurs easily. I'm not just saying this because I got used to the Galaxy's cam, even my other non-amazing camera phones had better quality than this. So I don't even bother with this phone's camera.All in all, the battery life and call quality is good, the keyboard is okay, the camera sucks, and navigating my way around this phone sucks. I'm surprised I managed to easily add a ringtone from my computer.The battery life and call quality are the only things keeping me from chucking this phone across the room and buying a new one.

I have no use for a smart phone, but find texting very convenient, and the way people are communicating.  This phone is really easy for that.  The call quality is clear, and the display is large enough for me to read without glasses.  The camera is only OK, and pictures can be downloaded to a computer.  Ringtones are great too.  I am very happy with this phone.

lasted only 90 days.  Just shut off and wont come back on.  screen lights up but it does not start.

I previously had a smartphone ( The G2 by HTC) and it broke on me after about 15 months. I had to get a new cell phone and I had to do it fast. I didn't want to spend hundreds of dollars on a new smart phone, since I was under a two year contract at the time. So I make the choice to get a budget friendly cell phone that would allow me to text and talk. Fast forward 14 months later and I am still using this as my everyday cell phone. It is easy to use for texting and the calls have been clear for me, since I first made the purchase last year.  Now, the slide out keyboard is too small for me to use properly and you can forget about using this for the internet, or anything related to data. I rated it 4 stars because it hasn't let me down during the past 14 months and will not die. I have dropped this phone, it has no case, about 5 times and it still keeps on ticking. I can't give it 5 stars because of the tiny keyboard and useless internet features. All in all, for 35 bucks, this phone has more than done the job for me. I think if you are looking for a cost friendly cell phone, thats primary use is for texting/talking, then by all means purchase this cell phone.

It was sold as new, but it was definitely not new with black permanent marker used on scuffs, plus it shuts off randomly and doesn't store texts!

I like it. It's nice and much cheaper than T-mobile store price. The battery is lasting longer than my previous one. It's not very fancy. For people don't use cell phone much, it's a wise choice.

got this phone for my son who is 8, he loves the phone, does all he needs it to do...

My son has been using this for some time and so fare this is working OK,And get a call to him or leave him a message.

I decided to &#34;downgrade&#34; to a dumb phone and decided to go with the Sparq. The phone itself works fine. The only complaints I have is the buttons on both of the keypads are really small. I have a difficult time texting.The software is a mixed bag. For example, to put the phone on silent I tried pressing down on the cross pad, which does nothing. To silence the phone you have to go through the settings menu, then profiles, then select the silent profile. The music player interface is terrible. Also, the sound quality from the headphones that come with the phone is poor.The plus to the software is that Alcatel created a nice Windows application for interacting with the phone that can be downloaded from their site. I was able to get all of my contacts loaded from my Google account that way.Overall - good phone. Software could use some improvement.

My son lost his phone with 1 year still left on the contract.  He was required to buy the replacement with his allowance, so cheap was essential!  The phone is very basic, but it gets the job done.  My son finds it easy to text with.  His only complaint is that he can not create a contact from a number that has called or texted him, like he could with his old phone.  All info must be entered in manually.  Shouldn't have lost that old phone then I guess!  Had zero trouble getting this set up with our tmobile plan.  Called them, gave the SIM number, phone ready to go.  Easy.

Very disappointed in this phone.  Wanted something unlocked for overseas sim cards.  Lots of nice capabilities on this one with ONE BIG EXCEPTION.  Although you can see the files on the phone and SD card when you plug it into a USB connected to your computer (allowing you to copy pictures, music, etc.) there is NO WAY to see/edit you phone's contacts or calendar.  Putting everything in by means of the phone's tiny keyboard is a PAIN to say the least.  The last thing I need is another list of contact and dates that I have to update manually.No device that can't talk to other devices is just not needed today.

I chose four stars because the phone does not have an easy way to adjust the volume on the phone .

terrible phone, but not as bad as the customer service from tmobile.  The phone quit working after 6 months, so I go to a store.  They can't replace it, must call customer service.  Call customer service, they tell me to go back to stores they can look at it, it doesn't matter that I already did.  Back t store, he puts it on the account that phone is bad.  Back to customer service, ok mail phone to us.  Costs $10 They tell me to keep sim card I do.  3 weeks later I get a refurbished phone with no battery or back.  So I call them up and they say they aren't responsible for my phone, and I need to go buy another one.  Yes I will, but it won't be tmobile.  I had been with them for 10 years with many different phones and plans, never again and I advise any one not to use tmobile.  Once they have your money, forget it.

The phone is insanely slow (takes forever to catch up when you type), and sometimes jumbles words and letters in texts. Even on silent mode, the phone loudly beeps every couple minutes when the phone has low battery. The memory capacity is garbage (can only hold a couple pictures, and you have to delete all texts every couple days or the memory fills up). When you send texts, it doesn't place them in any specific order of conversation. It goes to a random place above where it should be for some reason. It is difficult to sync contacts to the phone. The phone echoes when you talk on the phone with people. The buttons on the front are hard to press. The phone breaks so easily by simply sliding it open. Overall, terrible phone.

Worked so sloppy, every hour it would freezei had to take out my battery and blow on it for it to work.... please don't buy

I got this phone because it has a keyboard and it was CHEAP. There's really only one reason I don't use it anymore: you get one and only one notification of a message or call. That is, you can't set this thing to give a notification every minute or two after you get a message. It tells you once. If you miss that one notification, and you don't look at your phone, you will not know that you have a message. That may seem a minor thing, but my wife nearly filed a missing persons report about me because I didn't respond to her texts one night. I didn't even know she had been texting me until I got home.Also, the keyboard buttons are TINY. like, really really tiny. I am not a fan.On the upside, it has an FM radio in it, plus a halfway decent mp3 player that you can use if you plug a microSD card into it. So it's not altogether a bad little phone. It just has some basic design flaws that make me not use it anymore.
