
This mobile phone rocks just as i expected it. The seller handled it with maximum prudence, shipped it as fast as i needed it and explained extensively with every detailed information i needed to know about the phone. Its a great device with good battery life, I guess the only affordable Blackberry phone with good quality battery life, and most importantly, the seller had to add free pouches as gift.The Pros:1. High Definition mobile phone2. Good battery life3. 4G LTE Model at the price of that of 3G Model.4. Smooth screen touch and easy to fiddle.The Cons:1. No Front Camera for video calling2. There was no earpiece included (though the phone was used)3. I dont think there's any other thing.But overall, the phone is superb.

Phone was like new. Worked well shipped on time.

I am not a fan but i bought it for a friend and they actually loved it. however, due to some difficulties the phone took some time to be delivered. the company after express their sentiments and offered to compensate if necessary for the delay which was about one month late.I must say that this was the first time this had happen therefore with word from the company i am sure it would be the last. therefore, i would once again recommend the company.great product without fault.

The seller was fast and the product was as described new in box.This phone was ordered for some testing of features to resolve an issue we are having with yahoo and exchange (activesync).The problem we are having is the Blackberry will not setup email accounts as expected. We tested putting in a SIM from T-Mobile and were not able to set up email at all. After spending over 3 hours in the store with T-Mobile their answer was after calling RIM it is a bad phone. We the put in an AT&T; SIM and got mail service to appear and setup but not the web based services only BES. Some of that may be because the prepaid services do not offer data for smartphones.As a whole I am completely underwhelmed by the BlackBerry Bold 9900 Unlocked and its lack to work as it should.

I love this phone as it meets the expectations I was seeking in a smartphone.  It is very easy to use and I get to maintain the QWERTY keyboard feel I like and can use the touchscreen features as with other smartphones.  The only downside I have noticed is the battery does not last as long as previous phones I have used in the past.  I have to charge on a daily basis which can be pretty cumbersome at times.  Other than that, it is a great phone...

This is my first time in 3years of shopping with amazon. I got the phone and the screen does not display fully, just half way. The funny thing is that i got the phone for someone in Nigeria and will be very defficule for me to return it. How come an item that is fulfilled by Amazon have such issue. Am really not happy about this. SO if you are an International buyer, i advise you just get the phone in your country. Gnewsmoore

I have been a loyal Blackberry user for seven plus years.  I usually upgrade to newer models every other 18-24 months.  I currently have a Blackberry Bold 9900, which I've had for six months.  Unfortunately, it is the worst Blackberry I've ever owned.  Here are some of the issues I have experienced:If I type a long e-mail, the device will freeze up and restart itself-- and all my typing is lost.  To circumvent this, I have to type a few lines, save the e-mail as a draft, type more, save again, etc.  A cumbersome waste of time.The battery life is horrific.  My battery is usually completely drained after a normal 8-10 hour workday.  My older devices could last 24+ hours between charges.The screen seems less durable, possibly because it is a new touch screen.  Durability was never an issue with previous devices.  The screen on my Bold 9900 cracked after a short drop of less than three feet.Looks like I'll have to join the 21st century and get an iPhone.

Stopped working after 3 weeks.Great that the seller doesn't refund after 2 weeks, so I had to spend so much time to try to find the solution to bring this phone back to work again.This phone looks great, had 3 weeks with joy except being frustrated with absolutely poor battery life whole time.One day I couldn't make it to home before this battery got empty.When I plugged it in to charge, it looked totally fine. I could see screen was on as usual.Went to bed, next morning, no alarm.The red LED keeps blinking and nothing else.Since then, hadn't started at all.It's been more than a month, the seller doesn't help enough to get a replacement.RIM's support system doesn't seem simple either, my email came back.Being overseas, this lesson cost way too much and I had to spend so much time to find out there's nothing I can do.

Great phone, but this unlocked 'phone came with a T Mobile operating system that won't work on AT&T's 4g network.  As a result, the reception is terrible.

This is a famous Spanish saying that coincides with the fact that I am purchasing cell phone number five via Amazon. All have been gift items for other persons with differing results.However this purchase was for my daughter and thus far she is very thrilled with her phone!

This is not a brand new one! I only bought 2 mouths! But the screen doesn't work right now, I thought maybe they was something wrong with the flex, but actually no !!! one of the component is missing! And that is the refurbished one!Therefore, it sucks!

worst shoping i had i hole my life.i didn't get my stuff, some thing is wrong and i don't know when they want to send my item or pay me back.

The costumer services suks, i ordered a bold 9900 taking in to account that in the country that i live, this model would have 3g capability, but instead i recived a 9930 wich doesnt allow 3g, but i figured that out 2 weeks after i purchased the phone and got it in my hands, then i wrote them an email, explaning  the mistake they did and they told me tha the would change the phone but only if i can return it(thats cool, and obvious) the funny part is that the warranty they give me only applys 30 days afeter the item was bought, so good luck tryng to mail a package to california, from outside the U.S. and also paying the international mail because they screw up.....i just think its not fair!!!! So here i am stuck with a 590 usd phone that doesn supports 3g.......it is just worthless!

BB works best with touchpad and the software platform that allows you with two clicks to put an email in a file in outlook is a lifesaver.  it is secue tool and necessary in today's business world for email and document management

This is absolutely the worst phone ever. I had always heard what good phones Blackberry's were so I bought one. However, when my two year contract is over I am getting rid of it and will never buy any Blackberry product again. I'm giving this phone one start only because this site does not give an option to give no stars.1) Soon after buying I tried to download some apps and all of them got a message that it was an unknown. I still was charged for them however. I attempted to contact Blackberry support three times and never got any reply. There is support is non-existent. I no longer even try to download their apps.2) App world has the worst apps ever and it doesn't even have well know apps like Linked In and others. Isn't Blackberry supposed to be for professionals? Yet no Linked In...really? If they did probably get "unknown error" anyway!3) It constantly gives error messages when on the the internet that server not found or certificate not trusted. It also just drops the connection and you to go back in over and over before it accomplishes your task. The Internet is worthless on this phone. Also sometimes Blackberry's email goes down so no email!4) The phone constantly freezes so much so that I  always have to take the battery out and reinsert to get it going again.5) This is a little thing but it points to the poor construction of the phone. The battery cover will not stay on so I have to tape it shut. The cover is not broken nor is the phone ...it just won't stay on.There are more problems, I just don't remember all of them as I write this. My recommendation is to research your next phone and stay away from Blackberry...bad phones & no support.

I ORDER A BLACKBERRY BOLD FROM THIS SELLER AND IT CAME JUST AS IT DESCRIBED, IT ACTUALLY EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS , CUS I WAS WAITING FOR A MAYBE IN A BAD SCRATCHED CONDITION PHONE , SINCE ONLY COST ME $100 PLUS S&H , BUT WAS ACTUALLY IN AMAZING CONDITION, ITS NOT FOR ME BUT I KNOW MY SISTER ITS GOING TO BE VERY HAPPY WITH HER NEW PHONE. GOOD EXPERIENCE OVERALL

Bought this phone for a friend of mines.. and when she got it she totally freaked out.. lol... In perfect working condition.. My only thing is that at first I was quite skeptical about if the seller was shipping the item, but because of Amazon, I knew I would get it.. All in all very happy!

Rim needs to stop making phones period this phone has so many issues I do not know where to begin. This is officially the worst phone I have ever purchased in my life. The Motorola razor works much better than this.Randomly shuts down!Turns on when it chooses!Ringer does not work!Browser is a joke!Buy this phone if you have money to waste!

malisimo this product is of poor quality, nothing to do with the characteristics I would do if I could return it,

aqui en venezuela funciona de calidad realmente es un buen tel&eacute;fono con todas las funciones que trae funciona con cualquier llinea

Excellent phone but did not come with all the accesories as published. There was  no manual, CD etc. I do recommend it.

It looks great. I started it right away and it went very smoothly. Phone is actually unlocked, My ATT SIM card worked perfectly. Keyboard is very practical to use and the screen  is touch sensitive. A great item! Thanks!

The phone is very good. Top of the line blackberry up to the launch of the new Z10 and Q10. Nice quality materials, works fast (no freezings up to now), good signal (specially compared with my previous BB9300). My only concern is about battery life. Normal use, unplugging it at 7AM, and using it all day long with bbm, whatsupp, Facebook and little internet would die close to 11PM.Other than that, the phone works good, takes acceptable pictures and has a very good touch screen, and a magnificent keybord (which is why I've chosen it). Is not an iphone or Galaxy SII/SIII, but it doesn't cost as much as them either...In summary, I recommend it.

EXCELENTE, MUY SERIO Y RESPONSABLE, CON LO ACORDADO, SE RECOMIENDA 100%, EL PRODUCTO FUE RECIBIDO SIN NING&Uacute;N TIPO DE PROBLEMAS EN PERFECTO ESTADO

Buy the phone and does not lift the Pin or Blackberry messenger, returned it from Venezuela to trade him and I just returned it. A telephony provider indicated that I was wanted for theft in another country. I could not use and pay additional $ 75 to the cost of phone shipments. They stole $ 325 in very bad total.No recommend Store

Dear Cell Lounge Inc,I ordered and paid for a new Blackberry 9900 - Clearly this is a used/refurbished phone and Cell Lounge is clearly a bait and switch business facilitated by Amazon. I resent that you have wasted my time and have filed a formal complaint with Amazon accordingly.I, like most others, use Amazon only because it is efficient and saves me time - my most valuable asset. Based on my experience with Cell Lounge Inc., and the Amazon customer feedback, Cell Lounge Inc, business model of advertising one thing and delivering something else (AKA the bait and switch), are the biggest threat to Amazon's biz model.You have intentionally and willingly wasted my time.  Shame on you, shame on those behind the scam called Cell Lounge Inc,, and shame on Amazon for allowing sub-par biz folks like yourselves access to their customers.All those things said, yes, I am returning the used/refurbished blackberry 9900 and expect an immediate full refund for all costs associated with this time dump.

This phone had bands 1,4,8 for T-mobile, although it said 1,2,5,6 AT&T; branded phone.Dont buy! How can you trust this? If i were going to buy the 9900 with these bands i would just buy the 9930 instead! which is cheaper and has the same crappy bands...!!How did this happen?????????????????? now i have no phone since i cant use it and have to issue a return to get a fraction of the money!BUYER BEWARE!DONT BUY......!!!!!!! PLEASEEE...

todo malo no me gusto y aparte que el producto es reconstruidoall bad and I did not like the product apart is reconstructed

please i am from Venezuela, i am working with movilnet and it only work fine with AT&T, please  i need to know ASAP if this BB is AT&T, OEM or TMobile

First of all, they wrote ( Like NEW ) and it never was at all. Second, when I got it, it was scratch all over the phone but i accepted it. Third, I just used it for only one month then suddenly the screen not working at all. I took it to two different places to fix the screen or replace it, the first one asked for $160 and the second one asked for $100. Then they told me that the phone opened before and the speaker has been changed with another old one. When I contacted with the seller he said that it was over 40 days and he will never accept to returned back again. I paid almost $400 for an old and opened phone then I'm gonna pay additional $100 to fix it!! This is so unfair. So, please if any one read this DON'T EVER BUY FROM THIS SILLER AT ALL!!

I bought this phone in the end of June, and by the beginning of October, it stopped working. I took my phone to fix to 5 different places and they all said that the phone was unfixable. it was the WORST phone i ever bought. Also, 3G didn't work. NEVER BUY FROM THIS SELLER. When I contacted the seller telling him/her what had happened, he said that he couldn't give me a refund and neither another phone. So now i have a broken phone which is unfixable. DONT EVER BUY THIS PHONE

BOTH THE BOLD 9900 AND FROM DAY ONE I AM HAVING ISSUES WITH IT. EMAILED WORLDWISE AND THEY HAVE NOT RESPONDED. I WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM U GUYS AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

buena noches quisiera saber si me levanta 3G PARA LAS OPERADORAS DE MOVITAR VENEZUELA DIGITEL O MOVILNET ESPERO RESPUESTAS GRACIAS.

Bluetooth wouldn't work. When turning it on it would freeze the phone and force you to take the battery off in order to use the phone again. Same thing happened when using any media (video, music,..) battery life too short. It wouldn't last an entire day of low usage.Bottom line: Even if the phone looks great (design) t's useless and I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT.On the other hand I sent emails to Blackberry through it's App World page and never got any answer.Very bad experience. Now seriously thinking of moving to Apple's IPhone.

Product came faulty, no duct for headphones and phone was extremely slow in operation. Going into the app store you get to wait for a while. Browser slow too. This might be a problem from manufacturer. The good thing is the accepted a return and i am waiting for it to process.

phone came in its original sealed box all wrapped up with plastic. good point for PUT GROUP USA. i was first hesitating due to the bad reviews on AMAZON. i wrote them and the manager directly reached out to me and reassure that i would receive a new phone. and i did. You can buy with confidence from PUT GROUP USA....

I have to charge the batt before the end of the day. It is also Tmobile branded, which is not said in the ad.

Firstly the phone is very thin which is a plus for me, the only problem is that the battery lasts just about one day after average use. I was a bit disappointed with one aspect of the phone, from the pictures I viewed on Amazon.com it indicated that the phone was factory unlocked however when I received the phone it was branded T-mobile. Other than that the phone is great, it has an on board memory of 6GB as well as the keypad makes for easy typing.

good morning, I received my computer and blackberry 9900, I take my local carrier (Movistar Venezuela), in my operator indicadon me that my computer is reported for theft, because when I introduce my sim card appears miniscula edge. nesecito a solution for my phone because I can not use with any operator. I tested the equipment with other operators here in Venezuela and to place it shows sim card (phone not allowed MM6). Please respond I need a solution.

me llego con la tapa del celular mala; no verificaron el producto antes de enviarlo, por lo que me trajo problemas.

All other aspects of the phone are ok except that the trackball is not working and it is a T-Mobile branded against my expectation.

Processing and shipping time was great, but phone came with a super minor chip.It said that its brand new, but the chip is very small to notice, I'm a returning customer to world wide distributors and won't let this small thing come in between us.

i had the worst experience with this telephone, it doesn't work, came with problems, i'm in venezuela, and i can't return it,i am so angry cause it is a present, i am so ashamed with the person whom i gave it, and now i'm looking for somebody who can fix it or to sell it

I placed an order for Bold 9900 and received a Bold 9930 instead. A 9900 label was pasted on the packaging to cover the original label just to deceive me....this is so sad and beneath amazon's dignity. I am very disappointed as the item is fulfilled by amazon. Why the deception?

The phone is very versatil, touch screen and stuff like that, however it freezes at times, motly if you download new applications for the phone, i only use whatsapp and Black Berry messenger, i dont use any other useless application such as face book or tiwtter and the phone still freezes, and the battery drains out so fast so if you are planning to buy this black berry you should buy car charger or an extra battery

This device and it's partner the Playbook are my must have devices. I just cannot do without either of them. I use my Bold on a secondly basis and my Playbook is bridged with the Bold, so I don't have to tell you about how hard they work. I am a BlackBerry for life kinda person.

REALY I WAS EXPECTING SOMETHING BETTER , IT DOESN'T WORTH THE $ 610 I PAID , THE BATTERY IS HORRIBLE , I HAVE TO CHARGE IT TWICE A DAY , I HAD THE 9780 AND THAT WAS MUCH BETTER , REALY IT DOES'T WORTH TO CHANGE FROM THE 9780 TO THIS PHONE .I REALY REGRET BUYING THIS BLACKBERRY MODEL

Battery was dead when received, had to replace the battery. works fine afterwards. Works fine outside of US even it is ATT branded

The new processor makes everything to work faster (much faster) comparing to my previous BB9700. So much joy to see how fast 9900 restarts. It looks like the price for speed is a shorter battery life. It doesn't last as long as 9700's one with the same usage and has to be recharge during the day. By the way, my charging devices for 9700 are not powerful enough to charge 9900. And of course the Blackberry customer service is the worst in the world. They do suck!

MUY BUENO SOLO DIGITELMUY BUENO SOLO DIGITEL  MUY BUENO SOLO DIGITEL MUY BUENO SOLO DIGITEL  MUY BUENO SOLO DIGITEL MUY BUENO SOLO DIGITEL MUY BUENO SOLO DIGITEL  ,,,,,,,,,,  , ,,,,,,,,,

I purchased a Blackberry 9900 (from &#34;TGU Enterprises&#34; through Amazon Prime), paid nearly $270 for a new device (also paid for 1-day expedited delivery prior to travel). Instead received an old 9000 device, with a roller ball, which was clearly switched and repackaged (rather clumsily) in the correct box and battery for a Blackberry 9900 (battery and charger do not even fit in the old 9000! Called the number noted on the box and after 30+ min on hold I got a message that the mail box is full!

this product was a gift.  i just received feedback from the recipient that the camera portion does not work-she took it to a store and they told her it had been re-packaged.  also, it drains the battery very quickly.  she was embarrassed to tell me as it was  gift and I had done her a favor. last time for me-i live overseas and have not been back to the states, and i will not be able to return until may, so if i can do anythin, it will be another month and a half for me to pursue this issue.

PREFACE:I honestly forgot which seller this came from (sorry) but I do know it came FLAWLESS for about USD$190. It was NIB with AT&T; branding which was absolutely PERFECT for me (you can guess why). I have no idea if it was locked or not though, because I wanted it for AT&T; anyways.HARDWARE:The keys are brilliantly soft, yet very easy to type on (with my fists of meat and fingers of butter) The screen is a decent resolution too, it's sharp yet very bright in daylight. The speaker is loud and crisp in calls, but a little less quality for a/v than the Curve (who cares). The touch screen is on-par with standard devices today, and is always a neat party trick for non-blackberry people. It's also a great feeling to have the same zooming, panning, map control and etc as an Android device.Battery life is a bit crap, it lasts all day on normal use but only just. The processor power may to blame for that. The camera is so-so, I wouldn't skin a website with photos from it like I did with my Samsung Galaxy S2. Call Quality is decent, nothing to write home about either.SOFTWARE:BB7 (Blackberry OS 7) is very intuitive and has some great features, but it's a bit unstable... and there's less apps for it than BB10. (Next phone is definitely a Q10 unless they release something better.) It's a nice-looking OS but misses a couple important marks in 2014 like Voice control, Text-to-speech, and an instant web search capability. It's definitely a great communicator though... as BlackBerry has always been, and Blackberry hasn't fallen short on that at all.OVERALL:Great overall for Blackberry 7 Devices, Not so up-to-speed on the whole smartphone world. If you have the extra cash, splurge on the Q10. You'll be rewarded with more apps, better interface, more features, and the same smooth, soft, yet rigid keyboard for typing out your important communications.

Blackberry has been my hands down favorite phone for years.  However, serious problems with the software have made Blackberry line unusuable since at least December of 2011.I've had numerous Blackberry Bolds and Curves and have been a huge fan.  I've even passed up the iPhone 4 for a Blackberry, because I loved the phone that much.  However, the line of Blackberry phones using OS 5 and OS 6 no longer can alert the user of a text message.  In order to know you received a text message you need to open the specific contact who sent you the message and then scroll down.  In other words, you need to be clairvoyant.  It's Blackberry KB22120, unresolved since last year, and "[n]o resolution time frame is currently available."I also can't get features such as locate and erase to work or be able to log into Blackberry forums.No more Blackberry for me.  They are going down the tubes, and your phone is at risk of not being supported because of this.  That's an expensive brick.

It was quickly delivered! but was locked and it had the new OS 7 on it! I had to spend like 4 hours of intensive search before finding softwares and info on my MEP so I could unlock it!

Device purchased on Cell Lounge Inc. works with 3G bands 1,2,5,6  at&t device. The package arrived at destination 10 days after I made the order. Great cell phone new in box with accessories

Saludos, alguien podria decirme que tiendas envian el telefono con las bandas 1,2,5 y 6 para utilizar el telefono en Movistar o Movilnet en VENEZUELA? Segun amazo envia el telefono con las bandas 1,2,5 y 6 quisiera saber si the accesory store u otra tienda?

Good, thank

For that price I missed the part where it works on 4th generation networks, like Sprint 4g, Verizon LTE, ATT H+, this is a joke, this phone is cheap especially a refurb this is a ridiculous rip off price for a crap phone, no front camera, no touch screen, no 4G.  Blackberries don't cost this much not even their best phones, and this is not one of them.

the phone has been tempered with  and was not written the review but i ordered for the phone in the first place

Equipo muy bueno.Funciona para la Argentina.Vino con todos sus accesorios menos el CD que se puede bajar desde BB.Original en todas sus formas.

Excelente equipo, todas las aplicaciones en orden, perfecto para el trabajo y estar comunicado en todas las dimensiones de esta era, le estuve buscando defectos, aun no los consigo.

due to the problems arising with the functionality of the equipment I had several problems with it and to comment on the trade labeling it as a service provider pesimo, so in communication with the problem was solved with silver replenishing it. since they were factory equipment details.

Here we are, it's almost 2012 but RIM seems to be stuck in time.  This is just a marginal upgrade to the last bold.  OS7 is nothing more than a coat of paint to an already old OS.  Still no front facing camera, no skype, not to mention the awful app selection.  If Blackberry messenger is all you want don't bother with this phone, just get a curve 8520.

the customer care at wireless mobile was outstanding. i bought the phone for my niece in africa and its yet to get to her though so dont know about the performance...

I bought this phone April and it was giving me problems and now it just shuts off and its not coming on at all. I wouldn't suggest for you to buy your phone from this seller. Only if I read the comments I'm reading now I would've went to the next seller. Do yourself a favor and if you know that your phone is your life. SAVE IT AND RUN!

La peor inversi&oacute;n q he podido realizar es haberles comprado a ustede este equipo, en menos de un mes de uso ya esta presentando fallas, adem&aacute;s ofrecen el equipo en 3G y es mentira nunca me a podido levantar 3G el tel&eacute;fono est&aacute; como loco hace cosas solo de lo peor q desilusi&oacute;n NO RECOMIENDO ESTE VENDEDOR

The phone I order was not the one I get in the mail,i order a 9900 and I got a 9930 instead so please see what can be done fix this for me.

the phone is working fine,but the earphone and its accessary that came with the phone doesn't seem to be original earphone, it looks chinese and the production is not good.

I am happy with the phone.  It was a new unlocked phone although the shipment did not include a charger as was advertised.  The shipping is a rip off.  It cost me $37 and took 3 weeks to arrive. I live in Canada.  Had I lived 100 miles to the south across the US, border, the shipping would have been free and I would have received it in two days.  I will not buy from Amazon again..

looks good, and the ship is fast, all the functions work well, no scratch, the package has all the accessories

This is the worst phone i ever had. I Bought this phone in dec 2011 and was so excited cos never owned a blackbery but after 2 months the phone swithes it self off thereafter the screen turned dark blue and keeps flashing on and off. i complained and was told its a software problem and would cost about 200 dollars to change the screen. im totally dissapointed and would never buy a blackberry again!

Just opened the package. Perfect box, perfect everything. the phones are brand new, and unlocked. they are software marked ATT but that can be removed in the future so far exelent purchase. Alot of bad rep for this sellers but trust me it was painless. Kudos. I highly recommend. I purchased 2 bb9900 for the price of 1 brand new 9900 in  my country. This is the best blackberry ever. Better than the new gen bb's.....WHY??? easy. they are stable, sturdy and the operating system is super stable. The new ones are an android rendition that in my opinion is cheap at best.

The product is okay. But I noticed that it freezes at times. I also noticed that it didn't come with a memory card.

the phone s no good t will not  charge up or work at all.  want to return t and get my money back.

There is a logo on it, and this just like used for months, the screen feels like not fixed on the body, I feel unhappy.

The device is awesome. But why i don't have Blackberry maps in my home folder? I have it when i search for it. When i use it, its not working. I downloaded Google maps as well and that is not working either. Its connectivity to WiFi networks is slow and the GPS is not properly working I use H2O wireless carrier whit n plan. U think that is it? I think if i get one of those T-mobile or AT&T monthly data plans it can work but still, this bugs me alot.

Symbol key on keyboard and volume keys do not work properly, rendering the device pretty useless. Condition was stated as &#34;very good&#34;, meaning that seller either did not bother to check thoroughly or sent out a device that does not work properly knowingly.

This new model has a nice design, a good operational system but RIM incredibly provide a horrible battery, that lasts no more than 6 or 7 hours....

Its a damn locked phone. Cheattttttttt!!!!!

When I first got this phone I was quite happy, but it only lasted for 6 months. I hate the fact I bought such an expensive smart phone so it could die without a warning. After 4 months of not an intense use, I started to get a low battery signal even after I have left the phone charging all night. I bought a new battery and 3 weeks later the problem reoccurred, then I bought another battery (this time at a store not Amazon), and again 3 weeks later the battery seemed it wanted to die. Few days later my battery was completely charged (used my colleague's Blackberry to charge my battery) and the phone just wouldn't turn on. Again, changed battery and the phone just wouldn't turn on. I took it to a store and explained what happened and the person over the counter told me that the 9900 series has this electrical problem-- just dies. It does seem correct to have an expensive phone that has such a problem to be put on the market. It is too expensive to last only 6 months. I feel cheated!  I have tried to return it, but came across the 30 days policy. But this is a fabrication defect...

There was no blackberry pouch in my package as I saw in amazon before I placed my orders and am not pleased with it. But it's a good phone still.

It works great!  The seller assured me that it's new, even though the packaging would imply otherwise.  Did my research and there are ways to tell.  The phone is brand new.  Or BARELY used.  Maybe 3 minutes of talk time and 10 mb of data.  That works for me.  It could get that much in factory testing.  We use T-mobile and are very happy with it.

BlackBerry Bold 9900 is the best BlackBerry on OS7!! Very beautiful and easy to use, is the best experience on BlackBerry 7. Delivery fast and perfect

Seller sold me a defected BB9900 unlocked phone branded by T-mobile. Never said it was T-mobile in the description page. I complained to them that the battery was dying after using it for 2days , they told me to contact the manufacturer and said sorry no refund if the phone has been used on any network Airtime, text messages etc. How would i know if the phone is good or not if i don't use it...it did not arrive as D.O.A.?Now, i had to file a claim to be re-imbursed by Amazon.com A-to-z Guarantee claim. Seller has received the returned item since Jan-27th and still has not refunded me nor give me the status of my return.I have already bought another one from Amazon direct...it is an OEM, unlocked phone & working perfectly though a bit more expensive...at least you're getting the REAl McCoy!!!Hope this helps you in the future when you want to make a purchase on Amazon...Always go for sold by Amazon or fulfilled by Amazon ... their product is excellent and return is Hassel free!!!

Delivery to destination only a matter of days - great service.Setting up the mail accounts was very simple, compared to my previous BlackBerry. Within 5 minutes I was up & running.This phone is by far the best BBerry I have ever had. The combination of a touch screen and the QWERTY key board make it a very userfriendly phone. The only off-set is reduced battery life compared to my previous BBerry, due to the touch screen. Still though, properly charged the phone brings me through the day with recharging only required towards the evening.

The appearance is very delicate, very beautiful, functional use, the keyboard feel good. The only regret is not send original leather.

love this.. works great. no trouble at all with it.... great phone... great design..... light weight... works exceptionally well l

How can i  know if  it will work in argentina ? 3g will it work with movistar argentina?  I ama currently in miami and i would like to buy it before i return to argentina

This phone was like getting a brand new phone - intact it still had the plastic protection layers attached to the back.  Absolutely mint condition !!  Worked great, took great photos and videos (HD) as well!  Seller worked closely with me to satisfy all my questions and evegaveme a full refund wheN I found out my work would not support Blackberries any more...

100% reconmendado para los latinos muy buen productothanks for the excellent serviceseguiremos comprando s d d d d

I bought this phone and went back to my country with it . I did not attempt to use it until November 13th .and it never worked . It did not power up. Brought it to a recognized dealer and they  concluded that that it is no good maybe problems with the board. Imagine $400.00 plus dollars stolen from me .I swear I will never buy anything through Amazon again .

I was thinking about getting a Blackberry for a very long time, then I finally decided. Upon which one I wanted. The phone is amazing! It happens to be my favorite phone, I have had a sidekick, Iphone, metropcs, slide, flip, bar, and this one is my favorite. I did previously own a blackberry but I have since lost it, so I purchased this one. If you like a phone with a wide variety of apps, this phone is not for you. I mostly use my phone to send texts, emails, just the basic social networking sites. I do have Tmobile so this phone was perfect. If you are attempting to buy an unlocked att&t; phone, you should contact the seller, and let them know.But this is an overall amazing phone! I recommend this phone if you're on the go and just need to type something quickly.

Llego en buen estado recomiendo a este vendedor confiable muchas gracias . . . . . . . . .

I bought this phone because I couldn't wait for AT&T; to carry it and my 9700 was busted. I tried the 9810 but the keyboard wasn't for me and haven't switched over my biggest gripp is that it only does EDGE on AT&T; networks, and not 3G. Now that AT&T; will start selling their version of it starting Nov 6th, this is going back.Pros: great keyboard. A little softer then I would prefer but reminds me of my old Moto QCons: not compatible with 3G or 4G with AT&T; otherwise I would give it 5 stars

This is the worst gift ever.  I purchased the phone for my husband for Christmas.  It is now three weeks later and my husband cannot use his gift. The online detail says that the phone is unlock and it is compatible with my cell phone provider, yea right if it was only that simple. I have my cell phone provider try several options and to no avail was unsuccessful.  The worst part is that there&#8217;s no return address and I'm out almost three hundred dollars.  I now have to find another phone for my husband.WORST THING EVER&#8230;

it very good i am working with it in Egypt on all the networks and it with 50 % of the price

El telefono es malo solo lo use durante 5 semanas, y no volvio a encender, me indicaron que habia tenido una muerte subita, que esos celulares salieron con el sofware malo y al final nadie me respondio. Perdi mi dinero en ese celular,  NO LO RECOMIENDO.

I would like to thank u, for the blackberry at first I thought it was going to be scuffed, but I doubted u... I hope it goes well in a few years, thanks a million big one

Bought this phone with high expectations, thinking it would be brand new like the product description says.  However, upon receiving the phone and connecting it to blackberry desktop software, I realized the phone is used.  It contained blackberry messenger contacts from the previous owner and everything was in Spanish.  I am extremely disappointed with this seller for their dishonesty in selling used phones and claiming they are brand new.  Definitely wasted my time and money.

Bought this for a friend overseas, went to make sure it was unlocked, and indeed it was unlocked. After using it for awhile, I asked how it was works, he has not experienced any problems, and works well with the network there!

bought it for my nephew as a Christmas gift, but he wasn't happy so I had to return it. No fault of the seller though I think all these blackberries have OS issues which I hope they improve in BB10. Cell Lounge was great though they replaced it for me even after the allowed time and had great customer service in general.

Good ... I am interested in buying the product but would like to know which team is working bands to see if an official in my country with my carrier of choice ... Also find out if they are T-Mobile? I am very interested in the team so I would appreciate your prompt response

It's exactly what I wanted in a phone -- Touch screen speeds up what you're looking for . . . emailing, texting, etc. just makes it a great communications device. And makes your time using it very enjoyable, too! Thanks for shipping it to me as quickly as possible.

this is a very expensive phone but after a few months of use the camera stopped working. I did some research on the web and followed what other customers have experienced to try to get the camera to work again. But I had no luck with it, now my poor daugther is really upset since the feature that she uses the most is dead. I expected that a phone with a price tag of over $400 should be more reliable especially when care has been taken. other than that the phone does what it is suppose to do.

I just return my 2nd Blackberry 9900. The software is bad on most of these phone, not all. Blackberry is working to resolve the issue but have yet to fix it ans have no idea how long it will take. A $600 phone should work perfectly. Call your service provider and they will tell the same thing if they are honest. I'm with t-Mobile, call them.

i bought the unlocked blackberry 9900 and i received the items but the phone can't turn on, so i return the phone on 02/15/2013, and the usps officer said the BytesOfDeals will receive the package on 02/22/2013. i just have the receipt but i don't have the tracking number. now already two weeks since i sent out the package, but the BytesOfDeals didn't reply my email. i just want my refund back.... today is Mar/2/2013

I will state right in the beginning my view that Blackberries continue to be the leaders when it comes to security, data efficiency, reliability and and practicality. My company-issued Blackberry does not do games very well and I'm not using it to play movies (I prefer the 73" screen in the living room for that) but it's amazingly good when it comes to getting my email and quickly composing new messages or replying to the incoming. Also great at integrating the enterprise email with any Web email services I'm using, Bluetooth-paired devices and the phone features be they 4G or Wi-Fi.Current Bold users should be happy and almost certainly happier with the 9930 because this is very much the 'old' Bold only sleeker, faster or, in other words... bolder. When it comes to new users, it's a crowded marketplace out there. Those who prefer great physical keyboards may want to look into this Bold because you could hardly find a better 'phone' keyboard anywhere and that includes other Blackberries. I am currently a Torch user but I've been given the opportunity to try out a couple of the newer models: this new Bold and the new Torch 9810. The Torch has a slightly larger screen but, in fairness, few phones come close to the new Bold when the factors considered are elegance, the quality of the build and, naturally, the keyboard.First, the good things:- IT'S STILL A BLACKBERRY - This is important to the many BB users who want their Blackberry to change only slightly from one generation to another, at least as far as the physical form and the user interface is concerned. While Blackberries evolved from the little 'wheel' to the track ball to the current touch-sensitive pad to touch screens, they are still recognizable and I bet that if a time traveler from, let's say, 2002, popped up in 2011, he/she should be able to use the 9930 in no time. All buttons are at the familiar locations and, at least when comparing it with the previous generation, the 9930 responds very much in the same way with 'touch' added if needed but never mandatory to accomplish anything. I find myself using a combination of touch, buttons and sometimes to track pad to operate it.- IT'S SMALLER, LIGHTER - While the screen appears to be (very slightly) larger on the 9930, its bulk is significantly reduced. This model is thinner and it appears to weigh less than its predecessor. Not everyone may appreciate this in the beginning and I was one of those but I got used with the lighter device quickly and I would consider it an improvement now.- TOUCH - Not the first Blackberry with the feature and it's not as good as iPhone's but, for what I'm using it, it's just right. The new Blackberry OS allows me to 'touch' just about anything on the screen and trigger... something. Gestures are also supported including 'pinch-zoom' in and out. And, related...- BUTTONS - Maybe this should have been at the top of the list. This Blackberry does not force me to do everything by touching the screen. Just about everything can be done by either pushing/clicking a button and controlling the cursor with the little trackpad or by interacting directly with the screen (tap virtual buttons) or a combination. Most of the time it's 'a combination' for me and it's always the way I feel most comfortable about doing things. I appreciate the ability to use physical buttons when I want it.- IMPROVED PICTURE QUALITY - Very much on par with what's current 'best in the business', the picture is significantly better as far as brightness and resolution.  I would not use the Bold to watch movies or read books with the Kindle app but this is because I don't use Blackberries that way. I could if I wanted to. To me Blackberries are expected to do: email, voice, enterprise integration. Everything else is 'extras' - my employer wouldn't like to see me watch movies, play games or update my Facebook wall on the company 'phone'.- BETTER KEYBOARD - Believe it or not, this Bold's keyboard is even a better design that the predecessor's. The keys are slightly larger because keys now stretch from edge thus gaining maybe an extra 1/8 of an inch to distribute among the 10 or so keys on each row. I noticed the difference immediately.- EXTRAS - Of course, you get cameras with geolocation which I'm not likely to use a lot but it's good to know it's there, you can get video for free or subscribe to some pay services, have the ability to store various media and so on. It's good to have them but I'm not likely to spend much time with the 'extras' except maybe with the Web browser which, by the way, is very good at handling HTML5.- IMPROVED WEB BROWSER - This is good news. The built-in browser may not be as good as, let's say, Opera but it's coming pretty close and it's a major improvement over what Blackberry used to offer. This one is, of course, touch enabled.- Bluetooth, WI-FI - they work great and pairing with a Bluetooth device can be done literally in seconds.In addition to the above, on the 'the same' or not necessarily 'improvements' category, I noticed no significant change as far as battery life is concerned. Hard to measure it but I would recharge it every couple of days if used for phone/email only and at least daily if a lot of web browsing or video is involved.On the not-so-good or 'really annoying' side, I really hated the abundance of bloatware - I call it 'crapware' - that seems to have invaded the Blackberry world. There is an abundance of little pre-installed apps and services that, shortly after you click on and go to the trouble of activating them, it turns out that they are 'pay' things, ranging from Pac-Man to TV services, and it's either impossible or very difficult to remove - I didn't have the time to waste so I was able to quickly hide them but... there SO MANY of them. If RIM is listening, they should know that I do NOT love Blackberry more for turning the BB desktop into some apps and services peddling space. Blackberry's app store continues to be difficult to navigate, overpriced and quite unattractive.When it comes to rating this new Bold, within the context of Blackberries, it's probably one of the best and I am now hesitating between this and the Torch. It's lighter, brighter, sharper, faster and provides more functionality than previous models so it's a five-star.And, yes. The Blackberry is not an iPhone or an Android. And the reverse happens to be true: iPhones and Androids are not Blackberries. I'm using a Honeycomb tablet for personal entertainment and there is an iPad in our household but what I've been using a Blackberry for 'business' quick, efficient and reliable communications for the past 10+ years. They never let me down.-->> Brush your teeth, it's the law! &lt;&lt;

I have been a Blackberry user for quite a long time but definetely the 9900 is the best Blackberry device I ever have.

I LOVE THE PHONE SO FAR BUT THERES ONE LITTLE PROBLEM WHY CANT IT READ MY TMOB SIMS CARD EVERYTHING ELSE ABOUT THIS PHONE ITS PERFECT THE FEEL THE LOOK I MEAN EVERYTHING BUT THIS PROBLEM I MEAN PLEASE THIS WOULD OF BEEN 5 STARS IF I DIDNT HAVE SUCH A HARD TIME TRYING TO GET IT TO READ MY SIMS CARD BUT I GIVE IT A 4.5/5 WOULD OF BEEN 5/5 BUT JUST THIS PROBLEM GOOD PHONE TO BUY THO

Nice phone. received on time and works great... have to check out all other features as im using it first time. i just got it for the key pad. ll c how it goes

Best BB Ever.Nice interface, nice design, nice accesories.Do not include micro SD (Not that nice).Hope RIM change their mind and allow this product to upgrade to BBX OS.

The products were fair enough but were not up to expectation. I will love if they can improve on it

Don't regret getting this at the price I got it for. Love it, I enjoy it and would recommend it!

excellent

this phone is the best phone I ever bought.  I love the touch.  love the color.  love the feathers.  Will buy other soon for my wife and will recommend it my friend & family

the ad had several accessories that did not come with the product, like leather cover, headphone, etc.I am very dissatisfied with the advertiser. .

Great purchase, I've had the iPhone off and on now but I always prefer a keyboard to type. The phone has a fast processor that rivals the iPhone 4S and the only apps I need that are useful are already on my MacBook Pro. Brilliant display, camera quality is ok, but the design is slim. Love it!

It seems that there are many posable outcomes when buying from this seller, because i checked the reviews before buying and found many more positive than negative but i have to say, this phone did NOT deliver.  It was not 4G capable, which apparently is a quality of factory unlocked phones however this was not explained and was a big let down. secondly the battery literally lasted for 23 min, i'm not sure why because since it was new one would think that it would function as well as any other blackberry but it would over heat and then die literally in 23 min.lastly and most importantly, it did not ever find a network connection, with T-Mobil or AT&T;, it was not branded but the start up screen was some company i had never heard of.  all in all, my experience was terrible and all i can hope is that they let me return it for a full refund.

good phone. not many apps are for blackberry, but its a good OK phone overall. Camera is poor, but for price its OK.

The item is sealed in a used box, however ,it looks like a brand new one. The quality is very good,  but OS is very hard to use, it took me several days to solve the problem, and most of the problem was solved when upgraded to the OS 7.1.

I got the phone clean new looking and unlocked but it came without its package/carton and the accessories were all scattered. I found only the charger and phone. Nothing else....I feel cheated and bad because I bought this for my wife as a secret present but could not explain why a new phone came naked and alone!!

Sent it to Tmobile and they said it had water damage but it never got wet in my possession! How is it possible to have water damage?

ok so its been two weeks i have the phone and i start getting issues with it.it Doesn't have Signal where i live, my house has two floors and it only works upstairs woooo,and now the Screen start to Freeze,to send Pictures Takes about 5 minutes to be send and also has the AT&T logo AND IT DOESN'T HAVE THE MEMORY CARD...Oh man i wont suggest that phone at least online get it with any other phone company so if u have any problems im sure the will fix it for ya!

it touches good, and easy to use, the sound is great.but the app is few, hope blackberry can provide more apps.

Purchased this phone in April. My battery started to swell and if i take a picture it dies. I bought  new battery thinking the battery was bad. Now i did that the phone does not come on at all. I need some kind a refund or a new phone.

Description did not mention that the phone was manufactured by  T - mobile. Was shocked when I opened the package to find the phone labeled T mobile. when it was not given in the phone description.

I did not do enything too it and it just did  not want too turn on and the red light kept flashing.

Recibido a tiempo en miami. No hab&iacute;amos contestado antes puesto qu&eacute; no hubo retrasos en aduana de mi pa&iacute;s.Gracias por el servicio

This phone was for my wife and it works without a flaw, it is able to connect to our carriers 4G coverage with no problems.

I got the phone, delivered on time, and ready to go. It was branded, but not t-mobile, AT&T so it will work with the provider I plan to use it on. I was alarmed after ordering when I read the customer reviews and they all said it was T-Mobile branded, which would not have worked for me, but I guess I got lucky. Make sure to comment on your order which carrier you need it to be from, and I assume they will accomodate you. The box had been opened, and the phone had been handled, but I assume this was only for unlocking purposes, as there were no scratches, nicks, or dents, it was just obvious it was not factory packed. All components and accessories were included in the packaging, so it was a complete package. It started up with no problem, and functions fully, including the 3G functions.

The description of the phone says that the phone was unblucked, but its not true, i need flashed him, the condition of the phone was bad too much scratches, dont include the cahrger, (i review the description and dont say that the item was not included and the images that he show included taht one.  The keyboard dont work good.  The item its a really garbage.

Hello, first of all I would like to ask a question. I'm from Argentina and I would like to know if I buy this phone works ok in Argetina in 3g?regards

I have the 9900 on tmobile 4g network.  This review has nothing to do with the seller that people are complaining about, only the phone.Pros:-Fantastic design and finish, super thin!-fastest blackberry yet, everything is silky smooth-browser is much improved, utilizing multi-touch pinch to zoom-best keyboard of all time-Touch screen makes navigating around the menus much faster-good camera quality, good enough to get details on documents-battery life is decent, will last a day-the best messaging device by far-Fantastic call quality and speakerphone, loud ringerCons:-not the best gmail integration, no shortcut for starring emails-OS7 is still behind android and iOS in terms of available apps, touch screen integration, and user friendliness-no free navigation app, most android, windows 7, and nokia phones have this.-app updates take long-web browser still not as good as android/wp7/iOS.The biggest thing holding RIM back is the software.  Hardware is not the issue, just look at the Amazon fire, which is based on the Playbook.  Amazon is selling millions more than the Playbook, which probably sold a few thousand units in total.  This should be a wakeup call to RIM, adopt a different OS, or get serious about developing a competitive operating system.

Well, finally i got my 9900, it`s a great kick a$$ phone! the only thing that is the box, i thought it was an (original) blackberry box and the phone has the T-Mobile logo

I bought this item and brought it back to Jamaica to use. The first time I took it from the box most things were OK. I think the package was missing the travelling case and memory card but I overlooked those issues. Got the phone to charge overnight and used it the next day, but when the battery needed to charge again the phone shut down and wouldn't reboot. It wasn't charging and even putting a charged battery in it wasn't doing any good so I opted to return the phone. The cost of shipping was about 50% of the value of the phone so I'm just holding on to a $200 paperweight... Wish I had a better experience to share with you!

The BB9900 phone is not a new one.1.The USB port is dirty and with mark of scratch.2.Headset is not original.Quality is bad.3.The surface of phone have mark of scratch.

El dise&ntilde;o es espectacular. Es el celular Ideal. Pero los problemas de software que tiene son constantes. Se apaga solo. Se mezclan los email con las llamadas!! se destilda solo y queda sin conexi&oacute;n. La bater&iacute;a dura 14 horas un d&iacute;a y al siguiente 6 sin hacer nada distinto. Controlo las cargas. Cambi&eacute; los cable usb por otros originales e igualmente pasa lo mismo. Una l&aacute;stima porque es el aparato mejor logrado. Lo actualic&eacute;, no mejor&oacute;. El paciente est&aacute; en terapia intermedia.

absolutely satisfiedcomes with full boxand the product was perfectly fine to use and was newit was kind of scratched but not noticeable at all (i was just being picky)

super

I bought this phone as new but when it came it looked old and the camera was not working, I took it to two different repairers but was told the camera is bad. Now I have to pay to fix it. Pls don't buy

This cell phone is very bad. Se reinicia solo. The memory is bad. I don't know what happened with the phone. I don't like.

I had a Blackberry 9300 & got the 9900 about 6 months ago because of the touch screen.  It's awesome.  Every app I needed, it had or I bought.  I had an iPhone and it was more of a toy to play music, watch videos, get into social media, etc.  I'm not into any of those time consuming things.  Socially, I prefer talking to someone or texting short stuff.  Any web site that's important can be put on the Home screen.  A big plus is that using Windows Vista you can sync it with Outlook 2007 for Contacts, Calendar, Tasks, and Notes, all of which I use daily in business.  Having several email accounts [work, personal, etc] can all be received in one folder.  There are apps to screen and eliminate spam.  There's an app to deleting unwanted incoming calls.  Just those 2 apps alone save time and frustration.  Just a bunch of good stuff overall.

Cosmetics were better than described.  It is much better than the Bold 9700 that I had for a while, very happy with the purchase.

It was possible solution. The thecnical suportt blackberry in my country say that is neccesary change the motherboard,I wonder...If this phone was new???

Les comento que si recibi mi articulo Blackberry Bold 9900 pero no era lo que esperaba, me refiero a que no es compatible con la operadora que utilizo aqui en mi pa&iacute;s y todo esto se debe a que algunos vendedores no quieren especificar claramente lo que en realidad venden por Amazon, en varias oportunidades le envi&eacute; un correo a este vendedor para que me confirmara sobre las Bandas 3G que &eacute;ste equipo ten&iacute;a y nunca me respondi&oacute;, pues mi mala suerte fue que recub&iacute; un equipo T-Movil con Bandas 1,4,8 y necesitaba era 1,2,5,6 para 3G lo cierto es que tuve que vender el equipo con mucha pena, ya que no lo pude disfrutar. Aprovecho la oportunidad para decirle a los vendedores que por favor en las especificaciones de los productos coloquen lo que ustedes ofrecen no copiar las especificaciones de otros vendedores y pegarlas en la informaci&oacute;n del mismo.

wow i just love it!, the Qwerty is so soft, the cellphone itself is so thin, wow i can't believe all the apps it comes within, i think im gonna use it all day!!!

Trackpad went bad after just one week of use. Trackpad went bad after just one week of use. Trackpad went bad after just one week of use.

The phone looks great and its in excellent condition BUT, and this is a huge but, IT IS REPORTED AS STOLEN. I cannot activate blackberry PIN because the phone has &#34;Legal issues&#34;. I dont really know if this is the sellers fault but the least I expect from them is to have the phone replaced.AMAZON, please, help me with this issue.

I have owned most android phones since the almighty G1 whose best feature was the ability to see the screen in direct sunlight IMO. I have the Nexus S and now this BlackBerry Bold 9900 is my daily driver because it's exactly what I wanted i.e security and communication. I have to confess I'm not that much into apps and just wanted a phone for it's main function... a PHONE! The 9900 has great voice quality, strong signal and I just love the stability. With the Nexus S I was sick and tired of the fast draining battery since it always had background apps like Skype, Google Maps running in the background even after I had disabled them!! The battery on the Nexus S would last me a day and a half even when I wasn't using the damn thing.Granted this Bold 9900 does eat up battery fast but still lasts far longer than my android phone. I also love the Bold 9900 screen quality as it's very sharp with beautiful colors although the blacks are the best on Samsung SAMOLED. I have absolutely no regrets in moving from an Android phone to a BlackBerry 9900 as to me it feels like an upgrade. The only bad point I can say about this phone is the auto focus missing on the camera but then I rarely take macro pics and 99% of the time my pics are long distance/moving pics and for that this camera is perfect.

I been using only blackberries since my first smart phone and this is the best blackberry ever! I had a curve to bold 9700, bold 9780 and now the bold 9900.  I havent had  problems that i used to have with my old blackberries like freezing a lot, documents not being able to open, data not being able yo upload.  If you are looking for a reliable phone for work and easy to use and not cool applications than this is the  perfect phone.  I paid around 350 with a 2 years contract with Tmobile. Is much more expensive than most of the smart phones in the market but i don't regret getting it.

I've finally decided to use this phone and it wont power on. From inspection, I can see it is clearly a refurbished device.FRAUD!!!!!! Something is even shaking in the chassis also.

While Blackberry markets itself as a BUSINESS phone, and the Blackberry BOLD 9900 as an INTERNATIONAL business phone, the reliability of this phone is so poor that it completely undermines any feature or function BlackBerry boasts.I've had this phone since September 2011 and starting a month ago, on a DAILY basis, but especially when I need to communicate with people between appointments, it:- blacks out- hibernates and won't wake up- sticks- won't wake up/ come back on when turned off or battery is taken out!- takes 15 to 20 minutes to 'reset', wake-up/comeback to life.- if a device is inoperable, what does coverage, HD, keypads, etc. matter?I heavily rely on email and texts as I work in an industry where time is of the essence, time is money, and first-come-first-served. If you, for whatever reason, live or work in an environment where you require a measure of reliability in a smartphone THIS BLACK BERRY IS NOT FOR YOU!!!! The honey moon period is extremely short, and for the price, there's not so much that is sweet about it.

hey yall, i have been a blackberry user for years but mainly with the curve series. im from the caribbean, st lucia to be exact. there are lots of awesome phones out there and im not hating but this blackberry 9900 is awesome!!! i wanted a tourch but i didnt like slide up phones fearing of the flex cable might get loose. so i waited and here it is, the blackberry 9900 is the way to go. it feels awesome in ur hands, the keyboard is so kool i look forward to typin and responding to emails, tweets, bbm, fb all the time. i didnt care about the auto focus, no big deal, the pics are jus awesome and video recording is spectacular. this phone arrived on time and in great condition and yes unlocked, hooked up my digicel sim card and im now addicted to my 9900. i give Rim theri props!!! over the years blackberry phones took forever to boot but this 1.2ghz processor works perfectly on this device. enough said. blackberry is the way to go.

This is the machine every one was waiting for!!!!! nice, perfect size, either wheigth, the battery has good durability, perfect signal... etc....

I found the ad misleading. An extra battery was promised in the ad and was never shipped. Pls be sincere with your ad

The product itself is ok but I got a package that was opened and a unit that had an AT&T; logo when the picture specifically had no logo.I am very particular about a logo and VERY disappointed that my unit had a logo on the phone.

It was an issue getting it to respond to the server of t mobile. The phone is glitchy and memos keep poping up saying something is wrong with it. plus its not insured by my company so i have to find an alternative source to insure it to fix it.i would return it but its been a while since i got it.

Very great product for nice price. Phone was used abroad and worked perfectly fine with other carriers. I'll recommend this product for great connectivity outside and inside the country

Desde VenezuelaExcelente blackberry, levanta 3g aqui en venezuela con las 3 operadoras (digitel, movilnet y movistar) rapido y muy elegante en dise&ntilde;o.

I purchased this phone as it stated it was &#34;NEW&#34; what i received as was a used phone , in a generic box .False advertising at  best !

I am so impressed with this phone!! The GRAPHICS ARE PHENOMENAL LIKE they are soo Crisp and CLEAN and worse its a touch screen You find yourself just wanting to touch it. BB 9900 SELL OFF!!!! (which means its AMAZING for non-jamaicans :) ) Also the dealer did a GREAT JOB... I was worried about all that could go wrong with the wrong phone being sent and it not being unloacked... BUT it accepted and works with my digicel chip SO i am A HAPPY CAMPER... so i dont have to worry about an additional cost to unlock the phone etc... THANKS AND I WOULD BUY A PHONE FROM THIS DEALER AGAIN!!! Also this is the first time shopping via AMAZON.com and The experience was wonderful.... THANKSSSS XD

Bold? Not really. But the best Blackberry you can buy today? Yes.I'm an Iphone user and Android user mostly, but if you have to have a Blackberry, this is a very nice device. It does do 3G on AT&T;, it is snappy, the hardware feels very solid and quality-constructed.  The screen is very high quality and the touch functionality works nicely.To me, the differentiating factor of a Blackberry (at least with their current OS) is that it has a full keyboard.  If you are an email maven and don't spend much time on the internet, this is a quality device for that. On the contrary, this device does a very good job of integrating Twitter and Facebook into the factory-ready experience.  A little 'net, and a lot of email productivity.Yes, iPhone and Android have more apps. If you need a full spectrum experience, you've probably already considered iPhone or an Android. That being said, if you strongly prefer a full keyboard or must use Blackberry, this is a very nice device.The battery life is great, too!

Phone was as described. Perfect. Purchased for a friend out of the country and it works perfectly for its use. Thank You

I was under the impression that this item was a Blackberry Bold 9900 when I ordered it.  Therefore compatible with AT&T and T-Mobile services if unlocked.  However, the item I received was a Blackberry Bold 9930, and compatible with Verizon and Sprint.  I am very disappointed in this product, as I cannot fully use it with my cellular plan with AT&T.

The phone is advertised in US as an unlocked Blackberry that &#34;is compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile. Not all carrier features may be supported&#34;.  NOT all features?  Just the most important one - that it is a 4G capable phone which it is not!!!  The seller sent a phone designed for use in EUROPE which doesn't have 4G.  When the phone was turned on it said VODAFONE which is a European carrier.  The seller misrepresented this material fact in their advertising - Don't trust them!!

I bought a new Bold 9900 but can't take photos of business cards because the camera will not focus on text that small.I think it's completely incomprensible verging on moronic that the #1 BUSINESS phone is incapable of taking photos of BUSINESS cards.Really? If you can mentally picture a pirate that just smelled something really bad and is wondering who did it -Well that's the face I'm making right now.

Im disappointed that, my device is unable to allow me to access any DATA services; I bought this device as a gift for my sister who resides in Guyana South America and had it connected to the DIGICEL GUYANA network but all that we are allowed to do is make voice calls and send text sms (text).The tech support at Digicel GUYANA did look at the issue and advised that the device has an issue , maybe with the IMEI being blocked or something of this nature. All of the network's settings were checked and verified. Other active SIMs were tried with the same result.I had to return to the USA with this device but since the problem was discovered I have been unable to make contact with GOODGUYS electronics which sold this device. I would love to have this issue resolved.

Faster, when I bough this product, I got my doubt, but, it was just that. This an excellent cell phone. Faster, not lighter than other but its handle it. A big display. Touch. I recommend it. Nice option for this smart phone.

Do a Google search on this product. It has a history of keys breaking off of the keypad. Purchase this or any other BlackBerry model 9900 and you'll find yourself coming back to Amazon for the parts to fix it.

I am still getting the run arounds with this phone....it says unlocked and I cannot access my blackberry data plan from my carrier.  I can make and receive calls but the blackberry service would not work on the phone.  All I am receiving is a whole set of instructions from the seller as to what to do to get the bb plan working.  I am not a technical person and I don't know what to do and I am not playing around with the phone if I do not know what to do.  I wouold have to spend more money now to take it to a technician.  I should not have to do that, the phone should be internationally unlocked not only for calls but for the blackberry service provider in all countries.  I am not at all pleased.  I feel if a phone is unlocked...it should be entirely unlocked.  I should not have to be spending additional money to get it unlocked to the bb service.  This is ridiculous!!  Furthermore the phone does not have the product tag by the battery compartment and the company is saying that all their 9900 have tags, they have advised me to send back the phone and they will investigate it to see if the phone came from them.  The phone came from them, that's the phone I took out the box.  From what I am hearing it looks like I have been sold a stolen phone or a refurbished phone.  All the company has been doing is sending me instructions on how to get the phone to work, they never once advised me to send back the phone.  I asked about a refund and was told nothing about a refund...but they are willing to exchange the phone for another one.  I will not be purchasing anything more from this company.  The rep that dealt with me never once offered me a number to call him and discuss it, I had to ask for a contact number in the latter stages.  In my opinion I have been ripped off, paid for a new phone but instead it looks like they sent me a used one.  I have since sent back the phone to the seller and they exchanged it for one that is actually working better.  I think that phones should be thoroughly checked before being sent out to customers (especially those in the international region).  How can you have a phone on your shelf that does not carry the label with the information about the phone (that sticky label that is usually found behind the phone by the battery compartment), and then ship it to a customer, that to me is carelessness on the seller's part.  I cannot blame the carrier, since the carrier did not sell me the phone.  The seller in this case, is the one to blame for the faulty phone.  The seller was helpful all through the process.  They just need to be more careful of the products they are selling to customers, if they want the customers to be 100% satisfied.

All blackberries are crap and the Bold 9900 is no exception. It just does everything badly, or not at all. If I weren't forced to use this piece of crap by my employer I would never consider buying one. You should never consider buying any Blackberry product ever.

i ordered this phone from this seller cell lounge.. i ordered a new phone, i received a refurbished one with a indent on the body.. i sent it back and they sent me ANOTHER REFURBISHED one..and telling me that it is new, with bubbles on the screen... and now. everytime you lock the screen, when you unlock it, the screen remains blank and you have to restart the whole phone....i wanted to return it soo badly, but it would have cost too much to ship it back and to clear the one they would send back.... so dont buy this phone!! at least not from cell lounge!!!update: the phone i got from them which they claimed was new, has now ceased to function.i had it for about 4 mths..it never dropped or got wet or anything.. i woke up one morning to check the time, and realized the phone wasn't responding.. tried a battery pull. and nothing.. now the phone is just a brick..i have even carried it to several techs to see if i can have it repaired but to no avail...sigh!! so now the $280 plus dollars i spent is jus a waste now!!

The battery is very small and poor for the celular needs. In less than two days it gets empty and I need to recharge.The old model Bold 9700 was much better

Ordered this 9900 refurbished from amazon and mango wireless. Company answered questions I had quickly and item showed up on time and as advertised. Very happy with the purchase. Ordered this 9900 to use as a work phone and it does the job extremely well. Not an iPhone replacement it is meant to do one thing and that is communicate. Absolutely perfect for it intended use.

The phone was clearly stated as &#34;NEW&#34;. However, it arrived in its box without the usual plastic bag. While looking through the phone I noticed there was a picture of a woman that I clearly did not take. The tlf is also branded by AT & T.

Just bought a Bold 9900 a few days ago. Very good phone much improved os andInterface. Much more responsive. One note when trying to make sure theBattery lasts turn the backlighting down and theBattery lasts me all day. Thanks R.I.M! GreatImprovement. In the next series of phones I wouldSuggest a slightly more powerful battery and aDual core processor. Those improvments wouldPerfect it.Proudly a Canadian customer supporting a CanadianCompany. I choose to support this companyAs I know they have had their problems and willImprove in time. Plus I hate hearing someoneObsess over their iphone. My preference anyways.If you have problems instead of just deciding notTo be part of that problem choose to be partOf the solution and work together. In other words whateverProblems you come across you can be part of the solutionBy being informative. Besides people expect too muchOut of phones and are impatient and impulsive. ThenWhen they buy something else its terrific till somethingGoes wrong. I have heard plenty of complaints aboutOther phones as well. I don't judge I choose. It's calledBeing fair and patient.

It's unlocked but branded as AT&T. This means that it does not have full functionality. It's just a piece of crap.

This phone is exactly what I wanted. Performance is absorlutely amazing. It fits my palm well and makes my jobs easier. Every where I go with it, I'm assured of the fact that I have not left my office behind.

It's a nice phone with a perfect and superior voice recognition capability. Lots of features on email application and great touch screen and image quality.

I have purchased a machine from you and was shipped to me in Saudi Arabia quickly and this is excellent but I discovered that the device no problem Balmicrvon a big problem I think I cheated here

Superb phone but ridiculous battery power. I don't understand what happened to RIM. They should offer to replace the battery with a more powerful one free of charge.  Mine doesn't even last 8 hours.

Let me start off by saying that this is not a smartphone. It is in no sense of the word smart, nor does it really function as a phone. I have the tmobile version which i got ripped off on ($350)!A- the number one problem with this phone is that it is soooo slow. I just downloaded Bejeweled and i feel like i paid just to see the blackberry loading sign every five seconds.B- My husband has the samsung galaxy 2 and i am jealous! Compared to that phone or any other decent phone at that price range, this phone really has no chance.I can go on and on, but take my advice and buy yourself a real smartphone...

This is a T.Mobile branded phone. That is not said in the description and it is extremely relevant. Would not have purchased it had it been described as a T.Mobile unlocked phone. The problem is that 3G does not work on other networks (it's not "unlocked" if you need to use 3G network). And in some countries, like Japan or China, you can only use a BlackBerry on a 3G network. I learned this the hard way. Thanks to this misleading seller. What a horrible shopping experience. On top of it, the seller responded that I should have checked the comments from other customers before buying. Unbelievable. If the seller new it was a relevant information, why did the seller not amend it's description?

To the cellphone i can give 5 stars. It is great and works really good. The problem was the battery the send me a battery that wasnt working good. And they send me another one and it also was damaged. Im still waiting for another one and they took more than 3 weeks to solve a problem of a battery!!..the cellphone is good but the service of the company completely bad

okay so I get the phone and the battery is not good...i get one from them a day later...now a month later the phone has a red light Flash IC problem which is so difficult to fix....I feel so bamboozled

Loving my new bb 9900 bold. The touchscreen is a natural fit and very intuitive to use. Very natural, and works just like you would want it to work.As of now the email functions of the blackberry are FAR superior to that of any other mobile device, and although still weaker in the browsing and app areas, the amount of email I process keeps me coming back to blackberry again and again.A few issues I would point out though.-The trackpad and send end back and menu keys are much too close to the touchscreen, inevitably causing many unintentional clicks, phone calls, etc.-The software is a little buggy, and frequently the back key resorts to bringing up the switch application function instead of back.-The lack of UMA is a big problem for me due to no Tmobile cell service in my house, which I solved with UMA on my bold 9780 , only to be back in the problem boat again due to Tmobile taking a step in the wrong direction by removing the. UMA calling feature.Best,Morris BracaCFOICCS & Co., LLC

My BlackBerry Bold 9900 unlocked phone which was bought recently is constantly restarting and this only after I was downloading from the App World the messenger upgrade. Can you be so kind to explain to me why this is happening and if I am entitle to any warrantee benifits?[[ASIN:B0058GWR8O BlackBerry Bold 9900 Unlocked Phone

hola espero que yo no tenga la mismas experiencia de los otros compradores quisiera que este desbloqueado como hay lo dise para que hale 3g com cuarquier operadora

I'm a happy costumer. The service provided by Wireovia is excellent, my cellphone came in perfect conditions and works amizing.  Thanks

I just received this Blackberry from BREED..........oh so nice.  The seller was great, arrived on time.I have been a Blackberry user for years and this phone tops them all......very SMOOTH....sensitive touch.  I have had other types of smartphones, but I keep coming back to Blackberry.Can't go wrong with this phone!!Thank you  BREED!!!

OK, as most comments already state, you need to be careful into which Blackberry version you are buying. There are two: While all of them support worldwide GSM bands (900/850/1900/1800), on UTMS (3G) they are dual band, meaning each one will support only 1900 OR 2100Mhz only.T-Mobile works under 2100Mhz. AT&T; branded phones will work on 1900Mhz. This is crucial.  You need to check with your local carriers for a compatible band, THEN buy.All southamerica but Brazil and Venezuela (I think?) support the 1900Mhz frequency, so a t-mobile branded phone wil not work on 3G. You won't have any problems on the 2G band (slower EDGE speeds).The phone is getting a bad reputation because of the seller shipping different phone versions. Not because the smartphone is bad at all.

When I took the phone in to get my bbm activated I was told that the software on the phone was corrupted probably during the unlocking process. I filed a claim and heard NOTHING back from the seller. I stilll have the phone in the box and there is nothing I can do about it.

Im mad because the phone was the wrong carrier no where in the description did it say it was an at&t phone. it said the phone was unlocked and it was not!

Got the phone with the top right corner of the touch screen damaged. Only discovered this a few days ago when I removed the screen protector and now it&#8217;s spreading to the entire top of the screen....Very upset and extremely disappointed!!!!!!!!!

gracias hemanos muy rapido el traslado del articulo eso es lo que se quiere estaremos en contacto nos vemos en la proxima compra

This is a great phone it even looks sexy. I am currently in Egypt and working on it perfect. It is a sexy and a perfect phone.But if you buy this phone and really love being a bb user buy and extra battery and carry it around, you wont regret.

it nice to use. but it looked a little old, don't have some quality proble, not like a new one.

The phone arrived right on time and came in the condition described by the seller. The one minor issue was that the volume button on the site is stuck and needs to be fixed in order to adjust the ring/speaker volume.

Ever since i started using this phone last couple of weeks, its been one woe or the other. up till now i cannot validate my enterprise emails, that means i can't enjoy the main reason i bought a blacberry. My local service provider has tried to support me but to no avail. Another annoying glitch is that it keeps encountering JVM error 545. this error shuts down your phone until you upgrade from your computer. The phones general operation is tacky and feable. I am generally disappointed with the performance.regards,

Even though lacks of app, it is good for me~~ blackberry 9900 is very pretty. But internet speed is too slow.and battery perish for 2 week

I love it!

On March 12,2013 after trying to order 2 BlackBerry Bold 9900 Unlocked Phones I ran into some problems with Hendin Tech, my first order was lost by FedEx which Hendin Tech reported that they would re-ship me two more phones asap. I never received them and after contacting customer service via email, I received a phone call from the shipping manager stating he will look into the matter.I received an email from the &#34;Owner&#34; of Hendin Tech apologizing for the inconvenience of this incident, after another week past and no order was received I requested a full refund.  After their investigation it turned out not to be Hendin Tech's fault at all but, it was &#34;Custom Agent&#34;.This by far was the best customer service I have ever received from any company with the communication being timely and clear. I will do business with Hendin Tech in the near future.D. Gilbert

the phone is a very good phone just that stay long to ship and the chargers that comes with the phone wasn't charging the phone but other wise than that i love the phone thank you

Meet the expected standard, I was very happy with the purchase. The phone was shipped overseas with an intention of shipping it back if it does not work as expected. fortunately enough it worked as advertised. Both ends happy everyone happy.

very well very satisfactory purchase everything concrete quickly and effectively 100% reliable grateful for all I worked wonderfully with movilnet gracias

The trasaction was done OK , it came on time and work fine. It was the article that I want it.

I purchased this phone for my husband who was still using the Razor flip phone.  He is a little technology challenged, so I wanted a full raised keyboard for texting, plus introducing him to a touch screen.  He really likes it.  Next step is to show him how to use the internet.  T-mobile is our provider so no problems with any of the applications.  Thank you.

So I got this thing just because I'm a blackberry fan, It just looked great and feel great when I tried it at the blackberry world.  Now that I bought it I must say I'm very dissapointed with battery life, whoever says other way is either not a heavy user, not a previous blackberry owner or is very easy pleased.  Why would you go with higher processor, touchscreen, and all the upgrades and placed a smaller battery in there???? going back to my old torch. Stay away from this Blackberry model, if not I could sell you mine ;)

Still not sure about migrating to a new BB10 phone, but still wating to upgrade to something, fast, reliable and TOUCHSCREEN AAAANNDDD Physical keyboard??. well, let me tell you that the Bold 9900 is the first ever 1GB ram phone blackberry makes and is the best of all the physical keyboard model because of its size. sometimes yeah i have to say it, it lags a bit when looses signal of the carrier but other than that. i would give it a solid 4 star.

I purchased 2 of these phones at the end of June 2012 and they came locked even though there were supposed to be unlocked! I gave feedback on the seller (transformersandgsmphones) and they immediately contacted me and had the phones unlocked...fine.By the middle of October BOTH of the phones stopped working. I contacted the seller and there was absolutely NO recourse! I purchased the phones from them and they would have me know that in order to have the phones repaired/replaced, I would have to contact Blackberry Canada. I DID NOT PURCHASE THESE PHONES FROM BLACKBERRY CANADA and I said as much and the seller has totally ignored my emails.TRANSFORMERS AND GSM PHONES are very unprofessional and fraudulent. I WILL NEVER GIVE SPEND ANOTHER CENT WITH THEM!Buyers BEWARE. Do not give your hard earned money to them. I am stuck with two phones not working and I have lost over $800. BUYERS BEWARE OF THE SELLER "TRANSFORMERS AND GSM PHONES"!!!!!

The battery is dead. It must buy new one again! It is very bad to get this phone and send to the friend as the gift.

i am a geek by nature android windows ios i have tried them all and love them all. this phone is very simple to operate so it is user friendly and very powerful i get any where from sixty to a hundred emails everyday and this phone is able to handle it battery will last for ten hours which is good for the amount of usage it gets . Will send a next update once i have used it for a month.

Many problems with this phone, the battery is just enough to last till noon, then you have to keep charging the phone to last for the rest of the day. Problems with software, the menu shuts down, etc,etc. I dont recommend it!

It is a very nice and useful phone, nice design and comes with a lot of accessories. To bad you can not use skype on it.

I'm not going into the full details of this phone as its already been done by the guy who rated it 5 stars. I didn't buy this phone from Amazon's website.I bought this Bold Touch 9900 for my uncle in December 2012. He wanted touch screen, wi-fi capable, qwerty keypad, 5MP camera with flash(very important), BLACKBERRY. This was the result.Seemingly there's a company out there selling refurbished phones and repackaging them with shrink-wrap and calling it NEW. I paid some $420 for this phone only to have it arrive with a cracked back case. The phone had scuffs and was clearly not brand new. My uncle later complained that the camera quality was bad. I thought "Oh no, the refurbishing people swapped out the camera for a lame one", but that's not the case.You'd take it for granted that a phone sporting 5MP with flash and a price tag of $420 would have a decent camera right? WRONG! I couldn't believe my eyes. Pictures taken in broad daylight under the shining sun look as grainy as low light night pics and its no fault of the people who refurbished it.I was checking GSMARENA.COM for a camera quality comparison today. The website feature to check camera quality showed how horribly grainy it is. What's even more shameful is that in December 2011 I paid around $150 for a Xperia X8 with a 3.2MP camera whose picture quality is worlds better than this $420 phone. I really don't understand how people rave about the quality of this phone's pics. Its right down there there with the quality of the Nokia C1-01's 640x480 resolution camera.I'd recommend to anyone else to do full research before buying a phone and to avoid the refurbished rubbish in a box, buy from a reputable company like AmazonLLC; they've never let me down.

This phone was sold as a new unlocked phone .From the time i received this phone it appeared used the plastic cover had many scratches and the phone was sent in a piece of card stapled together with no manual remember this is supposed to be a new phone where is the box whih would have been part of the packaging of the new item .This phone was not unlocked which is the first breach of sale agreement and i had to communicate with seller to find out at least if ther was a code to unlock the phone a code was sent but the unlock process failed.My early communication i also indicated to the seller that the phone had on sms messages he indicated to me that that was done to see if the phone was working lol what a joke. When i took this phone to a cell shop with the instructions provided from the seller i was told that five calls was made on the phone one as far as Africa from the area codes seen on communicating this information i was told by the seller mthat it was impossible to know if any calls were made lol another joke they were made and also two bbm messages.I was receiving prompt communication from seller untill i indicated my intention of returning this phone . I am sure a full refund of my 288.47 is in order i was sold a product that was 1 NOT UNLOCKED 2 USED 3 DEFECTIVE

The perfect phone for my needs. works perfectly in Venezuela with companies and current working conditions. Battery pays enough to make calls and daily activities

My daugther choosed this phone for her, it works just fine right out of the box shipped on time, was a great christmas gift for her

So firstly about the product. This blackberry is so much fun to use, great OS and friendly interface. Of course the blackberry trademark qwerty keyboard and trackball are the usp. Cons are the touchscreen and the battery. I was fully aware of the limited battery life, but since its compensated for by the slim size, I feel its a decent tradeoff. Just need to remember to charge it pretty regularly and have bought a couple of extra chargers to keep at all places at all times. The touchscreen is not very intuitive and a little difficult to use if you have big fingers and of course doesn't compare to the apple experience, but the awesome trackpad helps out a lot. All in all a great device and I received it exactly as advertised by Worldwide Distributors. Its an unlocked AT&T phone which I received and if you are a t-mobile user you will not be able to use 3G. In case you are buying this, it would help if you contact the seller and ask them for the specific one (tmob/atnt) that you want. For me AT&T works just fine, guess I got lucky because I had not intimated the seller during my purchase. 5 stars for the bb 9900 \m/

I paid A LOT of money for this phone expecting a NEW, unlocked phone only to receive an opened, scratched, UN-usable phone! Not to mention that I thought this phone wasn't "branded" in any way with any cell phone providers only to see that the box is from T-Mobile. I tried using it with my existing SIM card (which isn't T-Mobile) and what do you know, it doesn't work .. AT ALL! I'm greatly upset with this service. Don't advertise your product as NEW, if you're just going to send me a opened box with a already used phone! I paid for this product in hopes of receiving a NEW unused hand phone not whatever you sent me.

I already have my 3rd blackberry but it all freezes at some pointBut still hoping for a good blackberry

i bought 3 blackberry 2 is ok ,,,,, I received the  one  broken when i tried to contact with somebody can't hear my sound .how can you help me in this problem ,,,?????????????

think they should have never abandoned this type, love this unit. Seems the perfect combo of all, just put OS10 on it and it would be perfect

This Black Berry shuts down unexpectedly .I didn't expect that from a 320 USD phone.As it was a gift I did not have time to return it

I love it. It is exactly what I expected and it looks beautiful. Next time I have to make sure that I get the phone case that goes with it.

It is either not unlocked, or doesnt work with T-Mobile... I received it, perfect condition and everything but it wont accept my simcard... So... not unlocked as it is stated. Also it is a 9930, not a 9900..........

I ordered the Blackberry Bold 9900 and I received a different phone. When I realized the date for return already passed.

Excellent product at a rigth Price. A lot  features with a touch screen and the benefit of a query pad.

The phone charging unit seems to have a short as it dont charge you constantly have to be checking the phone to see if it is. The option to cancel the seller not available no more.This was a bad purchase from get go, shipping was late and now phone dont work properly,

la tapa de la bateria me llego partida y rayada,y no me mandaron la factura de compra el cual estoy muy molesto y tube que cancelar 1000 bsf en el inpuesto

Apparently it was faulty... as I had a BlackBerry Bold 9900 previously and loved it. However the one I got from Amazon was nearly unusable.. the AT&T; people could not get it to work properly either. I turned it in (exchanged) to AT&T; for another new mobile phone and they allowed me $100 for it... Sooo I felt like I lost $190 in the whole process.Regretted the purchase from Amazon.

the phone  is  refurbish  ,i am regret  in buying  from you ,people  complain  about it  .i really dislike  it .

I used this phone over a year ago and loved it. The keyboard is the best ever on a cell phone, nothing comes better than this. However, I moved to Android, but I still miss the lovely keyboard that this phone had.

Got to my hands with no problems and it's working just fine. Got to my hands very fast and the price was good for an unlocked unit.

Es un telefono muy completo. No tiene fallas, los mails bajan a velocidades asombrosas. Es el celular ideal para trabajar. No lo uso para juegos. La bateria dura un dia entero con todas las funciones encendidas. Todos los smartphones tienen el mismo problema de bateria, no importando cual sea la marca. Realmente excelente celular y muy veloz. Lo recomiendo

excellent product meets my expectations 100% regarding your performance is even at a good price and is quite handy recommend

excelente producto, la unica novedad es que el PIN que aparece en la caja (3308EFCC) no coincide con el que realmente tiene el equipo, el IMEI de la caja y el telefono si es el mismo

First of all, let me start by saying the cellphone is somewhat good if you get exactly what you are looking for.Let me get to my story, first of all I started by sending an email to &#34;Ross Cellular&#34; which by the time I bought it, their items were Fulfilled by Amazon, anyway on the email I asked clearly enough if the cellphone was NEW, they said yes, and it was nothing but a total scam, the cellphone was clearly used, for crying out loud, you could even see all the scratches from previous owners. Either way, the next thing I left perfectly clear to the buyer was that I needed my cellphone to work on AT&T; 3G+ kind of networks, they assured me it did... What was my second surprise when I start the phone? The darn thing was a T-Mobile branded cellphone, meaning I'm stuck with EDGE in places where I don't have WIFI coverage, and not to mention the signal reception on this thing is TERRIBLE... your signal ends up dropping everywhere you go with medium to low reception, you'll get familiar with the SOS sign on the screen, if you know what I mean.Now back on topic, the cellphone is pretty nice, I'm specially digging the fact that you can have a DUAL-EXPERIENCE (physical keyboard and touch screen). In my own personal case I use it as a secondary cellphone (main is a Samsung Galaxy S4) Though if you are using it as a main cellphone I would recommend getting something with a better value for your money, honestly you are better off with anything else out there on the market.If you plan on buying this cellphone anyway, make extremely sure you don't get it from &#34;Ross Cellular&#34; as they are nothing but a rip off.

Blackberry 9930 Blackberry Bold Touch 9930Definitely the best BlackBerry I have used since 2002 - previously 3 physical keyboard models, and a Storm I and II.  The oldest models were a little too wide; another had keys too close together; and the two Storms were difficult to type on one-handed while walking (offset with the use of Dragon voice).The screen is beautiful and clear, but most news websites are difficult to read without using the zoom feature; and that means more touching to read side-to-side.  I have a BB Playbook, so the website connections are typically handled on that device.  Email and apps work and view perfectly, however.I have downloaded a lot of apps that I find useful, and I am a heavy user of the phone during the day.  So far, the processor and memory have been great and handled the load, and  I have not experienced any crashes or delays in screen turnover.  The Bridge feature, used with the Playbook, has also been great, as the phone can be used as a touchpad and keyboard, which is very handy on train / plane commuting.All of my calls have been clear and reception has been excellent.The ONLY downside is that the battery completely drains before the end of a workday (with bluetooth and wireless active).  Accordingly, I carry an extra battery and a battery charger (7800 mAh), which is more than adequate to get through a day, and the charger covers extended travel by plane for all of my devices.  In an office setting, I would recommend an extra charger to prepare the phone for the evening commute.

I have been a die-hard BlackBerry fan since day one, but this "flagship" phone broke my confidence and I made the switch to Android, and never looked back. It is not a bad phone, but one single glance at what the competition has to offer makes this phone a total non-contender in the smart phone world of today.PROS:-The best tactile keyboard ever seen on a smart phone. Typing is absolutely effortless at a speed and error rate no touchscreen can match.-Legendary BlackBerry durability and construction.-Touchscreen functionality is a plus, though use is somewhat limited given the small screen size.-Sleek design; the phone looks good in your hand.CONS:-Poor battery life.-Absolutely horrible camera. For a flagship phone, this is completely unacceptable. Lack of autofocus aside, the image quality even under the best of circumstances is sub-par.-Lags in App functionality and availability compared to Apple, Android and WinMo. Offers a lot less for the money.

This device is excellent. The browser is fast, the apps are fast, everything is fast!I really enjoy how quickly the apps load and run.

Product with many defects, atrial bad bands unusable for my carrier (not specified in the product description). not filled at all my expectations.

The team did not work in Venezuela, I have six months trying to make it connected to a mobile service and all the technicians say the phone is re-powered. What a disappointment because I thought it would make a new computer, so I feel cheated(El equipo no funciono en Venezuela, tengo seis meses tratando de que sea conectado a un servicio de telefon&iacute;a m&oacute;vil y todos los t&eacute;cnicos dicen que el tel&eacute;fono es re-potenciado. Que gran decepci&oacute;n porque cre&iacute;a que iba hacer un equipo nuevo, por lo que me siento estafado)

I'm on my forth BB, the last one being the Bold 9700 from At&T.; I was very happy with my Bold 9700 until I dropped it down a flight of stairs on the way to an airplane flight. So I went over to the local ATT store to get a new Bold 9700. No luck, they no longer sell the 9700 but they did have the 9900. I wasn't completely crazy about the size of the 9900, but I use BBM for work so I decided to go for the 9900 (the only other choice at ATT was the Torch, which is WAY too big). I'll get a hundred BBMs a day from my colleagues around the world (I work in an international sales team). And I use AT&T; because I do a lot of business travel and its nice to get BBM when I'm in Singapore or Taiwan.I've had the 9900 for about a month now and I think it is the best BB yet. First of all, I love the screen. It is very bright, the icons are very sharp and when I take pictures with the 9900, they pictures look great on the screen. Next, the touchscreen is easy to use. I spent a few days getting my favorite applications in the 'Favorites' folder so that I don't need to go to the 'All' folder anymore. And the new 'Search' feature is much easier to use than Search on the 9700. I have always used the 'Search' feature on my BBs (searching for something in the body of an e-mail message on my BB has always been faster than my desktop computer), but the way Search is implemented on the 9900 is much better.Next, the browser actually works. On my Bold 9700, I would get errors on many web pages but I have not seen this on the 9900. Last, the keyboard has a very nice sculpted feel to it. I like the 9900 keyboard better then the 9700 keyboard.I like to compare the BB to the iPhone. My wife has an iPhone 4, which she has had for about three months. When she needed a new phone and we went to an ATT store, the girl at the store sold her on the iPhone 4 by saying "it will change your life". It has not changed her life but she does like the iPhone. But she has a very tough time typing text messages on her iPhone, which is very frustrating for her. I think the screen on the BB 9900 is sharper than the iPhone 4 (but this might be due to the screen protector in the iPhone 4 which makes the screen a bit fuzzy). She has not installed many apps, but she has installed the weather app which she uses often. My favorite apps for my BB are gwabbit and Bloomberg. Gwabbit automatically makes entries in Contacts if it detects a well formatted signature on an e-mail.Bottom line: if you need a Blackberry and you can't get a 9700, go for the 9900. The touch screen is easy to use, the screen is very sharp, the new Search feature is great and the browser works well.  I would have given this review 5 stars except that the size of the 9900 is a little bigger than my old favorite, the BB 9700.

When I got the phone it has no carrier branding, though the box was from rogers, it has no problems so far. My battery usually last around up to 10 hours or more depending on my use. Awesome phone to have especially if you have a Blackberry PlayBook.

very satisfied with the product received, although I came Imei number assigned to another here in Venezuela and I bring the box, bill and movistar team to investigate, thanks

Stable, fast, light, practical. The best blackberry ever!. The touch screen is very practical and very comfortable for use. I recommend it!.

buy 2 phones and one is giving problems and the other is completely damage and no one responds. not as I do to respond

Excellent phone, I am using it in Mexico and had no problem with the chip.The service was perfect, it arrived in three days.

This is great bold. New working fine. The only issue I have so far is restoring my address book from my laptop black berry device back up file of my old curve 8650 wt metropcs. The address book data is deam and only meant for read only. The seller has a very good customer relationship.

This is my 4th blackberry and by far the worse I've had. Battery is a joke, heavy users like me will have to charge at least two more times a day.When trying to use the phone, sometimes it works sometimes it takes a while, sometimes it just does'nt work.It freezes most of the time, and the touchscreen that I found really user firendly in my torch is better in this one, that is when it works. Most of the time you have to wait a while when you tap it, and when the phone freezes there is nothing you can do.I have to say the overall package is pretty neat, the keyboard is the best y have used but I need a WORKING PHONE not a pretty one.Im seriosly thinking in going all the way back to my second one, BB 9000.I really think RIM is to desperate to lauch new products and they dont take time in trying this things first.This IS certainly mi last blackberry, bye bye RIM.The star is for the nice package and the easy to use keyboard.UPDATE 26-09-2013Sideloaded a couple of apps that are imprerative to have: Skype and google maps. Otherwise you have to pay for a not so good google map app.Got used to everything else and must say the message center is much better than android, this is a phone made to work and not play.Keyboard is much better than android but android has easy 10 times more apps that this unit and much more screen, backgroud, custmoization options.Will upgrade to 4 stars because it does what it is meant to do: work as a business phone; it still crashes like previos BB but not as frecuent as the others.

Like the phone for 3 years, finally in the amazon to find him! Although there is only one charger ~Machine is very new, is that there is no accessories! There is only one charger, I bought a piece of battery, not to do not know what reason do not boot, but it doesn't matter, I decided to fix it yourself!

It's on time and is a good product  it 's cover my requeriments and good presentation and good price too

They sent me a phone that already had water damage... this is ridiculous. How is it possible that after so much money for an unlocked phone they send you a broken one. Be careful with this company.

Huge Mobile Mr Talal this mobile is huge. Great & hardware is very interesting with the Software  SO 7. Thanks

it's not new, is refurbished, is not unlocked, has the pin blocked. don't lose your time with Wireless Experts, Inc

After using it for one month, the product brick itself.i use blackberry support, and they didnt find a way to unbrick, they told me that its a problem with the OS.when i ask for the warrant y they told me that i cant ask for warranty since im a end user, and the warranty should only be asked by the seller, wich in this case havent done.so if you want to spend $600 usd in a phone that probably wont do anything at all, you should buy this.

this phone actually turns on and off automatically and i have to rest it every time sometimes it gets stuck and i have to remove the battery other then that it is good

Avoid buying phone that are produce in Mexico. the hard drives are not any good and they suddenly went dead.

Aftert two weeks with the 9900 I returned it this morning. I got sick and tired of the cursor having a mind of its own and flying all over the place. A little research last night indicates this is a common problem with "Made in Mexico 4" models.Blackberry has lost me forever as a customer.  I will get another non-Blackberry phone within the next few days.  It has also lost two continuing long term customers who were waiting on my review, which I gave them last night.  "Thumbs down.  Get something else."At a time when Blackberry is almost dead from the competition, Blackberry just pissed away loyal customers.  I don't expect them to even be around in 3-years.

The phone came in the expected time, with all its complete accessories, but even if only a short time of use have been problems with the battery and sometimes is very slow and gets stuck.

DEar Amazon team,the Blackberry Q10  which I have ordered is damaged. I tried using the device today for the first time but my agent who is in Dubai confirmed the phone is damaged, cannot be used. also came to know that there is no International warranty as well.only option is for me to return it back to you and to debit the amount to my account. i am frustrated and worried the huge amount that i spent on this. I have ordered many more items they were good so far.check and let me know whats the possibility to return the phone an I DO NOT WANT TO PAY ANY EXPORT CHARGES FROM DUBAI TO US. thank you

Its cool that this product is getting cheapter because the official release is on the 31 of August so in September the price will drop to 600 dollars unlocked. :D Thats when I pretend to buy it.

It's my first time to buy a cellphone in Amercian amazon, when it was posted to me in China, the keyboard had sticked up for being impaced, fortunately, this does not influence its use. In addition, to my surprise, there is not origin screen protector cover, and not origin leather swivel holster in the accessroies, which are very different in chinese market of this type of cellpone.

It would have been nice to know that the unlocked phone was branded as T Mobile. Any other branded phone would have worked for me, but not T Mobile, as is NOT compatible with 3G service in the network I am using.

The phone worked okay for the first 3 months. Then, after a full 7 hour charging, it turned to a piece brick; it stopped working totally! No one can turn the power on, the phone just simply became dead! I went to the T-Mobile store, they couldn't do anything either! Searched online, found an article saying that is a serious problem with Blackberry Bold, no solution found yet.

There is no problem with this product

I brought these phone because I love blackberry phonnes for the great job they do. Most blackberry work or should say out do any phones I have had. My friends has bought blackberry to use. But these phone is very bad for the internet uses. You cannot get on the in internet easy or stay on.For all the other no problem. Its fast easy to use. You can't find serves easy on the phone even when you are close to a troller. Thats why I say be careful. I went to New York for work the phone was great my friend had to use the phone for hers was giving her trouble. But I don't live in a large city and the phone has given me some trouble. But for most over I'll stay with a blackberry.

I ordered this and did indeed receive a 9900 that works on AT&T;'s 3G bands.  It was directly from Amazon.com and not a third party.This is by far the best BlackBerry hardware I've ever used and I've used many of them.  The processor is very fast, the keyboard is excellent and the screen very bright and crisp.  The touchscreen is very accurate and registers touch quickly.  The major issues I have is that the battery life is not all that great for a BlackBerry but more comparable to an iPhone 3GS.  I can barely make it through a busy day with it but have bought an extra battery to solve this issue.  There are still a few other bugs that I'm sure will be worked out through the software updates like things freezing up on occasion or the camera randomly opening up.  I've had a few random reboots as well.  I still am overall very happy I made the purchase and upgraded from a 9780.  The device is very stable when I am just using the core features and the few reboots I've had have occurred while using third party apps.

i give this rating because the blackberry is  not unlock , as it  was advertise and it cost me more money after buying a unlock phone .i should be refund some money for this transaction

I have bought it in september. It has been lest than 6months,but i already have problems with the keyboard!the phone itself crashes very often,though i have only 2 applications in use and 8gb memory card!i guess it is final era for blackberry

Even though lacks of app, it is good for me~~ blackberry 9900 is very pretty. But internet speed is too slow.
