
My son jumped in a pool with original phone, this was a replacement. Phone in great condition and works great, not so much for the battery though! Wouldn't hold a charge.

I have no complaints about my phone. It was exactly as expected. This phone is a replacement of my other Pantech Ease that I had for 3+ years. I probably wouldn't have replaced it if I hadn't dropped my old Pantech Ease in to my cup of coffee. :(

The only complaint I have is the keyboard is kinda hard to text on, and the case it came with was flimsy. The rest is good, decent camera for a phone, good service, long battery life if you keep the brightness down. Pretty durable and stylish.

I got this AT&T phone for my parents who are in their 70s and were very "afraid" of having a cell phone, BUT my mom loves this phone and is texting and making calls with ease.  I'm very proud of her and very happy that AT&T made a phone that was easier to use for people afraid of technology :)

My husband and I both purchased the Pantech Ease to replace our aging cell phones - without having to 'upgrade' with the carrier.  We like having the keyboard and the rest of the phone programs are simple enough for us older folks to use! Sometimes the touch screen can be unresponsive - therefore the 4 rating.

big keys , easy to text, good speaker phone, lightweight, battery life is good, charges quickly,compact and easy to use

I am not am Iphone person so I wanted a new from AT&T when my phone broke. I had this phone and really liked it but they do not carry it anymore. The one they have in there stores is a piece of garbage. The price from this seller was great as far as I am concerned. I am very happy they had it I am thinking of getting another just in case I break this one.

I bought this phone because it is in the UNLOCKED phones category. This is a mistake. The phone comes LOCKED to AT&T.;Here's how to unlock the phone:1) Fill out AT&T;'s unlock request forms[...]2) Wait for an automated email from AT&T.; The email contains a Request Number, write this down3) Amazon should have sent you an email receipt confirming your order. Save this email as a PDF file4) Send an email to deviceunlockreceipt@att.comThis email must contain your request number from step 2, the IMEI number of this phone (15 digits long, on the phone under the battery), and attached to the email should be the pdf file of the amazon receipt.6) AT&T; will reply with a 10 digit unlock code for the phone. Follow the GUI steps on the phone to unlock it

I purchased the phone 1 month ago. For the 2 weeks it worked great.. Now it shuts itself off for no reason. It is just sitting on the table and an hour can go by and it shuts down. It also shuts down when you close the keyboard. I like the aspects of the phone, but when you are waiting for an important message or a call and dont realize the phone is off, it is annoying. This is my second pantech phone.. and it will be my last...Dont buy it...

When my first phone after 2 years of use was on my belt when I fell in a creek.I dried it and used it for another year and when it failed I replaced it with this same phone.I bought it used throught Amazone and am very pleased with the phone and service.

I bought this phone to replace one of the same model that got destroyed. Popped in my SIM card and everything worked just as it should. No problems with phone, material, or sender. Very happy with purchase.

I've been a smartphone user for years, started with the iPhone 3G and landed on the Samsung Galaxy Note SGH-i717 and I've used many phones in between. I finally got sick of intrusive apps, data plans and being connected to all things all of the time. I am going to sell the Samsung Note, dump my data plan, and stick with this basic texting phone. It's not perfect, and has its quirks, but it performs better than most I've tried in this range. The keyboard is easy and travels well, the 3G powered Mobile Web is faster than I expected, it has threaded messaging, the touch screen is more responsive than the Pantech Laser, the call quality is satisfactory and there are many convenient features (Quick Contacts, Inbox, Voice Recognition, etc.). Additionally, the Easy mode is in fact, easy. My only gripe is that there is no threaded messaging in this mode, which is odd because it is easier to track conversations within a threaded view. The phone does not have a 3.5mm jack and relies upon the micro usb port to serve double duty(you'll need to find an adapter). Access to apps, games, ringtones, etc. is just silly, so you may not want to waste your time. The music player is fine, as far as it goes and I was surprised to see an equalizer. If you're looking for a basic, no data plan, qwerty messaging phone, this is a great alternative. If you're looking for a cheap smart phone, exit stage left. I got this phone on eBay for $57 with free shipping and I'm happy so far.

While I liked the ease of it. (It offers two modes, one for advanced users and one for people like me who just want the basics) The touch screen is far too sensitive. While on the phone my face constantly pushes buttons. It has put people on hold more times than I can count, put people on hold and dialed my first contact, even delete contacts. Once it even assigned a random photo to one of my contacts. Holding the phone slightly away from my face so it doesn't touch the screen doesn't help. The screen is so sensitive that even &#34;hovering&#34; over it will push buttons. I liked the qwerty keyboard and the simplicity of it, but it just wasn't worth it. After having it for a short while I bought a new phone and this one sits in a drawer unused.  I ended up with an Apple iPhone 4S. I thought it would be too complicated, but it is very intuitive and user friendly. This one was cheap, but a waste of money.

The service was quick, but the one problem is that the Pantech P2020 phone has  a scratch on front glass.

I like the phone, but I've had to charge the battery every 12 hours.  What's up with that? This is supposed to be a new phone. I'm going to check for warranty info.

It is taking some getting used to because I have not had a fancy phone before.  The clarity of the calls is an improvement over my old phone.  I have not figured out how to have the phone ring and vibrate, but I am sure if I spend more time fiddling with the phone I will learn how to use all of it's features.

We ordered this phone for our 13 year old. Works wonderfully. I did not want to get him a phone that had internet access or required a data package. Very easy to use and text on.

Had the phone for two day, it worked ok, after the second day the phone would not charge.  Got a new battery, but it was not that.  I was told that the phone was no good.  Went to Wal-mart and bought me a $20. phone,  that I have been happy with .  I learned my lesson the hard way!

this phone has a micro sd slot and sim card slot, put ringtones on ur micros sd then transfer them to the phone and have ringtones for free since this phone does not have android os. sorry no wifi either! love it for txt messaging because u get the touchscreen but the old school large full keyboard slide out making it very easy and fast txts. everytime ur screen turns on for going to sleep the picture is different. has facebook app and myspace app ready to go preinstalled. i wanted a phone that is touchscreen with a keyboard pad and i got more then i want. con- could have been bigger phone. its abouth the size of a chocolate lg phone

I switched from Verizon to AT&T; and thought the Pantech Ease would be similar to my beloved LG Voyager (VX10000) I used on Verizon.  I should have searched longer before deciding on Pantech Ease.  The phone is sturdy and has a nice keyboard for texting.  Sound quality is okay, touch screen very responsive. Gave it two stars for that.Now the bad.  In advanced mode its not that easy to use.  I find the much higher end smart phone easier to use.  Many features are hidden in the menus.  I had to consult some cell phone geeks to show me how to access them.  Such as viewing pics stored on the SD card. Doesn't want to stay on the home screen for some reason and it changes fonts on it own. The camera is useless because of the lag in the shutter.  Unless your subject holds still for a couple of seconds you will have a blurry shot.  I Have missed several calls because the phone does not ring (goes to voice mail) and text alerts do not sound half the time, resetting everything did not help. Many sending "errors" with texts on this phone as well.  Alarms only work half the time and volume turns off by itself.Battery life on this phone is far worse than any phone on the market. Even on a full charge if you are on a call for more than 5 minutes (my usual talk time) it will drain the battery to nothing (even on "easy mode").  I put a brand new battery in but that did not improve talk time by much.  Even on standby it seems to discharge very quickly.  I do not have any apps running and nothing else turned on.  Can't comment on internet browsing, I never use it.My phone may be defective as other reviewers are happy with theirs.  I've had it with this phone.

It is by far the best non smart phone I have ever had. As we get older our eyesight gets worse. With the large key pad and huge fonts, fits me perfect. Strongly recommend.

This was actually our son's second Pantech Ease after he lost the first. Going with another Ease was an easy decision. It's a great phone, easy to use, has lots of features at a low price. This is a good option if you are looking for something a little more than basic, but not a smart phone.It's so simple that even a six-year-old figured out how to use it on her own.

I bought cell phone as a gift for my younger sister. I didn't know it was so hard to look for a decent text messaging dumb phone. Other text messaging phones I researched were utter crap having random issues with the OS, camera, or battery life. This Pantech was the best out of them. It had a decent camera that might be a bit slow but took relatively sharp pictures. The phone also felt solid and my sister hasn't complained to me about any bugs. The only downside I saw was that it didn't have a 3.5 mm audio jack so I ended up spending more money on a headphones that had a mini USB plug. But as I said its hard to find a good dumb phone and this was the best I could find at a reasonable price.

I have never loved a phone untl this one. It has an easy mode and very largeprint. Everyone  show it to wants one....but I don't have a data plan which I lkenot havn the extra expense on the bill......You wont be sorry if you purchase.

This phone would often not make phone calls or send/recieve texts no matter where in the country I was; weather it be in a big city, in the rural farms or the Dakotas, the high mountaintops of the Rockies, the deep valleys of Arizona, on dry land, or sailing the waters with my one true love; a large fish.It would also frequently shut down at random. That caused a real problem. Once I was being attacked by a greedy pedestrian who wanted my Chicago-style hot dog while I was visiting Chicago. I found this strange, and thought he was making more of a fuss than he needed to over my dog, but I was hungry, and my hunger needed to be fulfilled. I attempted to defend myself, but sadly, am a feeble feeble young man. My next option was to call my parents, the police, and then my high school sweetheart (in that order) BUT ALAS, the phone decided to shut off. I could have died if it wasn't for phones sturdiness, which I quickly used to bounce off of the attackers head.I then ate my hotdog.Sometimes it would make strange noises.Sometimes it would not.For a moment, I thought that my phone might be haunted..Then I realized that was a silly thought, and that the phone was just awful.

I love this phone! It's deffinatly sturdy. Tons of awesome cases to choose from, here on amazon. I would reccomend this phone to anyone. :)

This phone has had more problems than any phone I have ever owned.  It drops calls, drains the battery (because it keeps turning on the screen even when it is just sitting and charging).  Charge all night and it gets extremely hot because it turns itself on.  AT&T replaced 2 batteries and fiddled with the phone several times and the personnel in 3 different stores had no clue.  I have had Motorola and Samsung phones for years with no problems so Pantech is not on my list of phones to purchase.

The phone has many fine features, like regular or advanced mode.  However, four days into using phone, the screen shattered upon hitting the floor.  But after only four days usage, I was already looking to replace as it was not very comfortable phone to carry around.

My only issues: battery is not full.  Not good starting like this. Plus the one issue I had with my last one exists on this one too.  I prefer the larger font. Using the larger font makes the light stay on and it will wear the battery down really fast.  Bummer. I don't want to use the small font either. That's why I got the phone to begin with. Glitch. Otherwise phone was brand new, in the package, and I received it timely.

This phone is terrible. Nobody deserves to have It. I can't even send a message inside my house with full bars. Also it takes it takes weeks to load the internet

Got the phone and it looked brand new and worked for a few days. When it was time to charge it, the phone never came back on. It got stuck in the loading up page or just showed a low battery. I have this phone already and love it. That's why I bought it for my daughter. Hopefully just a one time thing.

After going through 5 phones for my mother who constantly got frustrated because they were too difficult to deal with I found her this gem! It has a great camera, she can see the numbers, she loves that she can see the pictures on the full screen and can text with ease.  I highly recommend this phone for the not so saavy tech people.

Very easy to use right out of the box.For an none smart phone its has lots of features that can be turned on or off.Nice size and easy to hold while text.Bought for my wife and she love it!

Thanks, this is perfect for me

This phone is terrible! Mine glitches all the time ex. I select a person to send a text to and the phone will send the text to someone completely different that isnt even close to the person I selected. The camera sucks on this phone it has lots of lag and the pictures are very grainy. Call quality is horrible most of the time I can barely understand what the person on the other end is saying. The phone is very bulky which could be a plus for some but for me its a negative. The only good thing about this phone is it is practically indestructable.

I'm not sure what was wrong with this unit, but its memory was almost completely full, and I wasn't able to delete anything to make more space. AT&T said I needed a memory card, which fixed the problem. Everything works OK now.

This purchase was to replace the same product. It had been discomtinued by AT&T.  The replacement they had was inferior.

I replaced my old phone same Pantech Ease.  Ease says it all.If you want a smart phone that's not complicated.  This is the one.I'd especially recommend this phone for baby boomers.  The price is really a steal.

Phone would not charge. Had to put the battery in another phone to charge it. Would not recommend this phone.

I bought this for my 13 year old daughter and it is perfect. She would rather have an I phone but I feel she is  too young for one and this phone is the perfect alternative.

My daughter loves the phone and at 10 years old, exactly what she needs.  A great tool to stay connected and keep in touch.  Easy to use too.

This a great little phone for texting.

I bought this phone according to THE REVIEWS.  Not sure if the reviews are phonies!  I did miss one or two important notes.  My phone too did not work properly.  I thought I could resolve the issue.  I mean who would purposely sell a phone that would not work?  So AT&T said, 'nope' it should work call the seller, Phone USA said, 'nope' call Amazon, Amazon said, 'nope' call Pantech.  So I was unable to resolve the issue.  I just wanted for the phone to work.  It looks like a great buy.  But what good is a great buy that doesn't work and no one will support the device, not even the sellers?!  Oh, well, good luck to you all!

After getting the second phone all was well . First phone did not hold charge I was unhappy when I returned it stuck with fees to ship it back .

The Pantech Ease is a quick messaging phone. With a large, high-contrast, 3.2" touchscreen, user-friendly streamlined menus, roomy, full QWERTY keyboard, and 2MP camera. A Quick Contact key lets you quickly call or text your top 3 contacts or access voicemail. You can also make calls, address text massages or open programs with your voice with Say A Command. Clear calling experience plus easy access to messaging, web, email, turn-by-turn driving directions, and more!

I got my Pantech Ease and I love it already it lets me know who is texting and calling and this is the best Phone I ever owned and it wasn't hard to figure out being a non smart Phone but it doesn't support all pictures but I got most of them and I put the other ones back on my Memory Card but over all I love this great Phone and I would get another one.

Phones were refurbished when they supposed to be new and was not able to received and send calls.  Worst of all I had already send them oversee and could not returned them.

This is one of the best cell phones I've ever owed. The functions and features are easy to use and works preferably well for individuals whose eyes/vision are either slightly or advance dim. The only con is the battery used which goes by very quickly but other than that is a great phone to have. The keyboard and texting is easy and comfortable but overall this phone is great!

This phone is great for those who don't want or need a smart phone. It is one of the very few phones which can be configured to a simple input format with no distracting icons that don't get used. Get one before they are all gone!

This was a replacement for my old one that took a dive into the toilet.  It is simple, Easy to use like its name &#34;Ease&#34;A little heavy, but I love it!
