
The condition for the used phone exceeded my expectations.  Very impressed!  I will be buying from again when i need another phone.

I have phone a year it good the phone has went downstairs landing on hardwood flooring it hit on a side of a brick and its suited me but now it's dieing on me I got this phone used one of the first phone used phone I got off the web I got a lot of handmydowns from over my side of the family the only problems I'm having is because it dieing on me an when I dail 1 area code then phone number it takes a little bit to call out it stared doing that resently I'm update my phone soon to a iPhone 5 5c what ever comes out next get one that's good phones

I am desappointed about the item that I received, it just didnt work properly and when I read about the item before buying it it said all the contrary.

The phone is as it stated, I have dropped it several times and its still good. Unfortunately the plug in to the wall charger is not working any more. it just stopped, but the plug in to the car still works so i can still charge the phone.

These phones were promptly shipped and are "like new." One needed a charge but worked fine after an overnight charge. These sre a bit "chuncky, but i knew this before ordering. They are very hardy, and that is what I need.

Was exactly what we ordered. It had package problems getting to our addresses but the sender was amazing making sure it got to us. Keeping track of the package and made sure we knew if it didn't get to us soon they would ship us a new one ASAP. Was very reassuring and helpful.

This is a great flip phone for someone who needs a simple rugged phone to make phone calls (and the occasional text). It's really hard to find a decent phone that's not a &#34;smart&#34; phone for a Verizon network. Sound is good, no dropped calls, people on the other end hear what I'm saying. Does its job.

I had a G'Zone Boulder before this phone and hoped it would be as rugged. It is, however I don't think it's "waterPROOF". It's water RESISTANT. I drop this phone from 6 ft(out of a truck) daily, and it keeps on ticking. Of course, after 2 years of abuse it's on it's death bed. About 75% of the time now I can't hear the person I'm talking to, or trying to call. With a nice 'WHACK' to the face it repairs itself for a while. It also is starting to turn off like it has a short in it. I'd have to say it was a good phone for a "free" upgrade, and for the constant butt kicking I give it, it stays in the ring pretty well. I wouldn't pay more than $50 for a new one though just because of it's dated techno parts.

I'm very happy with this little phone.  The battery life is reasonable, and it the sound quality is much better than most data phones.  The rugged case is great.

I get much better reception in our small town with this phone than newer ones. Also my daughter's puppy got a hold of it and bit the bottom of the phone but it is very rugged and works fine!

The phone is in excellent condition and holds a charge much longer than I anticipated.  When I visited the local Verizon store for activation they told me it was one of their best basic phones.

phone works great love the idea of being waterproof and the rubber case i got with it makes it dang near unbreakable would tell anyone not into the smart phones this is one of the best phones and case combo to get, but i am older and dont care for the smart phones should have enoung smarts to just need a phone and not a hand held computer but thats just me

I love this phone I needed a phone that I could text on and if I drpped it wouldn't break. This phone has great speakers and good signal. I put it through the wash and got it wet during a horrible rain storm and have dropped it down 3 flights of stairs and the only thing that doesn't work on it is the camera. Honestly its not a big deal. No camera vs. Buying a new phone I would much rather take the no camera. Highly recommend!!!

I needed a tough phone that I could have with me when out doing landscaping. I considered the choices and every phone was too easy to break. I wanted a phone that I didn't have to worry about, ever. this it the right one for me. It fits my purposes very well. I have never dropped it and hope I never do, but if I do I am sure it will holdup better then most anything I could have bought.

What can I say? The phone works great like if it was new. easy to set up and looks good.

good used cell phone thanks a lotcouldnt find one in my area and I really needed a replace phone didnt want to do an upgrade my contract with verizon at this time.thanks again

I got this phone bc I was tired of having to pay the high premiums of having a smart phone. The call quality is way better than any iPhone or android phone I've used(I've had both). I like not being on it all the time checking my email or whatever. I spend more time in conversation and actually pay attention when my wife is talking to me haha. The best feature is the battery lasts for several days without a charge, even with heavy use.

I bought this one used and it keeps shutting off. I've had 2 new ones and they are a great phone. A reconditioned one is not a great deal if it keeps shutting itself off. 2 stars.

Phone works great. It is exactly what we were looking for. No Contract and that's what we need. Great buyer!

Bought for my mother who wanted a decent flip phone.  Good reviews on it.  So far,  great phone.  Very easy to use and feels very strong.

ruged as the old style in a modern phone and fits into my ruged kick around life style great phone

Horrible phone! It worked for about 30 days and then the receiver could no longer hear my voice. The receiver can just hear static, with my voice cutting in and out, but they can't make out what I'm saying. The seller wouldn't issue me a refund, or exchange the phone after the 30 days even though it is defective. I lost my money, and I need to purchase another phone.

It works for my father who does not need a smartphone just simple a way to communicate while out and about.

Phone was not in great condition - dirty and scratched. Was able to clean it up a little. Seems to work well.

Works for a simple guy in construction that does not want a &#34;smart phone&#34; data plan.  Data plan not required on this phone!

Have convoy II. Bought this as a 2nd phone for (PTT). Have had some difficulties with incoming calls. At times they dont ring thru.

Hi,I liked the phone though it was clearly a used a phone witha number of wear marks. I've replaced it with a LG ENV 3 phonebecause I wanted a qwerty keyboard and the Convoys' receptionwas not very good. I kept loosing calls in my new apt which ison the first of a 4 story building. Over all it was pretty much whatI expected it to be.Sincerely,  Franz Lehwalder

Phones are in great shape ,but chargers are not. One fell apart in my hand ; was not very happy about that.

The phone was in excellent condition, this was my first time using amazon, I was very skeptical but it was exactly what I ordered. I had no problem getting it activated and it worked wonderfully.

I have had one of these before I really liked it  I had it for about 4 years and when I went to renew my contract with Verizon they did not make this hone any more,  well I got a free phone, but I could not hear it ring,  so I went to amazon and there she was. I got it, and  it works great and I can hear it ring.  The phone is very simple to use and I like that also. A phone is of no use if you can not hear it ring.

New2YouCellular is a RIP OFF, I have sent a total of 3 responses to them regarding this cell phone and I have yet to receive any valid response at all. (The only response that I got from them See below) This request was NEVER addressed how is possible that its closed? This entire process has been a complete nightmare!!! I purchased this product based on the followingProduct Features and Technical Details and if was a gift for my husband who works in construction and the phone got wet and now its NOT working!!! I want a replacement telephone that is WATERPROOF as well as the Product Features that were described, this is what lead me to purchase this device.Product Features&#9679;No data plan required&#9679;waterproof&#9679;shockproof&#9679;dustproof&#9679;military specificationsONLY RESPONSE!!!!New2YouCellular has closed the return request listed below.Reason for the closure of your request: This is a duplicate return requestSeller comments: Customer sent 2========================================Return Request Details======================================Seller: New2YouCellularItem: Samsung Convoy U640 for Verizon Wireless, Rugged Flip Cell Phone (Gray) - No ContractQty: 1

I upgraded to this phone because it was 'rugged'.The keys on the keypad seemed loose from the start.Then, after I'd had it a month, I dropped it on a hardwood floor & it broke into 2 pieces.Verizon wouldn't do anything about it because I didn't have insurance.Apparently their warranty only applies to software issues.

This phone is by far the worst I've ever used.  No part about it is designed well.  An assortment of pre-loaded texts are often sent while the phone is in my pocket.  If you receive multiple texts at a time retrieving any but the last is almost impossible.  If I go more than a day without shaving the phone rips hairs out of my face while I'm talking on it.  Terrible terrible terrible phone, and for the price it's unexcusably poor.

Buy this phone from this seller.  He makes sure they are all working great.  My husband is a general contractor and his phones end up under truck tires, dropped from high up ladders, etc!  The price is fantastic!  I'm sure I will buying another again when he breaks or loses this one - will go back to same seller for sure.

I liked this when I received it and was really excited about it. I bought this for my mom who needed a basic phone to make phone calls only. Well within 3 weeks the phone died and we weren't anle to charge it at all. We tried other chargers as well to no avail. Very disappointed and a waste of money.

HE REALLY LIKES IT. HE HAD ONE BFORE AND IT TOOK A CRAP AND OF COURSE IT WAS NOT INSURED.. I WOULD BUY FROM HERE AGAIN

This phone came in excellent shape. Only thing missing was the charger cover on the side but it is not necessary for the operation of the phone.  The phone looked great, sounds great and works great.  It was ready to be activated with no problems.  Phone arrived within the time frame stated.  Excellent buy for the money. Came with a warranty which I am happy to say I have not had to use.

The used Samsung Convo that I purchased was easy to activate with my carrier,however; the phone will not stay on.  THe "gently used" state was also misleading.  There are several large scrapes on the screen and the phone has obviously had a rough time of it.  It will get me through until I can find another, and I took a chance with a used phone, but I had hoped for more.

My 2nd purchase from quality cell pnones. both phones were like new. been using the first for about two years.

The first phone did not work out that great but they worked with us and quickly replaced it. We did not have any trouble returning or receiving the new phone.

This is the only place to buy a phone, they are the best, fast, and helpful.  Thanks for all your help Jayne Beezley

I've owned this phone for two years now. I have thrown it at muggers, fought off bears, and even made the occasional phone call with this monolith of human technology. It is the most destructive force any mere mortal man can own without simply ascending to godhood. This phone radiates durability weather it be from it's rugged (yet stylish) rubber outer edge. or it's colorful grey tones that scream of old and reliable things... like the 50's and ash. I don't know where i'm going with this but all i do know is that this phone has been through hell and back and it still works more than my lazy wife.

It is a used cell phone but it is in excellent condition and it has given us good service.  We are happy with our purchase.

This phone is identical to the one that I took for a swim. I needed a simple phone to replace the old one. Nothing I found was priced within my budget. This was priced right, arrived very quickly and has worked very well.

Its not all its cracked up to be.

convoy replaced and old convoy....phone was in good shape and the battery also was good....and the price was a lot better than buying a new phone

This Samsun Convoy U640 is a great phone.  Just what is needed for basic communication plus some extras.  Very easy to use.

I was replacing an LG phone that I took swimming.  (They don't like that!)  The Samsung U640 is a much better phone.  2 weeks battery life per charge, clear sound, good photos, control buttons that make sense.  If I needed it, I'd order another.  (Quick shipping, too!)

Great phone for little money. I have been using this phone for close to a year. The battery is the strongest I've ever had in a phone

I would recommend this phone for some one who is not into smart phone but need  just a phone. not big and bulky.  it works great.

My 15 yr old daughter doesn't really like this phone much, but that is OK because it has lasted her a while now with out it being broken or fried from water damage.  I love this phone, wish I would have gotten it for her 1st!!!!!  This is like the 7th phone she has gone through in 3 years.  Dropped in the sink, toilet, snow, just left it in the bathroom while taking a shower (for an hour.....) or maybe it broke from horse playing with her younger bother.  Whatever the case may be, unlike the others, this phone is holding up.  Not sure if it will last more than 6 months, hopefully, but its done better than most so far.  Can't really say a lot about features or use of the phone.  She txts about a million times a day and actually talks on it once in a while (usually only when I call).  The camera works well so far as I know.  But other than that, it is holding up to a 15 yr old, that works for me!

This phone is Ok it only  hold a 75% battery charge so by 6pm it needs to be plugged in so if you are out all day and do not have access to recharge it will go dead. Other than that it's ok.

The phone arrived in a timely manner and works well. A cheap and easy to use flip phone. I would recommend this product to anyone.

very cheap looking bad service and i have verizon such and old phone speaker does work great i got this bc i was not eligible for an upgrade for my husband but in less you plan on keeping it for a long time buy something else

My husband absolutely loves this phone, he isn't exactly a phone whiz, but it is perfect for him,  He likes the spec on it regarding the phone was built up to military specs, like dust proof, water resistant, not proof, shock resistant, built to handle a few drops, which he is notorious for at work. Can't believe Verizon let this go to the wayside, the battery is amazing, up to 3-4 days of not having to charge, amazing, hubby says.  Anyway, hubby says well worth the price even if it is retired, he's pondering the idea of buying another one just in case this one gives up the ghost in the next couple of years.  We liked the speedy shipping too.  thank you.
