
The thing showed up and is not new in box!! Definately either a reman or something.. Box was open.. Not original blackberry charger in the box or anything... HIGHLY UPSET!!

LOS TEL&Eacute;FONOS NO ESTABAN EN CAJA SELLADA Y SOLO TRA&Iacute;AN EN SU INTERIOR LOS EQUIPOS Y EL CARGADOS, Y TODO LO DEM&Aacute;S QUE LA CAJA DESCRIBE NO LO CONTEN&Iacute;A ME ENVIARON EQUIPOS INCOMPLETOS, POR ESA RAZ&Oacute;N ESTOY MUY INCONFORME

item was listed under unlocked cell-phones should be take out listed in another area as to not miss lead further customers it is a nice phone but do not meet my need for a phone for sim cards use.

The phone came to us on time, and it is in excellent condition. So far it has worked and we have had no issues with it.

El telefono que ocupaba era para utilizarlo con tarjeta SIM Card, por lo que fue totalmente errronea la compra, devolvi el aparato y nunca se me retorno el efectivo

NO TRAJO MEMORIA, CD, AUDIFONOS, CON LO &Uacute;NICO QUE VINO FUE CON EL CARGADOR Y SIN MEMORIA, TAMPOCO MANDARON LA FACTURA ORIGINAL, LO COMPR&Eacute; PARA UN REGALO EN VENEZUELA, Y LUEGO LES COMENTO SI SE PUDO ACTIVAR LA LINEA, NI SIQUIERA TRAJO EL MANUAL Y NO COLOCAN QUE ES PARA USARSE EN ESTADOS UNIDOS &Uacute;NICAMENTE.

Very bad customer service, ordered a phone and have not receive it yet!! I called and messaged the company just have a very bad taste in my mouth.

After years of carrying a smartphone, I just wanted to go back to my flip phone days.  The one thing stopping me was the convenience of a Google Voice app to handle dialing.  Although this is technically a smartphone, it's a pretty aged one, and I use it on a prepaid carrier without access to blackberry services, so it's basically a dumb phone with Google Voice, which is exactly what I wanted.Setting it up to use it like I have requires some technical proficiency, including the ability to load service books onto the phone.  If you can google well and follow instructions, it's doable.  This is a niche use for a niche phone, but it's exactly what I was after.  I wish it had wifi too, but you can't have it all.  A more expensive option on Sprint would be the BB Style 9670, which does have wifi and is a much nicer phone in general.

The seller said it was new in box, it was in box the box had been opened.The box says, this package contains, blackberry pearl flip 8230 smartphone, standard lithium battery, 3.5 stereo headset,blackberry travel charger, USB data cable, documentation kit(including user tools CD) VZAccess manager CD-ROM and Quick reference guide. Ofthose nine items listed I only got the phone, battery,wall charger,manager CD-Rom and the quick reference guide. I can't get the phone to work right I have made four calls to Verizon spent several hours on the phone with them and still can't use the phone.I am most unhappy.

It wasn't really a good idea since the Phone was pretty old and nowadays this kinda phone are not in function so it's was hard to get it to work

started using the phone for about 5 days, the phone no longer works went into verizon and they werent able to fix it..

Could not use it in my country because it is not unlocked. and the information in this article was not enough.

Worst phone I have ever owned don't bother buying it. Besides that you have to buy a memory card and spend more money. Believe me you have to have the Memory card or your phone won't work properly. I paid a very low price for the phone and even then it was a bust. Battery Life HALF DAY TOPS.

Just a warning, this phone does not have Wi-Fi as the item description says.  I didn't anyone else getting it based on that and being disappointed.

I purchased this phone about a month back but never open the back about a week now and but apparently this phone seems to be "cdma" and on the package details it was stated. My country only uses "gsm" phones so this phone has no use to me. I am kindly asking for a explain and a re-fund concerning this product for my inconvenience.

The phone was cheap and I bought it used for 25$ at the time. It got here quickly and it looks almost new! It came with everything it said it would. I would definitely buy a phone from this company again :D

My husband is a flip phone fanatic. I thought I would 'upgrade' him a little and purchased this BB flip for him. It is sleek enough for a woman  and plain enough for my Hubby. He loves it. I purchased the otterbox commuter for it and he couldn't be happier.

definitely not black berry quality or functionality but still pretty decent for casual use. Great buy for it's price. Would recommend it, not brag about it.

I've bought 2 phone about a month ago from this seller and i have to say its really not a bad phone i got it for my 2 sisters who lost their phone and needed new ones  and they love it the Ups: It came in 1 week after i placed the order. It works just as good as another BB. You don't butt dial. The camera takes some really good pictures. the Downs: There is no wi-fi. the memory is not that much so you will need a SD card. if you want to do BBM you will need to update it yourself. and the ringer is a soft but if you keep playing with the sounds it comes out loud. Other then that my sisters love the phones. If there is any other questions you want to know about the phone i'll be more then happy to answer it

Certain mobile phones use can be restricted to a specific carrier so be alert that when you select a mobile phone that the use is not limited to only one speciific carrier.

I take this phone into Verizon so they can put my phone numbers in. That is when I learned this phone has water damage.I broke my rule, you get what you pay for. Never again will this happen. I wasted this money. Next time going to Verizon for my phone.

The phone was in good condition but Ihad to return because not what i was looking for which became a hassel.

This is not a bad phone for the money. This phone is already two years old, thought is was more recent. The product came new in the box, but no  engraving pen - key chain )came with it.  don't know if I would use it any way, nice thought though.  The picture on Amazon shows a different screen then the one that is on the phone, new phone has a clock  wrist watch looking  when closed. The  phone also requires that you get a DATA PLAN through Verizon wireless. This plan is 29.99 a month, this was very disappointing, THIS SHOULD BE PUT IN WRITING WHEN REQUIRED BUY THE PHONE CARRIER WHEN ADVERTISED. I may not use all the features with this plan, and is a waste of our money in today's economy.

you buy the phone says in his features that came with WIFI but can not find what makes me assume that it is what I ask your help to confirm if you have these options and where you are.Otherwise it would be a hoax content on the web about this productBlackberry Pearl Flip 8230 Tel&eacute;fono de Verizon con la c&aacute;mara de 2MP, Wi-Fi y ranura MicroSD (Plata) [Verizon Wireless]

Received in good condition. Phone audio quality terrible--buzzes with each syllable as if caller is speaking through a kazoo (not present in speaker mode).  I have had two Pearls in the past without this problem.  Does ANYONE quality test this product prior to shipping?  Disappointing and unacceptable.

The phone sound is like talking through a tin can.  I am VERY disappointed in this phone.  Awaiting instructions to send it back. Thank you.

It was exactly what i was expecting, i didn't need anything extremely fancy, so i was happy. also the phone came 2 or 3 dasy early which made me an even happier camper

I know -- this is an obsolete model and I had to exchange the first one because it wouldn't charge, but I bought a 2nd one once the replacement arrived and worked, and I'm happy except that hubby and his boss and my BFF all complain about the sound.  That could be my voice as they complained  on other phones, too -- I often have a scratchy voice.  When we switched providers to Verizon, this was the only BB flip available, and I loved my old BB Pearl so got these on Amazon.  I figure if one goes kablooie I'll already have another.  I'm ecstatic (except for the voice); it always works, has a timer (which the phone I started out with on Verizon did not have), I can carry all my important book lists in Word and Excel, a few PDFs of important documents, bus routes, etc.  Texting is not as easy as with a full keyboard but I only make a few calls a week and fewer texts.  I wanted DocumentsToGo and timer (NOT stopwatch) for the gym, and SMALL and a flip, and I have it.  This all the phone/PDA I need in a tiny package.

I had planned to use this only for 911 emergency calls and the time, but the clock, although it ran, was off both in hours and minutes. I corresponded with the seller but he was of no help. So, I returned it for a full refund.

It's no wonder that Blackberry stopped making this phone! They don't make great flip phones. The phone is cheaply made and looks like a prepaid phone that one would get from Wal-Mart! I was so excited to buy this and get this activated only to be disappointed to learn that Verizon doesn't allow this phone to be prepaid without the necessary data needed for the phone! I ended up taking this to Verizon because trying to register the MEID number online was pointless as Verizon did NOT recognize the number! Only after going in to the store did they tell me that not only was the phone old, but I needed data too! I ended up getting the new Blackberry 9310 and a phone plan. Buyer BEWARE and do your research BEFORE purchasing this phone, otherwise, you may be stuck with a useless phone!

Product shows unlocked BB,  but it is not. It is locked with Verizon....Not happy with product....useless...I tried to return as well, but couldn't get time to visit UPS/or drop location.

la propaganda dice que blacberry pearl 8320 con wi-fi y no tiene, me parece que deben revisar la propaganda del producto

product was in good shape works great have not seen a phone like this before, also when purchased it got here in no time

I PURCHASED THIS ITEM BECAUSE IT CAME UP IN THE SECTION UNLOCKED PHONES,BUT IT APPEARS TO BE TIED TO VERIZON PROVIDER. WHO'S FAULT IS IT ??MINE FOR NOT READING THE FINE PRINT, OR YOURS FOR OFFERING THE PHONEWITIN A CATEGORY IT DOES NOT BELONG IN ??REGARDS, ALEJANDRO OSSA

This phone is everything you do not want in a phone. It's difficult to maneuver through and locate stuff AND even worse is the fact that it is definitely not smart enough to be called a small phone but the wireless carriers think it is not basic enough and so require you to buy a data plan with it. Do not buy it unless you just want to collect phones that no one else wants.

Wish I could tell u about this phone but I NEVER RECIEVED IT. Said the address was WRONG . Funny, I recieved the other item I order with the same address.

Though not mainstream technology, this is a great compact flip phone for those who still prefer Blackberry. Very high quality phone, easy to use for email, and adequate web browser.

Poor call quality reception poor not really impressed overall. Blackberry just didn't really do the job but hey it's an old device

First things first:This phone does not have a WiFi radio. You can only access the internet by using carrier (Verizon) data. Someone should update the product description, although anyone who's looking to make this kind of investment should refer to other sites besides Amazon before making the final determination.I bought this phone while it was still advertised on Verizon's webpage (it's since been "retired"). I wanted a smartphone, but I always liked flip phones because they're compact and they aren't especially noticeable in the pocket. Other than feeling a little too light and not being the most durable phone, I really liked it. It was originally a Sprint phone and I waited for Verizon to pick it up. As soon as they did, I moved on it.If I recall correctly, it did have a slightly slower processor than its candy bar form factor Blackberry contemporaries, but it wasn't a big deal to me. I only browsed the web with it on occasion, as the interior screen was too small to really enjoy the experience and most websites didn't render quite right on it. It was also a much slower, more drawn-out affair than it is with newer Blackberries, Droids and iDevices, but I expected that.The LED is huge on this phone so it was very hard not to notice if someone called or texted you, as long as you set the LED properly (installing BeBuzz from the Blackberry market helped, too). This phone is highly-customizable, with long lists of options that can take a long time to really sink your teeth into. If you enjoy getting lost in lists-as I do-Blackberries are the way to go.One drawback: the front display is not really customizable at all. It will always tell time and your only choice is of what style "clock" to display. I think there are only two options. I would've rather set a picture.One more thing: my phone had a "corrupt theme," which hid some of my icons, confusing the hell out of me. A little research online and I was able to fix the issue myself.Overall, great phone, if outdated by now.

Phone met all shipping and customer expectations. Very nice phone and great quality. I recommend this to my friends who are looking for a flip phone of good quality

I bought this for a friend about a couple of years ago and he loved it. Good range of features and specifications for the price. Blackberry made quality phones back in the days.

The hands free set, the USB cable & the quick guide are all missingThe telephone is lookedbad choice

this blackberry phone is ten dollars cheaper at walmart.com and also offers a 6.00 18 month replacement plan.  its 29.99 plus the 6.00 equals a total of  35.99

Dear Company providing phone:Screen damaged and outer case not very attractive. Upon using, it will only hold a charge for two or three hours.

Caution...if you require Blue Tooth function ... DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.There is a hardware defect in this model that does not allow BT to be enabled... and no one seems to know how to fix it.Too bad, because I really liked the phone until the BT stopped working.

This phone was not new as stated.  The seal on the box was opened.  The battery charged only 50%, then gave me an error message about the battery.  Not compatible with my Verizon plan, which was not stated.  The shipping time was as promised and timely.

Lamentablemente este equipo no me sirve ya que las opradoras en venezuela no quieren colocarque una l&iacute;nes y ahora no se que hacer con este aparato

Looking for a flip phone that others said worked well I bought this one. I liked it at first. Now in February after buying it in November it has suddenly started strangely quickly using up all power and crashing when I use it to make a call. It will keep power as long as I do not use it! Apparently there is not way to return it now? I will not buy from this seller, BLUTEKUSA.COM, INC, again.Verizon Blackberry Flip 8230 Pearl Cell Phone Silver CDMA ONLY

I liked it but I wish the screen was bigger! Nothing else really a dislike. Cute phone.. battery last for a long time.

very disapointed, every time I went to use it the battery seam to be dead. DON'T BUY IT, GET A NEW ONE FROM A FACTORY DEALER.

No good, not what the seller claimed it to be. It is not a Verizon phone.

issues with phone: no interent browser. no wifi. the two parts of the phone are already wobbling apart, just a month after i bought it.issues with services available: blackberry service with verizon costs minimum $80 per month. page plus (only prepaid option with verizon) doesnt allow for use of blackberry services.there may be more things to write but they escape my mind at this point in time.

THIS LITTLE JEWEL IS REALLY GREAT.  PURCHASED  A WHILE AGO FOR MY NIECE AND SHE JUST LOVES IT.  IT WAS A GREAT PRODUCT FOR A WONDERFUL PRICE.

Excelente telefono funciona con la frecuencia de 3GB, lastima que lo compre para funcionarlo en Venezuela, y ya no estan trabajando con linea CDMA, el telefono me quedo inservible no lo puedo utilizar con ningun tipo de linea en el pa&iacute;s.

I got the item it came in a box and worked very well. I love it even had games on it!

i went from an iphone 4 to this, i literly paid someone to take the iphone 4 off my hands to get this. and im very electronics savy. i loved my original blackberry pearl, and have always wished that they came out with a flip version. i did a random search one night and found it! i was so excited!!

Greetings messrs the reason I write is because I need the bill for these phones to use them here in Venezuela, I would appreciate the help and send me to my mail: djibarra411@gmail.com

The phone works for calling, but is extremely difficult to use. The operating system is the most user unfriendly system I have ever used. The computer is very slow and lags quite a bit. It uses a full keyboard that is integrated into the number pad which is definitely the worse part for typing. It uses stone age T9 typing software that has so many frustrating problems because there are hundreds of common words not programed into the phone.  There are only two letters on each key, so the algorithm isn't accurate like on normal T9, so you type a word and it comes up with 20 possibilities that you must scroll through until you find the word you want. (often the word isn't in there) If you are extremely old fashioned electronic device savvy you might be able to figure this phone out. I just find it hard to believe Blackberry made a phone this bad.

You are selling this phone as a NO Contract phone.  I just spent the whole morning on the phone with Verizon from department to department and this phone is not doing me any good!  I set it up before I called and deleted all my contacts from my other phone.  NOW what am I to do!  2nd phone I have ordered from you this month.  I'm so disappointed as I made sure it read "NO contract" and Verizon on the phone before I ordered it!  Bad business............

I ordered the product and got it when i was told and everything was perfect! if i had to order another phone i would make sure i go back to this company!

This is by far the best of both worlds.... Smartphone with flip style. So far I have not had any problems with this phone,everything works good on it. I have had a blackberry curve and don't like the fact that in your pocket or purse it will dial numbers. If you are a person that has to have the newest phone on the market it is not for you.But if you are looking for a smartphone that is easy to use...this is it. The happiest I have been with a phone since my razor( The very frist razor to come out). love it.

I bought this phone about a week ago and so far I love it, not bad for its price, who ever gets this phone will like it, the only problem that I have is The ringer doesnt get loud enough, but other than that its a great phone

This was advertised as a no contract phone and I thought it would be a nice upgrade to my current prepaid Verizon flip phone.Verizon tells me that a contract is required for this phone and the cheapest one they offer for it is $75./month.  A significant difference from the $15 I currently pay because I am not a frequent user.The phone was returned to Amazon without problems and they appear to have changed the description.It's too bad.  It looked like a more user friendly phone than I currently use but not for an additional $60/ month.  For me, just not practical.
