
It is the best phone, because it has the best combination of an excellent hardware manufactured by Samsung and the continuous updating of the Android OS from Google.I use it here in Ecuador and it works perfectly with Movistar mobile network.

Seriously, don't even consider buying this product.  In fact after my experiences I would never buy a Samsung product again.  This phone has an endemic manufacturing error which makes it impossible to charge the battery after a certain point.  Your phone should be under warranty but Samsung is terrible at servicing those, probably due to the volume.  What do they have product recalls for if not for this exact thing?  Anyway the FIRST Galaxy Nexus I had broke, and it took 3 months for Samsung to admit they lost it and give me a new phone.  Unfortunately, it was the same piece of crap model as the one I had...Hmm I wonder why they had so many that were unsold?  So now after a few months my new phone is doing the same exact thing.  At this rate under my current contract I will have had my phone for less than half of the time, and that's if the next one doesn't also break!  Oh and Samsung was not even the slightest bit apologetic, they didn't even express ship my new phone.  They did everything short of saying to me "Me Chinese, me tell joke, me put pee-pee in your Coke."  Seriously, Samsung this is a great way for a company to lose its industry leadership.  I hope when that happens, and it will, that many of your executives get fired because I can assure you that they deserve it for being asleep at the switch.

personal review(with case and latest jellybean)+ very resistant (already dropped it several times without any damage)+ brilliant display (high contrast, high pixel density - you cant see the pixels)+ good web performance+ very good handling (i have relatively big hands)+ very helpful feature google now (only with jellybean)+ fits well in the pocket since it is really flat and light weight- average camera with problems in dark environments- average battery life due to the big display (i have ~35% left on the end of the day)

buy this phone for my daughter with some trepidation, but I received it in good condition and everything works fine.

The phone is very comfortable to use and fast. it is ergonomically shaped and has a good display. Overall I'm satisfied

I recently upgraded to a Nexus 4, but I can't part with my Galaxy Nexus.  This phone is still better than almost any phone out there, for at least three reasons.  First, and most important, it is a completely unlocked phone.  This is huge.  The fact that you are not tied to a contract, and that the carrier can't hold up your software updates is great.  I was with Verizon for a long time and they drove me nuts with how long they would hold up the software updates.  Second, the screen is still one of the best screens out there.  Super crisp picture, and great detail.  Lastly the processor is still decent.  Obviously the quad core processors are faster, but this phone still holds its own.

I read a lot of reviews, tips, tricks about this phone. Now I got it, and I could say that I received more than the expected.The only thing that I would improve is the battery. This smartphone is awesome but some features need to be disable in order to extender the battery charge.

I was deliberating whether to buy the Galaxy Nexus or wait for the next version to come out.  I'm happy I went with this phone.  The new Nexus 4 was just announced, and while it is a bit of an upgrade, I needed a phone quickly, so I couldn't wait three weeks for the Nexus 4.  The Galaxy Nexus is living up to the hype so far.  The version I received is the pure Google version, not a Japanese Docomo phone, as many people have reported.  Mine came from Worldwide Distributors, fwiw.  Within minutes it received an OTA update to Jellybean, the latest version of Android, and I'm sure when Android 4.2 comes out in the next few weeks, it will get that too.I previously had a Motorola Triumph with Virgin Mobile.  That phone was laggy and often unresponsive.  It began randomly rebooting once every few days after I'd had it for a year.  My new Galaxy Nexus is super-responsive, clear, and full-featured.  I switched over to T-mobile's prepaid plan, and I'm not looking back.  This phone is 3G, but works on T-mo's "4G" network (i.e., HSPA+).  I checked network speeds today using the Speedtest app, and had 4.8 MB dl & 1.8 MB upload speeds.  It's not true 4G, but it's much faster than my old VM service.  I'm using GrooveIP with my Google Voice number and making outgoing calls over the data network, which is working great, and I'm not using any of my very limited mobile minutes.If you haven't used Android 4.1, it's a very nice OS.  I'm using the new Google Now feature quite a bit.  You can swipe up from the bottom of the homescreen or lockscreen to get to it.  Google Now consists of a set of customized cards, each with relevant information (next appointment, sports scores, directions, weather, etc.).  I especially like that the OS gives me reminders for my next appointment, and even estimates my travel time to get there, alerting me a few minutes early so that I have time to travel.  And it's nice that it's automatic.I run with my phone, and use Runtastic to track my progress.  My old Motorola Triumph was horrible at getting a GPS lock (well known fault of that phone).  This one locks within seconds, and I'm off.  I use Stitcher Radio at the same time to listen to podcasts or Spotify for music, and it works seamlessly.Best of all, I've been pleasantly surprised by the battery life.  I got used to plugging my Triumph into my car charger while on the road, or plugging it in while at work, so it wouldn't run out of juice by the end of the day.  The Galaxy Nexus seems to last all day for me, so when I plug it in at 11 p.m., it still had 40% power left.  This is with the stock battery, and moderate usage.  Obviously high-power users won't get that much life out of it, but it works great for me.I was wary of moving up to a bigger phone, since my 4" Triumph seemed to be a good size.  The size of the GNex is great, however.  It's thin enough to slide in my pocket, and the slight curve to the screen glass actually seems to make it fit better.  I put it in a Cruzerlite TPU case, and that adds a little bulk, but not much.  I was going to go straight out and buy a big battery after reading reviews here, but I'm glad I didn't.  Some of those batteries really add thickness to the phone, and I'm getting good battery life out of the stock battery (which also has NFC, which I haven't used yet).If you're thinking about this phone or the Nexus 4, you might want to wait a couple of weeks until the Nexus 4 is available.  It has a quadcore processor (this one's dualcore), a higher resolution screen (the GNex is great though), and a few more bells and whistles.  Neither the Nexus 4 nor this GNex has a micro-SD slot, which is a bit of a downside in my book.  I'd love to be able to put a 32GB (or 64GB!) card in my phone and completely replace my mp3 player (a Zune HD - which I still love after 3 years of heavy use!).  But if you have a pretty good data network, you might find that streaming media from the cloud will work for you - it does for me so far. Plus, I like having a dedicated music player, even if it is one more thing to carry around.So I have no regrets with this phone.  I love having the confidence that I will continue to get Android updates for years to come, and it works great with my service.

At first I was afraid of buying a phone online and from a third party rather then straight from samsung or a store such as AT&T.; However, I was very happy with this. It came with everything needed, and works perfectly.As for the phone itself, it's very lightweight and has a beautiful screen. The only complaint would be the battery life, which isn't super amazing. But it's still worth the money :)It's not flawlessly fast like some of the higher end Android phones (you can tell this difference if you use live wallpapers and have programs running- compare from phone to phone), but for most people this won't be an issue at all. For almost all uses, it's fast.If you can't afford crazy expensive higher end phones, this is a good choice for you :) The best quality for the price.

It's been three weeks since I received my Nexus, and I couldn't be more happy with it. ICS is a step on the right direction for Android.A minor bug so far, is Bluetooth not being able to initialize after plane mode, which is fixed rebooting the phone. Hope this gets fixed on next Google update, but anyway I don't use bluetooth that much, so I'm ok.It works nicely on both T-Mobile and Telcel from Mexico with just swapping sim cards.

I have been using this phone for about two weeks. I am very happy with it so far. It is a developers phone, so getting in and unlocking bootloader, rooting, and installing custom ROMS, etc is very easy to do. (Not that most phones arent).One of the main things people should be aware of is the different builds that are out there. There is a build known as yakju. This is directly updated by Google. You will get the most frequent and timeliest OTA updates with a yakju build. There are other variants out there as well. Yakjuxe, jakjuse, and a few others. These are not as desirable, as they are updated by either Samsung a carrier. You may wait longer to get android updates with these builds.If you wonder which version you have, install GN official update app, and the app will tell you which build you have. If you have yajku, great. If Not, search the net on how to unlock bootloader and flash yakju image onto it. It is a simple process, then you will be 100% pure Google. Of course, I am not responsible if you brick your phone...! And of course, this is only if you care to do so. Keeping a non yakju build will not harm you in any way. You will still get updates, just not quite as timely.Second, be aware that many retailers are selling DoCoMo branded Galaxy Nexus devices as a gt-i9250. These are in fact, SC-04D devices. Essentially the same, but often times have a sim lock issue associated with them. They will sometimes lose the unlocked sim and revert to a locked state. There is an app available to unlock it again, but it will lose the unique IMEI, and thereby could cause issues. I would personally stay away from an SC-04d.Now, to the phone. I love the camera. Coming from an HTC Evo 3D, the camera is very quick to capture the image. In low light situations the flash will slow down how quickly you can take pictures, but not too badly. If no flash is required the camera will take multiple photos quickly. Maybe 1-2 pics per second. Very quick compared to my previous phone. Also, I find that the image quality is superb for a 5mp.Software is terrific. ICS 4.0 is a huge leap from even where gingerbread left off. I like the ability to make folders especially. It helps me de-clutter my screens, which is always nice.The screen is very nice. Even though it is a pentile display, it is very nice to look at. Very clear. Again, coming from a QHD resolution on my Evo 3d, I am impressed.The phone also has a terrific form factor. I love the curved glass. The phone is very thin as well. I also like the overall form being slightly thicker on the bottom than at the top.The only thing that is potentially a negative is that Google and Facebook are in a bit of a spate with each other. I have found that the facebook integration on this phone is not as nice as on some others. Facebook is not allowed to sync contact info to your phone. So, if you are used to seeing peoples facebook photos on their contact info, you wont see it on this phone (at least for now). You can manually do it via the facebook app, but going through and assigning a pic to each person individually is tedious.Also, I recommend "myalbum" facebook photo uploader. Coming from my Evo 3d I was used to "FB for HTC sense". It allowed me to upload multiple photos at the same time, which was very nice. The stock FB app will not allow multiple uploads at the same time. MyAlbum is the app that will assist you in doing so.Overall, excellent phone. Amazing screen. Pure "Vanilla" Android. Can't go wrong.

I could have never seen myself spending an additional $30 a month for a dataplan. My friends had always tried to convert me. I picked up the Galaxy Nexus on a verizon plan, and I will never go back.I have an HP Touchpad and a few other devices, but nothing with 4g capabilities. I really enjoy it. I love my Galaxy Nexus. It does everything I could imagine and more. I was originally going to hold out for the Galaxy S III, but decided to just get the Galaxy Nexus. I'm still happy with this decision. The new phone will have only marginally been better, so I figured I may as well just get something 'now'.Very happy with this phone, love ICS. Thank you!!!

it is good, shipped  on time. See you later  . Great quality and no damages . .Thanks,AjayDas Kaki

HAVE SOME DETAILS PHONE SYSTEM VOLUME NOT LISTEN, AND CAN NOT INCREASE MORE THAN NORMAL. THE HANDSET IS LISTENING TO INTERFERENCE. THE COMPUTER IS SLOW WHEN RUNNING. BATTERY WILL LAST 2 HOURS CONTINUOUS USO.NO HEADPHONES INCLUDED. ALSO HAVE PROBLEMS WITH APPLICATIONS.

muy buen telefono, es lo que estaba buscando, que mas voy a esperar es un telefono marca samsung.... satisfecho y feliz...

I purchased this for my sister and so far this is the best set she has ever got and she just loves it. Has all the features that a complete phone must have. Really happy with this purchase

Even thou this is a year old this phone still has the technology to be considered for a great phone. 4.6 inch screen, dual core processor, lastest updates from google, and the unique curved design that fits right into your hand. As well as the removalable battery is a bonus because most new phones have a non removable battery (Nexus 4), but all in all a great phone to cuctomize, root, and the 16 gb to 32 gb storage space!!

Ordered the unlocked GMS Galaxy Nexus thru GSM imports.  They shipped the phone the next day and received before the estimated delivery date.  I would order again thru GSM imports without worries.  This rating is for GSM imports.  If I were rating the phone I wouldn't be giving a 4 for sure.  Phone OS is not updated by Google but by Samsung and I am getting updates 2 months after the new versions are released.  I'm not impressed with a Samsung phone at all.  Phone is already very sluggish.  Again,  GSM imports Great / Samsung Galaxy Nexus - not so.  The phone doesn't pick up WiFi networks that other phones sitting right next to it do.  The AT&T; Network performance is much slower than my wife's Iphone.  GPS lock is much slower too.  Speaker sounds bad next to the iphone 4s.  These problems may be that ICS is new and needs a few bugs worked out, but not sure.Mark

This is for the GSM version.This phone is fantastic in every way but one.  The signal is pathetic.  I can place my Nexus next to my wife's iPhone4 and my Galaxy Note, and the Nexus will be switching back and forth between a poor Edge signal,and no signal at all. The other two phones are with 4 bar 3G, and 4 bar H+ respectively.  This is a deal killer.  I bought it from the Google Play Store, and contacted them for support.  All I received back in reply was to change the APN.  Well, I already tried that before, and it made no difference.  I feel the radio is weak.  Members of XDA advised to flash a new radio, but I don't want to flash this device, root it, or anything else.  I wanted a Vanilla device that I didn't have to do all that crap to.  I am sending it back, and if they try to charge me a restocking fee, I will go to the bank and dispute the charges.  I am extremely disappointed in the device, and with the support from Google.  I just bought a new Galaxy SIII to replace the Nexus.  Hopefully it will work out a little better.  I only gave it two stars because it is a fantastic form and software is awesome.  But the radio is a fail.

Just got the Samsung Galaxy Nexus - great phone! If you have already a Google account the phone is very easy to handle, the only negative item is that the phone is so smart so that one has to study a bit.

Best Android phone on market...Best Hardware... Best Software...Very happy with the performance...Also it we are ensured that it will get the latest software always...

cubre las espectativasesta a nivel de los mejores telefonos inteligente de nueva generacionexelente pantallagran velocidad en internet

i love the galaxy nexus and its the best android phone for me if you are lookig for an android phone just go for it!

Bought this phone in the US for my Israeli line.  Inserted the SIM card, turned on the phone, and after a couple of minutes of basic configuration, my phone was operational.  I now moved to Israel, and the phone continues working like a charm.  Great service and great phone.

Make sure you buy a screen protector along with the phone.I've been using this phone for 3 weeks and I've already noticed a few scratches on the screen.I have been keeping the phone alone in my pocket and still a few scratches have appeared on the screen.Besides of this fact, the phone is awesome. Ice Cream Sandwich is just fantastic.I really recommend this phone.

I ordered the phone from seller quality4less. It arrived in three days. Came with an extra cable and a free high-capacity battery, free case and screen protector. If you look at the specifics on this phone the pixel densities are actually better than anything under $800. No point having a giant screen if you can see the dots and this is plenty big. The form factor is exactly so you can use it with one thumb or two.  People who complain it doesn't have a microSD slot guess again, it has a mini USB and can use any of your drives, sticks, cards, even HDDs without rooting, the app is available from android. Remember this was Google's number one showcase product in 2012. It does perfect Bluetooth stereo streaming, and the audio quality is like CD on my Sennheiser....

Fast, powerful and beautiful. Best phone I ever earn. And the best of it is that it upgrade the software when ever is available, Nexus products are awesome. I will totally recommend this product to all my friends and family.

Excelent phone. I'm with it until today and there is no problem. Bought in May/2012 and is still one of the best smartphones

The first day the phone locked up. I had to look up on line how to do a hard factory reset to get it working again. Since then it's been working as it should with the exception of the notification led. An app solved that problem.The ICS version of Android has several undesirable quarks that for me had to be addressed.An app has to be installed to be able to separate the ringer from the notification volume.The phone has a lot of great features and as of now works very well.

Phone was not &#34;unlocked&#34;.  I wasted several hours with T Mobile trying to make it work before I had to just return it.

Great screen, hardware, software. No bloat from Samsung or HTC etc.. Plus take the price into account.. its a great deal!

When I realized my droid 1 was getting out of shape and I was overdue for an upgrade (verizon being my carrier), I started doing my research to figure out what I was going to get. After a while saw all the hype about the galaxy nexus and knew right away that, that was the phone I was going to get. It would be the first droid with ice cream sandwich, and I went all out and got the 32GB.I paid $300 up front for it.At first it seemed alright but then I noticed my 4g hardly worked and I started experiencing drops in data. Then one day my data stopped working entirely. Calling, and texting were fine but my internet was completely useless. As someone who is pretty much hooked on technology, this was a bummer. I took it in to the store and they sent another one in the mail free of charge.The next one had the same faulty internet data until my OS upgraded to 4.0.2Then it was fine. . .Until the input for the charger became loose.My phone died from not being charged. At first I thought my charger was broken so I grabbed a spare but it didn't work. This phone has always been difficult to plug in on the first go for me and sometimes I'd kinda have to rough it in. So I went to the store again and the guy checked it out and said that I was correct. The input for the charger was loose, and they sent me another new one.I dropped it in a toilet yesterday and managed to recover it via the old rice in a bag technique.So today I got home from work and put it on the charger and . . . it's not charging again.I honestly think I'm cursed when it comes to this phone. I can't wait for my next upgrade, I'm going for the droid 4 or 5. Whichever is available at the time of my upgrade. I can not wait til I'm done with this phone.update: It randomly started charging again but then the power button stopped working. Yup, cursed.

I unpluged my Gnex the other day and it said it was still charging, figured my be a issue with software, turns out that after searching google this (gnex) phones are plagued with a bad usb port, I tried cleaning and blowing out the port etc and nothing would help, I have managed to getting it working today by pluging in the micro usb adapter and bending it up a little and now the port works, I bought this in sept at the google store, plan to return hoping they will fix and or replace, then I will sell the phone online, use the money and get a Nexus 4. its a 5 star phone is they wouldnt have failed on the usb port.

I am a real phone addicted and have owned many smartphones over the past 3 years and I can assure this is the best phone made so far.The iPhone have always been the phone to beat and many Android phones came close to achieve its beauty and perfect usability.In many ways, Android devices and features have surpassed Apples but they still lacked the gorgeous design and beautiful designed UI that the iPhones delivered.Now Samsung, along with Google and its Ice Cream Sandwich OS have done it! The Galaxy Nexus is the one to be beaten!Perfect touchscreen, perfect camera, perfect design, gorgeous photos and movies, huge and clear display, great music player, NFC ready, nice battery life...I also owned a Galaxy SII before this one and although it had perfect hardware too, the Gingerbread OS and Samsung Touchwiz made it look still unfinished.That's not the case with the Galaxy Nexus and its pure Google experience with Android 4.0.Haven't seen one flaw yet!

It was good for the first month. I liked how it was more customizable than the iPhone. BUT so much is wrong with it. First of all, it quits out of my messaging at least every day. It glitches constantly, and closes out of apps randomly, you have to wait a long time for it to respond to your touch, when you drop it, the battery falls out, and I'm so disappointed in it. I've had this phone three months and it's already failing. I'm switching back to my iPhone tomorrow, and I don't even care how badly cracked it is, I miss it. I had to bring this phone in because it wouldn't connect to any chargers, and now, a new problem, It will continuously go through the process of shutting off and immediately turning off and turning on again and turning off, etc.. If you drop this phone just once, it will crack, and the style of the phone looks bad, also good luck finding a case for this phone. There are probably about 4 cases on amazon for it, and none of my liking. It was helpful that it connected to my google mail and everything because it's a google based hone, but that' pretty much the only thing I liked about it. Maybe other people have had better luck with this phone, but I wouldn't take my chances!

My wife is enjoying the phone.  She is enjoying the neat features.  Just being introduced to an android but is adjusting well.  She did not know all she can do that is right at her fingertips.  She enjoys being able to talk to the phone instead of all that typing.

I have owned this phone for about a month now and the only thing I can say is that this phone does everything that a smartphone should do and gets everything done quickly. Especially with the Ice Cream Sandwich on the android phone, it makes multitasking really easy and has a nice clean user interface. It comes as a bonus that this smartphone is unlocked and makes a great treat to developers.The phone has a nice sleek design and shines with its fantastic AMOLED+ display. I used to own the Desire HD which this replaced, and I have found this to be an excellent upgrade. The main concerns that I have for this device is that it does feel very plastic which makes it feel very fragile. However, being armed with gorilla glass on the front screen makes this screen really durable and scratch-resistant. I have handled the phone in my pocket with keys and so far the screen remains unscathed. Though I do intend to get a screen protector anyway.The phone is quite large though only a bit larger than my old Desire HD, it can be problem when trying to place this phone in your pocket. The speed of the phone is very snappy with minimal lag. Playing games is a breeze although with the larger resolution display, some games look kinda of strange with very small buttons such as Angry Birds. Since ICS in still quite a new OS there are still many applications that will not run properly on the device. But as of now the large majority of the popular applications have added support for ICS.I would highly recommend this product.

This phone is clearly the best phone on the market today. You wont be disappointed if you are gadgets enthusiast. I have had all the iphones (including the 4S) as well as top android devices, but Galaxy Nexus beats them all easily. Design, screen, weight, thickness - all are the advantages. Super fast camera, clean hi-def video.Highly Recommended!

This phone is super fast. My last phone was a MyTouch 4g and it was the slowest thing in the world and it ended up malfunctioning after 5 months. So far I am in love with this phone. Everything easily syncs with your Google account so I had no problem transfering my contacts (I had them all as my gmail contacts). The display is gorgeous as well.The only MINOR complaint I have is that the screen is not flush to the side of the phone. There is a tiny crack and little bits of stuff can get down between the screen and the rim of the phone. I usually use a piece of paper once every week to clean it out.

great phone, amazing screen, android 4.0 is perfect, very fast, very handsom. powerfull battery, very good camera. very good purchase for now. the price is also atractive

This is a great phone for the value. Granted, there are faster phones out now more than a year after release but I think this phone is still worth getting.Pros:-No proprietary software bogging it down.-Unique and sexy style-Excellent battery life with the standard 1750mh and even better with the extended battery (and that battery still looks good.-Works EVERYWHERE (I used this phone in Korea and in the USA)-Specs are solid-Great value if you don't want to sign up for a 2year plan with someoneCons:-Newer phones out there now with better specs (Google Nexus 4)-No 4G capabilities-NO SD CARD SLOT-Camera quality not always very impressive

Let ms try to briefly explain my 3 months of Galaxy Nexus.The phone is fast, responds very well to touch (indeed the best I've experienced on an Android device). The loud speakers are poor and sometimes I fell the ear speaker could be louder.The mic does not have noise reduction, I used to have a Motorola Droid and I could speak at the subway that the person on the otherside would hear me as if I was locked in my room.The phone is very light and although is big, it is not uncomfortable holding or putting into you pocket. Probably because its quite slima as well.The screen is big, bright, beautiful and somehow avoids a lot of finger print. The phone might get a bit warm if you abuse 3G (really abuse!Im not talking about syncing your services or using social networks).Both cameras do a great job and are very very fast without losing quality or resolution (again, the fastest phone camera I've ever seem).Baterry holds with no problems a whole day of pure abuse, this means I wake up and start hearing local music using my bluetooth headset, when I get to work I turn on wifi and keep on using my bluetooth headset, but now listening online music. Im usually playing around on g+, feeds and browser. So you can count that as well. If I do not abuse as I do usually it can hold on for 2 or 3 days with sync on.Last but sure not least, Androi 4 (or ICS), this just made ALL the difference. It is beautiful, smart, stable and has a good usability. I wont get in details on that, check out android site or youTube to see what is new.Bottom line, great device I strongly recommend!

It is the best phone ever!!! totally an iphone killer!!!  instant upgrade to Jelly Bean 4.2.1, A must have!!  Para los VENEZOLANOS, El telefono funciona perfectamente con Digitel, levanta 3g y 3,5g, upgrade automatico a jelly bean 4.2.1, Recomiendo que instalen la app Juice Defender para tener un optimo rendimiento de la bateria,  en pocas palabras es arrechisimo..

GSM Version for $399 Unlocked!!!! This is a great price and can be used on ATT or TMobile!!Stop reading and buy it already!!!

I have purchased this international version and used it in India, Battery immediately become bad. After purchasing the new battery, it is not charging properly. I have researched it in the web, Plenty of the people has the same problem.Also I have try to contact Samsung from USA, Since it is international version they do not do any service here in USA. Then they give UK no. UK service support gave me Canada No. and Canada support is no use at all. Now I can not use this phone at all. I strongly recommnd do not buy this.

I had an iPhone, and I really liked it. But this Galaxy nexus is pretty cool, easy to use, lots of options, and good reception for the Wi-Fi, I will only complain about the battery life, it goes very fast

This phone is really great! good photo quality, quick response,nice looking, big screen etc. But one bad thing, is that sometimes it can get very hot! therefore ,sometimes it can be really uncomfortable.The unfortunate thing, is that the seller (Go4Computers) didn't send me the package with the Google/Samsung seal.But, I didn't return it. I'm still using it, and so far nothing happened. I'm running factory stock rom, 4.1.1 JB no root.

I very happy for my new phone. it is amazing, very fast and i can download many applications and games from de google play.  I like it very much.

It is a great product and serviceEverything is in order and clearIt is what was offerThanks for everything

They both upgraded from the Nexus One phone. I myself have a Galaxy S2. The screen on the Galaxy Nexus is noticeably bigger of course, the curve is not as pronounced as the Nexus S (not to me at least). The CPU and graphics processors are very fast, judging from the smoothness of the live desktop (far better than the nexus one) and the high speed which web pages and videos are loaded and shown over wifi connections.It should be mentioned that the camera is also much faster than the typical cell phone camera. High resolution JPEG snapshots happen at the speed of lo resolution preview shots.My only complaint is with this first version of the software, the menu screens do not wrap around. I'm sure they will correct this in a future version. Personally, I'm not crazy about the fact there is no external SD card - but since I rarely if ever remove the SD card from my phone, I suppose this problem can be worked around.

I really cannot say much about galaxy nexus.. it really does it all!My only note, it will take some time getting used to the new phone.. specially for someone came from another platform (Nokia).

Excelent in all aspects. Colour, speed, availabilities due to Google links etc. Highly recomendable. Voice activated GPS is fantastic. Say the address and it will show the way with Google pictures of the actual position if comanded. Voice and image Skype is also top.

This won't be a review, because everyone before me pretty much said a everything there is to know about the phone.I'm just going to write a little about my experience with this awesome gadget.The Galaxy Nexus isn't the first smartphone i've had. Before this one, i had a Blackberry 8520 for almost 3 years. So, as you can imagine, for me it was a huge leap going from my old rusty Gemini to the Nexus.I've been with this phone for a few days, and still getting to know it, because i'm kinda new on Android. The first thing that impressed me was the size. I did a lot of research about the Nexus, and knew from all the reviews that this thing was big. Let me tell you, once you hold it in your hand, you realize that it's bigger than you think.Once i turned on the phone i was blown away. The size of the screen, the vivid colors, the sharpness of the images is AMAZING. I know some people will tell me that the iPhone 4's looks better with the Retina Display and blah, blah, but remember i came from a BB Gemini.The touchscreen is really responsive. I heard that Android phones had a little lag when touching the screen, but i didn't experience anything like that so far. It feels very natural.As you may know, the Galaxy Nexus comes with the brand new Android OS 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich). It's a good looking OS, very intuitive and smooth without getting too simple like the iOS, which is fine by me, because the variety of settings that i can change makes me feel that i'm holding a very powerful device. By the way, the Galaxy Nexus is fast. I can use 3 or 4 apps on multitask without any slowdowns.The call quality is good, but sometimes the reception gets unstable when i'm inside my office.All the reviews i've read complained about the camera, because its quality was below the standard for this kind of device. But i gotta say, i'm happy with it. Coming from the really crappy camera of the BB Gemini to the one that the Galaxy Nexus has is a big change.Also, there were complains about how low the sound from the external speaker was, which is something i have to agree with. You'll have no problem with that inside your home, or inside an office. But you may have trouble hearing someone calling you if you have your phone inside a purse, or if you are in crowded areas.Overall, i'm really satisfied with my phone. I'm still discovering things, but so far i've been amazed with everything i've already done with it.I really recommend you buy it. You won't be dissapointed at all.

Got it before Nexus 4 was out. Great bang for the buck back then. Nexus 4 beats it on this front, though.Pros:Great screenOriginal (&#34;vanilla&#34;) android, with no skins and suchNFCGood build quality - 6 months no silicon case or screen protector, as good as new.Cons:Battery life could be betterNot a good bang to the buck today as it was at launch. (Get a nexus 4)

I order this product by the good reviews, and was surprised to see that the product was the improved version that Google had changed in this model

Like it but not a fan of not having SD card slot

Well, I'm not exactly a techie but my nephews pitched in and put me this new phone to replace my old Nokia.  WOW -- what a difference these smart phones are.  I found the phone pretty easy to use with the stock applications.  I really like the GPS on the phone.  The phone is kind of big and battery life isn't too long, but I like it.

The best atribute about the Galaxy Nexus, is that there is no need for customization needed. Ice Cream Sandwich is finally the os that android users deserve.You get a device that is the starting point for the next generation of android devices, but that is to say it isn't supposed to be the top tier of the android world.The GN has a dual core 1.2ghz T.I. omap processor, a 5mp camera capable of 1080p , a 4.65 in screen with a 720p hd Superamoled resolution.I love my GN, with the ability to keep up with my everyday life, being able to check multiple emails and respond with quickness and efficiency, is great. The web browser is fast and very easy to use. I hear that some reviewers of this device say there is a bit of a learning curve, and if you already own a smart phone, whether it be android, iOS, or WP7, you'll handle this device just fine. For first time smart phone users, I would say you use it for a day or two, and you've mastered it.My own experience with the GN has been bliss. I have been in the minority of GN users who haven't had issues with call reception, but as of this writing, an update has been sent out to fix that problem. Also the issue of the speaker not being that loud during calls and listening to music, is reportedly an issue they're working on. Mine is a little on the low side, but I'm not deaf so I'm just fine with it.One of the best changes for me on this device, than on any other, are the software buttons. When the screen is off, its smooth and black.There are a few things that bug me, mostly wuth the keyboard , but no device will truly have everything you want.This device gets me through my day, take great pictures, has decent battery life, and comes with the best os around. I wish it came with an expandable memory card slot, but seriously, if you can blow through 16gb, than try the verizon or sprint version.If you're looking for a new device and don't like Samsungs touchwiz, or sense from htc, than take a good look at the Galaxy Nexus, you won't be dissapointed.

I love this cellphone, It was shipped in perfect conditions and brand new, like if I bougth it through Google Play store.

Oh, where to begin?First and foremost, this phone doesn't function very well as a phone. Signal strength on AT&T; is consistently 6-22dB less than an iPhone 4S, and that's when the phone hasn't lost track of the closest tower (rebooting the phone will often take it from 0-1 bars to 4-5, which means that it's also chewing through battery life by not connecting to the strongest tower). The earpiece doesn't get loud enough for some calls. The speaker isn't loud enough to hear notifications in the same room, much less from the next room. and it's nowhere near loud enough to use as a speakerphone, especially in the car. This is of course exacerbated by the fact that the speaker is placed on the back of the phone, so it gets further muffled when you set the phone down. Despite its low volumes, the speaker sounds tinny. Background noise cancellation is terrible. There's no ringer on/off switch, so no way to turn of the ringer without taking the phone out of your pocket and turning the screen on.The build quality is atrocious. There's a small gap between the glass and the bezel where bits of dirt get stuck. The bezel is raised above the screen on the left side (but is flush on the right) and is sharp. The power button is across from the volume rocker, instead of on top, so it's hard to hold the phone with one hand to be able to squeeze the power button without mashing the (very easily pressed) volume rocker, which leads to constant inadvertent changes in volume. The back cover is a huge pain to get attached properly. After a month, the micro-USB port is already getting loose, and sometimes won't charge without jiggling the cable (same result with multiple cables).At low brightness levels, predominantly white screens have a weird green cast, and a mottled appearance with brighter and darker patches across the screen. At all brightness levels all images are intensely oversaturated, with skin tones appearing Snooki orange. Despite the 1280x720 resolution, small text is much more legible on the smaller iPhone 4S screen (I don't know whether this is due to a better antialiasing algorithm on the iPhone or the inferior PenTile sub pixel layout on the Nexus, or both).Android 4.0 now puts crucial on-screen buttons in the top left and right corners of the screen, which means that anyone with average-size hands or below cannot use this phone with one hand, because it's simply impossible to reach the top opposite corner of the screen from a normal holding position.The camera is, simply, the worst phone camera I've seen in years.And Android 4.0, while a huge visual upgrade from prior versions of Android, is a buggy mess. Even built-in apps crash regularly (it's fun having Google Navigation -- which IMO is otherwise the best navigation system in the world, and one of the primary reasons to pick Android -- crash when you're approaching a turn), and several times the phone has, apropos of nothing, spontaneously rebooted itself. And despite the fact that Google re-engineered the system "back" button to be a soft-key, they didn't fix the totally unpredictable functionality. Instead, some apps now have an *additional* built-in "back" button at the upper left corner of the screen, iPhone-style. Aside from the aforementioned screen size issue, how did they think that would do anything other than confuse the user?I have not ever had a worse phone relative to its contemporaries. My HTC EVO 4G looked like a masterpiece of engineering compared to this.

Locked OS phone won't be updated by google. It is running samsumg OS not google OS phone is not being updated by google. The whole idea was to be able to get lates OS version as soon as google makes them. my phone has OS version jakjujp (by samsumg not google) instead of the standard jakju version of the GSM galaxy nexus.

This is the best phone I have ever owned!  It worked right out of the box on T-Mobile and picked up HSPA right away.  It is super light!  My only gripe is the lack of steel in the build. Other than that it works great and very fast. The rotation animation is a bit slow but there is a developer option to speed it up.  I still haven't changed it because it really doesn't bother me. GSM is the way to go!

I purchased this phone directly from Google.It is a great phone, Android 4.1 is very smooth, great UI. The screen is nice and big. It does not lag if you have a lot of applications on it. It has enough Ram that you do not have to constantly stop applications to be able to use it smoothly.The only negatives about this phone that I can point out are that it does not have an external memory card slot. So the 16 Gb of internal memory is all that you have for storage. (Why?!) That fact makes this phone that would have been perfect not perfect. The battery is undersized if you use the phone with data all day, but that is typical for all new smartphones as they are trying to make them thinner and thinner. The battery is not overly undersized like previous phones I have used (Samsung Epic)but it could have more capacity. Also if you have movies on Samsung Media Hub, do not assume that since this is a Samsung phone that you can use that application on this device. You cannot. This is a problem with Samsung and their selection of devices they allow you to use the application on.3/24/2013:  I have to add that part of the reason Google did not design their phone with an external sd card slot is for security. This does not explain why their phone couldn't come with 32 gb of memory. 16 gb is just too little for most people. I use this phone like my mobile laptop because it can do ANYTHING a laptop can except play games. Also two updates ago Google improved the camera with a feature that I find just EXCEPTIONAL: you can now take spherical panorama pics. And they come out just great! It is a great feature to have when you are out traveling. These spherical panorama pics just capture the feel of an area like no other picture can.

The phone itself is amazing! I love it, just kind of annoyed that not all apps work well with ICS yet. I tend to reset the device because some widgets stop functioning properly like Google Voice. I have confidence that as the OS becomes more popular these issues will not be an issue.

This device is a real unlocked phone, you can use AT&T SIM card.  It is not available in the US, great thing that it is available at Amazon, 2 day international shipment is very impressive.

This phone is a very good pure android device,Beware that Cellular Kingdome does not include a proper receipt, therefore if you need warranty repair, the receipt will be rejected.I am yet to find a way to get in touch with the seller and have him submit to me a corrected invoice which must show IMEI number.As for the phone itself - common problem is failure of the USB port: the phone first stops communicating with a PC and later does not charge...

Overall solid phone, crappy battery as we all know but other than that is a great phone. Other issue is the screen in-burn and overheating when using too much.

Overall good experience. I would reccomend a Nexus 4 instead ,but if you can't get one the Galaxy Nexus is a good alternative.What Galaxy Nexus has that Nexus 4 doesn't :- fast shutter camera (a.k.a. zero lag shutter)- the camera has a higher brightness setting (it has +3 to -3 while Nexus 4 only has +2 to -2 )- curved display glass- less likely to show scratches on the back because of the polycarbonate back cover- sAMOLED+ HD display ,for some,is a plus (although because of Pentile pixel arrangement the display has 50% less pixels than a LCD/IPS+ display of equal PPI). Vibrant colours of the AMOLED display look really nice.

I've had it for a little over a year now and am about to replace it because it's dying. But let's start with the good.Pros:- Great size screen. Not too large, not too small, just right.- Looks great, especially without the protective cover.- Very responsive, fast.- No software skins/addons by carriers, just straight awesome android.- Good sound, loud and clear.- Standard micro-usb port for charging- Really strong glass, no scratches or anything after falling on the pavement a couple of times.- Camera shutter lag almost doesn't exist, very quick.Cons:- Screen acquired burnout lines at the top & bottom after a few months.- Battery life is so-so. Definitely needs to be recharged every day, and if actively used, way before the day is over.- Camera quality is pretty bad, especially in low light.- I took it on skiing trips twice. No falls or anything. The phone was inside my jacket all the time. After the first ski trip (temps around 32F) it started acting a bit weird, showing the wrong battery level and discharging very quickly. The issue seemed to go away the following day. After the second trip (temps around 21F) it went completely nuts. It shows that it's charging most of the time (even when it's not), often it starts jumping between showing that it's charging and that it's not, which turns on the screen all the time. I turn off the screen, and a moment later it turns it back on until I either turn it off or put it on the charger. Today it also started making weird sounds every once in a while. Maybe the phone is ok and it's just the battery, or maybe it's the phone. Either way, the ski trips did it in. I'm replacing it, but I'd be curious to know if anyone else experienced similar issues with this or other phones.It was still a good phone while it lasted. And if I knew what I know now and had to get a phone a year ago, I still would have probably gotten this phone.

let me get straight to the point:i am a former android user. i used android on cell phones since mytouch3g all the way to galaxy s. i currently own a dumb phone and an ASUS transmformer tablet. i am also a tech junkie and i am always watching and reading phone and gadget reviews online.android 4.0 is the best android version. it is best in esthetics and performance. samsung is a great hardware maker.ASUS would be a great hardware maker if they only knew how to make decent WIFI and GPS chips.now back to the galaxy nexus:DONT BUY THIS PHONE, because eventhough android 4.0 is better than all former versions of android, the god damned OS still lags and is still choppy. it will frustrate you just as much as older versions did. you dont have to take my words for it: go WATCH (dont just read!!!!) the reviews (eg is video review on phone arena)!!! Now you might think this is crazy talk because people like BGR and Engadget extolled the speed of the performance of this phone in their INITIAL reviews, so you might ask: how could a phone be slow when reviewers say it is fast? Well this is nothing new: everytime a new android version comes out, reviewers praise it for speed and say things like "this beast is mad fast" or whatever!!! BUT that's because they ACTUALLY DONT USE the phone on a day to day basis (most of them secretly use iphones); android phones are fast and smooth when you take em out of the box but a few days of use and you will see the choppiness, inconsistent responsiveness, and lag rear their ugly heads! you will see how your iphone-owning friends STILL get better wifi signal than you, STILL get better quality smoother running apps than you, STILL have a smoother and significantly faster OS than you. Pay no mind to stupid techy spec nonsense!!! dualcore quadcore shmamcore...who cares? thing is still slower than the humble iphone 3gs!! go to the store and try the phone yourself and dont let some BGR guy make your decision. go grab the galaxy nexus and play with it in the store....u will see how as soon as you actually leave the homescreen and start multitasking, the lag, unregistered taps, and choppiness begin.finally beware of android denialists and apologists: those are android fans who know android's shortcomings but they are in denial about them, and attempt to label everyone who criticizes android as an apple fanboy, kinda like the stupid people who label you antisemitic just because you are against israel's expantionistic policies.go read what Andrew Munn wrote in G+. it makes perfect sense, as the engineering student attempts to explain android's bewildering lag. off course, the android junkies went ahead and discredited the guy, some of them did so even before reading what the guy had to say.as much as i hate to admit it, as much as i hate apple's restrictions and overall class act, up to this point, Apple remains the only high tech company that can deliver on its promises of a predictable, consistent, and superior user experience. it really is a shame that no one else can do it. i'd like to see competition but man....with every new android phone or tablet failing miserably at competing with an even older apple product, you wonder if the future is gunna be a world run by apple and no one else....  at this point, i hope windows phone fills the void for a true competitor with apple. props to microsoft for making a smooth and fast running OS.

The design is beautiful and the Android jellybeam is almost perfect. The system runs without gaps. I m amazed with it.

I travel a lot, so this is the perfect phone for me. The only problem is the battery life. It doesn't last the entire day when it's used normally ( few calls, some messages and normal internet use). I like it overall and would recommend it!

I first have to say that this my first unlocked Android phone ever. The only problems I have had was that it rebooted once and it acted a little flaky with in the first couple of hours using it but I think that maybe because of where I live. The area I live at the mobile network is somewhat spotty. Other then that the phone is All Google like one expects. It even updated to 4.0.2 couple of minutes after being setup. It really is the best phone I ever had.

****Google now selling this phone for $399.99 directly on it's website Unlocked/GSM (AT&T;/T-Mobile version)****I really like this phone a lot. A lot!! The OS is much improved with Ice Cream Sandwich. I love having all my Google apps integrated and don't miss my iPhone 4 at all. Google Play (app store) is completely redone and for the better. It's excellent!! The NFC feature (pay at retailers with your phone using Google Wallet/MasterCard, eg. Macy's, etc) I've used twice already and it's so convenient.The front facing cam has been great to use, but do wish the 5MP camera was better.The display is big and bright with great resolution. For $400 Unlocked (FREE Wi-Fi Hotspot!!) this phone is a bargain!!I do miss the lack of a memory expansion slot.The camera could be better.But all in all I'm very happy with my purchase. I really missed Android and with this new OS, I'm right back on Team Android.

I was reluctant buying Nexus since i had galaxy s2 and hardware was of the same level. Now i have the nexus for 2 weeks and it's so way better than SGS2... Clean and smoother interface, feels like a single good product, feels like google. I don't think i will ever buy any other android except for pure google. That could happen only due to some extraordinary camera or huge price benefit. Otherwise - go NEXUS.

This phone is excellent! Great seller too, I ordered 2 phones and they arrived ahead of the estimated time. And in Perfect condition. Really great experience and excellent phones, they upgraded themselves to Jellybean as soon as they were powered on. Haven't missed a beat since day 1. Can't recommend this phone highly enough.

I am an Android enthusiast. I have always preferred the flexibility of Android and its open source nature over more stringent ecosystems like the iPhone. I dislike custom overlays that companies like Samsung and HTC place on their phones due to the fact that they delay major updates to Android by several months. This is unacceptable to me. My first Android phone was the Samsung Moment and I never want to experience the horror of a carrier branded Android phone that does not receive updates ever again.So when I accidentally placed my Nexus S in a washing machine there was only one option for me. I purchased an unlocked GSM Galaxy Nexus from Google Play and popped in my T-Mobile SIM card and everything was perfect. The phone is fast enough for me (not quad-core Exynos or blazing-fast Snapdragon S4), and there is nothing quite like running the newest version of Android without having had to resort to hackery. It's very pleasant.Two days ago, my love affair with my month-old phone ended.The phone sometimes refuses to charge. Yesterday I plugged it into the wall (with the original charger, by the way) and returned three hours later to find that it had not been charging at all. Luckily I found that I can reliably charge the phone by plugging it into the USB port of my laptop. However, when the phone is not plugged into the laptop or wall, it thinks it is charging. Not only that, it acts as if it is being plugged in and out repeatedly, every few seconds. Because of this, the phone's screen never times out. It is always on, always. Because of this, the battery depletes very quickly, even with the screen brightness all the way down.My first Samsung Android phone (Moment) stopped working when it stopped making or receiving phone calls and the Wi-Fi was permanently disabled with an "update".My second Samsung Android phone (Nexus S) stopped working when I placed it in the washer, but before that the USB storage had failed. So I could not move pictures or video or anything to or from my computer.My third and newest Samsung Android phone (Galaxy Nexus) refuses to charge at times and refuses to go into idle mode, draining the battery and making the phone unusable because as I just stated, it refuses to charge at times.I loved Android, I always have. But I think I have gotten to the point where it's just not worth it anymore. The bugs, the faulty hardware, the unbelievably delayed updates (although I have to admit I haven't suffered from that for quite a while) all ruin a great operating system. I will probably buy whatever new iPhone Apple comes up with next.If you do decide to get this phone, good luck. If it doesn't have battery problems, you will enjoy it thoroughly as I did for the month that it worked perfectly. However, a word of advice from someone who gave Samsung Android phones not one, not two, but three chances : AVOID SAMSUNG ANDROID PHONES LIKE THE PLAGUE.Good riddance, Samsung.

Just for the record, its not mine, its my girlfriend's, but I knew getting the Nexus for her is probably the best one - she is so hooked up with it and she definitely likes it. I knew she is going to like it since she wanted a phone that looks simple - no brands on front, no iphone-ish. I get to hold it myself too. I fell in love with its simplicity look, its semi-curve look on the side, but I have a Galaxy Note so I stick to what's mine. lol.Now, on to the Galaxy Nexus' system. Once the phone is turned on for the first time, automatic update showed up immediately for the Jellybean update. Yes, you can count this as a Jellybean phone instead of ICS. It's very fast, fluid - animations are butterly smooth. Compatibility of apps and games are indeed at a top of the charts. For the screen, its not much as the Super Amoled stuff like the Samsung's S or Note lineups, but it's still get that right amount of brightness and color. I can imagine that this phone that you can still use this for more than 2 years. The reason? Pure Google. Whenever Google is going to release new versions of Android, this phone is the first to get updates of it - take Jellybean as an example.Overall, its a great phone! You definitely would like to hold this one on your hands all the time, the form factor, the Android in it. It's just awesome.

This is an awesome smartphone with a plethora of software and hardware additions as compared to other phone like iphone 4s etc.Better, faster, cheaper, funner and simply amazing.For all the people thinking android is hard to use, try this phone out, you will be amazed how easy it is to use.

Just Got it about two weeks ago and i'm very happy with it.As my third Android phone you can really see Google did an excellent work here,from the size to the curve glass, the notification led (what to them anyway they are so useful)

This is what an Android phone should be and with Google re-entering the market I hope there will be more.  Of course if you don't buy it from Google you probably won't get a warranty.This is my third Nexus (previously One and S) and I remain devoted to the pure Google experience.

Item arrived on time, and it was packaged well. It appeared to be new, but the box did show a small amount of wear. After powering on the device it showed a voicemail, before it was activated. Not sure if it was returned or not, but it was in new condition.This is the Docomo branded version. It includes a wall charger that looks identical to the other Samsung chargers I have, but all the text is in Japanese. This phone will NOT charge from any other USB charger. I have NEVER seen an Android device not charge from any USB port. I can't charge it from my car or any of my other chargers. Also, when plugged into my computer it shows "charging", but it doesn't seem to actually charge.For those who would like to know, this is build "yakjuzs", which is not updated by Google. It came with Android Version 4.0.2. System Update shows no update, I don't know how you get updates without manually flashing the Google build.Battery performance is great, all apps work as expected. But, due to the charging limitations, I'm returning this phone.

Best phone ever,with a 720p display videos are so crisp and it is a joy to use. the 4.65" display is so much better than the iphone when it comes to media. Being Google's flagship phone Google apps are a complete joy to use. This phone has very many positive's the screen size, screen size, fast 1.2Ghz processor, Google apps, Google music, 720p display, great camera with no shutter lag and panoramic mode are great. PLus it is 4G capable.  Also what makes this such a great phone is that it is pure ICS and comes with no bloat ware from carriers. Being Google's phone you recieve updates before any other phone and it is easier to root. Widgets and apps look so much nicer than the iPhone, because of the bigger display and because it is really fast. The only negative part is that the camera is not as great as the iphone 4s camera and the speaker is not loud. Sometimes you loose signal very often its a ICS bug however this is a great phone if you are switching from the iPhone or any midrange android device, This really is a great phone specially for multimedia. BTW the Headphones are great they are included with the phone and yes it is 4G HSPA+ 21mb/ sec I will usually get 10-20 down on att and 5mb up very fast. I highly recommend this phone.

Bought this device to get the Ice Cream Sandwich OS and am really enjoying it.  It takes great pictures, it is very fast with downloads and uploads and the battery life is great!!  Used it internationally with a pre-paid SIM and it worked perfectly.

Not as easy to use as my wife's iPhone, but a much larger, sharp screen which is a pleasure to use and easy on the eyes.  My unlocked, all frequencies supported version from Google direct is much handier than current iPhones for use on multiple GSM carriers (it will run 4g on TMobile, not 2g as currently limited on iPhones and also run on AT&T; and Straight Talk and overseas).Until Apple comes out with a better frequency supported GSM phone with a 4.5 inch screen this Nexus fills a nice niche, and for much less than an unlocked (from factory) iPhone.So far only minor glitches on apps. The latest ICS (ice cream sandwich) is still pretty new but since this is Googles own branded phone with no Samsung user interface on top, I expect easy and frequent software updates.If I run into any problems I will update this review. I am running TMobile's $30 a month Walmart plan on this and will just use it for FB, email, and web.________Update: Screen not as bright as on other devices even when cranked up; tends to wash out in office building lighting conditions. Remains excellent for YouTube etc. viewing in typical living room lighting levels. Text is VERY sharp and it is satisfactory for reading for extended periods, but not as sharp as on "new" iPad or on iPhone/4th gen Touch devices. Sharper than iPad 2 (because it is similar resolution in a smaller physical package). Having problems synching my web browser with Google, possibly because I installed Dolphin browser and haven't designated the built-in browser as the default (I need to investigate further).I bought mine directly from Google. Please check the other reviews for warranty issues on some other Google Nexus GSM phones, which are apparently "gray market" imports by the vendor (Amazon vendor, not Amazon itself).I remain pleased with the price/value ratio. Even when and if I break open the piggy bank for an Apple in whatever generation is then popular, this will be my "go-to" phone for trips to Asia. Why? Currently better compatibility with their networks, and not as "steal worthy" as an iPhone. Don't want to see my phone "walk away" or get grabbed away, which has been happening to more and more friends over there. It's easy to spot a good iPhone, because they are all good and all look like iPhones. Android phones are iffier for thieves - some are worth it, most aren't, and even the ones that are worth it, are harder to re-sell except to techno geeks who can tell the difference._________ July 5, 2012 updateThis phone was a lifesaver overseas. It has both tethering and wifi hotspot capabilities, which I haven't seen on factory iPhones. I purchased a flat rate, unlimited internet plan (one month) when I arrived in Asia, and the hotel ended up having internet problems on several occasions. The phone actually came to the rescue, with faster internet than the hotel! Highly recommended.

1280x720 Super AMOLED screen, 1.2 GHZ dual core processor, 1GB of ram, Ice Cream Sandwich, HDMI out, unlocked so you can do what you want? YES PLEASE!Nice to have a phone that I can have an entire days worth of programs running in the background and still play a HD movie flawlessly.YOU NEED THIS

I bought the Galaxy Nexus from this specific Amazon page.  I was worried because I wasn't sure that it would work with my T-Mobile service.However, within minutes of turning it on after putting the sim card from my other phone into this one and charging it, everything worked flawlessly.  Contacts, calendars, readers, etc. just showed up without any effort.  Minimal effort was required to configure non-gmail email account.And Wow! What a phone!Everything is smooth and bright and clear and fast and easy.  It switches between network and WiFi flawlessly and becomes a WiFi hotspot for my laptop (or I just tether via USB).  Music sounds great through my Monster Headphones and the screen is actually big and bright enough that I can watch video even with my old eyes.Anyway, the primary reason I wrote this review is that if you're wondering whether or not this phone will work with T-Mobile, the answer is a resounding yes!

Everyone needs to realize the price of this phone is average for a brand new phone that's unsubsidized.  I paid this much for my Nexus One when it came out.  You have an option here, either you can buy it from Verizon for $199.99 with a 2 year contract and only be able to use it on verizon (Not bad if you're already with verizon) however if you want to use this phone with AT&T; or T-Mobile then you will have to buy the GSM unlocked version which is unsubsidized.  The benefit of this is you can use it on any carrier that has the correct bandwidths (Pretty much an GSM carrier) in any country.  So if you're with AT&T; now, you can buy the phone, have full data service but later if your decide to go to T-Mobile you can take your phone with you, exchange sim cards and ta-da...your phone works again, with full 4G data service on T-Mobile as well.So, there's a plus side and down side to both.  You can make the choice, but don't rate the phone poorly because you don't think it's a good deal because you can get it cheaper by being put under contract.

even though it's not the newest cellphone on the market, it has anything the average user needs, and more.works better than any iphone, and and not far behind the Samsung Galaxy S III

this phone is beautiful, big and fast, hd display. i like everyone of this. 5 star. with 4.1 jb software better.

The android experience was the best i ever had! i cant put this phone down! so many things you can do with this phone that the only way to truly understand my love for this phone is to have it yourself! You won't be disappointed.

Good phone, amazing display and size.. the custom ROM (ICS) is not the best, but if you flash a better one, this phone is amazing.

I have no problems with the Android OS, and I had a lot of fun with all the free apps available, so this review will be centered on the phone hardware and support.I own 2 of these phones.  One of them is still working, about a year after I bought it.  The other one stopped working 6 months after purchase.  I consider a working product to be a requirement for a 2+ star rating.The battery life seems ridiculously short, although these are my first smart phones, so maybe this is typical.I remember my old Sprint LG and Samsung flip phones going days without a recharge, whereas the Galaxy dies in 8 hrs without a charge.  Turning off wireless probably extends the battery life somewhat, but actually talking on the phone (which is what people used to do on phones in the 80's), drains the battery much faster.  If Ryan Reynolds had one of these phones in that movie where he's buried alive, the movie would have lasted 10 minutes.  Maybe 20 minutes.My main complaint is that one of the phones broke.  It was never dropped or violated in any way.  It had a nice purple cover and the original Google screen protector.  It stopped turning on after 6 months.  The first thing I tried was plugging in the battery from my working phone, but no luck.  Then I tried all the internet tricks: doing a hard reset, plugging the charger into various orifices, shorting the battery, calling Samsung's customer &#34;support&#34; line, talking to the phone in a stern voice, but nothing... just a battery icon and then a blank screen.  Smart phones?  More like dumb phones.My final criticism of this phone is that there appears to be no warranty policy for US customers of the international phone.  Let me correct myself: their warranty policy is that they have no policy.  Somewhere in a Samsung customer &#34;support&#34; center (and by &#34;somewhere&#34;, I mean India), they have a sign on the wall that says &#34;F___ US customers who are trying to be global and sh_t with their international phones.&#34;  And every time a customer calls trying to claim their 24 month warranty, they probably giggle and text each other on their iphones.If anyone in a position of power from Samsung is reading this, I do take bribes, and in exchange for a working phone, I will replace every instance of the word &#34;phone&#34; with &#34;amazing piece of Samsung technology&#34; in this rating.

My first android phone,  am actually typing the review with the phone, awesome phone pure Google experience is just incredible, I could have gone with an s3 but I did not. I chose this phone for the main reason that it's a nexus device and, this means I will always have the latest and greatest android version from Google. Apart from that I like to be able to swap out my battery, and that's why I didn't  buy the nexus 4. well I have  this phone for the past 2 months and it works a great. I highly recommend it.

This phone do everything you want, have an excellent cost/functionality relation. It is like a computer in one hand. All social networks, email, browsing, voice recognition works perfectly. Great support from Google with the latest updates available. Runs everything smooth.

excellent product. the best phone ever, i have bought 4 of them already, all my family has it now! is automatic update, just turn it on and will update to ics 4.0.4

it is for Japanese market,and all instructions are written in Japanese,that is Samsung Galaxy Nexus SC-04D Docomo(yakjuxe),the box was not sealed,but it looks like brand new anyway,smartphone have an operating system Android 4.0.1 yakjuxe,therefore Google will not update Android to version 4.0.4,but thanks to the good people I am flash the system myself...

I've had this phone for a weekend so far and I really like it.  Bought it from Global Mobiles and it came in 2 days.  Popped my T-Mobile sim right out of my Nexus One and into this phone and it was off and running (gotta love GSM).  Was worried that it wouldn't be a "yakju" device like others have reported and I would have to re-image it to get the proper Google updates.  Checked it and it was a "yakju" device out of the box.  It asked me to update the phone minutes after I turned it on for the first time to 4.0.2 which was great.  Haven't had any of the issues that others have reported.  It did crash and reboot once while I was in the middle of using an app but this was a little while after I had went into the developer setting and set the phone to force hardware 2D rendering.  I promptly went back and turned this setting off and it hasn't crashed since.  Better to wait for developers to enable this in their apps.  The phone feels really fast especially compared to my Nexus One (as expected for a dual-core device).  The phone has pretty good reception, I get HSPA+ in most places averaging 3 to 4 bars.  I'm still getting used to some of the changes in Android and the size of the phone as well.  Even though its made of plastic,  the phone feels well put together (other then the battery cover, see below), its no iPhone, but I feel it holds its own.  The screen is amazing on phone.  The camera is so so, if you want to take nice pictures then buy a real camera.My big gripes with the phone are:- The battery cover is a bit of a pain to put back on.  I was a little nervous I was going to break it putting it back on.- 16gb only with no mico-sd card slot.  I was holding out for the 32gb model which would have taken care of this but after it was confirmed there would be no 32gb GSM model I went and bought this phone.- The phone felt a little slick in my hands and I felt like I was going to drop it.  I bought an Otterbox Commuter case and I can't recommend it enough.  Best phone case I've seen so far.Otterbox SAM4-I515X-20-E4OTR Commuter Series Hybrid Case for Samsung Galaxy Nexus - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black-Charging adapter is kinda cheap looking and the way the U.S. plug inserts into it feels really loose.-Some apps aren't fully ICS ready yet.  Example: the Twitter app will not sync with my contacts.  Not a deal breaker and will subside with time.If you want a pure Android phone and you don't want to go to Verizon (or eventually Sprint) this is your best bet.  Like I said above I ordered it from Global Mobiles which qualifies for Amazon Prime and I ended up with a "yakju" phone so keep this in mind when you buy.  They also include instructions for setting up the APN's if you're an AT&T; customer which was nice (I didn't have to set anything up for T-Mobile).  So far I'm very happy with the device they sent me and I would recommend them to everyone else.  Except for one crash which I'm convinced was my doing, I haven't had any of the issues that other users have reported.  I'll update further if I run into any serious issues.  So far this phone has been a great upgrade from the Nexus One.

I love this phone! It has everything I want and need! I take it with me anywhere and can do everything I do on my notebook. The phone is light, thin, comfortable to hold! Excellent screen and sound - I watch movies, listen music, read books, browse the Internet, play games, talk on SKYPE, use Office applications and GPS navigation!

Easy to hold and use. doesn't get warm. great screen. smooth operation and best of all - automatic OS updates from Google keeps my phone up to date!

Fast, incredible touch, good battery, soft, good camera, screen is really huge! I'm satisfy!In my opinion the weak point is the speaker is not too loud. Usually when you are in a noisy place...it's difficult to listen the ring.

The battery cover is like a refurbished one... i had this phone in the past.... and i bought this to my friend bur the quality is obviusly way different....this is like a refurbished one.....

I have used this phone for 6 months and not encountered any issues with it.I have used all the previous Nexus mobile phones. And I prefer a clean phone with little third party programs.All the updates are directly from Google. Thus, you can get any updates quickly. Galaxy S2 or S3 are getting the updates slower than this phone.

I received the phone from Yapper/Excell Mobile Distributors with the original seal intact. The seller included a US adapter for the power supply. The phone came with yakjujp 4.0.2 and I flashed to yakju 4.0.4. I am using the phone with T-Mobile.I was previously running ICS on a Nexus S. The bigger screen, HSPA+, and LED notification lights are all nice improvements over the Nexus S. The battery seems to last longer and ICS is more responsive. I liked having dedicated menu and search buttons but I am getting used to life without them. The soft buttons are nice - you receive visual feedback when clicking them, they rotate with the phone, and the buttons disappear entirely when using full screen mode in some applications (e.g. YouTube). The screen is so large that I cannot reach every corner with a single hand unless I loosen my grip on the phone. Despite its large size the phone is thin, light, and fits well in jean pockets.My only gripe is with the camera. It can take pictures quickly but the picture quality is underwhelming.*UPDATE*I experienced the signal loss issue after flashing to 4.0.4 build IMM76D. I received an OTA update to 4.0.4 build IMM761 which appears to have resolved the signal loss issue. This update can be applied manually if you do not want to wait for an OTA update.

I got my Galaxy Nexus in June.  The end of September the phone stopped charging.  We waited for more than 2 weeks while it was "repaired" in Texas.  When the phone was returned it still wouldn't charge.  After a couple more calls a new charger and battery was sent to us.  With the new battery it started charging, but would drop phone calls a few minutes into a phone call.  Once again we had to send it to Texas for repair.  We received the phone this morning and it is missing the SIM card and the back cover.  I've had to call half a dozen times to get things fixed and each time I get transferred to 2 or 3 different departments and it takes 30-60 minutes or more.  It's been over a month and I still don't have a working phone--and all this time I've been paying for service.  I like the phone when it works, but the Samsung support model is such a disaster that I will never purchase a Samsung product again.  When my iPhone failed I took it to the Apple store and they replaced it in less than half an hour.

Not bad phone, but the back cover broke in less than 2 years. It continued to work, but with the problem with the back cover.

The Nexus has exceeded my expectations! It is amazing! The screen has very vivid colors and high resolution...It's a great deal...

Simply put, this is the best Android device ever.Pros:1. Incredibly sexy: thin but not too thin, slightly contoured, more rigid than other Samsung Android devices thanks to the internal metal frame2. Large, bright, detailed screen.  However it doesn't come off as huge due to minimal bezel and the use of the bottom portion of the screen for contextual soft-keys.  The screen uses a pentile-matrix configuration, but the pixel density is so good that you really can't notice unless you look very closely and even then it's difficult to tell.  The blacks melt into to the bezel beautifully and the colors pop.3. You get the very latest version of Android, with instant updates from Google.  I have grown to despise carrier/OEM UI skins and their accompanying OS update delays.  The Android 4.0 UI is a huge upgrade and behaves much much better, making such carrier/OEM skins even less desirable.  The interface seems to have been reworked from the ground up for smooth, responsive operation.  Transitions are slick, and apps run great.  I haven't had app compatibility issues some others have mentioned; some games haven't been updated for 4.0 yet but most apps I use work fine.  The whole experience is leaps and bounds over any prior version of Android.  4.0 seems made for this phone and works perfectly.4. If you get the unlocked GSM version, it works on any GSM network in the world with up to 21mbps HSPA+ speeds.  I bought it overseas and popped in a $30/mo T-Mobile SIM and it works perfectly, I get speeds between 3-8mbps in the SF Bay Area, with seamless transitions between EDGE, HSPA/HSPA+.  Not to mention no carrier bloatware!5. Everything in the OS works great: Wifi hotspot, bluetooth tethering, bluetooth HID (I tried Apple wireless keyboard and trackpad), battery and bandwidth monitoring, music controls on earphones, built-in equalizer, HDMI out over MHL.  I am amazed at the relative lack of bugs in the OS given how new it is.6. The device is relatively easy to take apart (according to iFixit.com) and OEM parts are popping up on ebay, so if you break something or something stops working, you can fix it relatively easily and cheaply (except the screen, don't break that! You would have to replace the whole screen/digitizer/housing assembly)7. Thanks to having a single worldwide GSM model, there are plenty of compatible accessories available already8. Touch sensitivity on the screen is great.  The UI 'sticks' to your finger much closer than other Android devices I've used, though still not *quite* as close as iPhone -- however the iPhone people who have used my phone don't seem to notice.  In fact, this is the first Android device I've had where iPhone people don't immediately fault-find when they use it, and seem kind of thoughtful and chagrined instead9. Battery life seems pretty good for an Android device.  Not as good as an iPhone, but I can easily make it through a whole day of moderate-to-heavy use.  The removable battery means you can improve the battery life with an extended battery and can replace it when it starts to give out.  The OEM extended battery provides a modest boost in battery life and fits the phone's shape very nicely -- I highly recommend this upgrade unless you really like the phone's recessed backCons:1. Lack of an SD card slot and only 16GB of internal memory.  This is the only thing that bothers me.  However USB OTG solves part of this problem (with a special cable, you can plug in an external mass storage device -- this does not currently work without rooting, but official support will be included in a future firmware update as confirmed by Google)2. Screen is scratchable... it's not Gorilla Glass but the point is, even Gorilla Glass scratches given contact with the right material.  Order a good screen protector when you order the phone and don't take off the retail packaging screen film until you are ready to put on the screen protector.  This will keep your display perfect for years.3. Screen doesn't seem *quite* as bright as the SGS2 screen, but it's still brighter than any LCD I've used.4. You still can't buy the GSM version with a Samsung USA warranty... but if you buy it from a reputable international retailer they will broker your international warranty claims, or you can get it with a 3rd-party USA warranty from such as Newegg.  Maybe one day you will be able to get the GSM version with a Samsung USA warranty, but I'm starting to lose hope.  I even tried contacting Samsung USA support but they won't touch the i9250 for repairs, even if you're willing to pay5. Most of the software issues I previously noted have been fixed with updates from Google.  Camera quality has definitely improved, but still falls short of some Android phones and definitely the iPhone.  Hopefully this will continue to improve with further updates6. Buying the unlocked GSM version is still moderately expensive, and will always be more expensive than buying it subsidized on contract.  However no USA carrier has announced they will be carrying the GSM version so maybe it will never happen.  I had a hard time parting with the money until I received the device... but after owning it for a day, any regrets were completely gone.  I would pay that money again in a heartbeatHere are some additional cons if you decide to get the VZW version:1. Locked down to the VZW USA network on an expensive monthly plan (about $80/mo minimum, and a $350 ETF) with data caps (2-4GB/mo)2. LTE drains battery life (this has improved considerably with software updates, but still drains battery quicker when the LTE radio is on)3. VZW bloatware installed but can be disabled, they charge an extra $20/mo for wifi hotspot, firmware version disparity with GSM model4. A little bit fatter and heavier, making it less compatible with accessories for the international GSM version5. IMHO: you're not really getting the pure experience in terms of the OS, it's sullied by VZW's strong-arm business decisionsSome pros for the VZW version:1. You can pay around 100+tax for the device with new/reup contract2. VZW LTE is crazy fast (but you will hit the data cap that much quicker)3. USA warranty and carrier support4. 32GB internal memoryBottom line: if you like Android, you will love this phone and won't be able to go back to anything else unless you need/want some hardware support outside of these specs (eg. you really prefer a smaller phone, or you really need an SD slot)

This phone is absolutely the best smartphone ive had to date. Easy to root and unlock and once done takes it above and beyond. I use it as a 4g hotspot on my chromebook and it has been wonderful. There are a ton of ROM's and kernels to flash on the Gnex.Domenic

Ice cream Sandwich on Galaxy Nexus is just incredible. The User Experience much much better than the last android version that I had on my Nexus One (Gingerbread). Everything is much more pleasing to the eyes and combined that with the awesome features that android always offered (Navigation, Gmail, Google Music).And here is the biggest thing that I love about android phones, within 10min of switching ON the phone I had all the apps, contacts, mails, music, calendar in place. Just entered the the Google Id on startup and I am all set to go, in fact even my wifi settings were in place: this is what I call hassle free experience.

Great phone. Perfect for movies  netflix and games. Only down fall is no sd slot and camera. Is a great phone

This phone is hands-down the best phone on the market.  Even with the new quad-core phones coming out, the Galaxy Nexus holds its own.  Stock ICS, Pentaband HSPA+, and an amazing screen make it the best phone in existance.  It is well worth the price to buy it unlocked.

Great product! Beat aneroid ever!!Item came in time with no problemes.Nexus prime is also fit to the Israeli cellcom and pelephone.

The phone (galaxy nexus) is great but this is a japanese docomo version with modfied rom (yakjuxe). That means you will have problems with late or problematic ota updates of ICS.UPDATE : 15/11/2012After some drawbacks to update via OTA, I had to unlock the phone bands, after that, I get the updates without problems. I have received 3 updates, now I have Android 4.1.1 JBI am very satisfied with this smarphone has nothing to enviadiarle aa the SIII Galaxys or iPhone 4S, is very fast and the sharpness of the screen is impressive, from Netflix movies look excellent.

first of all if your wondering if the phone works with the bring your own phone deal from straight talk it does and it works great best deal ever 45 bucks a month unlimited everything.Now al start with the bad things about the phone first the get them out of the way.- the back speaker on the phone sucks really don't plan on using it for anything other then hearing your phone ring or getting a msg.-it only has a 5mp camera. But it still takes great photos with it running jelly bean but that's only a personal annoyance to me atleast.And that's all I can think of for now on to the plus's+ its running jelly bean!!! This makes everything super fast and responsive I love it.+ great battery life. its easily lasts me all night at work and the most I get out of it is 10 hours of being on the internet that's mainly what I do on it.+ beautiful screen. I love looking at it all day long I work with people who have the galaxy s3 and and it look just as good as it.+ very sturdy. It won't shatter if you drop it.  And also love how the phone feels in your hands super slim and super comfortable

I've had this phone for about three weeks but my model is GT-I9250. I got it new from ebay and the box had the samsung UK seal on it. As soon as I placed my T-Mobile sim card from my former Galaxy SII SGH-T989 and turned this phone on, the signal was on E then within seconds it went to 3G then to H. It prompted me for update of OS of around 8.7MB. I checked the OS version afterwards and it was 4.0.2 and the app that checks for YAKJU build confirmed this was pure google OS and that it will get latest updates directly from google. After a week went by the phone was working flawlessly no random reboot no freezes just smooth ICS but I wanted 4.0.4 update since I heard how much it improves the OS. After trying the manual update mode several times I decided to boot it using power and both volume up/down button to check the specs. Mines didn't have PRIMELA03 bootloader and other stuff written there didn't match phones that had been flashed with google OS from googles developer website. So after trying several times I finally got the universal drivers to install on my windows 7 pc and proceeded to flash the latest ICS version 4.0.4. I did everything as instructed on the web but now I was unsure if my phone would be able to download future updates and install them without issues. So I flashed my phone again but with version 4.0.4 build #: IMM76D which from what I heard had radio/signal issues and google had to push out build number IMM76I to fix it. After I flashed and relocked the bootloader the phone turned on and prompted for a very small OS update and downloaded and installed without any issues. As far as I can tell this phone is awesome if you can tweak it once to get the actual google ICS image directly from google. Mines has been working for over a week now on the latest update and it has been flawless smooth and fluid ICS OS no freezes like my galaxy SII which still uses gigngerbread 2.3.6 and the added touchwiz which I hated. Bottom line if you have been thinking of getting onto the android bandwagon then this is the particular wagon you need to jump on. I have had iPhone since 2007 up until iPhone 4 and got tired of Apples restrictions.

good in all. gud price for a good products. the screen is perfect the colors are brilliant and after the actualitation to jelly bean is very very fast and smooth. the only bad is that this no detect the 4.2 jelly bean actualitation because the version that the seller send me was jakjuux and not jakju this second is the version witch google direct support the other is for samsung

Have been in use for a long time, very stable, high performance price ratio, the screen bright and delicate, like it very much

I love this phone. I have owned numerous phones throughout the years (android, iPhone, windows, etc). iPhone used to be my favorite, couldn't live with out it, etc. But their updates are to far apart and they are starting to lag behind. So, I ditched my iPhone 4 and got the unlocked Galaxy Nexus. I love this phone!Pros:-Large Screen-Android 4.0-App Store (apps are starting to exceed iPhone apps)-Look & Feel of the phone-Screen Resolution-Quick OS updatesCons:-The camera is subpar. Not really any better than the Nexus S. I would have thought they'd update that with at least 8MP since this is their 3rd phone. The 5MP camera on this phone doesn't even compare to the 5MP on the iPhone 4. The pictures are far worse on the GNex.Overall I like the phone. I am definitely keeping it and would recommend to anyone!

I bought this cellphone for my brother who had a very old one. He is very happy with it, the only disadvantage  is the memory space limited...

The version I bought was the international Galaxy Nexus, i9250. It is the version that can be easily converted between software versions using the Factory Images available on the Android site.In short, this is a great device. It does not have the best construction quality (noticeable, rough edges at one side of the front), it's a Samsung after all, but when it launched it had everything, including an HD screen with a resolution that, even today (feb 2014), the iPhone can't match. The PenTile arrangement didn't bother me at all, and images were crisp enough. Of course they were not as crisp as a full RGB HD, but it was better than what other phones had to offer in the OLED camp. That said, the OLED at that resolution was marvelous to look at (today we are spoiled by 1080p screens), especially because the unmatched contrast made possible by black pixels that actually are black when black. :)Burn out of the blue pixels still are not a pronounced issue. You can't normally notice, only under specific backgrounds. It is much, much less than the Nexus S I had before it, and most of it is also transitory (disappears after a few seconds). Some of it is permanent, however. As I said, it does not bother me even today.More than 2 years later, I'm moving towards a Nexus 5, but this phone is still impressive and can handle basically all apps except those that need graphics performance (like games). Also, this phone received the last official update last year, so it won't have (officially, at least) Android 4.4/KitKat. However, regarding compatibility, you shouldn't have problems for a long time. Since Android 4.3/Jelly Bean already had major components that apps use in a daily-basis, this isn't, by any means, a compatibility problem anywhere near the break that 3.0;3.2/Honeycomb and 4.0/Ice Cream Sandwich were. The performance is also decent even today: on a daily basis, it is smoother than many higher end phones that were launched after the Galaxy Nexus. The fact that the Nexus line software is slim, not bloated, also helps.I don't think anyone should buy it (a 2.5 years old model after all) for this price (there are many better devices much cheaper). A bit more and you can get a Nexus 5. Some less and you can get midrange devices released recently that are much better than the Galaxy Nexus.

Hi, well... not much to say...my nexus is not working properly since the first day it turn off many times and i have to putt the bathery off so i can turn it on again, it gets too hot i mean too hot! more than others (i already compare it) i am worried because amazon needs to have the cell phone in 2 days but i can take it to USA (i am from vzla) i need to wait until august to take it there (miami)...and samsung does not give me technical service in Vzla since my cell phone was bougth by amazon... so i am sad and angry... an advice? if you want a cell phone dont buy it by internet if you are outside USA, and defenitly prefer iphone it has less problems propabilities.... :(

First, I should mention I love  my phone, I still have my Nexus One and I love it even tough I recognize its limitations.  However I needed a second phone and I don't like customized android versions (had Motorola's and Samsung Galaxy S and different tablets), so I knew the Galaxy Nexus would be a perfect fit.As a phone it doesn't dissapoint, it is fast and easy to use. Features were improved in different areas and it feels  very snappy. However, I bought it mainly to have my phone updated to Jelly Bean when it arrived, as I thought was implicit in Nexus phones...I was wrong, I realized now there are different versions of Galaxy Nexus, and not all of them receive updates from Google, and as I understand there are two variants still not getting Jelly Bean, Verizon and international versions (yakjuxw, as my phone, bought here in Amazon) haven't.I didn't know that since I bought it before Jelly Bean release and had already 4.0.4, and now I found myself pressing the 'check for updates' button too many times, no luck.--- UPDATE 2012/09/04Just got an e-mail from Samsung support, currently there's no official release date for that firmware version for Galaxy Nexus.--- UPDATE 2012/09/07Oh no! phone was working fine until noon yesterday and then lost the network signal! baseband version and IMEI unknown... problem persists after wiping and reseting and changing chips... so the nightmare begins...--- UPDATE 2012/09/12 - DEADAfter talking to US Samsung Support they failed to register the phone in their system since it seems it's an international version, they forwarded me to Samsung Canada (still don't know why) and they couldn't help me either (They don't even see my ticket number!). If they cannot register it they cannot even give me an approved repair center... so I have a Galaxy Nexus Touch, it's dead guys!

This is a great smart phone but network is sometimes completely disconnected. In this state, the antenna looks ok but the color of the antenna becomes grey and network doesn't work at all. In order to recover from this disconnected state, I should reboot the phone.It happens very often when I use fast wifi ap and 3g network.In order to prevent it, I am using 2g only mode and slow wifi ap(54Mbps(ieee 802.11g) or below).Even after I upgraded the firmware, this issue was not fixed. I guess it is not a software problem but a hardware problem.

The phone runs android 4.3. It can handle most daily activities, and the 16gb make it good enough for the normal person. I recommend backing up all your photos and videos to save space. It wouldnt get full too fast. It can hold enough for me. No complains really. Camera looks great. Both work well. Having the buttons on the display might take some getting used to but thats about it. Speaker isnt very loud, so if thats a big thing for you just get a speaker for it, but thats about all I can say is bad about the phone. Works with my T-Mobile sim.

Excelent product! It's great! The 4.0.1 Android is magnific, and the cellphone is too fast, easy use.The camera is excellent, excellent pictures can be take.

Problems with phone:1. Phone automatically switches to Airplane mode thereby disabling any connectivity. As a result, I cannot use my phone to call anyone. Ever.2. The android update always results in &#34;Package cannot be downloaded&#34;-error. So say goodbye to any updates from android.3. The build is cheap but you cant expect a lot from a 300$ phone.I am sure some of my friends have different opinion about their phone. But NEVER buy this phone from WORLDWIDE Distributors. They seem least interested in providing customer service. Though I like samsung this might be their last product I ever buy

this phone has every things (exception using it as laptop with control board like download),so if im samsung company or google i will do that,so lots of poeple (who deals with controllers like HVAC,BMS,......) will have this one ,espcailly when u work outside (raining,hot weather) OR when u need quick information.anyway:thanks for samsung  and google

Which was basically a PDA that doubled as a cellphone so I wouldn't have to lug around two devices.Google Calendar, Contacts, and Tasks work perfectly with my work PC, school laptop, and even my Linux netbook.  Coupled with other cloud-based apps like Dropbox (I'll eventually switch to Google Drive since it offers 5 times the storage and is also free) and Evernote, all of my organizing needs are pretty much squared away.Sure, the other apps and features are nice too: Jet Audio for beautiful music playback, VLC player for video, Chrome for web surfing, Flixster, Google Maps, News and Weather feeds, Calculator, Stopwatch/Timer, Voice Recorder, Camera, Skype, etc.  But 70% of my non-phone usage with this device is still mainly work/organizing related.  Don't really have the time or desire to go comb through the thousands of available apps out there, so I think that 16GB of storage this device comes with will be more than sufficient.I was not happy with the battery life, until I downloaded the free Easy Battery Saver, which has at least doubled my battery life...it does so by disconnecting the internet whenever in Sleep Mode, so you have to tolerate a 5-10 second reconnect time every time you wake it up.  Now I am averaging about 36 hours between charges with moderate use.  I still wish it could go for 3-4 days on a single charge like my 3 year old Samsung Star phone could, but of course that's apples and oranges.  Still, this battery limitation does contribute to my reluctance to frequently use this device as a music/video player, GPS, etc.  So although it is CAPABLE of being an all-in-one multipurpose device in theory and specs, the battery does discourage that in reality.  This is pretty much a given in all smartphones these days though, with the possible exception of the iPhone but I refuse to pay almost twice as much to join Apple's evil closed ecosystem.However, I am happy to say that this phone doesn't have much of the annoying system lag of my ancient Samsung Star phone---it happens maybe 5-10% of the time, tops unlike with the Star it was more like 50/50 if the darn screen would register a tap or swipe the first time.  So I guess the dual-core processor is no joke.  When I first got it, I sort of went overboard with deleting or uninstalling all the apps that I didn't see myself ever using, including the Google ones...I ignored the pop-up windows warning of possible system malfunction, and whaddaya know, after half a day the darn thing froze up on me and I had to do a manual reset.  Miraculously, my online Google account saved about 75% of my settings, so when I restarted the device from default I didn't have to reinstall everything.  Now I have to admit that I am much, much more cautious/tolerant of the built-in Google apps I don't use...I've left them alone and haven't had a single hiccup since.I noticed that the battery cover is a bit flimsy right off the bat, it was one of the driving factors that led me to spend twenty three bucks for an Otterbox Defender case with rigid screen protector...worth every penny!  Now am super confident that this baby will survive ANY kind of mishap or abuse I put it through.4 stars, due to so-so battery life and Google bloatware apps that apparently cannot be disabled or removed without ill consequences...if it were about a hundred dollars less I'd happily give 5 stars.  (Got mine from Google direct, about three eighty with tax and shipping.)

Excellent phone, fast, android jellybean 4.1.1, block face, unlock, perfect in Venezuela, its nexus update fast, google plataform & samsung

I absolutely adore this phone, and it was worth every penny I paid to get an unlocked phone.  It's fast and functional, and the screen is large and gorgeous without the phone being heavy.  My carrier has a horrible selection of smart phones, and after dealing with the Motorola XT720 for 15 months (FAR too long!), I was ready to throw it through a window.  But I've been with my carrier so long that I'm grandfathered into several deals I'd lose (and have to pay much more $ per month for) if I were to switch carriers, so an unlocked phone was my best bet.  After a few days of research and a high, high recommendation from a friend who had recently purchased an unlocked Nexus herself, I bit the bullet and am completely thrilled.  It seems like the biggest complaint from potential buyers is that there's no expandable memory, but unless you're going to load your phone with tons music (I prefer to use my iPod as a dedicated music device), I think you should have more than enough room to function for a long time.  I have quite a few apps, and have taken tons of pictures since getting the phone, and have barely made a dent in the phone's memory.  Highly recommend.

I bought from Surge Telecom. It arrived quickly and brand new (sealed). The handset came unlocked (GSM/HSPA+ penta band) and running ICS 4.0.4. Within an hour of powering on, it prompted me to install Jelly Bean 4.1.1 build JRO03C via OTA update. I am impressed with the fluidity of the latest stock Android OS from Google.After using the phone for couple of days, I have not come across any problem with the phone. So overall I am happy with my purchase. Great seller and experience!

$950 just for a phone? Unbelievable. You, people, must have lost your minds. It's just a smartphone, for chrissake. I'd buy it for $350 from you. Get back to me.

Its price is high so i can bay it new for 430 USD so why shuld i bay the galaxy nexus for 460 USD ?

Perfect phone. It is fast and beautiful. I was thinking that it could be a little big, but it is the perfect size. It is very thin and it become invisible when you put it on your pocket. I came from a Samsung Nexus S and the upgrade was huge !!!

This is the GSM version of the Galaxy Nexus.  It works fully with T-Mobile's USA network.  It's perfect in every way.  Pair it with T-Mobile's $30/month monthly no-contract plan (100min/unlimitedSMS/5GBdata) and what you save in avoiding contract plans will pay for the phone in no time.Note that it also works fully on AT&T;.

Purchased from On The Go solutions, and have filed for a return or replacement.  I'll update this review with the results of my return process.  First the reasons why I'm returning the phone:- The phone keeps dropping cell service.  Zero bars, and the message "No Service" appears.  Toggling airplane mode, manually searching for networks, rebooting, and reboot with battery pull all do nothing.  Then mysteriously it will start working again for a while, with full bars (which is the normal condition for T-Mobile from my home and work).  Reviews online don't suggest this is a common problem for this phone; it just appears defective.- Volume down button sticks.  I kept noticing that the phone was always on vibrate only.  Then one time I rebooted it and the phone started up in ODIN recovery mode (which is power+volume-down).  If I tap a few times on the volume down I can unstick it, but it will stick again later.  Reviews online suggest this phone is somewhat susceptible to button failures, probably from use over time.- The phone was not new as advertised by the seller.  The box did have an unbroken Samsung seal, but that seal had been placed *over* an original seal that had been broken.  I suspect this is a refurbished phone, and I'm disappointed that the seller was not careful enough to accurate list the product.  I'm not sure a used 2+ year old phone with no warranty is worth $250.I do like this phone model.  Here are my favorite features:- Data on T-Mobile 4G is very fast, at least compared to my older 3G phone.- Battery life seems to be good.  Minimal use but push e-mail nets me about 18 hours or so between charges.- Uses a mini-SIM card (this the earlier SIM form factor, larger than the micro-SIM most smart phones are now using).  This way I can use my older phone as a backup (same SIM card form factor).- Screen is gorgeous- Processor is zippy; no lags in the UI to my eye.- Google supports this phone with Android 4.3.- I have a friend who purchased one of these when it first came out and it has been rock solid for him over the years.There were a few downsides to this phone that I perceive to be design issues and not endemic to this particular phone:- Call quality is OK, but I heard some echo a few times, and so did a caller, once.- Loudspeaker volume is weak enough to be somewhat unusable.  My old Galaxy S is significantly louder.I like this phone model, and hope the seller is able to replace this defective one with a truly new one as advertised.UPDATE: 09/18/2013I'm late updating this review.  The seller, On The Go Solutions, was responsive.  I asked for a replaecment, but in new condition as advertised.  They accepted the return and promptly refunded my purchase price, indicating that they currently had no stock of the phone.

why should I buy it here where Google is selling it for $399 ? I do not see a sense at all.

Bought this phone and it is fantastic. My older phone was an android so I just used google to sync up my apps and settings before switching the T-Mobile sim card in. Everything downloaded and set correctly, minus a few contacts I forgot to stick on my google account beforehand. The stock battery lasts just a bit longer than my last phone (HTC sensation), but I decided to go with a larger battery (QCell 3850 mAh) since I am using my phone more and more with all the google features.I downloaded 3rd party widgets and lock-screens to fill the void since this is pure android, but if anything I feel there are superior free ones compared to the stock widgets that come with most phones. Best of all no bloated carrier programs or locked/invisible settings, everything is open and clean. Tip: set autocorrect under keyboard settings to maximum since this has a updated version installed than what HTC and some other phones use.

I have had all the iPhones, a couple Samsung S3's, a few HTC phones and I currently have an LG Nexus 4. Even though it's now falling behind in modern specs, I still think it's the best phone made. It's had the perfect width and height screen longer than any phone, it has a removable back for changing out the battery in the middle of the day, and it runs Google's latest OS getting updates almost right away after release.The Samsung Nexus is better than the LG because it's a durable and thin phone that allows you to change the battery when you want.I hope Google lets Samsung build their flagship phone again or that the new rumored Google/Motorola phone is more like The Samsung Nexus.A seriously good phone!

I used this phone for almost 2 years before I replaced it.  It was a great phone and I loved that it was a pure Google phone.  I really liked getting the updates for Android quickly and not have to depend on the carriers changing items.  I would recommend any other Nexus phones such as the Nexus 5 and any Google Play Edition phones of the Samsung Galaxy line or HTC One line.

I've never had an issue with Galaxy Nexus. In fact, I love it for the open system design. A lot of developers are working on its ROMs to improve and add mor functions to it.

This is actually my first android phone and i'm regreting not buying one sooner. This is also a great product for the price!

This is a nice buy even with Nexus 4 around the corner(it's currently sold out in minutes).The only bad thing is that having a Nexus doesn't guarantee you with the latest software update, I'm still waiting for 4.2 and been stuck in 4.1 for months...

Having owned every iPhone, I was eager to find an android phone that would meet my needs in terms of stability and design. In the past, every android phone I tried left me unimpressed and heading to the next generation iphone. Galaxy Nexus was the first phone that I said wow, this is actually better than my iPhone. You can't really beat pure Android experience -- large beautiful screen coupled with the update to 4.1 Jelly Bean, the experience is as smooth as iOS. The biggest problem I had was that the camera quality was awful compared to iPhone 4S. I use my phone as my primary shooter when I'm out with friends and family, and the gnex pictures would come out dull and grainy. If you don't care for the camera, I'd definitely recommend this phone.

hi,fast delivery, the product arrived on time and in great condtion - new.the samsung galaxy nexus is a great phone and the price is goodgood size and quilty scrreen.good cputhe phone dont have extrnal memory card.higly recommended

This phone is ALMOST exactly what I want on a Nexus device.The screen is fantastic when compared to the Nexus S. Its clear and crisp and is right up there with the iPhone 4/4s.The size of the phone was a concern of mine. After spending some time with it, it has become a non-issue. The thinness of the phone makes it very pocketable. The width of the phone makes typing on it fantastic.My biggest complaint about this phone is the camera.  Its very fast, but the quality doesn't seem any better than the Nexus S. The colors just don't seem right and didn't look very accurate. This is the biggest downside to the Galaxy Nexus. At times I thought that the quality was lower than the Nexus S.  If you're looking for a fantastic camera, don't look here. Maybe check out the Galaxy S2 if camera quality is key(of course by doing that, you're not going to get timely software updates from Google)

GREAT PHONE.. THAT IS THE BEST ANDROID PHONE EVER .. IF YOU WANT A GREAT,EASY,FANTASTIC PHONE BUY THE GALAXY NEXUS ..

I have just completed one month of owning of Samsung Galaxy Nexus and I have no doubt declaring I am very happy with this. This is the best smart phone on the market for the time being until iPhone 5 or Samsung Galaxy S3 releases. I had iPhone 4 for 2 months and I like many other people who could not be satisfied with beauty and fruit brand alone threw that 'dumb beauty' . For me that was more of a 'show off' rather than of practical use.Apple itself in a recent patent suit directed against google termed this as the "most creditable competitor to iPhone'. Apple co founder which is not a apple employee anymore and hence free to speak truth freely declared iPhone easy to use but 'Android more feature rich'. He dismissed Siri totally saying he could not understand how come internet could be needed to make a call through Siri. Do I need to say more now? If yes then here is the detail review:Like ->(1) Bigger HD contour display-> Though you can distinguish between pixels while looking closely unlike iPhone's Retina display, Nexus's display is gorgeous. Colors are very vibrant and rich. Black is real black (because of Super AMOLED display technology) which creates the whole difference.The Screen is large and with medium hands I can reach to the whole screen stretching the thumb or fingers. Sometimes I tend to use the other hand (luckily I have two hands and both are fully functional so can't complaint).Because of bigger screen this phone is more useful or convenient for what Apple invented iPhone for ie Browsing web, playing games, watching videos. And because of this I tend to depend lesser on PC/laptop/tablet. With bigger screen, power and customization of Android OS this phone is closer to our old friend PC/laptop.**I run the same HD video both on nexus and iPhone 4S and nexus one was better to watch.**(2) Soul-> The soul of this device is ICS OS which is now equal to iOS in terms of user friendlessness but is better because it is much more customizable and hence you feel completely in control and power. This is different feeling than using dumb iOS. After using ICS I really struggled to use the iOS or same iOS based apps. ICS is lightning fast and smooth.Face unlock, NFC, android beam and google wallet (not available on Verizon version) are very cool. Face unlock works perfectly.Built-in Data usage monitor is very helpful for not letting you go above your data limit.-> Mine is international unlocked version which within a week got automatically updated to 4.0.2 from 4.0.1.This has Best notification, better customization for web browsing.Ohhhhhhhh... did I tell you android has taken two steps which is miles ahead of time and going to change the things completely? (i) No Physical button-> The buttons are in fact part of OS itself and function well. Hence the buttons can now be context specific and smarter. They change their position depending on how you are holding the phone or what you are doing. While watching video they disappear completely giving you the whole screen for watching, and yes they will reappear on appropriate place when you need them. (ii) Same OS for all devices: Unlike Apple now same application can run on any device running on ICS. For apple the applications need to be written separately both for iPhone and iPad. That's why Apple has lesser applications on iPads. With new approach of ICS now people will just write once and run it anywhere hence number of apps is going to get multiplied faster on ICS.(3) Eco System (Apps)-> Android eco system (or app market) is there on par with Apple eco system. In the same period I have installed much more applications ($150-$200 of worth in Apple world AND YES ALL FREE!!!!!!!) than I did on iPhone 4 (because most applications are free compared to Apple). I am more functional on Android than I was on iPhone 4. There is nothing which I want and its not there. And yes now google going to start monitoring of applications so less argument against Android apps.(4) Form factor-> I like its form factor more than of iPhone's. Countered makes it more convenient to use and keep in the pocket. Now to me iPhone is just any another device and I look on iPhone with pity.(5) Battery-> I need to charge it once a day with low to moderate usage which is what other iPhone 4S customers are also doing. And if you are going to use it like laptop you will need to charge it more (is not this same with your laptop?). Better part is unlike iPhone you can carry batteries and change it easily. No complaint here.(6) Reception-> Decent.(7) Call quality-> Nice.(8) Volume/Speaker-> Low, could be helped with volume control plus application.(9) More social-> Very well integrated with google.(10). Build-> Except the battery cover everything else is of high quality. I don't care about plastic versus metal debate. iPhone even with metal and corning glass are equivalently fragile and people have been reporting iPhone being broken having dropped just from 12 feet or so. And with gorilla glass on both ends iPhone 4 is more fragile. Remember gorilla glass is just scratch resistant not damage resistant.(11) Typing-> is a breeze and it seems to read you mind and hence make typing a different experience than on iPhone. And big screen helps every here again.Unfortunately this phone decided to do have some deliberate suicidal traits perhaps to avoid wiping away other Samsung devices. So here are the things which could have been improved upon:(1) Speaker-> Could have been better (Minor+ issue)(2) Reception-> Though not much complaint, Could have been just a 'little' better (Very Minor issue).(3) Camera-> Could have been better definitely.(4) External Storage-> Either they should have allowed adding external storage or given the device with more alternated with respect to storage capacities. (Minor issue)(5) Display-> Should not be able to distinguish pixels (Minor issue but this should be ultimate goal for the display)Conclusion-> This is the best smart phone on the market for the time being if you can live with some minor issue with volume. And all issues reported so far with this device seem to be software issues and should get corrected with updates or third part applications.

Full disclosure, I've used Android since version 1.5 up to Jelly Bean but I recently made the switch to Windows Phone. With that said, I still bought this phone to see if it was any sort of improvement over Sprint's crap-tastic Nexus S 4G. I'm proud to report that IT IS!Hands down, the best feature of this phone (in my opinion) is the camera. Sure it only has a 5 megapixel resolution, but there is near-zero shutter time on this phone, and all of my pictures came out very clearly. As for the rest of the phone, the HD resolution SAMOLED screen is beautiful to look at. The design of the phone is very well done and feels good in your hand. My one complaint is that, at 4.65 inches, it is just a tad too wide for single handed operation. Many times I had to hold it in my left hand, to be able to type with my right.One other complaint is that the battery cover is a little too flimsy. It feels like it would break if given too much pressure. Also, I did have one of the snaps bend out of place. I had to bend it back before it would snap into place again.Otherwise, the phone is great, if Android is your thing. It absolutely FLIES on T-Mobile's HSPA+ network, not sure about AT&T.; It does get updates really quickly. I received the 4.1.2 Jelly Bean update about a week after the Nexus 7 got it.If you are into Android, and want a great phone, that gets fast updates, then this is your phone.

I purchased this phone for use outside of the USA. To my horror, I received a Korean/Japanese only phone.All instructions and the phone are in Korean.This is quite disappointing.

I've had the phone for a couple of weeks now and upgraded from a nexus one.  the thing works great and from what I've heard before the only thing people really complain about is that the camera is only 5mp but for all reasonability if your trying to get a great photo on that scale your not using a phone.  it's worked great for me and i love the zero shutter lag.  has all standard android things and they all start rather quickly. i'm glad i bought it and hope to keep it for a while.

I love Samsung I9250 Galaxy Nexus 16 GB. Vale a pena comprar este produto, no Brasil funcionou perfeitamente e valeu cada centavo!

When the tube in my hands, I immediately realized it was unlike anything else, regarding design immaculate velicidad process and most importantly ... the ability to do more and more things than one can imagine, mail, contacts, schedule, movies, videos, music, position of planets and a huge number of app that go beyond the imagination

i like very much the phone. work fine and came with all accesories. it's very fast, slim and a big screen. excellent product!

Had phone for a month now, and this is great. I love that this phone comes with verision of android without a manufacturer's skin. I think that the Galaxy Nexus version of android looks sleek were the Galaxy S3 looks cartoonish. I find that the battery is decent. I use it moderately for about 16 hours a day and still have about 35% battery.

Nexus is an amazing mobile fone. The screen resolution is very good and it's impossible to compare it to an Iphone. The camera of 5MP is also good. Android ICS is very fast and easy to use.

This android phone was gift for my wife. She loves this phone. It is easy to use, the large screen makes texting easier, reading easier, and the slim design makes it more attractive than the last I phone it replaced.  So far it works perfect , the more we learn about this operating system the more we like it.

So I bought this phone more than a year ago as a present for my boyfriend. All was great, until I got the same phone, but directly from google. My phone updated nicely to jelly bean while this one didn't. So I finally decided to contact samsung about it, and it seems that this kind of phones do not get updates from Samsung yet. But this phone got notifications about a system update, so after some research I downloaded an app that told me that the phone has  a "yakjuxe" ROM, which seems to be a custom one and can't be updated (or at least those were the complaints on different forums). Now I have to find a good guide that tells me how to update to a google updatable ROM and hope I don't brick it.

I got a refurbished version, instead of a brand new one. It had a minor dent in the corner of the phone. But everything else is as perfect as if it's new. Even the screen had no scratches and the battery seems to have its factory life. Of course, the battery isn't amazing in any way, so I ordered an extra one, along with a battery charger. Now I carry a battery with me and have no problems with having the phone last the entire day without it dying out.All in all, very happy with the purchase. The Gnexus is the best Android phone in 2011, 2012 and possibly part of 2013 as well.UPDATE: After using this phone for around a year, I rooted it, installed many custom ROMS and mods and I'm still happy with my purchase. Currently running CM 10.2 ROM, and it works perfectly. Yes, the Galaxy Nexus won't get an official KitKit upgrade from Google, but I'm pretty sure there will be a Kitkat ROM for it out there eventually. If not, there are many many different ROMs out there, and that was the whole point of a Nexus device - it's a developer's phone that can be customized to one's need. Besides, there isn't much Kitkat has to offer anyway that would completely change your lifestyle. If you think there is, I'd say go with a Nexus 5.

Where do I event begin with the problems I've had with this phone?! Battery life is completely horrible, I only get about 2 hours (if that) of use out of the phone before I have to charge it again. The phone freezes constantly, about 12 times a day and the only thing you can do to get it working again is take the battery out and put it back in to restart the phone. This is a known problem with this phone (wish I'd known that before I bought it). The phone gets extremely hot to the touch while charging. Overall, don't waste your money, it's an extremely expensive phone to be having problems like this and Verizon refuses to replace it, I've only had it 4 months so I unfortunately will have to deal with it until I can upgrade again.

I had high expectations for this phone, but I must say I was pretty disappointed.There are plenty of rough edges still left and as such if you want a totally polished experience, this is not the phone for you (I'd go for iPhone myself if not for the totally closed nature of that platform). All things I expect to be present like seamless backups (and restores), multicalendar sync, sensible defaults are just not there. Occasional UI stuttering is still there too, as are random hangs and reboots.More advanced things like full disk encryption are also pretty bad and it looks like nobody actually tested how they really work (reboot into a blank screen and you need to press power button to get to the "enter password" prompt, really? No way to have separate encryption and unlock passwords).Physical appearance is also questionable. Power is on the side and is pretty sensitive as are the volume buttons, so it's all too easy accidentally pressing them in the middle of something. No hardware mute button is really inconvenient when you need to fast and covertly turn off sound (e.g. at customs area at an airport where otherwise they might easily confiscate your phone if you are caught "using" it). Headphone jack at the bottom of the device means if you store your phone in a front shirt pocket, it must be upside-down when you listen to music on it (or even just talk).No separate memory for volume levels with and without headphone attached means you can accidentally deafen yourself if you forget to reduce the volume after connecting a headphone.Of course all of the above are not total show-stopper and the phone is still usable, it's also a clear step up from previous Android versions, but the price being charged for this is totally unjustifiable. I would understand if it was $300 phone (with no contract, or free with contract), but not at $600 unlocked ($100 with 2 year contract at verizon on the other hand does make some sense).

Got the lte variant of this phone on verizon.all in all its pretty good. My only complaint is with the screen.  It is very dull and suffers from burn in effects.  Also it gets grainy at low brightness levels.

Simply great.Worth every cent.Receives a lot of updates from Google.Cheap.Fast.&#34;Old&#34; but still gold.Great phone.

The phone arrived as ordered.  No problems.  Only issue was that the manual was in German instead of English.  Would buy again.

I switched from a Motorola Milestone and it's a world of difference. My experience with this phone has been overall fantastic and it can handle anything that you throw at it. The new task manager for ICS is my favorite feature. The only bad features are the battery life which is subpar considering that this is Google's flagship phone and the 5MP camera.

Purchased this phone from Brookside on Amazon.com. Phone is a P.O.S. that has ALWAYS had poor battery life and finally died completely after only THREE months of use! Seller won't do anything except screw us out of the $200 we paid for this useless piece of junk! Do NOT buy from this seller, ever if you expect something decent!

I bought this for my wife as a Christmas present and as she is still learning how to use it coming from a old flip phone she is really liking it. I did not want to get into a 2 or 3 year plan as I believe you end up paying an ridiculous price for the phone by the end of the term nor did I want to pay 700-800 dollars for a new smart phone out right so I bought this one a couple of years old for 300 dollars and it is more than she needs.

Product arrived on perfect conditions and on time. The only thing I'm not that happy with, is the OS flavor, which delays update 2 Jellybean.

Excelente equipo... bonito dise&ntilde;o.. lo compre pensando era mas peque&ntilde;o que el s3 y resulta son del mismo tama&ntilde;o... recomendado.

I have had my Galaxy Nexus (GNex) for about a week and this is what I have observed.PROS:1. Super slim profile.2. Vanilla ICS. No Motoblur, Sense or Touchwiz on this. Just stock Android which helps with speed. I think this is the only phone available with the stock experience.3. Runs on T-Mobile HSPA+ and AT&T; HSPA. The fastest speeds I have gotten were with T-Mobile, 5MBup/5MB down.4. 720p screen. Super amoled. People make a big fuss about it being a Pentile matrix screen. It isn't a big deal, I can't tell even when I press my nose up to the screen, and you shouldn't worry about it either.5. Build quality is excellent. Again people compare it to the iPhone and it's metal and glass construction. But for that you pay with it being easily broken. The Gnex has a internal metal frame which makes it rugged. Also although the screen isn't Gorilla Glass, it still is fortified glass, which is the same thing as Gorilla Glass, but without the Corning branding.6. Decent battery life. On stand by I have no problem getting through 36 hours, also there are extended batteries available right here on Amazon that will extend your battery life even longer. Unfortunately most of them don't come with NFC.7. NFC! It stands for Near Field Communication. It is a small wireless chip in the battery which allows you with your phone and the app Google Wallet to pay for purchases with your phone. I use the Google Prepaid card, load it up with money then wherever you have a place that supports wireless payments(tap) you just select credit, hold the phone over the terminal till it beeps, inter your pin and hold it back over and bam you've paid!  LOL it's still sort of a gimmick but I think it's better than Siri.Cons:1. Lack of an SD card slot. This might be a dealbreaker for someone who listens to a lot of music but I have found a compromise. You go to Google play store, and upload your music to the cloud. The service is free, I believe you can upload 20,000 songs for free and stream it unlimited to your phone.2. No US warranty. If you are buying this to use overseas you might get a warranty overseas, but when I bought my phone and called up Samsung and gave them the IMEI they said it wasn't in their system. I would advise US customers to buy the phone directly from Google because you get a 12 month warranty. I hear if you buy the phone with American Express you get a 1 year warranty as a benefit of the card.3.Software. The 2 builds that you should have on your phone are "Yakju" or "Takju". If your phone does not, there is a chance that you will not be able to update your phone over the air from Google. You will be at the mercy of Samsung for your Android software updates, which they have a terrible record of. There is a free app in the Play store called GN Official Update Checker that will tell you what build you have. If you are experienced with flashing bootloaders this can be changed to one of the 2 Google builds easily. If you don't want to deal with this please buy your phone from Google directly.I ended up returning this phone and bought it directly from Google. Your miles may vary.Essential Software: This is a list of software every Galaxy Nexus owner should have installed.I am only listing free software.1. Lightflow: The Gnex has a multicolored LED at the bottom of the phone near the virtual buttons that flashes and turns different colors depending on the phones status. Lightflow allows you to customize this. One thing about the LED is that it blinks slowly, so unless you are staring at it for a few seconds you might miss the blink. Lightflow can help you speed it up.2. Juice Defender Free: All GSM phone owners should have Juice Defender. it turns off the mobile data radio when your screen is off, saving valuable power. I have easily doubled my battery life. Unless you "need" to have your phones mobile connection on all the time to get email and Facebook status updates, use this. So when your screen is off you won't get any emails/alerts. You will get texts. When you power up the screen all of the will come at once. I don't think this works with Sprint/Verizon Galaxy Nexuses3. Volume+ (note do not get the free version on the market) The Gnex speaker can be too quite for some people, luckily there is Volume+ to boost it. Go to the Play store, find Volume+ and note the person who wrote it, then Google for his name. He has a web forum where he lets people download the paid version of his app for free once you register. The free version has a maximum volume boost of 4+, the paid version on his site goes up to 15+ I think.4. Waze. Google Maps is excellent but not really made for the serious driver. I have been using Waze almost exclusively for the last few months on my previous phone as a well as my Gnex. It is a free app but differences its self from GMaps is that it is community run and connected. You can either stay anonymous or create a profile. It will give you real time status updates of every driver in your area who has Waze on their phone and the traffic conditions that they are in. It also notifies you of speed cameras and radar traps.5. SMS Popup. Does exactly what it says.Update 3 weeks in: This is the best phone I have owned. It is super quick, everything works. I feel like it is a mini computer and I don't have to worry about stuff running out of memory or lagging. Just get this phone. The HTC One X and S are faster in benchmarks, but that doesn't make a phone better. Having stock android, decent hardware and direct Google support instead of dealing with the manufacturer for updates makes this the deal.7/3/12STILL the best phone I have ever owned. I installed Jellybean 4.1 on it and it is flowing! The phone is so good Apple went to a judge to ban it from being sold. Haters gonna hate.7/30/13 UpdateStill rocking this phone, rooted and running paranoid Android 3.68 with Android 4.2.2 off XDA forums.I guess the only downside to this phone is the limited internal storage, 16GB isn't enough. Also the camera sucks, but I didn't buy the phone for the camera. it's nice to have but I don't really care too much, all my photos go up on Facebook. I bought an extended 3700mAh battery and I can easily get though 2 days of heavy usage. Not sure what's going on with my original battery back, it doesn't fit properly anymore. The battery is fine though.

I have had this baby for 14days now and I am loving it. I had the nexus s and like it alot but this improves upon that. Lets talk about the Pros and Cons. Yes they are cons but you can judge how much they matter.**Cons:1.The back plate/panel that lets you access the battery is cheap. Dirt cheap. I hate it! Its too flimsy...but at least its flexible enough not to break. The nexus s back plate was stronger even though it too is plastic.2.The engine that guesses the words your trying to type and displays the options doesn't seem to "learn" as fast as the version on Ginger bread. Go figure. By this time my nexus s was a literal robot churning out those words seemingly before i could think em. This fellow is taking its time. Its improving but the difference is noticeable. I mean i type along quite nicely but i got accustom to just clicking a few letters and selecting the majically presented words before me.3.I have seen one instance when the OS seem to stutter as if it forgot what it was doing then..remembered and moved on. As i said.. thats more the OS than the device but never the less is part of this baby so it gets chewed . It wasn't anything intensive just a simple scoll when it happened. Will have to see if that reoccurs. The nexus s did it too but it was never often enough to be annoying.**Pros:1. Heavenly display. Good grief. I was a little annoyed that the phone was larger than i expected even though i had all the measurements... when i saw it i'm thinking this is a big b*tch. But when that baby came on and showed its assets... Hell i'm thinking the bigger the better. Its awesome. crisps colors, sharp images, heck even the boring photos taken with the old sony P1i looks good.Videos... well need i say more. of course its awesome watching them on this thing. This thing might actually get you laid. Reading from this thing is like the experience you get with an ipad.[yes i referenced the ipad here cause i'm not a snotty one sided technology whore. -->The ipad has great reading desirability(hmm.. weird sentence). Now i imagine the kindle has stepped up with the kindle fire but i haven't used it yet...so couldn't say]2.Beautifully crafted OS. The layout is nice and friendly with even a few developer options available for the mischievous folks who don't know what the heck their doing but want to do it anyway. Even a cool function that lets you pile icons on top of each other and automatically creates a group/transparent folder that you can name. So all my geeky stuff is lumped together  and i have a social network one bla blah.3.Fast camera. I mean fast..none of that long adjusting crap the blackberry torch does...geeze. Great front camera for video IM.4.Performance wise...generally all round its a winner. The apps launch seemless and browsing it just a pleasure.Trust me you won't be disapointed. 9 blackberry users have converted since touching my phone. 9. Think about the power this baby must hold. I just need to find some iphone users now....

I have been using this phone for a few days now, and I am very pleased with the purchase. Good things first-Android 4.0 (ICS) is very refined and google has really polished the OS well. It's impressive how far the OS has come since its donut days.-The camera has no shutter lag and takes good pictures-The chrome for android beta be run on ICS and it's a long time coming.  Bookmark sync and other syncing features with chrome are nice to have, and it has many great feature that the standard android browser is missing.  install it and start using it right away-Phone feels very fast and rarely seem to struggle to perform any operation-Pentaband 3G is awesome. Can swap the SIM and go between at&t; and tmobile with great data speeds no problem.-I've seen a few people complain about battery life. No such complaints here, this thing has no problems making it through the day with moderate to moderate heavy usage.-Front facing camera for video chat and big notification light-Pop in a t-mobile pre-paid sim and get unlimited text and data for $30 a monthNow a few negative points:-No SD card slot, and only 16GB of storage... Seems strange this day and age-Phone is a bit big at 4.6 in.  I know putting big screens on smartphones is the latest rage, but once you start going over 4.3 it seems like overkill-Camera is only 5MB-Facebook contact sync has been killed by Google for violating their terms by not using their social API to facilitate data portability.  Now some people can appreciate this issue, however it's not a war google will win against facebook and certainly not one that non-geeks care about (although it's mostly geeks that purchase unlocked imported phones so maybe it's a moot point)-Few apps seem to have some quirks with ICS

My device just "randomly" switches off (sometimes several times a day). Judging from a myriad of relevant internet forum posts out there, it seems that it's not a problem of my device in particular but a general problem. After a long search for a reproducible cause, it seems safe to say that at least some devices seem to be extremely shock sensitive in the area right below the camera (on the back of the device). Even minuscule shocks to this area switch these devices off. Youtube-user 'jardinepatten' demonstrates this problem nicely in a video called "Galaxy Nexus Turning Off".Update: problem was due to a software issue. It was resolved with the release of the Q3 update.

Love the screen size and resolution and it can't get any faster with Jelly Bean &lt;3 I'm totally in love with the phone.  'nuff said!

This is one of the best cellphones in market actually.It's better than the iphone 4s. Better processor, better speed and equal display definition.

A phone that is unlocked, that you can flash alternate ROMs onto and being Android you can use things like OrBot, TextSecure and Gibberbot to ensure privacy in your communications.

Amazing cell phone, its functionality is impressive. Also, the seller was very quick to ship it. I had no problems at all.The only concern is about the battery. If you intend to use your smartphone a lot, it's good to have a spare one. Besides that, everything is very satisfying.

I bought my galaxy nexus back in December of last year. I was happy to be getting this phone and looked forward to it. At the time there was no mention of no warranty. There was no warning that if I bought this phone through them that SAMSUNG themselves will not TOUCH the phone if anything happens to it. Here I am 9 months later and need service and nobody will touch it. THEY SHOULD HAVE LET IT BE KNOWN even at the time that there was NO WARRANTY].DO NOT BUY FROM FGS TRADING OR EXPANSYS USA. They will be sorry and all but they really dont care either way as they already got their money.

I haven't had a phone yet as fast and as nice looking as this phone/ It's not too much of a downgrade from an s3, but half the price off contract. Don't waste your money on any other off contract phone, like i did with the Samsung exhibit 2 4g. T mobiles network isn't too bad either. Definitely reccomended. If your thinking about getting it just buy it. You wont be disappointed.

I was initially thrilled with this phone, but the hardware problems began almost immediately. First, random reboots. Then the volume control stopped working properly. Then the USB port. Then the screen.I've been in contact with Samsung, both in the US and in the UK, for 2 months regarding these problems. Service has been completely terrible. I was referred to the product page on their African website. I've spoken to people who couldn't communicate in English (I hate saying that and I swear I'm not some racist xenophobe). I've been asked to send messages to outgoing-only email accounts.In the end, Samsung refused to honor its own warranty. No reason given. Here's what they said: "Samsung have change the policy [sic]." Issuing a warranty and then choosing not to honor it isn't a change of policy; it's a crime!Let me be clear: There are absolutely no circumstances under which I can recommend buying this phone. This has nothing to do with the design of the phone or the experience of using it when it's working properly (which is decent) and everything to do with the fact that it's a fundamentally unreliable product and its warranty is apparently not worth the paper it's printed on.

just perfect !! great product.. great packing.. It did not come with earphones. Other than that, no complaints.. i am an Android buff and a fan of pure google UI.. SO, i loved it. as everyone else said.. it does have average battery backup but when you are dealing with huge screens like this, you know what you are getting into. at the given price, its a pretty good deal. Honestly, if you can get Nexus 4, its better than this.

I used the iPhone 3G, iPhone 4S, HTC Aria, and Nexus S in the past. The Galaxy Nexus is the best so far. It is a little bit on the big side for my taste but I got used to it. The big screen size is in fact a plus since I am using the Nook app to read books.The latest Android OS 4.1 Jelly Bean is very nice. Also the HSPA+ data speed is great. I am on AT&T.; One word of caution though: If you are not on a 4G data plan with AT&T;, you will not get HSPA+ speeds on this device. You need to call AT&T; customer service and tell them that you want 4G data service and you need to provide them your IMEI number. After you do that, you need to also change the APN settings on your phone. Simply search for AT&T; 4G HSPA+ APN settings to find the correct one.

I needed a cell with WiFi to access the internet without paying the monthly rate and this is a good alternative.  The premium is the camera with a flash.

I would recommend this phone to everybody because it's a good one, the only problem wich I had was that I didn't receive my invoice with the phone, by the way it has brought me some problems.

This is easily the best phone out.  Better screen than anything else available.  Ice Cream Sandwich runs buttery smooth.  I've yet to have a single problem with the phone.  I highly recommend it.

Its a sprint phone, it still works fine it was given to me in very good condition but its a sprint phone so its not unlocked

I first got introduced to android by the HTC G1/Dream, a few months after it was launched; I loved it. Last OS I remember using on it was FroYo (CyanogenMod). I replaced that phone for a Motorola Droid X, then I replaced the X for an HTC Sensation. I've always enjoyed rooting and romming the s**t out of my devices; and I was thinking about 3 devices when I got this one:HTC ONE X:The Good: Quad core 1.5Ghz (the european version.. the att us version is dual core), fairly priced now, 1GB ram, 32GB, 8MP cam, FullHD video, GORGEOUS huge display, SenseUI is gorgeous and Sense4.0 is speedy and stable, rooting community likes the device, so theres plenty of development for it.The Bad: No memory card expansion slot... that's a MAJOR problem for me... NO removable battery (just as bad).SAMSUNG GALAXY SIII:The Good: Samsung seems to have done an excellent job on the TouchWiz interface, 16gb storage WITH microSD slot (for up to 64GB more!), 2GB ram (on the dual core, or a 1GB ram on a quad core), newest phone on the market, great display. Rooting/romming community response is uncertain, but this is a massively commercial device, so Im sure theres tons of devs out there working on this thing.The Bad: price is still through the roof, its a Samsung... I hated the fact that they offer either a 2GB ram w/ Dual core OR a 1GB ram w/Quad core. I'm certain a 2GB ram dual core is way better though; but still, didnt like how theres no way to get the "abolute monster phone".SAMSUNG GALAXY NEXUS:The Good: Cheapest of the 3. Its a Nexus phone! You get googles updates first. You get the full Android Experience. No bloatware. Sleek design, feels great on your hands (and pocket). Removable / replaceable battery.The Bad: NO memory card slot. ONLY 16GB on the GSM version. NOT gorilla glass. Apparently Corning (manufacturer of gorilla glass) can't do the curvature on the end of this phone. But samsung states that its scratch resistant. After a full month or normal usage, theres not a single scratch, and I usually have it in my pocket along with coins and sometimes even keys.Note how "it's a samsung" is not a "con" for the Galaxy Nexus. As I hardly even notice it being a samsung phone. It feels nice and sturdy.I bought the Galaxy Nexus for ONE simple reason: It was the cheapest. I couldn't rule any of those 3 phones out, so, if these 3 phones were equally as desirable by me, and one of them was cheaper by a significant amount, THAT was a great reason to get it. And let me tell you; I LOVE this phone. Wouldn't trade it.

I'm pretty tech savvy, I'm a programmer, I love Google: so I've wanted an Android phone pretty much ever since I first heard about them. Never really had the chance to get one before. My parents couldn't really afford to get me a fancy phone so I've been getting by with free-with-contract phones.Well I got a job and saved up some money, and got myself a bit of a birthday gift.This thing is awesome. I've only had it for about 5 hours now so I can't really do a full review but my first impression is very good.Pros+Big, vibrant screen:~~It takes some getting used to if you haven't had such a big screen on a phone before, like me. It's like 'holy crap?! this is huge!' but you get used to it+Android 4.0:~~It's fast, smooth, beautiful. As a first time Android owner I can't really say how much of an improvement it is but I can say it's really nice.+Cameras:~~Front facing camera for video chat, etc. Rear camera is 5mp, not the best, but it gets the job done. To long-time smart phone users, it may seem like "front facing camera, 5mp camera? big deal" ~~but to me it's really nice.+16gb of storage:~~I would have liked more, but I think 16gb will be plenty. I'm sure it will hold a couple thousand songs and a hundred or so apps, at least, and that's all I think I'll need. The device is supposedly available in 32gb version, but I couldn't find one.+Google Music~~Not specific to this phone, but it's a great service and it works great with this phone. Store up to 20,000 songs in the cloud for free and stream them on your phone? Awesome.Cons-Plastic~~It's not really that bad, but for this price, they could have used metal or maybe even rubber to make it more durable, at least for the back. The battery cover is a thin piece of plastic and it just doesn't seem to really belong on the device.-No expandable storage~~I think 16gb will be enough for the average user, but the freedom of a microSD card slot is a huge plus and it just seems like it would be a no-brainer for such a quality device, yet it's missing. This is the primary reason I knocked the phone down a star.-Quiet speaker~~People at my work are always showing each other music from their phones and the speaker on the Galaxy Nexus is about half as loud as every one else's there. You can't even hear it unless it's quiet in the room. However, the phone comes with headphones; they aren't the best but they are pretty decent.~Also, I'm not sure about the buttonless front. I kinda just naturally go the bottom with my thumb whenever I want to wake the phone up because that's how most phones are, but here you have to use the power/hold button on the right side. Maybe I'll get used to it. Not annoying enough to be negative, and not buttons allows for more screen, but I'm just not used to it.I'll have to update this when I have more time with it. I plan on taking a whack at making apps as well, I've got a bit of Java experience.

While this "global" phone may be available nearly everywhere in the world, it is not officially available to those of us in the US. If you do end up finding one, either locally or abroad, what you'll actually end up with is a phone that was intended for a foreign market. But hey, it's a pentaband GSM phone that works just fine on both AT&T; and T-Mo, so no big deal, right? Wrong! All Nexi are not created equal.[...]Do a quick search for "nexus yakju". So far, at least eight different software builds have been found in these phones, only one of which is from Google, meaning that it should receive timely OTA system updates directly from Google as they roll out. If, how, and when the others, all Samsung builds, will get their updates is still unclear. No big deal, just make sure to buy one with the Google software, right? Well, that's easier said than done. No one seems to know how to tell which is which by the packaging. Surely there must be a list showing which IMEIs have which build but I haven't found it. Yes, the phone is hack-friendly, so it may be possible to get around this issue, but after spending 2/3 of a grand for a "pure" Google phone, I didn't feel I should have to fix it as soon as I opened the box.So you decide to buy one anyway, and happen to end up with a warranty issue... Bummer! Samsung Support is region specific so don't look to Samsung US for help with this phone. You may as well be talking to them about a rock that you picked up from your front yard. Your IMEI will not come up in their system. No information, no support, no warranty, nothing. They can't even tell you which market your phone was intended for so you can try there! But hey, at least it's a human telling you they can't help, which is one up on Google.Botched consistency, distribution, and support overshadows what should have been the phone to have.

i can honestly say i love this phone,its used,but almost new.amozon always the best place to shop you guys are the best.

I got the item in perfect status, and even sooner that expected. Great service. Its great, everything works perfectly and i havent had any problem with it yet, after one month using it.

Excelente celular, r&aacute;pido, liviano, resistente, llego a tiempo. Actualizaci&oacute;n constante del sistema operativo. Lo &uacute;nico es que es dif&iacute;cil conseguirle accesorios.

Is a very good phone. but you need to buy a case!! it falls a lot, has no grip, is super slipery!!!

I have this phone for the last 2 years and it is the best phone ever. It's powerful enough, great camera and amazing screen. Moreover it runs the stock Android, without any of the useless HTC/Samsung overlay. In addition this device always receives the Android updates first, much before any other device.

THIS PHONE WAS BOUGHT FROM A CARRIER AND UNLOCKED BY THE SELLER, IT IS NOW USELESS !Locked itself a week after regular use, and cannot be unlocked again.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER !

I own this for a year now.  This is my first Google Nexus i9250 32GB and I am a Motorola user, LG user (hate LG by the way), and Samsung user and I tried Nokia (also, hate Nokia). I abuse my phone so, yes I will give the good and the bad. (I even bought the Google Nexus 4 but, who cares for the GNex4 right now).Note: Streaming videos/music will be omitted, for it depends on one's carrier and location of service area. Also, android beaming will also be omitted (for the love of me, I cannot and still cannot figure out how that works or rather, I am just lazy, so my apologies).Pros:-camera and video usage is excellent for any time of the day.  Zoom is great which is better than average as I would rate it when compared to a camera. (I could care less for camera usage because I need the phone to work as a phone, not a camera).-Slim design and lightweight. (sometimes I do not notice it in my pocket that I would have to check to make sure its there and not slipped out of my pocket).-durable, still works after falling to the ground (gel case kinda crappy case though), and being thrown around. Batteries does not fall out, stays in place (you will understand when you own one) because the back keeps it in place.-charger plug is usable in any country's outlet (they gave me that one, lucky me).-Screen is wider and longer than a Samsung (any).-WiFi, Bluetooth, Tethering & portable hotspot works excellent.-User interface is excellent, easy to understand, easy to set-up and user-friendly.-Looks good.-Vibration is more reliable than ringtone!Cons:-Too big for my hands. I have to text using two hands instead of one, which I normally like to do but, now I cannot with this phone. My hands are big compare to the average female Asian's hands, but small when compared to the average White-American male hand and about the same size to the average White-American female hands. I am Asian-American by the way and my hands are big.-Cannot handle multitasking or multiple running apps. It over-heats when using the internet and using an app and sometimes freezes.  The process slows down by a large margin (I really wanted to break this phone). Had to use a similar program to Crap Cleaner (for PC), I used Clean Master (app for phone) to cancel un-used running process/apps.-When I access Google Nexus directories, folders are all over the place. (I like to be organized) and cannot delete some useless programs and folders, sometimes, having to go into the folder to delete one thing at a time and THEN, it allows you to delete the folder.-I have to be part of Google related stuff/social network and it does updates that I really do not like at all (sometimes without my approval. Some updates are useless that just want to take up memory and space and we cannot delete it, but just have put up with it). Other than that, Google is friendly.-After a year, now 2 years that Google Nexus came out, no one knows about this phone. Hard to find a replacement screen protector and case for the longest time.  (Even Chinatown doesn't know it).-Default ringtone is not loud enough. I cannot hear from another room (silent environment), in the toilet, in my front pocket or the back pocket. The only loud ringtone I can find its Rock, Heavy-metal or something similar to those.-Hearing on the other end is do-able but I cannot say it's all that great. (I have good hearing)-Navigator's voice and speaker is not loud enough. (Let's just say we need some volume control here)-Like most phone, I have to charge the battery every night. (I am not a heavy text'er or caller or internet user or gamer on this phone). Just a few calls, text, and checking emails on a daily basis for work and personal interaction. It will last me at most 8-9 hours before the batteries go RED. When using the navigator on and batteries at full charge, the battery will last maybe 2-3 hours.-Android Version 4.2.1 (it said Jelly Bean in Ads and People's reviews, so I expect one, but personally I don't care).Personally I do not like Google Nexus after using it (and Google Nexus 4 didn't help either), but OVERALL, personal feelings aside, I can kinda, sort of ... recommend this phone for basic usage only, but not for a business class usage.  I would give this to a high school'er or a fresh college student.  I would even put this as a temporary phone.  It is reliable enough and it does its job as a simple basic phone. (If you cannot decide between the Google Nexus i9250 or the Google Nexus 4, the Google Nexus 4 is the same thing except, its outer appearance is different. Just my 2 cent).Good Luck in choosing your next phone!

Great delivery time, price is awesome, its the best phone I've ever held in my hand the display is big and gorgeous. Too bad the sequel to this product is already out and at a lower price but I'm don't regret buying it at all.

Muy Buen Producto Muchas Gracias lo recomiendo -nice  i love it excelente telefono todo completo y a tiempo gracias n

Well, there are 2 real options for smartphones these days, and I won't touch an iOS based device with a stick, so the choice is quite easy - get the best possible Android mobile that is out there. At the moment, this is the only one running ICS, and the tech spec is on par with the best of breed, so selection is is hardly a brainer.Cons? I hate Samasung. I really do, ever since their first Galaxy (i750) poor excuse for phones crap. I wish google would start releasing their nexus cells under Motorola, and the sooner is better.Other than that - perfect :)

I bought this phone mainly due to the pure Google experience.  I have not been disappointed with it.  I receive Android updates soon after they are announced.The plastic feel of the phone did not bother me.  I like how it keeps the weight down.The display is very sharp.  It's sharper than my MacBook and netbook.  The auto brightness setting usually sets the display too dark for me.  I always set it to max brightness, which kills the battery.  With auto brightness, the phone lasts the whole day when I use it moderately out of the house.  With max brightness, it only lasts half a day.

Pros:large screenlarge internal storage- 16gbFast processor (at first)Cons: Horrible battery lifenumerous glitches with androidNO Gorilla Glasslow or NO support for accessories and PHONEHad the phone for only10 months, then battery started acting up, Issues with Power button (unable to turn on) or would turn itself off with numerous glitches/freezing with android OS. Then it Completely DIED. Even changed the battery Still would not work. Called Samsung USA they referred me to Samsung international (centered in the UK and Ireland) only to find out: Samsung DOES NOT SUPPORT THIS DEVICE (SAMSUNG USA or SAMSUNG INTERNATIONAL). They told me to get it fixed PRIVATELY?! Even with a 24mos warranty..........WHY SELL IT IN THE US IF IT'S NOT SUPPORTED!??.......IT'S T-R-A-S-H, BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK!

My problem is not so much with the phone itself, but with the seller. I originally placed an order for a new unlocked phone. The one I actually got was an open box locked device. It did not have shrink wrap and was covered in fingerprints. The manual included in the shipment looked home made and described an earlier version of Android. The company that sold me the phone was called &#34;Breed&#34;. Its shipment came from North Las Vegas.

I did not purchase this phone from amazon. I was due for an upgrade at Verizon and they were running a deal in which they took my old Samsung Continuum and credited me $50.00 toward the phone. After an additional $50.00 mail in rebate and the $30.00 activation fee, I walked away with a brand new Galaxy Nexus for $80.00.I own the Verizon CDMA version of the phone. I ran this phone with the factory operating system and loved it. The phone was smooth, fast, bright colors, reliable. My phone is kept safe in an Otterbox Defender case. I refuse to take it out because I know the screen to the body is safe inside the case. Although, before I had the case, the phone was very nice to hold, the screen bright and definitive. Its got a really nice large screen. The HD comes out crystal clear.The camera is pretty good for a 5.0MP. It even takes good pictures in relatively dark environment. I never used to take pictures with my phone, because they were always so crappy, I now take them all the time because the quality is there on the Galaxy Nexus.If you are into rooting, this is the cell phone for you. I am very inexperienced at rooting and flashing ROMS, but with this phone I have learned enough to hold my own. I'm currently running Codename Android 3.5 and its in a different world from the stock jelly bean. I was really upset that my Continuum did not get further Android OS updates beyond 2.2 and I wanted a phone that would be supported. Regardless of how slow Verizon is to update, there is a plethora of custom ROMs and kernels available to keep my Galaxy Nexus as up-to-date and fast as possible.(I am by no means suggesting you root, it voids the warranty on your phone, I am just explaining my experience.)The battery life is pretty poor. If i leave it unattended and with data and wifi off, I can go almost a day and a half. With moderate usage I can go a full 12-18 hours. If i really lay into it and use it heavily (which is usually how I do it), I'm lucky with 8 hours. This is easily fixable with an extended battery or carrying a charger around. It sucks, but with a 4.??" screen, what can you expect out of an 1800 mA battery trying to juice a power house phone?I had a Samsung product once before and was so dismayed at the quality and support of the product I bought that I didn't think I would ever purchase a Samsung phone again. I am so glad I did. I love my Galaxy Nexus and all the things it has shown me about the Android world and its productivity.I absolutely recommend the Galaxy Nexus to a friend.

This phone has a huge screen but is very thin and light. The one I have has jelly bean, and that makes getting around much easier. I am very satisfied with the phone.

Very powerfull device. ICS workin like a charm. Pay attention to the 16 gb of memory in this version (32gb would be much better). GSM completelly functional here in Vivo Brazil. USB connection could be improved by Google/Samsung. Not so fast transfers. Its urges a USB 3.0 in the next nexus generation. Wifi perfect. Voice perfect. GPS perfect. Its a pitty we cant test the 4G data connections here at SaoPaulo. Pay attention to aquire a case and anti-glare screen protector. Also, you will need a power adaptor for Brazilian power connections and a second usb cable for charges at work or a car charger. Battery stands for one single day for hard app and game users. Low users can make it worth for maybe two days.

I'm generally happy with this phone. It's usually fast enough for all my apps, and the face-recognition based screen unlock is cool.I'm not going into detail about what's good because lots of things are good and it's the best phone I've had, but there are two pain points.Pain 1: This is an Android problem, not so much of a problem with this phone per se. After you put the phone to sleep with the 'power' button, and soon turn it 'on', you still need to unlock if you have locking enabled. There is no such thing as a grace period.Pain 2: File transfer between this phone and a Linux machine is near-impossible over the USB cable. This is because they decided to use MTP for file transfer instead of mounting the phone storage as a USB storage device like many older phones do. As a result, it's a pain to transfer music to this phone. I've basically put that off until recently, when I started trying other solutions such as SSH-based ones.

Excellent product, although not produced by the seller, he shipped the same day I ordered, and I received the package the very next day! This thing came from the Netherlands to US (GSM Unlocked) which is fantastic shipping and an unlocked phone is great for travel. If anyone is iffy about this phone and any current HTC/Motorola phone, they don't match up to this, do a google search for comparisons. Would recommend!

It's warms my heart to see so many people defending the Galaxy Nexus. I mean that with no sarcasm what-so-ever. But let me update this review so that all future opinions are as current as mine.  Understand that my original rant was out of frustration at how Google allowed the Galaxy Nexus to be made exclusive on Verizon in the US AND gave no indiction of "if" or "when" the GSM version would be available in the US.I own a Galaxy Nexus. I was about to get one a bit cheaper than what Amazon is selling it for. I've used it extensively and It is a 5* device as I mentioned in my earlier review. Is it perfect? No. But the positives far outweigh the negatives.Pros:Gorgeous screen. It's a 1280x720 screen. That's 720p Super AmoLED. Although the screen isn't the Super AmoLED+ that's in the Galaxy S II (GSII), the screen in the Galaxy Nexus is still gorgeous giving the vibrant colors (a bit over saturated for some) and rich deep blacks that Samsung has become know for.Build quality. Samsung is known for using a lot of plastics in their devices and that would still be the case here. But just the same as the GSII, it's a solid build. The Galaxy Nexus feels light, but not necessarily cheap. The back panel is smooth and textured with the body have nice curves and a thinner form factor. The device may have a 4.6 inch screen but it still feels good in the hand overall. The exception would be when you try to touch something on the far opposite side of the screen away from your thumb. Sometimes it can be awkward but not a deal breaker.Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) This is the star of this show when it's all said and done and rightly so. Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS) is hands down THE best version of Android that Google has made to date. On the Galaxy Nexus, it's fast. very fast. I found myself going from swiping through launcher screens, app tray/widget panel, multitask pane to market, download, back to launcher screen very easily and very quickly. Android has been simplified in many ways that may not seem substantial at first glance, but during actual real world use, these aspects are great additions. For instance, the notification bar in Android has clearly been one of the best on a mobile device since it was introduced. But now, a quick swipe will remove specific entries in the notification bar. If you just updated 10 apps but you also received 3 emails, it's very easy to swipe away all of the downloaded app notifications leaving the emails in the notification bar for late viewing. The multitask pane which is lifted directly from Android 3.x Honeycomb works as one familiar with Android tablets would expect. Touch the multitask pane and it brings up the last 10  or so apps that you last ran. Scroll through the list, touch an app and you pick up right where you left off, nothing skips a beat. Except, now, if you swipe across an app, you can remove it from the list, exiting the app. (*with the except of apps that have background services. Those apps will have to be stopped from the application tab in "Settings")Another great addition is the settings button is now in the notification bar. Pull it down, touch settings and you're there. There are many other great additions to ICS that are too numerous to list here, movie studio from Honeycomb is included for editing videos taken with your mobile device, better camera software, NFC beam, Panorama software, Sound EQ as standard with a FX booster, bass boost and 3D effects, and more.Call Quality - although smart phones are great devices, at the end of the day, they're still phones. If they can't function as such, it doesn't matter what CPU/GPU/RAM or OS it runs. The Galaxy Nexus has served me well thus far. Call quality is good, if not the best and I didn't experience any dropped calls, which speaks of the device and the T-mobile service in my area. Sound from the speaker is loud as well while on speaker or listening to music but the speaker can be a bit flat at times. Setting the EQ parameters did help with this though while playing back music.Misc. Tethering is still available, wifi calling, and as mentioned many times before, this phone works on Tmobile and AT&T; 3g/4g.ConsNo micro SD card slot- This is a deal breaker for anyone that's not using cloud services. Fortunately I do, so this wasn't a negative for me. I game though OnLive on my Transformer, I watch movies through Netflix and Google Movies so I'm covered there. I listen to music through Google Music. 16GBs of storage is fine for me but there are many people that still don't use cloud services and for them, 16GBs may not be enough.Camera - I found the camera in the Galaxy Nexus to be decent. It's not terrible, but it's not as good as it should be. I hoped Google and Samsung would match or surpass the great camera that's in the GSII but alas, they did not. ALthough the shutter speeds are awesome the actual quality of the photos I've taken, even with optimal lighting always topped out at being "good" not "great." Video fared a bit better for me. HD quality video was also good but I'd a say a bit more impressive in part because of the screen in combination with actual moving subject matter. Lighting still plays a part obviously.There are some minor bugs I've found with audio cues with the keyboard and a couple of  apps force closed more often than I would have liked but overall, these are the only cons that I've found thus far. Using the Galaxy Nexus has been a joy. It's the kind of device that Android enthusiasts can hold up to iOS5 and WP7 as to why they wouldn't switch at this point. The Galaxy Nexus is a sexy phone with a gorgeous screen that's running a truly great version of Android and yet another reason why it's still better to buy Nexus phones before any other. No UI skins, faster updates, better support.

it has good price and good product and quick sending. In a word, I am very satisfied about this mobile phone!!

Hi.. I am planning to get the nexus and i was wondering if there is any sort of warranty if I buy the phone online from Amazon.  thanks

That's an outstanding gadget! Without doubt about it is a mobile phone which overpass my expectations. Great for Google and Samsung.

I wanted to get nexus 4 but because of the sold outs I couldn't get it. I basically don't like the S3 because of it's enormous screen size. iPhone 5 is great but I need android for my developments. Only problem with this phone is it's battery, I have to recharge its battery two times in a day.

I have come to love the "Google" phones because of the openness and the ability for the latest and greatest updates and features.  I purchased this unlocked version of the device since I use AT&T; and have have not been disappointed.  Not only is the screen beautiful but it's very responsive.  Ice Cream Sandwich runs extremely smooth on the phone as you would expect.  I would highly recommend this phone to anybody who wants the best Android phone on the market.  The price is realistic compared to other devices without a contract.  Not to mention that when you buy the phone out right you don't have to renew a contract to be stuck in.Samsung I9250 Galaxy Nexus 16GB (Unlocked)

I might have waited to buy this phone (if it ever came to T-Mobile in the US), but my Nexus One fell to its death and I was forced to decide immediately on a phone purchase.  I'm happy to report that this phone is working without issue on TMO.  I was able to make calls immediately after inserting my SIM card and I noted that I was immediately receiving an in-network HSPA signal from the carrier.  I was mildly concerned when I read a review about the OS being locked, and the main reason I'm writing this review is to confirm that within about five minutes of use I received an on-air update to ICS 4.0.2.  It therefore does not appear to me that the OS could be locked.Interesting side note:  I know these phones come from Europe as there is no GSM version of the Galaxy Nexus for sale in the USA right now.  It appears mine was originally destined for Poland because the back of the Galaxy Nexus box was printed exclusively in Polish, as was the little instruction booklet inside.  The phone booted up in English however, and I haven't had to make any adjustments whatsoever for language, time zone, keyboard, charger (the Euro type-C plug with USB port comes packaged with an adapter for US type-A outlets), etc.  In fact, I've encountered no problems with the phone whatsoever.  Others have commented better than me... but this is a great phone! Even the camera, although critically panned for being only 5mp's, takes amazingly good pictures -- even in low light without a flash!  In short, I'm very glad I didn't wait to buy this phone!!

Loved that it was unlocked. Bought this phone over a year ago and it has lasted very well. Everything is updated regularly from Google as it is unlocked. Pairs well with T-mobile prepaid plans or any other prepaid on a GMS. Does not work with CDMA chips nor Micro Sims, eg (apple). From people I've know this phone can work in other countries off a GMS chipset from a local carrier. Will repeat business when the phone eventually gives out. Perfect for the price. Love the fact that it comes without many apps on it. Didn't need to root it since it didn't come with a ton of Ad-aware or advertisement from the actual company bought from.

Just the right size to fit in a suit jacket or back pocket of jeans. Light, but feels very well built. The OS is easy to pick up. The screen is vivid and expands to the full size to play You Tube etc. I can also easily read Kindle books on this screen.I bought the unlocked GSM version and the set-up was simple on t-mobile. I have a pay as you go plan and usually use wi-fi. However, even if I switch to monthly all-in data it will be a lot less than a contract.The battery seems fine with light use which is what I use - I have 2 laptops, a tablet and a home phone so this is really just a convenience device for me.Maybe the only problem is the speakers are quiet. Headset works fine though.

I love the Nexus line and this phone is a great price point introduction if you don't wish to purchase a brand new phone.  This is the developmental reference if you wish to begin writing apps and don't want to worry about your carrier dropping support for rooting your own phone.  I bought the phone and a $40 Net10 unlimited talk, text and data plan.  Ready to start coding custom apps.

I bought this thing a life time ago in the world of super phones. I still use it to this day for many reasons, mainly being that it is unlocked and awesome. Plus no one has N4's to sell lol.

I have owned this device for about 2 weeks now and love it!What i like------------1)ICS and direct updates from Google [My device came with 4.0.1(yakju build)and received my 4.0.2 today !]2)Screen looks crisp and clean.3)Unlocked and no bloatware from carriers.4)Highly configurable and customizable compared to iOS.5)All audio/video content is automatically synced with G+.What i would improve-------------------------1)The body itself though very thin , feels a bit cheap (especially when compared to Droid Razr).2)Only 5MP camera .3)Google Wallet not integrated out of the box.

Slim and cool design. Large bright screen. Not a single complaint here.I get the latest and greatest of Android straight from Google and no carrier bloatware.My short list of must-haves:- Android - updates straight from Google as soon as available is very attractive;- Hotspot (free);- GSM & unlocked;- Large bright screen (eyes aren't what they used to be); it's great for movies/TV too- Crazy good battery life (I bought the 3800 extended battery - couldn't use it up in a day if I wanted to)Smooth OS - not like 2.2 on my Samsung tablet - not a single reboot or issue since owning - wow, did I really say that? Actually that's a first out of all the phones I've ever owned.If you're a fan of unlocked GSM phones - who isn't? I like that this works in virtually any country because it's GSM. I used in Scotland last month - popped in a $20 chip from O2 I think - could have been t-mobile. And, instantly I get fantastic speeds and I'm on my way - love it. Data is much cheaper overseas - seems to me anyway.It's worked flawlessly out of the box - I'm considering getting a second - although I'm watching to see if something new gets announced - of course.

I used to be an iPhone user for three generations (original, 3G S, and 4.) Eventually, things got boring. In between, I've played around with growing versions of Android, from FroYo on a friend's myTouch 3G Slide and Honeycomb on my father's ASUS EeePad Transformer TF101 Tablet. I saw how they grew and I saw how iOS clearly didn't. Therefore, I made the switch to a Samsung Galaxy Nexus. Clearly, I made the right choice.The moment I opened my phone, I saw the real greatness of Android in my very own eyes. Pre-packed with ICS, it was clearly the most amazing OS that could be run on a phone. Everything runs smooth, fast with the dual-core processor, and simply mind-blowing with the AT&T; HSPA+ network I am on. [I also tried this device in Hong Kong with the 3HK (Hutchison Telecom) network... also great!] The screen was simply a pleasure to my eyes looking at it with the Super AMOLED screen. It was more comfortable than a retina display, I must say. Also, I'm loving the idea of my phone being my virtual wallet with a PayPass-enabled payment device! [It's really helping me manage my money... Google being Google again - innovative and smart all-around!]Everything Google has done with this phone has made it such an amazing phone! The thing is, I bought the phone in the end of May... where soon after, the Samsung Galaxy S3 came out. I chose this over the newer Samsung Galaxy S3 because I wanted the pure Google experience - unlocked and free to develop on its platform. Plus, Samsung Galaxy S3 had the junkware you'd commonly find on a manufacturer's version of a device that the Samsung Galaxy Nexus did NOT have one bit of.Overall, this phone changed my mindset on Android smartphones. My transition was faster than expected and, to this day, I do not regret a moment of the transition! If you thought about an Android smartphone, don't think much longer... this is pretty much the best of an Android phone right now![My phone was purchased from the Google Play Store. It should be no different than the one sold on Amazon. Same amazing phone!]

I purchased this product a few days ago.  It was advertised as the latest Samsung Nexus. Marked down from almost 1000 dollars to a price which compared with equivalents on Amazon (approx 450$).  It was delivered on time (thanks amazon) but i am now stuck with a phone which I suspect is a parallel import in that all the documentation is in Korean and the phone is also programmed in Korean.  Plus, no manual (in English) or charger is the third thing which annoys me. Feeling fairly annoyed about the whole experience. Perhaps paying a few bucks more and going to the local Mall would have been more sensible.  I would like some answers.

the product looks terrific ! I just wanted to confirm this cellular phone is ok to be used in Argentina or I need to follow some special instructions or configuration. Thanks.Oscar

very solid phone and performance with stock vanilla android experience, highly recommended.phone ships with android 4.0.4 installed so just let it update to jellybean and go from there

Hace dos meses que lo tengo y es la mejor compra que pude hacer.Antes ten&iacute;a un Nokia 5800 (pantalla t&aacute;ctil, wifi, 3g, gps) y el salto es incre&iacute;ble, a pesar de tener las mismas funcionalidades.Es del tama&ntilde;o justo: m&aacute;s grande que los tel&eacute;fonos normales sin ser inc&oacute;modo. Se puede manejar con una mano sin problemas y entra en los bolsillos.La pantalla tiene una resoluci&oacute;n incre&iacute;ble, la c&aacute;mara toma fotos y videos que parecen de una resoluci&oacute;n mucho mayor a 5mp, y la facilidad de uso y variedad de aplicaciones hacen que se vuelva en un accesorio imprescindible a los pocos d&iacute;as de uso.Lo &uacute;nico que llama la atenci&oacute;n es que la bater&iacute;a dura poco: con wifi activo se agota en menos de un d&iacute;a. Y con uso normal de tel&eacute;fono y pocas uso de aplicaciones dura un poco m&aacute;s de un d&iacute;a.Lo uso en Uruguay y anduvo sin problemas desde el primer d&iacute;a. En USA solo me funcion&oacute; con AT&T;.

excellent product, very functional, lightweight computer connectivity is very good, the product was shipped on time, is a team that is handled intuitive and fast, I think it's great I recommend

I see that many had wrong experience and I think it is mostly because of the service they have obtained, as most of them didn't buy it from a legi store. So I would recommend you to buy it from Google Play store. I have been using it for past few weeks. All I could say is The phone is amazing !!Google integrate everything and makes the content far more easier to use. Also you get $10 extra for activating Google wallet. I haven't found any cons yet.Pros:Really good battery life compared to all its peers. I have to charge my iphone once in every 12 hours.Slim and light, A super fast machine compared to my iphone and a LOT more.Very good price - $399 for No contract, Unlocked phone.Comparison==========iPhone:  Way way better than iPhone in many sense and features;NEW Samsung Galaxy S III: I happen to see Samsung Galaxy S III in which software have a SLIGHT edge over nexus. But I expect S3 to have metal body or something far more attractive than previous versions. and it has the same glossy plastic body which goes yellow over time. and of course the price which is above $800 pre-order, is very pricey (over which i wrote a review and people started abusing me :-/ )ThereforeS III - $829 & Galaxy Nexus - $399 -> Nexus wins.S III - Less than $525 & Galaxy Nexus - $399 -> S III wins marginally.coz you ONLY need to pay enough for that ultimate value you get for extra money which is definitely not more than $200-$400.HTC One X: I am sorry I don't know.Nokia Lumia: Really good phone with all features neck to neck but what, Nokia carry a Windows OS which makes it far less competitive.Win OS: looks kool and very good performance but over time of say, couple of months usage, you feel stuck and hence frustrated with many limitations.Moto Razr: -n/a-

one of my friends got one just like it and said it was grate..... so far i am loving what i got no issues

I have Bought a Google nexus  and i can't make any upgrade for the android version to 4.1so when can i upgrade my cellphone? and how can i know that my carrier my support the upgrade.I am taking that cellphone to Egypt so our carriers may not support this upgrading (I don't know).

No hablo ingles me disculpan. Estoy usando el traductor de google. Con respecto a lo del producto que compre todavia no me ha llegado. Creo que hay un problema con LibertyExpress no estoy seguro del todo me dijeron que esperara ocho dias.

I used to have a HTC Desire, and this was a big step upThe good:* 16 Gb of memory is more than enough for apps, and a fair amount for music* Bright, high res screen* Fast processor (dual core)* it charges in a little more than an hour* it has a wide range of accessories* Android 4 (ICS!)* The vast majority of apps work on it.The bad:* Sometimes things get weird, and I have to reboot it* Under heavy use, it won't last a day* The antenna doesn't seem to be as good as non-smart phones.  It was mostly a brick in outback Australia (NT) where other people on the trip were happily calling and texting* It can't take uSD cards for expansionThe ugly:A couple months into having the phone, the touch screen started failing.  I couldn't type "q", "1", "@" (portrait) or symbol or space (landscape).  Sometimes it's so bad I have to reboot the phone to use the touchscreen.  The phone doesn't have the capability to calibrate the touch screen, and the latest firmware updates don't seem to help.  Make sure you get a warranty!  (Mine's getting shipped back tomorrow.)

** update 2 **Dropped the phone last week and the screen cracked.Samsung won't do any repair for it in the US telling me to send it to Canada.The guy said they only repair Verizon phones and GSM phone bought directly from google play store.Called the Canadian office and was told replacing the screen will cost anywhere from $100-$300 (they won't give any estimate)I will also have to pay for Shipping and Insurance *both* ways which will bring the grand total to anywhere from $150 to $350.I strongly advice against buying the phone from this retailer and going directly to goggle play store where you will be able to get the phone serviced in the US.Taking one star off for the lack of service.This is not a standard Nexus phone and won't be updated by Google.It is running Samsung modified OS "with really small region-specific tweaks".That means phone is not being updated by Google (mine is locked to 4.0.1 and refuses to upgrade to 4.0.2/3)The whole idea of getting a google phone was to be able to get latest OS version as soon as google makes them.My phone has OS version yakjuxw (signed by Samsung) instead of the standard yakju version of the GSM Galaxy Nexus.**update**I found out that the phone can be unlocked and loaded with latest android vesrion from google using WugFresh's Galaxy Nexus root tool.It is a small applet which will install all needed S/W on your PC and can load latest yakju(google unadulterated image) using the back-to-100%-stock bottom.[...]The whole process will take 30 minutes (including D/L and insatll of needed S/W)Please keep in mind that unlocking boot loader will erase your phone so try and backup everything you got or do the upgrade as soon as you get the phone.

Excellent cell phone, fast innovative, efficient, very good presentation and performance in Venezuela works perfectly, 3.5G with Digitel, full signal, lightweight and versatile, great attention

&#34;Desde que lo compre y hasta el d&iacute;a de hoy a sido el mejor tel&eacute;fono que he tenido, desde su respuesta hasta la duraci&oacute;n de la bateria&#34;.  Since I buy and even to this day been the best phone I have had since your response to the battery

the truth is one of the best I've seen androi phones and has nothing to envy others, very happy would recommend 100%

I knew what I was going for and for that price you just can't go wrong.Great product by google!

excellent phone, came in perfect condition, the only thing I would improve is the battery performance.  fast and efficient with applications and updates.

All very well as they described the product. I have only to say that the model is not Yakju, but the phone is behaving very well with the system 4.0.2. 3 stars for this..!!

I bought two Galaxy NexusNexus#1whenever I go on facebook,Browser or anything that need to use internet, the area around the camera will get warm. not too hot.. but that's not normal....(wifi is fine, no over-heat with wifi)Nexus#2the screen's color is not good... when I turn the phone to either up/left/down/right side, the screen's color will turn blue.... it didn't have the "over heat" problem...so right now... I think i need to return both phone.......other than these problem.... everything work great on the phone :)

FINAL REVIEW:I purchased this device from Transformers and GSM Phones on February 18th. I had the device in hand by the 22nd, and absolutely loved everything about it. From the snappy OS to the incredible display, to the great battery life, I was in love. Then, the following week, the phone stopped charging while powered on and wouldn't be recognized as a USB device on my computer. I managed to get an exchange on the device, and I had that device for exactly 1 week before I started having the same exact issue. I have not been able to get answers from Samsung support regarding this issue (even when telling them I had the i515 version of the device), and I am left with serious doubts about Samsung Quality Assurance/Control.I wanted to love this phone, and now I am stuck trying to find another device I want for AT&T;, but I simply cannot rate a device with an EXPECTED 1 WEEK LIFESPAN above 1 star. I hadn't purchased Samsung in a long time because of bad experiences with previous devices of theirs, and I thought a Nexus device would allay those concerns. I was left severely disappointed. Hopefully Google can partner with a more quality company in the future.

I've owned this phone for half a year now, still love it!  It's the best smartphone I've owned in the last 5 years, including iPhones.  Dual core 1.2mhz makes it fast for everything, yet it is not so highly clocked that it drains the battery unnecessarily.  iPhones are poor on battery life, couldn't make it through a full day of use without having to recharge ... even if I didn't use it much.  The Galaxy III is an awesome newer Android phone, but with the faster processor you lose battery life.  The Nexus is the perfect balance of a fast, awesome Android 4 smartphone that also has great battery life compared to anything in its class.  Not only will it make it through a full day for me, if I don't use it much it can make it through the greater part of a second day if I forget to recharge it.  Highly recommend, even now when it is almost a year old and is consider older technology.  If I lost it I would buy the same phone again, maybe the white version though :)

As a previous owner of the Nexus One I was ready to upgrade to the newest version.  The phone I received was the Samsung flavored (yakjuxw) running Android 4.0.2 (purchased from Abe-123).I ran with the original configuration for almost a week and noticed that the battery would barely last a day under "normal" use (checking e-mail, Facebook, etc. from time to time).  I then followed the instructions on the xda forums to flash the stock Google image which took me to 4.0.4.  Immediately noticed a marked improvement in battery life.  The phone now lasts a day easily with moderate to heavy use (I keep mobile data on constantly and wifi when at home).  I will probably end up getting the extended battery later this year, though.  And now that I'm running the stock Google image I should get OTA updates much faster.Not much else to say that hasn't already been said by others.  I agree that the case (especially the batter cover) seems sort of flimsy.  However it is very easy to remove and I'm not worried about breaking anything as there is a lot of give to it.  And if you purchase a decent case (I picked up the Diztronic flexible) as well as a screen protector (I got the Skinomi) I think you'll be in good shape.If you enjoy the Android experience by all means grab this phone.  While I enjoy the iPhone experience (very fluid and crisp, easy to use interface) I think you get a little more out of Android devices.  Especially if you aren't afraid to tinker a little bit.  And the interface on this phone (with ICS) is as good as, if not better than the iPhone 4S's I have seen.

----3/22/12 Update----I have the 4.0.2 update. OTG USB works with any USB keyboard, USB mouse or Bluetooth keyboard or mouse. Supposedly there is an Ice Cream Sandwhich 4.0.5 update for the Verizon Galaxy Nexus that will trickle down to the GSM version. I hope USB memory stick support will come with that update.I can only seem to get 720p output from the USB MHL adapter. Some others have been able to get 1080p output. Note it's a *shared* screen, not a special screen for videos. What you see on the phone is what you get on the screen.I get occasional random reboots like once a week, but it rarely happens.Battery life is OK. I have a lot of apps installed like Facebook, Twitter and Skype that poll and gather data. The phone will last all day in standby. While surfing or using apps, I can get 2-3hours with the screen continuously on. On balance, I have to leave the phone plugged in at night to stay charged for the next day. The extended battery is available overseas and on eBay.Regarding Google Wallet, I side-loaded it using an APK from XDM. I was able to pay for some stuff at DuaneReade and 7-Eleven. It also supposedly works at RadioShack, CVS and RiteAide. None of them work with their rewards cards although you'd think it would. It works at the NJ Transit ticket kiosk at Penn Station. Google Wallet has been locked down tight recently and rooted users will have problems using the app. You are basically loading up a pre-paid credit card. When the balance is low, you have to fill it up more cash. It's hard to get to $0 balance. I think it's a neat feature, but I don't find myself using it all that much. Google *really* needs to open this app up to all NFC enabled phones, not just Sprint and AT&T; Galaxy Nexus phones. I think there is an issue where the carriers want a cut of the transaction since it goes over their network. As it stands, NFC payments is a non-starter technology with very little market penetration. ISIS, the other competing technology, will release later this year and will probably become available on more phones with more carrier buy-in.I still haven't used NFC tags. I haven't seen them anywhere in NYC yet.T-Mobile GSM is decent in NYC. At times it can get really slow (2-3Mbps) with 180ms+ ping. That's not good for real-time gaming or VOIP. They also throttle you even though you have yet to hit your cap. Their web proxy will compress JPG images. You'll notice websites will look more block and pixellated. If you switch to a https/SSL browser connection, your JPGs will look normal.The OLED screen uses a pentile sub-pixel layout. To my eye, it kind of looks like film grain. You notice it on solid dark colors on the screen. You won't notice it on photographs which look vibrant and bright on OLED. Detail is good, but not as good as high as an iPhone 4s. There is definitely more resolution (1280x720, some of the pixels on the right side are used for the on-screen navigation buttons). 1080p H.264 videos up that I downloaded from Youtube up to 5Mbps streams play well on the phone.----------------------I have the GSM version of the Galaxy Nexus. I can't add anything new to what's already been said at length in other reviews. But I can add some observations.The bad:- OTG USB cable doesn't work with the current ROM 4.0.1 of Ice Cream Sandwich on the phone. Plugging a keyboard or mouse with the cable doesn't work. Bluetooth devices work however.- Even with a 4.0.2 ROM, plugging a USB memory stick won't mount. You have to hack around it with 3rd party apps to mount FAT32 partitions.- There is an issue where in landscape mode, the lower right side of the screen doesn't respond to touch input while in a game.Supposedly these issues will be fixed in a future update like 4.0.2. So far, I haven't gotten the over-the-air update.- Using Google Wallet and NFC is useless until Google officially releases Google Wallet in the US. I haven't tested the NFC share feature yet.- The GSM version only comes in a 16GB model. A 32GB model is supposedly available overseas for pre-order.- At the moment, you can't buy an official OEM battery that has the NFC antenna built in. You can find knock-off batteries sans NFC antenna for the phone from eBay.The good:- The phone accepts a T-Mobile SIM card and an AT&T; SIM card in the US. I have a T-Mobile pre-paid SIM card and have a $30 Monthly4G 5GB plan. It works great. I'm getting 5 to 7 megabits down and 1 to 1.5 megabits up on HSPA+ in NYC.Overall I am pleased with the phone and will hold onto it for the next few years.

It is deceiving that you have to pay extra for a cellphone that it is supposed to be &#34; unlocked &#34;and found out the day you travel that it wasn't !

&#60;3 Articulo en muy buen Estado. El mejor tel&eacute;fono que he tenido, y el vendedor es muy atento y responsable!!

Ok for everyone complaining about the phone you don't understand, and don't understand why it is expensive go research the phone first and then see why people are selling this phone for more than what it is worth. This phone is for the people that just can't wait any more to get their hands on the device ever since they were teasing the hell out of it. This phone is for the people that have been following google on twitter announcing that they are going to unveil something amazing with the next update of Android. Well it is here and people want it bad, I want it bad. But I wont buy it right now because I don't want to spend so much for the phone when it is going to come out in about a week. That said this is the phone for the people who love android since the G1 first came out and people fell in love with it. and this is for the people that know what cupcake,donut,eclair,froyo,gingerbread,honeycomb, and finally Ice Cream Sandwich is. If you don't know what any of that is you are most likely the one that is complaining.FYI $750 is about the price of a lot of off contract phones are now.

This is the best phone I ever had. I like that large screen and thin body. ICS works really smooth on it.I'd recommend it for everyone!

I love Android.However, the Galaxy Nexus lasted me for less than a year. The biggest problems have been with charging. The icon would show charging when connected to the power supply, but the battery would not always charge. The battery icon would also continue to show charging when disconnected from the power supply. It was sometimes necessary to shut the device down completely to charge the battery.Then there were the frequent, random restarts. The device would shut down and restart randomly, and continue doing so until the battery were removed and reinserted, at which point the device would power up normally... until it's next series of random restarts.Finally, the battery stopped taking a charge altogether, and the power supply would overheat. This was the case on three different power supplies.Then I ordered a different phone. Hope the Nexus 4 is better.

i've totally fallen in love with this phone. it is the hardest thing to put down. it houses all my important data allowing me to seamlessly keep tabs on both work and personal inventory.

The Pros:- The looks of the phone is absolutly stunning. The curved shape makes it look extra stylish and exquisit.- Pentaband: This is one of the major advantages with this phone.It makes traveling a breeze. It can connect to Quadband 3G frequences and AWS.- Unlocked: This makes sim swapping a breeze.- ICS and JB: These two os`makes this phone one of the fastest, smoothest, and reliable Android I have ever used. Updates are fast,applications are mostly compatible and best of all, it does not crash like on Gingerbread.The Cons:- No SDcard- The GPU (needs to be better)- Easily scratchable screen- Battery needs to be atleast 2000mah- The memory- Mac compatibility

The best android device that I ever had.Well builted, very fast, batery duration is good.The main attractive of this phone it is the "PURE" Android on it.The 5 MP, 2592x1944 pixels camera has almost zero lag between take pictures.The Super AMOLED 720 x 1280 pixels screen is AMAZING!

No more google nexus. For two years was everything OK. After last update, may 5th, must buy new phone /was it their intention?/. Simple. Screen goes on, and on, and on. By itself. It's killing battery. All apps are out, no bluetooth, wifi, sync or gps. Still screen is on. Even if I've formatted memory it doesn't help. So, goodbye Samsung. Goodbye android.

PLUSESFirst, let me say I am writing this review for both the GSM (AT&T;) and LTE (Verizon) versions of this phone. I'll explain in a moment. I bought the phone (the GSM version) because I was looking for a pure Android experience. I wanted the OS minus the wrappers and such added by carriers, and manufacturers. This phone delivers in that department. No phone I've owned surpasses the beauty of this phone. From the physical build to the smooth interface of ICS (& JB). The experience is incredible and I thought for sure I had found the perfect device, but it quickly turned south when I began to use the phone for, well, a phone.MINUSESThis is where the positive parts of my review end. I always read reviews, and heavily research things before I purchase them. Typically, I will listen to my gut and do what I think is best based on the opinion of other individuals and professional reviews, but this time I was totally star struck by ICS, and Jelly Bean, and the "pure Google experience". I purchased this phone to replace the Galaxy S2 (GSM Ver), which I loved. Great phone, but I was ready to make a move. Anyway, I noticed the day I fired up the GN that I was in trouble. The signal was below that of my wife's SkyRocket and the SGS2. Not only were the bars fewer, but the actual dbm reading was less. I live in a rural area in southern Arkansas, so AT&T; coverage is mediocre at best in many parts of my area. It's fine in town, but not so much when between the 'larger' towns.I'm beginning to travel regionally more now for work so I decided to pick up the Verizon version of the GN to try out. Verizon's footprint in the area is great, even offering 4G. I thought for sure that the GN on Verizon would be the ticket. So, a friend and I went to a job site together (I work in IT) via a rural state road. He had a Droid Bionic and I was sporting the LTE Galaxy Nexus (and still had the AT&T; version as well). During the 1.25hr drive the Droid Bionic got consistently -20dbm better signal (IE, I had -115dBm and he had -95dBm). This was the case on both 3G & 4G towers. It difference was incredible. The Bionic lost signal a few times during the trip, while both versions of Nexi were without signal 90% of the time through the rough patches.CONCLUSIONIf call quality, and signal isn't important to you, I can not recommend this phone to you. I'm very disappointed as I really wanted to like this phone. I turned in the Verizon GN for a Droid RAZR Maxx, which I have used for one day and love it. I drove the same stretch of road and was able to make phone calls, and pulled down a few songs over the 3G network while I was on the drive. Motorola wins no beauty contests, but beauty is only skin deep!

This is the best phone I've ever had. Before this I had the nexus one and it lasted me over two years so I figured I would stay with the nexus brand. This phone doesn't disappoint at all. I'll keep this short as all the other reviews on here cover the best aspects of the phone. I just have one more thing that amazed me about the phone. Yesterday I was doing a ropes course 40 feet high in the trees when I dropped my phone. I thought for sure something would be broken because I only have a thin case, but no. A 40 foot drop to dirt and my phone still in unharmed and works perfectly. I highly recommend this product.

I almost never write reviews unless something is really awful and I feel the need to warn people.  In this case, I'm so elated by this phone I have to tell everyone! I have T-Mobile and all I did was slide in the SIM card from my old phone and it worked.  It did some network update to the OS almost right away.  Seems like a good sign that it's supported by T-Mobile and/or Google.  Anyhow, like everyone else I love the big bright screen and thin style.  My iPhone friend was jealous because her phone was fat in comparison and her screen was tiny next to mine. But what I love the most is that my phone screams on the T-Mobile network.  I don't even understand how or why.  Get this...my wife's phone (same T-Mobile plan) runs on 4G and she got 5 Mbps download speed.  On mine I get 7-11 Mbps! I tested both at the same general time in the same place several times each so I know it wasn't a fluke nor was I connnected to the home wifi network (that ran at 6 Mpbs).  I am so in love with this phone!  I feel like one of the dweebs that go on-and-on about their iPhone.  The only downside?  Because of its size it's difficult to grip something that large, so I feel like I'm more apt to drop it...but a small price to pay for such a great phone!

I'll let you read the other reviews for all the "Pros" out there.  There are many, as overall it is a great phone.  However there are a few BIG cons that need to be mentioned.  Keep in mind I upgraded from a Galaxy S Sprint Slide phone. (A great phone).  So I have a point of reference.  I used that phone for nearly two years.A couple major "CONs" that I have are these:1.  When I am outside and the phone rings. I cannot see the screen to unlock it and answer it. Brightness set to maximum, and still no luck.  This is a major annoyance as I am outside frequently. The phone rings, and all I see is a black screen.  I end up hitting the power button because you are conditioned to do that to activate the display, and that silences the call.  Annoying. Highly Annoying. I'm open to suggestions here.2. Battery life. I understand having a high powered computer in your pocket requires high power. My old phone was a high powered computer and had to charge it everyday. This phone, (with wireless off, and GPS off) will lose its battery within 4 hours if you are using the phone as a normal user might use it.  I do admit, if you keep it in your pocket and don't look at it for 4 hours, most of the battery will be left.  But if you check your phone like most do, say every 20 minutes for an email, a facebook post, or to text someone, the battery will be gone.  While in use, the display devours the battery.  1% per minute by my calculations just being on.  Doing other things with it sucks the power even faster.

this phone look awesome ,nice design ,attractive screen and features .But there is one issue with this phone ,its screen auto-rotation is not working since the first boot....!!!!

Great phone, wide screen, Android 4.0, easy to download apps, easy to check internet and it's all google integrated. You won't depend on itunes to download the apps you want. I'm happy I bought it.Samsung I9250 Galaxy Nexus 16GB (Unlocked)

I brought the phone a few weeks ago around may 20th. So far the phone is amazing in every way. It was just what I was looking for. I came from the Lg G2x which was buggy an laggy as hell even with a custom rom. I hated the phone. As of right now I really like the Galaxy Nexus. The screen is amazing an android 4.0 on this phone is sick. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone wanting a pure android experince.

Loved the samsung galaxy nexus, but the box didnt came with the label that indicate never was opened, else that, is a perfect phone, very fast and tons of apps, very big screen and bright... nice cellphone recomended

Estoy realmente muy contenta con mi nueva adquisicion, el Samsung Galaxy Nexus.Samsung I9250 Galaxy Nexus 16GB (Unlocked)Cumple con todas mis expectativas!!!

The item arrived before due date. Everything is just perfect. The new ice cream sandwich is awesome!It is really good looking, performs real fast functions and has enough memory for the basic stuff.The only con is that battery does not last long.I am very satisfied costumer because before this I only had Symbian System cell phones and I didnt really want an iPhone so I would strongly recommend this one if you are an Android fan.It worked perfectly though the GSM unlocked version is steady here but its a shame we dont have 4G yet.

The phone had signal issues from day 1. both wifi and cellular. My wife and I both have T-Mobile and while hers would have good signal.. mine wouldn't so much. It resulted in a few drop calls on occasion. Otherwise a good product.

Don't buy it unless you want a product with defects in the power module, mine last for 2 months, and to get it fix I have to send it over seas to UK at my cost.I cant lie, phone was awesome until this happened.now it is just annoying.I know it is not amazon fault, the defective product comes from Samsung. And Samsung USA would not take it to repair it...:-(I am trying now to get my money back, because I will not be comfortable with a defective product.

A really great phone. The shippment process was great too, the price, every thing was good. I recommend this :)

First off, ICS (android 4.0) is awesome! this phone is sleek and lightning fast. Great battery life. First discharge (with moderate use) lasted 42 hours. I gave this phone as a gift so I'm not too familiar with it (owned for a week before giving) but one thing that blew me away was the camera. No shutter delay whatsoever. I thought that I hadn't taken a picture at all, except the thumbnail of the previous picture disappeared. It's also great that this phone is pentaband, meaning it can work with AT&T or T-Mobile and have 3g with both.

I do not think it is a good investment to buy a phone without warranty, or support.No matter what the price, this is a no go!!!There are better phones out there. Some more expensive and some less, but this does not do it.

This is a great cell phone. Light weighted, excellent display and pure Android ICS experience. It worth changing my old Sony Ericsson Xperia X10.

Great phone I would recomend this over many of the newer phones I ve used them and mine is better

One of the reasons I got this phone is because I hated all of the junk apps that Sprint &#34;gives&#34; you. I really don't want things like Nascar racing! I just traded Sprints useless apps for Googles! On top of that this phone is not compatible with just about every device out there including the Paypal Here card swiper. You don't get the features that Sprint offers like the voice mail option that translates the message into text.Since the last update I will sometimes get no service at all unless I choose the &#34;airplane&#34; mode and then turn it off again. My husband has the same phone and has to do this too. It's apparently a known problem. Also, most of the time I cannot search for anything on Google.......on my Google based phone. Seriously??? I get something like &#34;Google connection can't be made at this time&#34; or something similar. I also have that same trouble with Google maps. I have to use a different map app.....on my Google phone.....The charging spot is on the bottom of the phone. I thought I'd like that but I've gone through so many charging cords that I've lost track now. The cord has to bend more at the base of the phone. Also, since it's on the bottom, it tends to get crud in it easier. You can clean it out with an eraser as I found out at my Sprint store. Happens a lot. But now I have a whole bunch of cracking in my ear. Do you put your phone in the cupholder of your car? Is there maybe some soda residue? I guess I have some because somehow it made it inside that connector area - right where the microphone is. I'm not sure how that makes it crackle in my ear, but that's what they're telling me at the Sprint store. So now I have to pay $100 to replace this just to get a refurb model of this same piece of junk (I have the insurance. They give you refurbs if you don't know already). I can't get a new phone for another 6 months. Apparently the whole soda in the connector thing happens a lot too.Then there are the other fun things with the phone - not a very good camera (my kids' HTC Ones are so much better!), so slloooowwww to do anything that requires data service but my personal favorite is the battery life. I am religious about closing apps. I still have to fully charge this phone at least twice per day. I don't run movies or even music on it. I do email, some navigation, some internet (if I have the time to wait for it), some word games - nothing that should drain it that quick. I have charging cables all over the house plus one in the car. It does charge quickly though, I have to say that.

I would like to purchase this new phone samsung galaxy nexus. But concern is would this phone work with mobile.since it states that the product is unlocked.I have mobile and I wouldn't know if this phone is only unlocked for certain carriers. Does anyone know? Other than that I think the phone is awesome. Curently I am using google nexus s by samsung. Which is the previous phone from the phone above shown. Thank you

I bought an Unlocked phone and I received a locked phone and now I can not use it.I need a solution for this problem now, help me and I will give a better rate.

Wow. You REALLY need to notice who fulfills this item.When I ordered it (from HassleFreeCell), I got a new phone, but the printed instructions and default language were both Japanese. Had to go to the web to figure out how to change the language on the phone. But the power adapter was US.When I ordered the same item from Excell Mobile Distributors Inc, I received it, but a badly damaged box which was noted on the order form. I had expected an undamaged box...I certainly never noticed any indication that when I placed the order that the vendor could ship me a very damaged box.The second thing about the Excell Mobile device is that the power plug was default for EU, and you need an adapter (which they included) to work in the US. So this is a different part # than than the phone from HassleFreeCell.the phone is great, and 4.0.4 (that I upgraded to from the google release), is a great improvement. But if you have >400 contacts, voice dialing won't find them. Very poor QA on google's part. And the default email doesn't sync with Exchange more than once (more sloppy QA) so I had to buy Enhanced Email which reliably syncs with Exchange. The phone dialer isn't nearly as good as the iPhone, e.g., there are no "favorites."I found the rooting tool at [...] to be ideal. If you want to root your phone, do it right after you get it and make sure you use the updated su.zip if you are using 4.0.4. The su.zip that works for 4.0.3 will not work on 4.0.4.

I love this phone and it's features.  I had the Samsung Galaxy S 2 prior to this one.  Sadly the S2 had software issues and Samsung refused to help me in the USA because the phone was "international".  When I called Samsung international they wouldn't help either since I purchased it in the USA.  This phone is now turning on and off by itself and has other tech issues.  It is being returned when I return from some travels.  Hope Samsung gets all the bugs out of these fine phones and improve their customer service.

Software: If you are upgrading from the previous generation of Android phones, you will a notice huge improvement in the OS. Most importantly, the OS feels super smooth and polished. Don't compare it to iOS though. Soft keys are also very responsive than expected. When I bought the phone during holidays, very few apps were optimized for ICS. But now every day more and more apps are optimized for Android 4.0. So that's a good thing.Hardware: The screen may feel a little bigger than what you are used to. Once you have spent enough time with the phone, it does not seem so large. In fact, you will enjoy the sheer screen size.Cost: When I bought the phone the price was $730. Somewhat costlier than now. But if you are one of those early adopters, it is totally worth.Conclusion: Go for it without thinking twice!

Was worried that I'd get a resealed product - but mine still had the Samsung factory label on it. The back plate of the phone's protective film had fallen off, but as the box appeared sealed I attributed it to a film issue. Phone is a great little device and updated to the latest Android 4.2 soon after initial use.

I would recommend it!just to know this nexus is a yakjuxw  model and not a yakju if you don't understand what this is it probably doesn't matter to you

The Samsung Galaxy Nexus is state of the art smartphone. I am very pleased with its' performance and would recommend anyone to buy it in case you are thinking about it.

A bargain for a phone like this. Just what I wanted, not more, not less. It may not be the top smartphone delivers what it promises

I know occationally you get a bad lemon in the stock and my Galexy Nexus was one.  After 2 months the screen flickered once, and suddenly there was a black line across it and the colors are very saturated.  It was never dropped, wet, or anything else.  I called Samsung and they faught me and faught me - It must have been my fault, the black line is a crack, things like that... After probably an hour of them not believing me they humored honoring their warrenty and set everything else up with me so I would recieve a paper letter with a packaging slip to send them the phone back.1 month later I didn't receive anything (they warned me it might take up to 2 weeks), called them and they said my claim number didn't exist.Now my phone doesn't just have a saturated screen, if I basically have the screen on for more then 3 minutes it begins flickering.  My last phone was a Samsung Focus (Windows Phone) and that one had overheating problems.  I figured it was just an exception so I bought this phone to replace it since in general I liked the quality of how things run on the phones.I don't think I will ever invest in another Samsung product because on the off chance that it messes up (and for me that's 2 for 2) they won't do anything to support their products.If your phone works properly though it's a great device, good size, good power (since the 4.2 update mine has been a big laggy) and great camera.

The Galaxy Nexus is an awesome device with a stunning display. Despite many other reviews online, ICS (the new version of Android launching with this device) is pretty easy to navigate/figure out. It does have a learning curve (even for die-hard long-time Android users), but much of the OS has been made more intuitive- one just has to step back and quit over-thinking what you are trying to do (or remembering previously complicated menus for those of us that have been around Android for a while), as (generally) everything you need is right there on the screen (unless you can't do it).My only two complaints are:1.)  Many apps still have not been updated to play nicely with ICS by  their developers (but this will change when Verizon launches the  device and ICS becomes more prevalent), and2.)  The price. This phone is expensive, and while completely worth it for  power-users such as myself, many people will struggle with this. The  main reason for expense right now is the fact that it must be imported  to the US from the UK (and soon Japan/Germany/elsewhere?), so there  are fees and shipping associated with that. Also, once the device does  officially launch here in the US, Verizon (and other carriers  hopefully) will subsidize it and bring the price down a  bit).Some people complain about the camera on this phone, but as with any other camera phone, there is a lot of variation. Yes there are bad pics out there on the various forums, but there are a lot of really good pictures taken with it by people who know the ins and outs of photography. The shutter and operation of the camera is lagless (perfect and fast), and I have found it to perform better than any of my other phones in low-light situations. It performs (in my experience) on par with the iPhone 4 (I have not played with a 4s yet so I can't say anything about that device). At the end of the day, if you want professional pictures, buy a professional camera. No phone will give you the quality of a DSLR. This phone is much more than sufficient for capturing the quick memories relevant for sharing via email/text messages or social media.Also, there is a bug where the firmware does not debounce the volume rocker properly (there is an unshielded radio amplifier located near the rocker's circuitry that when connected to or near 2G signal on the 900 mHz band the volume rocker will think it is being pressed due to the interference), a software OTA update began being pushed out to phones yesterday (11/30/2011) to fix this issue (verified by many user reports to have fixed it). This issue affected only users outside of the US (we do not use the 900 mHz frequency band here in the states). If nothing else, this illustrates the greatest reason to buy this phone. The issue was discovered as widespread Sat. 11/19, Google's firmware fix is dated (as being compiled on/completed on) 11/21 (the following Monday), and the 9 days in between fix completion and deployment is due to testing and logistics of pushing out an OTA update. 11 days from issue identification to resolution, which is outstanding. The main reason to buy this phone is Google's dedication to this product line (the "Nexus" Series) and its software. No waiting on carriers and OEMs to write/modify/reject/etc. each little update the phone gets.I hope this helps someone realize this truly great device.

Excelente celular.. Trabaja muy bien con Movistar en Venezuela.. Muy liviano por ende debes tener mucho cuidado donde lo colocas.. Recomendado 100%..

I just recently received my Samsung Galaxy Nexus phone and found that it was not the standard build. The phone came with an international charging unit (most likely European) and so I was not able to plug it in a normal outlet. The other thing is that it's NOT running under Google's hardware in which you can have instantaneous over-the-air updates from Google. So I was unable to update my phone to the current Jelly Bean Android software without having to install a separate rom or flashing my phone to a stock-built hardware version. I am very technical when it comes to updating phones and do not want to brick or harm my phone in any way by doing something else to get the update when it should come standard with the phone in the first place. I went ahead and returned this phone from Amazon and bought the Galaxy Nexus directly from the Google play store. It comes preloaded with the latest Jelly Bean software and you have a more peace of mind with it's current hardware and software updating. Not to mention it's cheaper than Amazon's price. I would recommend buying it directly from Google. These are the only reasons why I'm giving it 3 stars. Other than that it is a really lightweight, sleek, and fabulous phone and I am really loving it's functionality and performance.

This phone arrived in great shape and had no issues what so ever. There really aren't words to describe the way it looks when you first turn it on. The screen is absolutely gorgeous. That's the best way to say it.Specs wise, this thing is a power house. And the GPU is more than capable of handling anything thrown at it in my testing. Battery life seems to be average. I will not lie and try to say it's awesome or even average. It can drain quickly. My advice would be to buy a second battery and a wall charger. I do this with my G2. Once one battery dies or is almost dead, I go grab the other and replace. It works perfectly and keeps me from constantly having to keep my phone connected to a silly cord.If you are on the fence about this phone.. just buy it. It's worth it.

Is an Excellent phone and I love it.... when I saw it on amazon it was love at first Sight, So I start to safe the money to buy it and now I have it, is in an excellent condition, with problem and I'm happy to have it... Thanks amzon for make my dreams came true... :-)

My husband has this phone- great phone- fast, functional, etc.  But the reason I think this phone is so great is because he's dropped it about 500 times & every time the screen cracks more & more (and is why I deducted a star for my rating).  About 2 weeks ago, I found his phone in his pocket-- when I was putting them into the dryer out of the washing machine...  He started looking for another phone, but low & behold-- he let it dry, charged it & it works at 100%!  There's not even any water seepage in the cracks on the screen & the cracks are so bad that there's an actual hole in the glass for the screen. We're amazed it's as good of a phone as it is!

This is a fantastic device. I have almost a year using it and I never complained. I am a mexican user and Isacell (local provider) works perfect for me. I totally recommend it!

I generally disregard the single star reviews so I don't blame you for not reading this. However, I ordered the Samsung Galaxy Nexus because I already owned the first generation Nexus One (HTC) . It was a great phone. Still works. Very solid. This newest Google Phone is the CHEAPEST feeling consumer electronics I have ever held. The back is more poorly designed then almost any kids toy you would get in a Happy Meal at McDonald's.  I put the devise right back in the box and sent it back without bothering to turn it on. I then immediately purchased the Motorola Razr Droid. This phone feels like an IBM Thinkpad  - if you know what I mean.  For Executives. It's what you would expect of a nearly $500 handset. Took me only a few minutes to set up imap, skype, and all my other services. So far very happy. Shame on Google and Samsung for trying to sell the Galaxy Samsung Nexus for more than a $.01 contract phone.

This phone hasn't released in the USA yet, but it an absolutely great phone and a strong showing of Google's Android.  The interface is awesome.  If you''re coming from Froyo or Gingerbread expect a learning curve from what you're used to.  Newcomers, welcome to Android 4.0.I imported mine, but it is the international unlocked gsm version.  To those who care, the cellular radio is average on this phone and par for Samsung.  Perhaps radio flashes might help.  If you're coming from a Nokia or Motorola phone expect a step down in reception.  Earpiece and loudspeaker are kinda low volume but good quality.  Perhaps an app like volume+ might help.  For those who care, it comes with a Texas Instruments sound chip.  Expect sound comparable to a Wolfson found in phones like Samsung Galaxy S or Motorola Atrix.  (extra tidbit, Texas Instruments bought Burr Brown a few years ago, wink) If you don't know, that means exceptional sound quality for a phone.  Bluetooth works great.  No issues so far.  Wifi speeds are great.  Mhl works great and looks great on a big screen.  As of now, using mhl you can only use landscape mode.  Notification led is limited to white with the stock rom.  There's a few bugs here and there but as par for a nexus phone, they will be fixed by google or if you're into flashing roms, fixed even faster by the development community.If you read my review you might've noticed I mentioned a lot of it's minor flaws.  In reality, this is Google's Developer Phone and will have/has a large development community.  A lot of the flaws/glitches/bugs will be fixed or improved upon.  Or if you prefer, replaced.  And that is part of the beauty of Android.  I was very hesitant to pay the over $700 USD to have this phone imported.  To sum up this phone and my review "This is by far the best phone and $700 I have spent EVER!"  Honestly, if you're itching for a release in your country, Scratch it.  Now.  Till it hurts.

This phone is great and came quick too. Its everything what the seller said.I'm not a power user like I used to be so 16GB was well enough for me. I'm very  familiar with the Nexus device where I had it on Verizon and had an awful experience with them. I only stick with GSM devices.I did find out that there were 3 GSM variants of this device where my device doesn't get the android updates right from Google but from Samsung which is a big let down and have to wait until Samsung release the newest updates. Overall this is still a great device.I also bought an extended battery from the Seidio company which allows my phone to stay juiced up for a long time before needing a recharged.

Charger was dead after ONLY two days without any reason!!The phone is as described but it didn't match my expectations specially in ICS, and one thing i didn't like at all the place of wake up button not good it's a little pit hard to press with one hand because of the size of the phone specially if you have a protective case, the other thing is the battery life is a bellow average and it should have been better in a such an expensive device.

BECAUSE, my product arrived in perfect condition as it had Scytho on Sale Ad. thank you, good job.see you then.

Loved the Phone Although the battery runs out quickley...but the Phone is great the best phone I had till know.

The phone has all the features that phones should have. A nice screen, replaceable battery, a world phone, NFC, and many more. The only problem is that it is overpriced for a phone more than two years old. You should not be spending more than $130 for a great condition phone.I bought this phone in "Like New" condition from the seller Product Rewards, claiming that the phone was only used for an academic study for 12 weeks. When I got the phone, it looked like it has been used for years. The battery that came with it was also the wrong battery.Anyways, I returned it. For the same amount I paid, I ended up buying a brand new recently released phone.

Pros:Good screen except when used in direct sunlight.Cons:Battery life is horribly. Really really bad. You cannot do without carrying a few extra batteries with you at all times (I bought some really cheap from Ebay that came with a charger).Has network problems when WiFi is enabled but you are not connected to any router/hotspot. Phone will not easily switch to your carrier's data signal. I often end up turning off wifi connectivity.The speaker is awful. The volume is not that high.Voice quality is not that good. My blackberry was a much better phone.I was impressed with the screen size and quick camera when I was shopping for a new phone.I will always research any future phone that I buy. It pays to do your homework.

The Galaxy Nexus is the best Android phone so far. It is neither too big nor too small. The face unlock works like a charm. Has plenty of room for Apps / Data.The best feature of the phone is Android 4.0 (ICS), which in my opinion is a really great mobile OS, way better than Windows phone and Apple iPhone operating systems.The user interface is simple and yet the phone is ready for geeks to modify the way they want the phone to be.Litle bit of cons:The phone hardware build is good, but not that great compared with other phones. There could have been little bit of Metal instead of plastic.Also Google could have allowed for extra storage through a MicroSD slot. Other than that, I don't have any more complaints.

i have the device for a couple of weeks.I like the feel of it.It is a good  device.i recommend it to everyone.

I was looking for an affordable and well-built Android phone after my fiasco purchasing a Windows Phone, and this Galaxy Nexus came to the rescue! It's very quick and doesn't freeze hardly ever, even with the newest Android it can run (4.3).I also am grateful that it was built to such high-quality standards, too. I was walking and slipped on ice once and fell straight on top of it with my full weight while it was in my hand, SCREEN FACE DOWN. I thought it was done for, but after I brushed the ice, rocks and salt off of it, THERE WASN'T A SCRATCH ON THE SCREEN. The plastic right below the screen was kind of chewed up from grinding across the pavement, but the screen came out unscathed, which impressed me to no end.If you're looking for a well-built and nigh indestructible device that runs a smooth Android experience, THIS IS IT!

I've owned an iPhone and I've owned all the Google Nexus phones.  This one is by far the best.  The UI is fluid, smooth (much smoother than the previous Nexus phones - there is no jerkiness at all), and slick on a beautiful screen.  Is has all the apps I use and more and it integrates wonderfully with my Google Apps account (Gmail, Calendar, Docs, Google+, Talk, Latitude, etc).  The phone is very thin, very light and looks great.Oh, and I really love that I can just plug it into a computer and it acts like a big flash drive for me.  Super easy to get my photos and videos off this phone, just drag and drop them to my desktop like two windows folders - I hate the way iPhone does it.Of course there are always things I wished were better and here they are:* Copy and paste doesn't work in Google Talk* Battery life could be a bit better* The speakerphone could be a bit louder* The frequently called list is wrong* If you don't use network set times, the clock will drift about 1 or 2 seconds each day (for some reason they don't use NTP).  And applications can't fix it because Google won't let applications change the time on the phone, unless it's rooted.* The back cover, where the battery is took a little while to get use to snapping it back on - I thought I was going to break one of the plastic hooks.  It seems flimsy, but once it's on there it's fine and feels solid.Otherwise I'm very happy.  I hear the phone is much cheaper now, so at the new price I would definitely recommend it.Oh and the phones arrived on time and worked perfectly.  There was a little bit of dust on one of them (I bought 3), but the rest were in mint condition.  Also, I wished they shipped internationally!JB

I bought this from Amazon on October 2012, and now July 2013 it doesn't feel old. I have it rooted and running a custom rom and it feels fresh every single day. Quality construction is very good, battery life is decent, and looks amazing. Just a heads up: Samsung had the terrible idea of putting the hole to put your fingernail and take the battery door out just where it is the weakest: directly above the camera. Treat it carefully or you'll break it in no time.

The phone is a beast. VERY smooth, very stable, ICS rules!I've been using it for a month and it never hung. Battery life is acceptable, I have wi-fi enabled, sync and localization all the time, and it works for a day and a half without recharging.Yesterday I installed Chrome for Android and it is awesome!I recommend it 100%.

Very Good! I am delighted with this phone! The only detail is the fact that Android does not update directly from Google. I think Samsung should release updates more quickly. The camera is a show piece. I'm loving it!

This smartphone is just perfect!!! Still update 4.2 And feel like a new, This galaxy Nexus is top ON The LINE

Its a pretty good phone and runs well on android 4.3 but that camera.... could have been a bit better but i can't really complain. Overall pretty awesome phone

As reported elsewhere on forums by others and I, the model I received (Samsung Australia), due to differences in the radios or OS, the phone was not getting 3G or HSPA on T-mobile or 3G on ATT. The OS was not updating from 4.0.1. I returned it and Amazon fully refunded the money, including the 3.99 paid for 1-day shipping. My advice, check with the seller if it will work on US GSM networks beforehand or just buy it on google playMake no mistake. This phone is great. I finally got another another guy on ebay. The model was probably a European one and worked great. It is a fantastic phone. Being a previous Nexus One user, this was only a natural progression. 3G, HSPA worked. OS got updated to 4.0.4 recently.I prefer to buy on Amazon generally, especially as I am prime member, but this was a one-off case where I went to ebay

Excelente producto a excelente precio, nada q envidiarle al SII; y cuidado y no es mas practico y operativo q este ultimo. Tiene potencia suficiente para correr apps del SIII, telefono nuevo no reconstruido; lo unico malo es el tiempo de duracion de la bateria... es muy poco. Del resto excelente todo!!

I have been using this phone on the O2 network in Germany. I have rooted and unlocked it and have a custom rom installed. I have a case and a screen protector. The phone is fast, gets updates quickly, the camera is really good for a phone. It is not quad core but there is nothing I have done with it that I had just wished it had been faster. This thing is rock solid with a great screen. Buy it.

i was tired of my samsung exhibit 2 4g, so this was a big improvement for me, i wanted a phone that would wait for my response, not a phone that you have to wait for to respond. only a problem with a speaker but i bought the volume + app n that fixed it

I'm using it with the new Unlimited everything (including hotspot) plan that just came out from Solavei. Runs off T-Mobile and at&t;'s 4G network for $49/mo and ends up bein free or making you money every month instead. It just launched in September and is taking the money that would other wise be wasted on the same old repetitive advertising and giving it to the people for sharing with others. $20 for every 3 people you enroll every month for as long as they have the service+another $20 for every 3 people they add as well... It adds up let me tell ya. Also coming to Europe next yearLearn more at [...][...]

Overall, the Samsung Galaxy Nexus has a nice feel to it. I like the curved glass; it just feels right when you're talking on the phone. The body is thin and although a bit plasticky, it still feels elegant. Open up the device and it still looks great. The screen is great.Android 4.0 has a number of neat features. I particularly like the task switcher (although it's a bit sluggish) and a lot of other things have just been thought through. However, the dark theme seems musky to me, and masculine in a way that I don't connect with. Now, dark colours save on battery life fi you have an AMOLED screen, so my complaint is not about the darkness per se, but the overall feel and colour combination. I'm not sure I like the new Roboto font either, there's something inconsistent about it.Despite a few negative comments, I would love the phone if it wasn't for the anemic battery they've put in it. Why is the only phone on the market with a half decent battery a CDMA phone? Why are we forced to use our smartphones like they were feature phones if we want to be sure to make that last urgent call late in the day? Makes me feel like the smartphone has yet to be invented.

is GSM? me gustaria saber si este cel es gsm y si es unloked?Samsung I9250 Galaxy Nexus 16GB (Unlocked)

Love it! My first smartphone :-) Very easy to install apps. Looks sleek, but on the big size for my hands. Have to charge it everyday though...

Excelente producto, muy buena experiencia con el vendedor, recomendado 100 % completamente y espero hacer futuras compras en esa tienda, gracias.

It's a great phone for everyone (geeks and non-geeks). But if you develop apps for Android you should definitely get this phone, it's a no-brainer.Software.This device is all about software. Pure stock ICS experience is incredible. No custom manufacturer UI is as polished and usable as Google's. I'd say it's a revolution for Android. This device was designed for Android 4.0 and everything works flawlessly. I've been using the phone for over a month and I've had only 2 freezes first couple of days. I'm not sure what caused them, but I was on Android 4.0.1 back then (no issues on 4.0.4).One cool perk is that you'll get all Android updates first, because it's a Google phone. But be sure to buy "yajku" or "takju" variant because there are a lot of other variants that do not receive updates from Google directly. This was a big surprise for me when I got the phone. Most of them can be flashed "yajku" or "takju" and have the updates, but you won't the best Google experience out-of-the-box.Hardware.I consider this phone the best of what Samsung ever made in terms of body design. Even Galaxy S III, which was announced recently, looks not as good in my opinion (this glossy plastic body "inspired by nature" is not to my taste). Galaxy Nexus is matte gray with a rubbery feel battery cover (even if it's plastic). So no dust, dirt, scratches or fingerprints. It's slim and feels very nice in your hand but it's quite big. So if you have small hands it might be not for you.The screen is big, crisp with great colors and deep blacks. Although it has some of OLED disadvantages (grainy look and some banding on low brightness on some backgrounds) it's a great screen overall. I'm not sure if it's worse than HTC One X's and Galaxy S III's screens but I think it was the best before these came out. Yes, I think it's much better than iPhone 4S retina display (I've had plenty of time comparing these) but you may not agree if you prefer LCD over OLED. It's not perfectly readable under direct sunlight, but if you set the brightness to 100% it's usable. Note that the screen is a fingerprint magnet (as all touch screens are). The screen is beautifully curved but because of this it doesn't have Gorilla glass (which means it's more prone to scratches than many other phones).NOTE TO BUYERS AT AMAZON:Beware that there are a lot of variants of the Galaxy Nexus that don't receive direct Android updates from Google. I've bought here on Amazon one of these variants "yakjudv" (which is an Australian variant) from BRIGHT-POINT (Dolphin International Inc). This phone was stuck on 4.0.1 in April when 4.0.4 was already on many other Galaxy Nexus phones. So I've had to manually flash it with Google's "yajku" firmware to receive updates (and I've received one immediately after that).Also, if you are in the US, the best place to buy the Galaxy Nexus is Google Play Store. It costs only $400 and it's a "takju" variant that will receive all updates from Google.

If you are thinking of upgrading to the Samsung Galaxy Nexus think again. Not since the Motorola Zoom have I seen a manufacturer release an Android device without Swype. Samsung makes some great stuff and has been cutting edge when it comes to Android hardware but this bleeding edge device left the factory half baked.I am sending mine back as the Swype forums say 'next year' is the soonest you will be able type on this phone.I'd love to add some positive thoughts about this gadget but found pecking away at it like an iPhone frustrating and forced myself to put it down before it got heaved out the car window.It looks real nice and it was easy to put back in the box and hand to the UPS guy. Thanks for making returns a snap Amazon.Rick CulletonCEODiscountElectronics.com

Excellent phone and I love it, it has everything you need in one place, and everything is in SAMSUNG GALAXY NEXUS I9250.

I thought I'd post my thoughts on owning the Samsung Galaxy Nexus after sporting iPhones since 2008 with the iPhone 3G and then the iPhone 4. By the way, I always used to jailbreak my iPhones because I love customization and choice. Apple's iOS is catered more to the easier, carefree user who isn't bent on much customization and doesn't want to go through a webinar course just to learn how to use their device. This is the phone I would get my mother if she was ready to give up the Palm Pre I got her a year and a half ago but I dare not wrest it from her hands and give her another mobile device she has to take the time out to learn to use. She would literally kill me where I stand!I really do enjoy Android's Jelly Bean OS 4.1.2 as I can do most of the things I did on my iPhone 4 with a jailbroken iOS 5.1.1. I love how I don't have to root my Samsung Galaxy Nexus and the many settings and tweaks I can do merely with the stock operating system. I especially enjoy the fact that I have over 100GB of MP3's uploaded to Google Play's Music servers for my usage and access on Android devices. No longer do I have to worry about having enough storage space on my device to carry my music around with me. I can just stream via WiFi when available or via my mobile data plan which is up to 5GB a month with T-Mobile's Monthly 4G No Annual Contract prepaid plan.The huge 4.65" screen is a welcome beauty as my eyes thank me profusely for it! It's not too big for my pockets and it's not too small for my hands like I always felt the iPhone 4 was. I knew I wanted an increase not only in length but in width for my phone and when I saw the leaks a few months before the iPhone 5 was released, I knew they were real so I made up my mind to purchase an Android phone due to their generally larger screens. I do not regret my purchase! The screen, though not as pixel dense as the iPhone 4 or 5 (only 316 pixels per inch compared to the iPhone 4 & 5's 326 pixels per inch), I find it to be more vibrant and color rich. I watched some TV shows on Netflix as well as Avatar - Extended Edition and The Matrix from my phone's internal storage and marvelled at how beautiful the screen displayed the video. The audio, however, is the biggest and I think only downside of this device. Stock sounds are not loud at all. You must download an Equalizer or sound amplification app from Google Play's App Store to get any kind of sound out of the Galaxy Nexus to be able to comfortably hear it. This is referring to the ringer, notification sounds, etc. as well as the speaker and headset volume.I tremedously enjoy the inherent and extremely accurate Google Now which can be activated by voice and it's tied into Google's regular search engine as well as their Navigation app. I can merely say "Navigate to..." and it will search, find and give you turn-by-turn voice directions to your inquired destination. You can also say, "Text [contact name]..." with what you want to say and it's fairly accurate at doing just that as well. The only thing that is a tad bit irritating is the voice guidance on Navigation is a tad on the low side, volume-wise and is unable to be increased beyond the system-wide volume. There should be a setting that allows you to control the volume of your music while it's playing as well as voice navigation like I could with my GPS-Drive app from Apple's App Store that I used abundantly on my iPhone 4. I am considering rooting my Galaxy Nexus just to gain access to the source code for amplifying the volume which is something I shouldn't have to do with a phone. Google has been made aware of this on their support forums since the Galaxy Nexus released last year and has so far remained silent about a resolution which appears to be software-tweakable but primarily hardware-driven.And with the volume being mentioned, I have to also give a word on the quality of the music from Google's Music App on the phone itself. I must say, it is "Okay", but if I had to compare it to the quality of the iPhone's music, I would have to say it fails miserably!! But hey, you're talking about Apple, the company who makes the iPod, so I think the music from their phones should be top notch as well. I used to always complain about a lack of an equalizer, preferably 5 bands or more, on my iPhone 4, thinking I could make the music sound so much better. Boy, was I mislead after hearing music being played out of my Galaxy Nexus with a 5-band equalizer that reminds me of the sound quality of cassette tapes back in the day. And just to be clear, I understand many may not notice any audible distinction, but I assure you there is. I have been somewhat of an audiophile since I was a teenager and I notice the slightest nuances of aural fluctuations more than most people I know, so I know what I'm talking about. Either Samsung or Google needs step up the music quality in their phones or there will always appear to be a wide gulf between Apple's hardware and theirs.This phone's call quality seems to be very nice and my sister thinks it sounds clearer than my iPhone 4 did. At first I was thinking it may be because I'm now on T-Mobile's network instead of AT&T;'s, but I just remembered I did take the micro-SIM card out of my iPhone 4 and placed it into my Galaxy Nexus, called and talked to her. So call quality seems to be top notch but I would like to see Android design a little better interface for it. I think Apple's iOS has a more attractive interface for phone calls as a whole.As far as the build quality goes, it's nice, but it really can't beat the professional look, feel and quality of Apple's iPhone 4, 4S or 5. Apple just seems to make electronics with a stylish, elegant appearance that can rarely be matched in the industry in its entirety, not just in the cellular field. I mean, I enjoy the look of the Galaxy Nexus and it is actually noticeably lighter than my old iPhone 4, but it still looks a little cheap when you compare the two. I'm just being honest.There is one thing I miss on iOS that is not on Android's OS... "UNDO". Android is desperately in need of an "Undo" option while typing text. I can't tell you how many times I've highlighted text trying to copy it and mistakingly touched a key on the virtual keyboard only to see a carefully composed draft of several paragraphs wiped out with a keystroke... literally! There's no excuse for not updating the system with it at this point in time, especially since Google's tech support forum is overflowing with comments and requests to implement it as soon as possible. I believe the first of such requests was as early as a few years ago. So for them not to include it in Gingerbread or Jelly Bean is kind of unforgiveable. What? Do they think they'll become more like Apple's iOS? If so, here's news for you, Android... "Undo" has been a part of Windows OS's for quite some time now. DO IT! Or should I say UNDO IT!?UPDATE #1: I just unlocked and rooted my Galaxy Nexus and I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy! The learning curve is much steeper than jailbreaking and unlocking Apple's iOS devices. I would charge people $50 to root and unlock Android devices because it's a PAIN! But I'm happy because I was able to increase the volume of the phone's sounds, notifications, speakers and headset speakers. It also installed an equalizer that is now stock and not app related. They call it the Awesome BEATS rom mod for Nexus devices. It sounds fantastic and it's now better sound than I had on my iPhone 4... FINALLY!UPDATE #2: I want to mention something I've come to dislike over the last year with this phone - the power button being on the right side opposite the volume rocker on the left side. Many people prefer this button design but I have to differ since I seem to always press the volume rocker in addition to the power button due to their parallel proximity. This may have a little to do with the case as I have to press harder than I normally would if there were no case, but it is still an annoyance just the same.The other thing I'd like to mention is I truly dislike the fact that the Nexus line chose to mimic Apple and refuse to put expandable storage on their devices. It's really confounding since they didn't even match the iPhone's storage capacities. If you're going to force people to use your cloud services without a local storage option, at least give them additional HDD sizes like 32GB and 64GB for their top tier handsets. That's easier to swallow than limiting it to 16GB which is not enough in this digital age when people find it hard to believe that not everyone uses "The Cloud"!All in all, even after the advent of the HTC One and the Samsung Galaxy S4, the Samsung Galaxy Nexus still holds its own for the value. It's not restricted like its later iteration, the Nexus 4, as it allows you to remove or upgrade the battery to a more capable one, and you can still download and utilize most apps from Google's App Store as they are still compatible with it. I would still highly recommend the purchase to anyone.

I've used an unlocked HSPA+ Galaxy Nexus for a month. Overall, it's a very good phone. Having switched from a Blackberry (RIP!) this is my first Android phone so I can't compare it to other Android phones. It is thin, light and feels comfortable in my hand. However, it is a large phone and probably feels comfortable in my hand because I wear men's XL gloves.The screen is fine but not outstanding except maybe in ideal light. I've seen other phones with sharper screens including iPhones. I believe this phone uses a Pen Tile display and that type of display has been criticized for a lack of sharpness.The phone is fast and lags are not a problem. Some of that may be due to Jelly Bean, see below. HSPA+ seems to deliver data quickly. I understand that LTE is faster but this phone is plenty fast enough for me.Sound quality with calls is good. Pairing with my Blue Ant was no problem.The camera is relatively good but I've seen better pictures from other phones.The major drawback with this phone is it's battery life. It can make it morning to night only with very light usage. To preserve battery life I find myself turning off wifi, bluetooth and GPS if I am not using them. Fortunately, the operating system provides an easy widget to do this but it's still a pain and even then I have days where I have to recharge. The GPS in particular seems to consume power. To compensate I have USB charging cables in my car and briefcase and at my desk. I understand that LTE tends to use more power than HSPA+ and if that's true I would avoid this phone unless they have compensated somehow. This is a pretty good phone but it's of little use dead. I'd much prefer a somewhat thicker and heavier phone that relieves me of power management.One of the biggest benefits of buying an unlocked phone is that right after I started it up I received the upgrade from Android 4.0 (ICS I think) to 4.1 (Jelly Bean). The geek news regularly reports that users with locked Android phones must wait or do without Android upgrades. Bypassing carrier controls for operating system upgrades is a luxury usually reserved for iPhone users. Jelly Bean is supposed to be smoother and faster and that may be why this phone doesn't lag. If so, then unlocked is definitely the way to go.Another obvious benefit to buying an unlocked phone is the lack of a contract. I paid 349 for the phone which is a very low price for a phone barely off the cutting edge. I'll make up the premium I paid over a comparable phone had I bought it on contract in less than a year and then I'll be free to move to another device if I want.This phone would be a 5 if it had better battery life and a better screen.

Pros:- Still rocking in 2014 (no problems for two years since i purchased the phone)- Completely hackable- Solid hardwareCons:- Not being updated to kitkat by google (although the hardware can support it)- Stock android is a little boring, but i guess ios is worst.

This phone is high resolution HD-ready display with 1280x800 pixels. Pen tile technology not spoil. Very clear, very smooth scrolling. But the screen is big for my fingers, one-hand work is difficult. Battery life is 1-2 days. Camera very fast! Plastics is so-so. Android ICS very good system.

This is a beautiful crafted phone, with an excellent operating system and an amazing touch screen. It's so convenient and intuitive, and it just feels very well constructed, and high quality all around. The only fault that I can find is basically that there is no SD card slot. That's a shame since this was one of the big advantages of Android. But it's so easy to just plug in any micro usb cable and transfer files, that it's not a big deal. The computer instantly recognizes the device. Other than that, it's all pretty nice. Battery could be better probably but that's pretty common. Bottom line: Buy this phone. You won't regret it.

The screen is wonderful, it is packed full of features,  it is fast and responsive,  it has access to a huge ecosystem of apps,  and , perhaps most importantly, it is immune to the fragmentation common within android.  It is a great phone,  and you can buy it expecting software updates for a long time because Google itself administers them.  Buy.

Totally impressed by this phone. Its beautiful, its fast and its big but still very very manageable. Battery lasts one day and thats ok. But everything else is top class

I purchased galaxy nexus on april... N it started showing strange problems after 3 months... I searched on the net ... N found out that it is a common problem with this device...  Actually the device doesnt charge with the usual charger n it isnt recognised by the computer... But strangely it can b charged via usb cable on the computer.. This is really reallly annoying.... I cant transfer files to my device as it has no removable SD card....Samsung I9250 Galaxy Nexus 16GB (Unlocked)

I bought this phone from Wireless EverythingIt was a bit late (it took 8 days from the day of placing the order)The phone is top notch. It's European, but not UK... the charger is the usual 2 pins EuroplugAlthough the Nexus 4 is out, this one is still hot. You can expect Android updates to keep coming years from now, because it's a Google, and the developing community is very active & creative.On the negative side: its battery isn't very impressive & definitely it should have been larger. You can buy the extended battery and get few more hours, or buy one of those monster batteries if you don't care about size. You can prolong & preserve the battery by using it wisely (installing a modified kernel, underclocking & undervolting the CPU, turning off 3G & Wi-Fi when not needed, decreasing screen's brightness... etc) and it'd last a reasonable time.Its volume isn't very loud, and the speaker is very easily muffled because of its place (if you use a pouch, or block it with your finger or maybe in your pocket)

I liked this phone but battery life is nothing like my galaxy Note 2.  I received this phone in the middle of November, and finally used it internationally for the first time in Trinidad one week in December.  I also used it in February after returning to Trinidad.  so after my first week of use on my secont trip, it would not connect to network and asked me to enter a SIM network unlock PIN.  I took phone to digicel(my Trinidad carrier) to see if they could fix, but they could not help me and suggested that I contact the celler of the phone.  I have to try and find unlock code, but you have to know the original nextwork that it was locked to.  They also verified that my sim was good by putting into another phone and had no issues. Future buyers beware of this phone and possibly this vendor.  I spent a long time with amazon on the phone to try and get contact information from extra virgin tech.  The only contact info that amazon could find was cs.joycells@gmail.com.  I emailed them to find their phone # to work out this problem.  As for now I have been with out my phone for 3 full days and still stuck trying to unlock my phone.

Great phone, however, I miss microsd support, 16GB Is kind of low.ICS Is great.Screen has really nice and live colors.

This is a great phone with a great price, seamless experience with pure Android, got updated with Jelly Bean in day one.

Simply great! I love this phone and I am so damn glad I decided to buy this instead of the Nexus 4. Being able to replace the battery at need is a plus that saved me during a recent trip to Asia. My phone was camera, GPS, and source of information for the whole day. Dead battery? No problem: grab the spare one and replace the dead one. On a Nexus 4 you gotta plug it in and, honestly, I don't think I would enjoy holding in my hands both the phone and a USB charging pack while I am walking around and using the phone constantly.

I've had my Galaxy Nexus for about a year and a half now so I'm writing this review for those considering buying this phone pre-owned or getting a good deal on a new model unlocked.  The stock battery Samsung provides with this phone is horrible. If you take it off the charger at 100% and run a few background apps (e.g. Facebook, Groupon, etc..) and like to leave Bluetooth on, you will get at best four to five hours out of this device.  That's accounting for the average pick up and check Email, Facebook and send the occasional text message.  That's not counting should you want to stream video or do something crazy like that (expect 2-3 hours of life from100% charge if you do). While that was acceptable several years ago, it's not any more. Not good enough at all! Not even good enough to be on the market to be frank, because without being able to be charged by USB somewhere (this phone's life support) you can't make it though half a work day, much less an entire day. By that standard alone, it should get less than two stars because it renders it (like so many Android phones) unpractical.If you have an active lifestyle the battery on this phone will enrange you and likely family members wanting to get in touch with you. You will find it dying often and you will come to dislike Samsung for it's engineering choices here. The thing to remember is this was the horrific standard a few years ago and things are tremendously better now in the power savings department with newer phones. The Galaxy Nexus will hold a unique place in mobile history, but this phone is already a relic.If you're the kind of phone user who doesn't mind 4-5 hours of battery life or the kind of user who loves to tweak their phone for optimal power consumption. Then the Galaxy Nexus might be worth considering, however it has one other major flaw and that is Android 4.2.1. The latest version of Android available for the Galaxy Nexus brings with it many bugs and performance issues that were not present in the stock (Android 4.0) OS on this device. To be far I am running Sprint's 4.2.1 implementation, but the forms are filled with this as a known issue. Your best bet is to avoid the Galaxy Nexus and put your money into a Nexus 4, HTC One or Galaxy S series. The battery life improvements alone are worth it.

The cell phone is easy to use, get access to Internet quickly and download quickly,too,My son like it very much!

Perfect phone to help me switch from a contract with Sprint to Tmobile no contract.  Have used it for 2 days now (I know thats not long) but its super fast, screen is big, has front and back camera for skype, its easily customizable, easy to download apps.  I am sad that it doesnt have the little piece under the back cover to put the lanyard if you wear your phone around your neck like me --but that is minor/my own personal issue.  I love this phone.  I would write more and get all techy but other reviewers have hit it right on the nail.  Great phone!

Cons:1. Unstable OS. Android technology is just not there. Frequent OS crashes even in mid telephone conversation.2. Cheap plastic design. The back cover is a very thin piece of plastic, with clip on plastic hooks. Steve Jobs would have thrown this thing out the window and back onto the drawing board.3. Very limited battery, I'm talking 3 hours average! This phone can not keep a charge.4. Difficult to turn on. You have to hold the on button for 10 seconds. This may seem like a trivial point, but the fact that this phone is not designed to hold a charge, you will be turning it on frequently through your day.5. 4G is slow and overrated. This could be a function of Verizon 4G LTE but side by side with my friends AT&T; 3G, this phone was blown away in the Google maps directions benchmark.6. Your Apps will crash all the time. Seriously.7. Charger does not fit the charger port. When the charger is plugged in the phone will not charge unless I put the phone on a 30 degree angle relative to the charger. Because you spend most of the day charging this phone, this again is a huge problem. The fact that this does not fit, again, Steve Jobs would have thrown this phone out the Window.8. You might hear glamourous news about Samsung competing with Apple in designing phones; the only thing they are doing is ripping people off with hype. This brand will not last in the phone market producing such crap.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.

This is my first ever review in Amazon though I have been an Amazon user for quite some years.I was an iPhone user for almost 3+ years and switched to Android with the supposed flagship phone of Google.Words truly can't describe the frustration I am enduring with this phone everyday. I truly wish I had enough money to break my contract & trash this piece of garbage.The battery life is awful & pathetic. I pretty much have to keep it charged all day.Usually I will charge the phone before going to bed & in the morning if I use for 3+ hours, the battery will be dead. Even in standby the battery won't last for more than 6 hours.The phone will just shutdown randomly, happens at least twice a day for me. It take a good 2-3 minutes to reboot and to get back the phone signal."Lost signal" - this will happen randomly. The phone signal will be lost for no reason, I took to the verizon store & have replaced my phone twice in the past year. But, this still keeps happening and I had nightmares traveling with this phone as my primary GPS in a new city. This happens so frequently that I started to accept it as a part of the phone's feature.It just feels like the phone has been packaged with all the features, without even a bit of consideration for performance on any aspect. I hope someone will read the review and avoid the mistake of buying this phone.

This phone is incredible. ICS is the BEST operating system out there. It is WAY better than my previous Gingerbread (2.3) phone. Fast, thin, and the battery goes the entire day. I use my phone a lot. 2 hours of music play. Push email on 3 accounts, read most of my email all day. Most days I still have about 30~40% left. As a comparison, my iPhone3GS would only last about 4~5 hours before needing a charge. NEVER lasted a full day.The BEST things about this phone:1) The screen! It is awesome. The size is just perfect. It is so bright and crispy clear. Contrast is unbelievable!2) ICS. Still maybe the only Android 4.0 phone out there. It's 6 months after the official release from Google, and still no other phones. They are just starting to roll out. Best thing is that since this is a Google GED device, it will ALWAYS get upgraded to the next OS before everyone else. Don't bother getting a carrier phone. You'll wait 12 months for an upgraded OS.3) As an unlocked phone, I use this for a WiFi hotspot for FREE. No charge, no rooting, no messing around. It just works. Perfect for my iPad (WiFi).I use T-Mobile. I get 7-8M download speeds on this phone. I also tried it on AT&T.; Works at 3G speeds.

I  LOVE THIS PHONE!!! it is swift, has beautiful features, and feels real good in my small hands. At first I was concerned about purchasing this phone online but, after doing some intense research I found it to be the one for me. Ordering it from Amazon made me feel comforted knowing that if I  had any problems with the phone I could return so, I suggest purchasing it through them. I honestly have nothing bad to say about this phone. I did have a problem with it slowing down but that was due to an app that is now deleted. Ive had this phone for almost a month if not more and its like my best smart friend. I can take great notes, awesome photos ( i use a photo editor named Pixlr-o-matic and it is just amazing on photo effects), I can easily stay connected with friends, change settings on my phone with easy, look up anything with lightning fast speed, and man i can go on and on. The ice cream software really makes a difference I have no hesitation period this thing moves smooth as butter. I thought after a while like most android phones it would slow down but know it is great. Love it! it can do so much i just learned the other day that it takes screen shots and i was trying to download an app for that (durrhhh lol) o and the movies !! THE MOVIES UGGHHH sooo crystal clear. This screen is better than any tv screen i ve seen. I mean when I download movies onto my phone especially in HD they are so so soooo sharp  and beautiful. Im telling you if your thinking about getting this phone GET IT GET IT you will not be selling your self short. I know there is a debate with the i phone 4 and this phone. But ive seen and played with the i phone 4 and 4s not a big fan but this here I LOVE IT. Def invest in an otter box case dont be a fool and spend money on this phone and not protect it properly! But yes yes yes I love this phone its my lil baby. It does all i need and more you will truly not be displeased with it. I mean the front camera isnt all that but there isnt a front camera phone that will be more than 3 megapixels so this is fine for me i can still skype and ovoo whoever i please. i love my phone and if you get it you will love it too!

The Samsung Galaxy Nexus is my first smart phone and I absolutely love it. I have had almost zero problems with it and it is so easy to use and so fast and powerful. I bought it unlocked and unsubsidized at NewEgg in early February. The price being offered here at Amazon($490) is a lot less than what it was priced at at that time ($619), so I'd say go for it!When you buy your phone unsubsidized, you can get a cheaper monthly plan. Also, you don't get a bunch of cell phone carrier spam on your phone. I'm using it under the "Unlimited - Plus" option of T-Mobile's  "500 Minute Value--Talk + Text" plan. It costs me $50/month for 500 minutes talk, unlimited texting, and 2GB/month of fast broadband. When you buy your phone unlocked, you can use a cheaper SIM card when you travel abroad and not pay expensive roaming charges.This phone is sleek, easy to use, trouble free, fast, slick. The screen is beautiful. I haven't measured the battery life, but it hasn't been a problem for me so far. Contrary to what one reviewer says here, Google has already updated my phone OS once. And I've twice received a bunch of app updates. All of these updates were fast, painless and trouble-free.The phone comes with a whole raft of very useful and well-functioning apps such as Navigation (turn-by-turn directions to your destination), Google Maps, Google Search, You Tube, Gallery (a photo sharing app that automatically synchs on the Web), a contacts directory that is integrated with phone and messaging, text messaging and instant messaging, a voice dialer, etc. ad infinitum. In addition, of course, I have downloaded a bunch of great apps for the phone from the Google Play store (hate that name).I really have no complaints about this phone. I'm a fangirl!

The front desk guy was very helpful expediting this order, he treated me very nicely. Also the product is brand new, fully functional and worked perfectly fine overseas (tested in Costa Rica with Movistar with no issues at all).

its an amazing smartphone i receive it just in time, it was a good deal and i think that is good like the S2

Device was as described and works really well.  Nice size fits my hand well, good service, easy to use.  Great camera.

This rating is for my experiences with the UNLOCKED Samsung Galaxy Nexus.Look, I loved this phone even before it came out. I was technologically obsessed with it. So, listen to my story with patience and you'll understand my frustrations.I pre-ordered the Samsung Galaxy Nexus unlocked model from an online website called Negri Electronics because they were offering it at a lower price than other sites. When it arrived, I was ecstatic. The phone was beautiful. It fits nicely in your hands, not too big and not too small. The new operating system is smooth, slick and undeniably the best that android has to offer. I used T-mobile's no-contract pre-paid data plan. (If you're in the U.S, you'd know that t-mobile has been aggressively marketing it.)After 2 months, inexplicably my phone just died. Instantaneously. It just suddenly shuts itself off while I was opening up the google maps app. After this, I cannot go to the home screen. No matter what I did. When I turn it on, it shows me the starting Google logo and then it dieds and restarts itself. And this cycle will repeat itself until the battery gives out. For your information, I did not "root" it or do anything else funky with my phone. I simply downloaded apps from the market and used it normally. And I always pride myself on taking care of my stuff. I thought okay, maybe I didn't take care of it good enough or maybe I'm just unlucky to get a phone with the glitch. So I sent it for repair under its warranty.Then, I bought myself another unlocked phone while waiting for the repairs to finish. The exact same thing. This time I bought it through Amazon on this damn page. Everything worked well just as before but. Can you guess what happened in 1.5 months? Yeah. It broke down again in the exact same way. Switched off all of a sudden again. This time when I turn it on, it got past the initial Google logo and to the fancy light show. Then, it will unexplainably restart itself again before reaching the home screen. Until the battery is used up. I was like wtf. This is ridiculous. Is it because I'm using an international phone in the U.S? Does technology just hate me?I was furious. I called Amazon customer service. They said it is already past 30 days for a return. Amazon told me to call the third party seller, WorldWide Distributors. They said it is already past 30 days for a return, they can't do anything about it. Tells me to call Samsung. I called Samsung, they said they don't have my international phone on their records so they told me to call Samsung International in the UK. When I called them, they are already closed by 6pm.So, that leaves me here right now to advise you.Before my phones broke, I love it. Hands down, it is the best android phone on the market right now. Sure, the phone's camera doesn't have as many megapixels as others. But it gets the job done faster through its insane shutter speed. And if you want megapixels, megapixels, megapixels, geez why not just get a camera instead of a phone?If you want to get this phone in the U.S, use a carrier so they can handle everything for you. Sure, it's more expensive. But it's sure as hell better than getting kicked around by "customer service". I'm so frustrated I seriously thought about getting an iphone. Yeah, go on. Judge me.As for this Unlocked-Galaxy-Nexus curse of not lasting more than 2 months, please tell me that I am not the only one with this problem. Otherwise, it'd just be too sad.Edit: I downloaded and used the GN Official Update Checker app on both phones. Both are of the "yakju" variant.Edit-Edit: I fixed the second phone by rooting it. lol? Nobody in Samsung cares. I got transferred 6 times before I  was too frustrated and gave up.

I have iphone 4 (ATT), 3 TMobile ( samsung nexus prime, HTC sensation and g2x)G2X = GARBAGEIPHONE 4 ATT kill it.HTC SENSATION is fast, battery last all day with moderate to heavy use, and vary nice widget.Here is my honest opion about Samsung Nexus Prime, fast, better OS, if change battery twice a day is not a problem go to verizon, for some reason Tmobile 4g not working as well as HTC sensation , maybe reception or something else i will wait upgrade to 4.03 and see.Between HTC and Nexus, i will wait for OS UPgrade and i hope i will have all my needs on sensation wich is battery life for a day and fast.Other down side is no micro sd card, in my sensation i have 40gb, and i'm buy 64 gb card to use with.Nexus 16gb, fits all apps but picture and song forget about, movie not in a dream.My opinion is if you can wait much better things are coming to town at the beging of the year.OS is better but hardware did not match with the OS.MY Advice is wait 3 more months.

This is a  review for those who might be on the fence about buying a Galaxy Nexus.  I am not a phone expert, just a user who has used an iphone for the last couple years and looking for a change away from the fruit.  First impression out of the box -- wow!!  The colors are much more vivid and the navigation is simple and more fluid, there's only minor differences to get used to such as the on/off button being on the right side of the phone instead of the top, and learning the difference between the home screen and the app screen.  The phone is slightly taller but much thinner and lighter than my iphone, the Nexus feels good in your hand and button placement was smart. To get your contacts from the iphone to the Nexus is a simple process, you can either use itunes to backup your contacts to your Google account or even easier just download the BUMP app on both phones and instantly transfer all of your contacts at once over to the Nexus (yes, your iphone will still work perfectly without a sim card on it just make sure you have wifi access where you are at).I opened the box, took off the phones back cover, put in the battery, slipped in my old Tmobile 4g prepaid sim card (and quickly called Tmobile to give them my new phone's IMEI number so they could give it permission to access their network). Easy! In the box was also a headset (earbuds w mic, actually comfortable compared to my old iphone earbuds), and the wall charger that doubles as a usb data charger/connection to your computer since the data cord snaps into the small wall plug, convenient!IMPORTANT NOTE -- if you buy your Nexus from anywhere other than the Google Play store, such as the phone in this listing, there is a good chance that it is not factory unlocked and that the 3rd party seller opened the box and unlocked the phone themselves.  Not a horrible thing, but something to be aware of if you don't know the sellers reputation.  There is also a good chance that it will have the Samsung software configuration and not the popular Google software configuration.  If you have the Samsung config you will always be a step behind in updates since Google pampers this awesome phone and makes sure its version is kept current (version 4.04 at the time of writing this).  Point being if you want the latest updates first buy the phone direct from the Google Play store, otherwise there's nothing wrong with having the Samsung configuration version of the phone.  You will love the phone no matter what, it's easy and fun to use. If you are a heavy phone user watching lots of videos or play a lot of games you might want to pick up an extra battery for the phone, unlike the iphone it's easy to plop another one in on the Nexus.Things that impressed me the most -- upon plugging the phone in via usb to the pc you instantly have access to copy/paste files to the ringtones folder, photos, wallpaper, etc.... this was always a nightmare on the iphone for me since the fruit company locks everything down and makes it annoying to do anything without that bloated itunes program and 3rd party apps, custom iphone ringtones were always a pain because you had to convert them to a special file format first and were limited on ringtone file size. NO MORE with this great phone, just drag and drop your mp3s on this puppy and you can play them or assign custom ringtones for each person.  Point being, customization is made simple on the Nexus.  Out of the box it's a stock unrooted Nexus in all its glory.  If you are an ultra geek you can customize the phone even deeper by flashing your favorite custom ROM on the phone, which if you aren't familiar with that it essentially lets you tweak the phone even further to update the os to increase performance, battery life, add new visuals and options, etc. (not necessary, but it is a fun option if you like to tinker and have some geek in you).The only con of the phone, and I hate to even call it that, is the 5mp camera.  Most smartphones nowadays have at least 8mp.  I take a lot of photos with my phone, and to be honest 5mp is plenty of the average user.  The photos I've taken so far were crisp and bright, no complaints.  In deciding between the Nexus and the newly launched Galaxy S3, the Nexus has much better battery life and is half the price. WINNER! :) It would have been nice to have the FM radio feature of the S3, but with all the free internet radio available to me it's not a dealbreaker. Another great note, the famed "S voice" on the newest Galaxy S3 (the answer the Iphones Siri voice) is also available to add to the Galaxy Nexus, so if you like to talk to your phone and have it talk back there's one more reason to love this phone. Once you have the phone in your hand you will forget about the fruit phone and embrace the Nexus in all its glory.If you buy a car charger I recommend the Motorola micro-USB one that can be bought from this site, it's around five dollars and is more powerful than other chargers and can keep up with the battery charge needs if you use your phone for GPS.  Hope this helped, enjoy!

So far so good the phone works great came with the latest android. The only thing is that this phone feels very fragile i would recommended a protector case asap.

I Believe that Samsung is making the best phones actually, Are amazing and simples.On the other hand bring to us a diferent models , for all the pocket

Nice unlocked phone for the price. It has a good processor and a nice size for touch screen.The only con is the brightness of the screen. I could be a little brighter, because it is difficult to see outside on a sunny day.

Samsung did a every good job on this phone. Never had a problem with this devices and a big plus that updates comes from google which makes it the most up to date android phone.

La entrega fue impecable y el producto es excelente, tiene un dise&ntilde;o muy elegante el tama&ntilde;o es  bastante bueno y la conexi&oacute;n a 4G fusiona muy bien.

Plenty of others have sung the praises of this phone, so I don't need to do that other than to reiterate that the Galaxy Nexus is a really great phone.  However, the GT-i9250 is the international version of the phone.  This means it comes with a phone charger that is the two round pin version rather than the standard two bade plug used in the US.  Not a big deal since any USB to two blade charger will solve this problem.  I was pleased to find that this version of the phone gets its updates directly from google rather than Samsung.  It's worth mentioning that at the time of my purchase you could get the US version of the phone directly from google play for $400, but I didn't figure this out until it was too late.  It is awesome and I'm so glad I didn't get an iphone.I should also add that the volume of the phone isn't great, but adding the Volume+ app solved that problem.

Excellent product! the delivery was cool, the attention of the seller was nice, but the phone is even coller, I'd say even better than the iphone, if those guys in Apple don't come up soon with something capable of outsmarting Samsung, they will sooner than later take over the whole smartphone market! the technical specifications, pors and cons you can find them a lot in here in the previous commetns but in general terms in you are thinking about buying this phone, don't even hesitate just do it!

If you live in the U.S. you may want to consider ordering from another seller. 6 months ago I ordered a Galaxy Nexus from wire4less and it turned out to be an international edition. I didn't think anything of this, but now 6 month later the phone decided to die and since it is beyond wire4less' 90 day return policy I'm left going to Samsung. No big deal right? Well, apparently Samsung U.S. can't help me with this broken phone because it is an international version. I have to call another country to get support, support that I'm not sure I'll be able to receive since it's in another country. U.S. buyers beware, make sure your product is from the U.S.

Samsung I9250 Galaxy Nexus 16GB (Unlocked)Excellent, very fast vendor. The cell-phone is very good perfect, i am satisfaction.Thanks

Even though the market right now shows phones like the HTC One, LG G2, Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy S4, and iPhone 5S (see what i did there), that doesn't mean you should ignore this smartphone. The Galaxy Nexus is one of the best devices still available. I use this device as my main smartphone, and it has probably been the best smartphone I ever owned. This review may be a little long, but I'll assure you it's worth reading some of the points. I'll start off with the pros.1. This is a NEXUS device.Nexus devices are Android phones and tablets that get the latest updates from Google, so your device will have the latest operating system, something that is rare on other devices. It currently uses Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean. Nexus devices also have no overlay, or skins from other manufacturers (There is no Touchwiz from Samsung, or Sense UI from HTC). However, recently, Google is starting to add stock android to current premium devices coming soon. They will most likely be known as Google Edition Devices, or Google Experience Devices (See my edit section for more info). Because of this, the phone is slightly faster, more memory is available for apps, etc. (not expandable), and no extra BLOATWARE!2. High resolution screen. Strong screen as well.The Galaxy nexus has a 316ppi display, and it is a HD Super AMOLED display. This means it has better viewing angles, and it turns off any unused pixels, for example, any black areas on the screen. This conserves lots of battery power. The screen is also less than 5 inches, something that is becoming a trend, and I honestly don't like this. Even though I do have big hands, and I have held a Note 2 with one hand, and I am able to use it without problems, I still think phones should be small enough to hold and keep in a pocket.Although the screen is not Gorilla Glass (I thought it was when I bought it), the screen is still strong. It uses a stronger fortified glass. It is also curved glass (contour display), so I believe its supposed to feel better in the hand.3. It gets things done, performance wise, and the software doesn't lag.The phone has a Texas instruments dual core processor, and for what I do (mainstream and average usage), it doesn't lag. On some games like Beach Buggy Blitz, it does lag a little, but nothing major. Jelly bean is very smooth and fast, and the softkeys (back, home, recent apps) on the bottom of the screen rarely freeze. They immediately respond.4. Other extra features included.One thing that I do use frequently is NFC or near field communication. I use it with NFC tags and TecTiles, so I can program basic actions. Its not something I completely recommend, as there are some tweaks needed, but the hardware part of NFC is perfect. I also use Google Wallet sometimes, as well as Android Beam to transfer files. The phone also has dual microphones (minor feature), and Bluetooth 3.0. Something unique is the POGO pin on the right side. When the phone first launched, there were accessories that allowed the phone to be charged faster with this connection, and other uses as well.The things that I didn't like from this phone (and NEXUS devices in general for some points). Most of these are not present in the "Google Edition Devices" made by Samsung and HTC.-DOESN'T HAVE A MICRO SD EXPANSION PORT. One of the reasons I switched from iphone to android, is so that I could expand my memory. The phone has 16 GB, but sometimes its not enough. Pretty much, no Nexus device has ever had an expansion port, except the first nexus device.-OK Battery life. I don't have a big problem with battery, but I have to charge this phone every night, and it won't at least keep even 50% for the next day. I don't use 4G LTE on this phone, so it could be worse. The phone does have a removable battery, which is a plus.-Camera... The camera is ok as well. The front facing one is fine, but the rear facing one is 5 megapixels. Sometimes 5 megapixels isn't enough for me. I'm still in school, and I do take lots of pics so it is important to me. Luckily, this phone does have 1080p recording, zero shutter lag, flash, autofocus, and Android 4.2.2 has built in editing functions. So it is a good camera, but it should be at least 8 megapixels. (The iPhone 4S had an 8 megapixel camera and it came out a similar time as the Galaxy Nexus.)*SMALL DETAIL: The phone is made out of plastic, but Samsung added a feature on the back of the phone, hyperskin, which allows for better grip and a better overall look to the phone.So in conclusion, the Galaxy nexus is a great phone. It is the best phone I have owned. Of course if I could personally customize it a little, it would probably be the best phone period, but it doesn't work like that. If you could ignore the 4G absence, no microsd expanison, and mediocre battery, then I recommend it.If you're considering this or the Nexus 4, the only major differences are that the Nexus 4 has a glass back, it has no removable battery, but it has wireless charging capabilities (have to buy an additional $60 charger), and it does not have a curved display, but it has Gorilla Glass. I would still recommend the Galaxy nexus over the Nexus 4.EDIT 1: Included mentions about the new Google Edition Devices- At Google I/O 2013, and at the D11 Conference, Google introduced "their take on Android", on the Samsung Galaxy S4 and the HTC One. These 2 phones are very premium phones that are currently available through their carriers and manufacturers. These Google Experience devices will ship with stock Android (4.2.2). Although these seem like great phones, keep in mind that Google will sell them on their Play Store, unlocked starting at $599, for the HTC One, and $649 for the Galaxy S4. They will begin selling on the Play Store on June 26.The Nexus 4 is still expected to stay in stock on the store, and Google will not discontinue or replace the Nexus line of devices, so these devices will continue to be supported and updated by Google, so it still is a logical decision to buy the Galaxy Nexus.EDIT 2: Slight Issues with Speed and Performance- I have realized some lag on the phone after the phone was upgraded to Android 4.2.2, but I was not sure at the time if it was based on my apps on the phone. But I have now learned that the lag is also on the Nexus 7 tablet. So to be quick, this device will have slight lag whether it be on the home screen just scrolling pages, or playing a game of Dead Trigger. The lag is probably due to the amount of RAM available on the phone. Luckily, there are some ways you can avoid the lag. If you go in the developer settings on the phone, you can speed up the animations. Or you can also use another launcher from the Play Store (I am using Nova) to get rid of the lag on the home screen. In addition, the launcher app will have settings to potentially enhance your phone's performance. Lastly, try deleting apps, videos, or games that take up lots of space in your phone, or use up lots of RAM. Until this issue is solved in the next Android OS update (either Android 4.3 Jelly Bean or Android 5.0 Key Lime Pie), this remains a slight issue.EDIT 3 (8/2/2013): Google has recently announced Android 4.3, the latest operating system, and it is indeed compatible with Galaxy Nexus, and it runs perfectly. When I did update the phone, most of the lag seen on stock Android 4.2.2 disappeared. In addition to performance enhancements, there were also new features, notably the addition of Restricted Profiles (enhanced parental controls/limiting usage on other device accounts), Open GL ES 3.0, which brings graphics improvements for games, as well as Bluetooth LE, which allows better connectivity of "low energy" devices, such as smartwatches and upcoming wearables (Google Glass, maybe?)EDIT 4 (11/10/13): Google has announced Android 4.4 KitKat and unfortunately is not going to be available for Galaxy Nexus owners, so 4.3 is the last update until further notice. However, if you can take the risk, you can root the phone and flash a SlimKat custom ROM to have an unofficial build of KitKat on the device. For a few weeks, I have used this ROM and though there are some graphical glitches, I still think this is a good option. I am rooted, but I'd still prefer 4.3 with KitKat-based apps, including the Google Experience Launcher.

This phone is the ONLY phone anyone interested in Android should purchase!The main reason for getting this phone is that it is updated directly from Google. This means that you will receive the newest version of Android, currently Jelly Bean 4.1, before anyone other phone!All of the other phones have to wait for their respective carriers to tweak JB 4.1, adding all kinds of proprietary junk to it. Then months later you MIGHT get the newest version of Android.Also, DO NOT purchase this phone through Worldwide Distributors!They will send you a defective phone and THEN have the nerve to charge you for their shipping expenses. This implies that it is MY FAULT that they sold me a JUNK phone, not theirs. I didn't ask to be mailed a broken piece of junk, so I shouldn't be charged for being mailed a broken phone.BUYER BEWARE: Only order through reputable sellers that follow Amazon's return policy and you will not get scammed as I have.DO NOT order from WORLDWIDE DISTRIBUTORS, they are CROOKS and THIEVES! You will NEVER receive a full refund from the USED, sold as NEW, broken phone that they WILL mail to you!Best phone on the market, when bought from a reputable seller!

This is actually the best cellphone I've ever had, the fact of being a device powered by google make the experience of using it awesome, does anything you expect and want it to do, I bought mine from FGS Trading and I've to say that is one of the best electronic seller I've bought from, the cellphone came at the right time (maybe earlier), in the original seal box and as describe from the seller. Once you start using the phone it upgrade to Jelly Bean which is actually the best android software by now for me, if you have doubts go do a search for comparative videos and see it for yourself. This Phone is the best choise.

The product that I purchased is in excellent and in a good condition. It came with the same description that was written in amazon website.Thank you very much

After selling my LG Optimus One I wanted to take a big step forward in terms of quality and performance, the Jelly Bean release encouraged me to decide that this phone would the perfect one by the time I bought it (about 2 months ago now).I wasn't wrong, while the Galaxy SII was Samsung's flagship by the time, the Nexus was the underdog, that phone that no one knows about however could perform faster than an SII and in fact it does! Screen, processor, ram, design! All those important (but not the only ones) features are equal or better in the Nexus and Jelly Bean also makes the difference (SII touchwiz sucks too).However nothing is perfect, there are (in my opinion) 2 flaws but oh boy, what a flaws:Speaker: what happened there? In my entire life, with all the phones I've had, the speaker never was something to be looking close when purchasing a phone. The nexus speaker is, by far, the worst of all. It's barely noticeable in open spaces, malls, etc. Ringtones, music, voice notes, you name it, it'll sound very low...Wifi range: not the worst, but certainly it should be better for a phone with this price. While with my old LG Optimus One i had 80-85% of range in my home wireless network, with the Gnex it barely reaches 70% and you cannot be farther than 40 mts. because.... you guessed it, bye bye wifi signal.I would love to rate this phone with 5 stars, but then this review wouldn't be 100% objective and it hurts when you realize that a simpler and cheaper nokia or blackberry or alcatel have decent speakers!

It is very fast, always updated, its size is super nice, it is also lighter and stronger materials are strong and your screen is sharp recommend

I'm still using it two years later, and am sad I won't get KitKat.  That said, I'm not sure I need it badly enough to leave this phone.

This phone was supposed to work with verizon as it stated in the description but when I received it, verizonCould not activate it. I was actually told that the phone needed to be jail broke(first time I ever heard of that).When I contacted the dealer, I was told that there must have been some kind of mistake cause the phone, wouldNot work for verizon. I even explained that their description said it would nd they said I must have been mistaken.Ummmm........I was not mistaken I had been researching a replacement phone for weeks. Needlless to say this is the second time I received something where the company selling something misled me. I have made a lot of purchases through Amazon and will continue to do so. I will make sure however that everyone knows to be wary. I in no way blame Amazon for my two bad experiences, Amazon is like the broker. If you don't know whats broke, you can't fix it.

I had a white iPhone 4S, and when I saw this phone, I just had to to have it. I had an HTC Inspire in the past, and I absolutely hated it, and I switched back to iPhone. I was a little scared to get another Android phone, after i've had several iPhones in the past maybe 2 1/2 years, but let me say i am impressed!!!!! Before it arrived I was watching tons of videos about it and reviews to find out the features and what not. But for some reason before it came in, i kinda regretted ordering it (in my mind), but as soon as it came in and i opened the box, i knew i had not regretted it!!!! When ever I first held it in my hand, i thought, "This is Amazing! I love it! I can't wait to start using it!" Since I had an iPhone, I had to go to AT&T; to get a new larger SIM Card and get it activated, and it works like a charm!!!! I love it soooo much! I didn't think I would like Android very much, since i didn't like it before, but I absolutely love ICS!!!! It's amazing! I love the screen size, the design, the whole thing! And might I ad, When I first got it out of the box and held it, I thought, "This is SO* light!!" I couldn't believe it!!! After I got home, I laid down on my bed and sent a text, it is so thin it was hard to grip! I recommend getting a case for it, considering how light and thin it is, i'm trying to be so careful with it until my case comes in. And I also read some reviews on Amazon, and some people say the camera's bad, but I take a lot of pictures on my phone, and i think the Camera is Very* good quality, I love it!Pros: Screen, Camera's, Design, Android IceCreamSandwichCons: Call VolumeSamsung I9250 Galaxy Nexus 16GB (Unlocked)Otterbox SAM4-I515X-20-E4OTR Commuter Series Hybrid Case for Samsung Galaxy Nexus - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - BlackOtterbox SAM2-I515X-20-E4OTR Defender Series Hybrid Case & Holster for Samsung Galaxy Nexus - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black

Vivo en Venezuela y el tel&eacute;fono es perfecto. Hasta el momento no he tenido en inconveniente de ning&uacute;n tipo 100% recomendado.

the main disadvantage for this device,it has a very low speakeralso it has not a  memory card, but the OS is amazing, flexiable and supported by google

Upgrading from an HTC Desire Z, the change was extremely noticeable.To this day, after two years of use, I find my Nexus fast enough to carry the tasks I need it to do, which is little.The screen is great -- not gorgeous, but great.For the price you can't go wrong.

The device has given me lots of trouble. After having the screen not dim and using up battery, I had the USB port replaced. It worked fine until the next software upgrade and then it started again. I would not buy Galaxy/Samsung phone again.

Funciona muy bien, el Galaxy Nexus es un gran tel&eacute;fono, r&aacute;pido, una excelente pantalla, muy buena c&aacute;mara de fotos y en especial el video, ahora tendr&eacute; aseguradas por lo menos 2 versiones mas de Android en el futuro sin problemas, eso es lo especial de un Nexus que es el terminal puro Android de Google.

I must say that I was looking forward to an unlocked nexus device. A pure android device without all the bloatware from the carriers. It was just too good to be true. There are just too many problems with the OS for me to keep the device. Too many forced closes to deal with within the first hour of owning the device. It also lags a lot when going from portrait to landscape mode. It won't even run a speediest.net app without crashing. Very disappointed in this device. Only gave a 2 of 5 rating because of the half baked OS

I'm coming from a 32GB Black iPhone 4 on T-Mobile.Pros:-Screen size (Easy on the eyes)-Android software (So much more options than Apple OS)-The way the phone looks, software and hardware (No button design)-3G (T-Mobile doesn't have the correct bands for iPhone, so I was running 2g speeds on my iPhone)-Camera (Although its not 8MP, the zero shutter is awesome)-Fast browser-Face unlock (Doesn't always work when I'm showing friends, but a cool feature)Cons:-GPS (Worked the first day, called Samsung for a replacement)-Glass (Not Gorilla Glass)-4G Does not seem to work (Advertised to have HSPA+, which is 4G for GSM)-Cheap materials (All plastic and glue, as opposed to iPhone which is metal and glass)-Ringer/music speaker (It's very weak! I can hardly hear it when my phone rings)-Can't get rid of the Google search at the top-Battery life not that greatI purchased this phone directly from Google on 5/22/12, I received it on 5/24/12. The GPS issues became apparent on 5/25/2012 and I've contacted Samsung and they are currently looking for my purchase record and advised me to call back 5/29/12. I was really excited about this phone, but the GPS issue is making me question the reliability of the phone. My Samsung Vibrant's GPS is also non functional. Overall if you have an iPhone and are thinking about switching to a Samsung Galaxy Nexus, I would advise you to wait until the next Google Phone comes. I regret my purchase =/

The only thing that I am able to say about this device is that is one of the best. If you know how to handle it, you will take the maximum of it in every single aspect. About the battery, as all smartphones, it wont last that long but that's an easy fix buying 2500 mAh extra batteries. I love it!

One of the best phones i have ever used...No complaints.It is quick,clean and beautifully integrates with everything.The camera quality is great. Video chatting is so easy.Would definitely recommend this over iPhone.

An excellent Android phone! Good camera (but why not an 8Mb one?), good 16Gb storage (why not 32 and 64 versions?), good processing capacity provided by a dual core processor, and an outstanding display (HD resolution!!!), without "buts". Besides all, it's a good thing to have a Google phone to get the new Android versions early :D

if you want an extremely WEAK/HORRIBLE wifi and cellular signal, this phones for you! and if you purchase directly from google they will also hit you with a 15% restocking fee if you decide to return it within 14 days! i can't believe they restock defective phones... but that probably explains all the trouble users are having with new-in-box galaxy nexus devices.

I was the first of among my friends to have the Galaxy Nexus and soon after many of them bought it themselves (we're talking about more than 10 people) - every one of them is very satisfied with this phone - it's a real killer - nothing that Galaxy S3 can compete with...

The wifi doesn't work after less than two months. It just lost connection like mad in a normal morning. I googled the "Samsung wifi problems". There are tons of complaints on web. I tried restarting and resetting the system. Either of them dosen't work. Even worse, the US Samsung customer service cant fix this problem because this item isn't originally from US. So I contact the dealer:WorldWide Distributors,a young lady said I should call the Samsung international-a void number in our whole world!!!! what should I do?

This is one of the best phones in the world in my opinion. Two features make it really shine - the new operating system, ICS and the screen, but there's a fly in the ointment - the battery life is nothing to write home about.Pros:1) ICS - Very fast,intuitive, smooth,well thought out and executed operating system. There's nothing like it out there.2) ICS3) ICS4) The super amoled HD screen is gorgeous5) The phone feels just right in the hand and in the pocket and isn't large despite the superior screen size.6) It just works out of the box,and works better than any other phone I've ever used. No hassle, no issues7) Build quality feels very solid.8) Pentaband radio so it works on Tmobile, AT&T; or any other GSM network9) It has a removable battery10) Impressive phone camera with zero shutter lag.11) Get's latest updates from Google first.Cons:1) Battery life isn't great at all. In this day and age I expect much better. The battery life is just like most other smart phones. It will not last you an entire day if you are a heavy user.If you don't mind uglifying the phone with an extended battery with cover then this will probably be a mute point for you.2) Even though the screen looks glorious, it is not as bright as that of the SGSII. I consider this a step backwards3) It has no SD card support. So you can't expand your storage if you wish to.4) I'm not impressed with the loudness of the external speaker. In fact it's significantly quieter than that of the SGSII5) Even thought picture and video quality with the camera are great, you probably wouldn't want to blow up the pictures with this camera because it's only 5MP. What a stupid choice IMHO.I highly recommend this phone, however I already have a SGSII and think besides ICS, this phone is a step back compared to SGSII.If you have to decide between this and the SGSII and the cons highlighted don't bother you that much,then this is your phone otherwise I'd go for the SGSII or just wait for the SGSIII which will not only have ICS but beat both phones in pretty much all hardware and software specs.

This cellphone is absolutely perfect, not too big, not too small, gorgeous display in terms of quality, simplicity on the hardware is a plus for me (only two buttons). Super fast software, easy to handle and dominate, fast camera that takes pictures in 1 sec and records video in HD, super responsive touchscreen, easy to write onscreen keyboard...I'm really enjoying this at the moment. Fully recommended. Also i bough the Seidio Surface protective case and it looks beatiful, and protects the phone very well (I have the international version), i don't like screen protectors though but that's up to you! Only negative maybe the battery don't last too much but that's understandable after all the features this phone has.

todo perfecto se lo compre a surgetelecom y me llego el modelo que viene directo de google! sellado! todo perfecto.
