
The Casio G'Zone Bolder I received was exactly as advertised.  To bad on the 28th day after receiving it, the screen turned into an off white cloud- nothing could be seen on it.  When you buy something without a guarantee, you're just out of luck.

It's sturdy. I used mine to release aggression. I'd thrown mine hard many times, squeezed it, twisted it while open. The weakest part is the plastic holding the battery in place, it broke when I threw it against a wall at work as hard as I could. I had to permanently glue the battery in place with super glue. I think this phone died after I twisted it in half while it was open.I'm only giving it 2 stars because:1. The speaker is horrible2. people had a hard time understanding me3. 1 and 2 caused me to attack the phoneIf it weren't for 1 and 2 I'd probably rate this a 3 star phone. If they also got rid of the side buttons it might be a 4 or 5 star phone, they were frequently accidentally pressed.

The phone works fine as long as you only text, the mic will not work and hasn't worked from the day it came in. This was a phone for my son and we have since purchased another phone for him. He only text his friends but when we need to pick him up from practice he had to use someone else's phone to call us.

I've had my Casio Rock for about 5 years.  Love it.  Thought I'd try to find another to use as a spare, but they no longer make the Rock.  I searched and searched for the Boulder, which is the replacement for the Rock, and finally found one. You have to be very careful about buying cell phones on the internet because there are retailers who claim to be selling new products, but often they arrive without batteries, backs, chargers, etc.  The Rock will always be my favorite because it is indestructible (went through the wash once with no problems).  The Boulder has less rubber and may be not as tough, but it works just fine, holds a charge for quite a while and I have no complaints.  You won't find any of these fine Casio phones at Verizon, so if you want one--and you should--try this retailer.  You can't beat the price ($79.) plus a few more bucks for the chargers.

Very durable - keys are easy for people with large fingers.  Price is much better than contacting cell service provider, and does not require additional two year contract.

Good phone, nothing wrong with it. had a feew straches like ecpected but other than that worked good for my boyfriend

This is a nice sturdy phone, looks to hold a decent charge, and it arrived in a timely manner.  this is a good phone if you want just that is tough and good for calling and texting that's about it. I'm OK with that because that's what i bought a phone for.One complaint; I have to drive to the nearest city to find a corporate store to get  a "flash update" for some programming fix I can not longer automatically download through my phone (this is inconvenient), just so I can download apps, music and ringtones.  My local provider is Verizon.

BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!2 Phones I bought  were not in good shape both stopped working in less than 2 weeks

This phone had fuzzy sound, had a camera but it didn't work.  Would not hold a charge very long either.

Would be okay if it was working properly.

This was misrepresented as a new phone but in fact it had two previous owners according to the Verizon store we took it to for activation.

wasnt sure about purchasing a used ph. but i am glad i did.  My husband is hard on cell phones and gets expensive replacing.  His used phone works great and was amazingly cheap to purchase. got it very quick and was a very pleasant experience. Will use them again.

the phone was exactly what i wanted. it was obviously brand new, and the camera works(the main complaint i've read about in reviews). phone came in 5 days.

This phone is rugged and durable and perfect for my 13 year old very active son! Have had it for awhile now and he hasn't seemed to damage it in anyway. I knew I wanted a G'Zone for him due to my husband works in the concrete and construction business and he has one and it has never failed him unlike other phones he has had in the past. I highly recommend this for those that want a simple flip phone that is durable

this ia a good phone decent camera altho not as tough as advertised as this is my second phone in 4 months still not a bad piece of equipment.

Got this for my dad who is a hunter and is hard on phones. He has lost a few phones to droping and water so I got this which promised that these issues would not be a problem. It lasted about a month before the hendges broke. Well thats that.

this phone "DIED" in less than 3 weeks!!! i never even droped it on the carpet!! never got it wet!! i had the "ROCK" for over a year and i was fair from "KIND" to that phone. i abussed the hek out of it!!! this phone is NOT tuff at all and i knew soon as i got it.  very light, toy like more less  and just a poor phone in general, the light on the keys was lame,bad speaker and sound,ect  you CAN NOT  compear this with the rock not one bit!!!  you guys ripped me off and anyone who buys this phone will feel the same way. the "rock" is a phone that is made for the working man who is kinda tuff on there phones.they sell the BOLDER makeing it sound like its something better......RIPP  OFF!!!!!!  you guys suck!!!!  IRON MATT

I owned for 3 months:1.  Poor reception:  lost calls driving along I-93 N through New Hampshire.  None of my prior phones (Motorola Razor or Samsung (can't remember the name, also waterproof.reception got worse over time, eventually couldn't make or receive calls form my house in Maine.2.  Eventually stopped taking the charge.3.  Poor audio:  had a hard time making out what others said and they couldn't understand me (this is in high bar areas).Dissapointed to say the least.

Like the phone.It arrived before the estimated delivery date. It is the lightest phone. I love that. Feels like it weighs only ounces. Also very durable. So far, so good

Keep It Simple Stupid....LOL. I've had a number of so called smart phones now, and have finally got tired of the so called stupid smartphones. I did some research, and decide not to spend the big bucks to get a phone that won't drive me insane. These are nice rugged long lasting simple cell phones. I am hard on my s***. I feel this will take it, and at a lower cost. Mine was under 20 bucks brand new. Search the web. Water resistant like my handheld gps. Caught in the pouring rain.... I can did the phone out n make a call. It wont be bother by the rain. I call and talk in the shower using the speaker phone....Hahahahaha. I was supprised i still remembered how to text with this type setup.... I even still remembered the key setup, and how many times to hit keys to get to letters to text without having to look. I am actually faster at texting this way then with a smart phone..... KISS....way to go...

The phone is horrible in many ways.  I had to have a different battery sent tho me bc the original would not work nor did the replacement I asked for a refund and he said he would send a better phone, well he sent a worse phone

wish battery life was mentioned it needs to be replaced soon. overall phone was in good condition and hubby happy to have his old phone back

Wrote a review that phone would not download ringtones. Well it won't but it is not the sellers fault. Too many trips to the Verizon store (what a waste of time) then on the phone with Verizon (better than store). This phone since an upgrade was not performed before February 2011 can not be upgraded without special download software that no Verizon store has in our state! Cell lounge has been very helpful with trying to get this resolved. It can't and they are giving us a full refund. I would recommend Cell Lounge to all. The 4 star rating is for the phone only!!! They get a 5 Plus Plus!

I have been using this phone for a month or so thus far.  It works fine and you can' beat the price at any phone store or electronic device store. I recommend it

I did have the older version of the G'Zone Boulder. That had speakers on the face panel and back. The sound was better, especially when I was driving. It was hands-free. This one, the speakers are only in the back. When I use the speakers to talk, noone can understand me. Also, I wasn't aware that the locking device was plastic. I thought it was metal (more durable).

purchased 2 new c711 1st phone flip screen came off 2nd phone screen stopped displaying charging not helping no trouble shooting manual available good while operational

My husband loves his phone. We do a lot of outdoor activities and no worries with the rain or dropping this phone. Very utilitarian.

I ordered this phone for my husband because he is pretty hard a phone! (:  He loves it!!! It does exactly what it says it will do... It doesn't quit when he does for the day!!! LOL.  Great signal, sound is clear, and it is a quality product!We had trouble with the battery holding charge, but the sellers more than replaced that and we are extremely satisfied.

this is a nice durrable phone i really have been happy with it. Would buy from this dealer again. The phone workes well.

What can I say? It worked very well.Came only with Charger, Battery, Phone, and Manual, but that was expected. Came in a Generic Verizon Box which kinda was a let-down, but nothing to put a poor review on.No problems, no complaints. Good seller, Good product.

my orange not black phone will not charge the extended batteryshad 4 of them none would charge only the reg batterywill charge right. i thought i was getting a new onebut it had some ones name and phone number on it nowonder why they got rid of it . i like the phone but wanted tohave a extended battery so i did not have to charge it everynight. to late to return it so ints not their fault i found outafter the time was up

Having ordered two of these phones, the first one was not working properly from the start and the second one now a month later will not charge..... Working with this company and they are not working well with me!

this was a great price.my husband has a phone like this one ,and verzion don't have this phone any more.so i had to get this one cause he does'nt want to change to another phone.he really likes the phone,its been droped in water and it still works.

just liked i remembered but this one came with a battery pack booster that wasnt in the description. Overall good deal

Could not find this cell phone at any of the Verizon stores, this is sa great phone because my husband is a killer on phones, and wanted the exact one he had before,I found it her.  Great price and shipped on time.

Everything works except for the vibrate. Other than that it works just fine. It didnt have a lot od scratches.

I would not have believed it but it happened today.  I couldn't find my  boulder anywhere.  My wife is folding cloths and my phone is in the dryer.  It was still on and worked fine.  It had survived the washer and dryer and is still good as new. I think to many phones could stand up to this kind of abuse. Casio is the toughest phone out there.

I gave it to my son for Christmas, He's so excited. He loves it. It works really well. He is very hard on phones, he works outside in all kinds of weather.

This phone is great! In almost new condition! really is indestructible! Bought this for my dad and he loves it! better price than verizon was going to give me!

Was advertised as new phone. Phone locked up with previous owners password. Verizon confirmedphone had 2 previous phone #s assigned. They were not able to unlock so phone if is notable to be used. Returning and hoping for a refund.

The seller was great and shipped ontime.The phone is very durable ,water proof. The only negative is that verizon could not update software to have the navigation work.

this is tough because I am a casio phone lover, I curently have a ravine 2 and love it, BUT, I ordered this phone before I got the ravine hoping to save money and not be in a contract. ordered it new and when I recieved it it even looked new. After I activated it is when the real story came out.half of the key pad lights did not work and could not get a signal, at sellers request I contacted verizon and they said my service was fine but since my phone was so old I should consider an up grade, I quikly informed her that my phone was new and she replied, sorry to tell you but you are the third owner of this phone and that it was first activated in 2008, I don't blame casio because like I said I'm a fan of there products, I blame the company that tried to scam me.

My husband is very hard on cell phones and this one seems to be doing the trick.  It is sturdy and simple just the way he likes his electronics.  Am very pleased with our purchase and its ruggedness.

I bought two of these phones. DONT DO IT!! Both of them had the charging mechanism come loose. The first one was within the warranty time and the other wasn't. DONT BUY THIS PHONE....

had one of thise for a year before it broke got another one great construction super durable and its deff water resistat

I ordered this phone to replace one that my teen aged son had broken.  I really like the more rugged design of this phone but the seller included a charger with the phone that was a piece of junk.  The charger that was sent with the unit looked to be a cheap travel charger that wasn't made for the phone.  When plugging it in it wouldn't transfer a charge to the battery.  After spending another 30 bucks on a charger that would work the phone now works great.  Be mindful if you order a phone from this company to check and make sure that the charger they include with the phone actually works.

Looks and acts tuff. Battery was a bit tight getting in, but it's good.And six more words becouse it's required

I got this phone after I crushed my phone in my trucks tail gate,(Don't try this at home) this should get me by until my contract runs out and I can get a new Windows phone.

I love the boulder. Had one for 4 years and im really rough on phones because of my job. But the one was starting to wear out. The speakers weren't as good as they once were so purchased a new phone well (new to me) from this company although it was used i thought it wouldn't hurt cause the previous one i had was also used. Anyways, i bought it and got it in, the phone turned on had a little wear and tear on it but nothing to serious until i went to have it activated and the phone would not program its self. Although it switched over fine it would not receive any calls or make any calls because of a bad internal antenna. Like i said it was a used product but i thought it should work just a few minor wear and tear. I don't hate the product i just don't like the fact that the company i bought it from sells phones that wont work when you try to go get them activated.

Phone was in near perfect condition when I received it, no scratches or marks on the phone, and only a small one of the battery. Came with a good battery and phone charger. Charged the phone up, activated it easily, and battery has been holding solid for a few days now with a few calls and texts.Faster shipping then I expected. phone was shipped the next business day after I ordered, and arrived only 2 days after. It was nice because I was out of town, and didnt expect to have it when I got home. This is just a work phone to me, so I only need to make calls and receive an occasional text. phone works perfect for what I need.

THE ITEM SAYS NEW BUT IT CAME WITH SIGNS THAT ANYONE COULD TELL IT WAS USED BUT IT STILL WORKED FINE

I have been through 12 phones in the last 4 years before this one. Once I found this one, I decided this would be the perfect phone for me. I have had it for about 4 months, and now I need to get a new one because this one is broken. Yep, my indestructible phone has a piece of the front missing and the top half is hanging on by a hinge. This is only from dropping it multiple times, three or four feet at the highest. I don't know about anyone else who ordered this one from this seller, but mine is most definitely some sort of Asian knock-off. The default pictures are just weird and there are multiple demonstrations of poor English. Not just improper English, but it's clear that whoever made it did not know English well. I may get this phone again, but definitely not from this seller and I would get the real one next time.

This was purchased as a gift for someone who is very hard on phones. So far we think it is a good phone. Sound quality is not the best, although he lives in a rural area that does not have the strongest service available, so that could be the problem. He works around a lot of dust, and often his hands are not clean when he uses it, and so far it has stood up to the punishment. Wipes clean, and looks good. He is happy with the camera. Recommended for those who want a basic phone and no frills. This one may just be bullet proof.

amazing phone if you want just that a phone that is tough its good for calling and texting that's about it. I'm OK with that because that's what i bought a phone for. There is two variants of this phone the first had not as good of a speaker the latter is what i have had and i love it. The way to tell is there is a black bulge below the outside screen it is where the speaker phone is. It has went through hell and back. I took my first one scuba diving to 51 ft well it didn't exactly die but it didn't exactly work after that either. All functions but calling and texting worked. even though its tough i would not recommend trying to prove how tough it is it is electronic after all.

This phone is OK as a regular cell phone goes but is definitely not waterproof or even water resistant. I find it really odd that they would even try to pass it off that it might be. My husband uses it on the weekend or after work for emergencies and on 2 different occasions he fell with the phone in his pocket of his waders and just for a second it was in the water long enough for him to stand back up. Each time the phone stopped working and would not work again. We purchased the phone for the feature only. NOT what it says it is.

WAS PLEASED WITH THE FAST SERVICE, GOT THE PHONE EARLIER THAN PROMISED. THE PHONE WORKS GREAT VERY HAPPY WITH IT.

I am very hard on phones and before buying this one went through several phones frequently.  This phone is made to last! It has been dropped several times,  has a lot of scratches on the back but the quality of the phone is  excellent. My boyfriend was so impressed he ordered one online too!  Verizion keeps telling us we can have the free upgrade phones out there, but we are staying with this phone because of the durability!  If you are hard on phones this is the one for you!
