
After my old Blackberry Bold died on me, I was looking to get a touch screen (for full screen content viewing) but didn't feel comfortable leaving the keyboard behind. After doing some research, I decided that the Droid 2 was the best option for a dual full touch screen/qwerty keyboard for my price point. I was not disappointed. While not a blackberry, the keyboard works well. I though it'd take a while before I got used to the slide-out but the adjustment was suprisingly smooth. The touchscreen is responsive and the colors look great. Plus, there are the apps. This is a really great phone that won't "break the bank"

the phone worked grate when i first got it. then not even a week of having it. it stoped working. would nt get anything from this person again. very unhappy

Phone did not have label on the box with device id. When calling to activate it, I was informed that it was on a denial list because it was reported as Lost/Stolen. This was a &#34;new phone&#34;.

love the querty keyboard. easy to use great Droid for 1st time users! camera works well, not sure I like being connected to work 24-7 but is an asset none the less!

this phone was great at the start but after a while it took its toll and stopped working like it was supposed to. Shipping was as expected and the item came as described.

Doesnt work!!Screen shakes most of the time.keybord wont work some keys dont work and it also gets frozen. Battery goes low quickly.

THE ONE STAR REVIEW IS FOR THE PRODUCT ONLY NOT THE SELLER. Great seller, item arrived quickly and was well packaged. The phone was BRAND NEW in the original package upon attempting to activate it I could not get past the welcome to droid screen. After doing some research I found that it is well known problem of the digitizer not working on a lot of these phones right out of the factory. The seller promptly refunded my money.

This phone was suppose to be NEW. It would not hold a charge and had all the same glitch problems as my last old android. After making calls to Motorolla, I found out it was not a new phone... and had been out of expiration for over a year... I'll never buy electronics fro AMazon again

I gave this phone a one because it constantly stay hot in the back of the phone and it gets so hot that it will burn you hand. I would not purchase anything from this company again. It is a rip off!!!

I bought this phone refurbished. My first Android. I loved the look and feel of it. Real quality. I bought an SD card so I could load some Apps. It worked fine for a couple weeks then I couldn't open Apps or download any more because my SD card wasn't mounting. So I bought another card, the same thing happened. Maybe this was just a defective phone but I have read this is common for the Droid 2. Too bad because it was great otherwise.

Bought this phone for my Nephew when his broke couldn't afford to spend alot but this is a gopod for a great deal

I love this phone cause its da bomb and also my dad has one so we can be like buds. This phone would be awesome if you could ship it to me May 3,2012. That would be delighted. So ya this phone is a slide phone you can surf the web and use pandora.

I just recived this phone a couple days ago and when i turned it on there are little black lines on the screen and i like phone over all but is there anyway i can send the one i recived with lines on the screen for a new one?  Its really disapointing

The battery only lasted a 1/2 of day. This happens if the phone was sitting or being used. I had to charge it all the time. It was really hard for me to use because it kept switching screens on me when ever I was working or I would get a call. Dam annoying. After not even 6 months it died and I had to get a new phone.

I take extremely excellent care of my phones. So none of these problems are from water damage, neglect, or drops.At first i was thrilled to get this phone. It was sleek and fast. However, halfway through my ownership a new software update was released by verizon. The update slowed my phone down dramatically. The internet started to surf by itself and it opened applications on its own. It also played music on its own. The battery lasted only for about 3 hours with all of the applications running. The slide out keyboard only works when it wants to. Sometimes the buttons work and sometimes they produce 5 of the same letter with only one touch.I would not recommend this product.

The Droid 2 is a fantastic phone when it isn't mal-functioning, which is often. It usually takes a few months before the problems begin to show up. I received one two years ago with a Verizon contract. Since then, it has been replaced 4 times. My son has one. It has been replaced 3 times. Friends that have one tell me of the same problems. Automatically reboots, or locks up, or rotates pages all on its own, or starts up on its own (not a great feature on an airplane), or dials phone numbers on its own, the list goes on and on. At first Verizon claimed that it was a battery problem, then new firmware, then they began replacing units, but each one has problems. I believe that it is a heat and/or humidity sensitivity. If you keep the phone in your pocket, this is not the phone for you. Place it in a cool dry room, it works great. When it works, it is wonderful.

i have bought two cell phones in the last past maybe 6 months the first phone that i bought the screen went black in three months and the other phone i am already having problems with it, i feel its not even worth buying any phones from amazon if i am going to continue having this kind of problems

The phone worked perfectly for a used phone. My husband enjoyed it as his first smart phone. I would recommend the Droid to a first time smart phone user.

First one I was sent didn't work but the company immediately sent me a replacement one that works great. I love my new phone.

My charging port broke after a month or so because of a manufacturer's defect. This is a common issue with these phones. I got a battery charger and spare battery from Amazon for like $10. It's a pretty nice phone though. Sometimes it'll be weird with certain apps (snapchat, for example), but it does what I need it to do. This has been my main phone for months and I like it.

I really love his phone. It has all the bells and whistles. Touch screen plus a full keyboard, which I love. It rivals my son's I Phone, at least as far as I am concerned!! This phone was a replacement for an older model of the same, but this one blows the other away. I am completely satisfied!

My family purchased three of these the day they were released and they were wonderful for quite a while. I can type text messages faster than even text message speed demons can on on-screen keypads. It worked flawlessly for about a year and a half and then I started having minor issues. Just crashing every once in a while and apps freezing up sometimes. I upgraded to a 32GB microSD card and it fixed them for the rest of the year. A few months after our contract was up, my phone started to have these issues again but it's nowhere near filled up that microSD. I've uninstalled apps and all sorts of things to try to get past these issues, but nothing has helped. As time has gone by, these issues have just gotten worse and worse to the point that I am beginning to hate the phone I used to love. Now, it doesn't always save pictures, it freezes up constantly, it crashes constantly, it calls the same person twice in one phone call (and when you tell it to talk to the second call it crashes. If you tell it to not talk to the second call it hangs up on the person completely...). There have been all kinds of crazy things. However, this phone was great for most of my contract term and even now, when it's working right, it's just fine.The other two Droid 2s my parents have (they use theirs much less but are more physically abusive) are still functioning like they should. Both have damaged pixels and one of the phones has had to have the screen and power button replaced from being accidentally thrown across a truck, but they work just fine.However, every Verizon salesperson I've ever spoken to about my phone made a face as soon as they realized the model. Apparently, most of these phones had some pretty serious issues. I've been told it's as a result of the slide out keyboard (both the mechanical parts/circuitry and the programming). I'm not sure how true that is, but I don't know that I can recommend this phone based on problems I've been told about from friends who also owned this phone. Everyone I've ever known besides myself and my parents who had this phone ended up with serious problems after about a year. Apparently we just got lucky.

I purchased this phone to replace my Samsung Stratosphere that came down with a bad charging port just a few months before my upgrade.  Although this phone is older than the stratosphere, I find that this phone works BETTER, especially when I am online, as well as the sound when I use the phone is much clearer.  The camera takes a great picture, although I miss being able switch to the front of the screen for pictures.I bought it refurbished, but it is in excellent condition- although I had to have it factory reset since the previous owners contacts and facebook were still attached.  That was a little weird.

This is not a new phone. I got this to replace my previous Droid 2 but this one has clearly been reconditioned and sold as new. Very upset, because I need the phone and can't wait another 2 days to get a new one. The packaging is all wrong, the phone has scratches on the body. Very disappointed.

IT was what i expected, and delivered fast. this was for my wife and she loved it. I would recommend this product to others.

First off, I don't hate this phone model, I love it! I had one for three years before it started getting glitchy. I liked the model so much I wanted another, so I purchased this one. The product description does not tell you that the phone is refurbished. Within two months of purchase this phone was having the same problems as my old phone. If you can find the model somewhere else, get it. You will like the phone, but don't buy it here.

I love this phone! It can do everything you need it to, and it is fast. The other reveiws are just people who didnt take care of their items. I would buy again :D

This is a good phone for the folks who are trying say away from the cell phone tech craze! Fairly simple to use good quality and reliable will do a few tricks if you really want it too.

This is my first android phone. It was a little slow out of the box, even after I factory reset it. You have to turn off a lot of widgets and icons just to make it run decently.I do like the size of the phone. The screen is nice and super clear. Battery life isn't great, which seems to be common with androids. I usually can't make it through one full day without the battery dying.But it beats spending hundreds of bucks on a new iphone.EDIT: This phone is terrible. My friend who works at Verizon saw me using it and said, "That phone is the worst phone ever, and I used to sell them." Text notifications will randomly not sound, for no apparent reason. Texting will suddenly not allow you to input any letters. The phone will sometimes not respond when trying to make a call (although it will still do everything else), and then five to ten minutes later will finally start dialing (the WORST). What garbage.Good looking screen though.

The operating system and technology are outstanding. Too bad you'll never get to enjoy it becuase designed with a battery life that requires the phone to be on constant power. If you make the mistake of buying this phone, be sure to buy a power plug-in for your car, home, and office and not a bad idea just to have an extra in case you go to a movie or restaurant. I don't know how this phone can be marketed as wireless.Perfect example of the design. There are several apps that allow you to go for a jog or walk that using the GPS maps your exercise, calculates your distance, pace, time, calories, and stores it for reference. A perfect and easy to use exercise system. Problem - the battery is dead a half our to hour into your exercise. Just a very poorly designed product. And yes I've applied the applications that manage battery life with minimal extension of batter life.

Considerably faster than Droid 1, nice pull out keyboard, takes decent 5MP pics.  Not flashy anymore, but still in 2012, a solid smartphone

Phone worked for a week, no mishaps on our part.  Would not recommend to anyone unless they know of someone who can fix phones.

This product did not work and I will be returning it! I have tried to get the information online what to do; but the site keep starting over and saying it is not the correct site??????! The phone looked nice I just wished it worked! They told us that the phone was blocked and whoever had it before still had control of the phone and it would not activate!!!! Very Disappointed!!!!!!!!

Started to malfunction on the second day of use.. Battery suddenly died. Turned on/ off for no reason. Wouldn't charge! Buyer beware.

It calls. It texts. But if you're used to a higher end phone, this one will make you feel like you're back in mid 2000s. My Galaxy broke and this is temporary replacement and every day I remember exactly why I chose the S3. Camera has no flash and you have to be perfectly still in order to take not blurry pics. Screen is tiny. Type pad isn't very responsive. Not all the apps are supported. It does have good call quality tho. Oh, Galaxy, how I miss you.

phone works well. txting is a pain.  the buttons stick, though it does have the predictive text feature which is helpful - able to touch the word which i want instead of struggling thru typing it.  Camera is good too.Have had the phone for just under 6 months now.  Txting works only occasionally.  The charger will not work plugged in, but the USB part will still charge the phone.  I don't know if this is reflective of the phone ( i know others who have it & don't seem to have difficulties) or the source (I purchased 2 phones and they are both having issues - maybe it was a "second"/subptimal one which is how Electronic Warehouse got it (vs going to Verizon)).Either way - caution!

I was really surprised how fast I got this and let me say that this phone is great. Not only that but the seller was nice enough to include a 32gb micro sd card. At first I thought something was wrong with this phone because it wasn't turning on but I found out I just had to charge it lol. It's all good now and thanks for this great deal. I would definitely buy from this seller again.

this phone is so pretty i almost traded mine in even though mine is newer. This phone was delivered promptly it works. I cant wait to give it to my kid for christmas.

I wanted a phone with a keyboard, and I didn't want to sign another 2 year contract.  The phone allows me to do all the things you would expect from a smart phone.  However, it tends to freeze up if you I'm on the FB app, and trying to send/receive texts.  The keyboard is too sensitive, as it doubles about 60% of the letters that I type, which is frustrating.  I have reverted back to the touch screen for texting, and will only do the keyboard when I have time to edit my texts.  Hopefully it dies soon, so I will have to replace it with another glitchy smartphone.  =)

I purchased this new item!!! It operated as a refubished phone....when you power on all it do is show da motorola logo....it would have been a very nice phone. but it did not serve any purpose

The keyboard on this phone had several keys that would stick and type multiple letters. The company had agreed to replace the phone or refund it, but I accidentally cracked the screen before I could return it so I'm stuck with it. That doesn't change the fact that the phone was defective when I received it. I purchased this phone because I wanted a physical keyboard. Therefore, if the keyboard had been functional, I would rate this phone as 4-stars plus.

My phone came amazingly fast, was easy to set up and works beautifully! The only issue I am having with the phone is that the charger is loose and has to be weighed down in order to hold a charge, other than that the battery life is amazing. Thank you for sending it in such a timely manner!

The next in line of the Droids I've owned, bought the first one when it came out and it lasted forever till it started ghosting this year. New one is good, the microphone on this model is not as good for the speaker phone, I use that feature a lot and everyone says it sounds tinny. If you can be bothered with &#34;ye olde&#34; technology this is pretty good.

the phone has something wrong with it, it keeps typing on its own and calls people without me pressing buttons and does a lot of screen jumping

This phone is fast to process, yes, but the main reason that I wanted to use this phone was because of the keyboard. It doesn't slide out as easily as I expected it too and it's too big for my liking. Very sharp looking phone though.

I PURCHASED THIS PHONE FOR MY DAUGHTER WHO WAS RETURNING TO COLLEGE! WITH SO MANY PRE-PAY OPTIONS FOR CELL PHONE SERVICE WE THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE A GREAT DEAL WITHOUT HAVING TO SIGN A CONTRACT TO GET A FREE CELL PHONE! THE PHONE ARRIVED 2 WEEKS BEFORE SHE LEFT FOR SCHOOL WE HAD THE PHONE ACTIVATED & EVERYTHING WORKED FINE.  AFTER 3 WEEKS AWAY AT COLLEGE THE PHONE COMPLETELY FREEZES UP & SHE IS UNABLE TO USE IT!! AFTER TAKING IT TO SEVERAL DIFFERENT STORES TRYING TO HAVE IT REPAIRED THE PRICE OF THE REPAIR IS MORE THAN THE PHONE & THEY CAN NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE PHONE WON'T FREEZE UP AGAIN!! SO THE ADVICE THEY KEEP GIVING HER IS IT'S BEST IF SHE JUST BUYS ANOTHER PHONE!!!!-- UNHAPPY MOTHER!!--TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY

this phone do not work for me its out of date I really don't like this phone so don't get this phone

I LIKE THIS PHONE. I REALLY THOUGHT IT WAS A GREAT PRICE. JUST HAVING PROBLEMS, WITH KEEPING MY APPS I DOWN LOAD. FOR SOME REASON IT KEEPS DELECTING THEM.

I am very pleased with my phone. I received it within a few days of ordering it and was pleased with the quick arrival.  The phone was a great quality and I am still learning things about it.  I would reco

I bought this for my mother, she was very excited to go activate it... until she got to Verizon and they couldn not activate this because it was not a Verizon phone.

I bought this phone used from riskandrew seller and he is an awesome seller, shipping was a little delayed but only because of hurricane. There are no scratches on the body or screen, so he was honest about the condition of it. Now to the phone itself it lags sometimes but only occasionally and wont let me text while on a call like my old basic phone, but that isn't that serious. The battery life is a tragedy but if you turn of the gps, back round data and wifi it is average. Around 8 hours. I've had it for about a week and its working fine, the camera is pretty good in the write lighting but the flash messes up at times. The sound quality is outstanding, but the keyboard slides choppily, might just be this individual phone. I'm very clumsy and have dropped it on the gym floor, my house tile, in the grass, on my bathroom floor, and nothing happened. I takes so long to power up and if you take a picture by yourself it'll make a sound even on silent. You will have to go into  settings to turn of vibrations because it'll vibrate even if on silent. Downloading apps is slow at first but gets very fast. Would recommend

Great phone! Does everything i need it to do! It's easy to use and has so many apps! I love it!

The phone is slow and it constantly freezes up on me and the speaker doesnt work so good.  Also the screen is a little messed up.

The Motorola Droid 2 I had for three years was great (it wasn't without it little quirks), so decided to purchase another one when I dropped mine in the pool. Unfortunately, this replacement through GMDS-Wireless, not only did the camera not work, the volume button as well as many of the keyboard button did not work or stuck, and the touch screen mechanism was faulty. Make sure you test the entire phone before the 30 days (I did not need to activate it right away- lesson learned.) You will be unable to reach this vendor by phone, and emails go responded.I realize people want to hear more about the product, than the vendor, but I think it is important that where you get this phone from will make all the difference in your experience.

the phone does not work, to try to unlock the screen the phone does not allow it, beaten and apparently this has something loose, you press with your finger the screen up and the phone tries to answer and until I unlock it again but since I received it I could only unlock once .. I feel cheated. I feel like I was robbed.

This was advertised as a new phone. Well, it is not!!!It even says inside the box that it is not new. I am verydissapointed in Amazon for selling this phone. It neverworked properly. Do not buy this phone4!!!

Met my expectation for what I was looking for in a phone. I've had one for many years and now i've got one to replace it.

There are dead spots on the screen and lower button tabs -on 2 of which have stopped working. Need to exchange or buy from another vendor.

it is a nice phone given to me for my birthday. I Had problems with the volume not working correctly.

This phone is JUNK! Full battery, turned on then screen went crazy with a bunch of different colors and lines all over the screen! I tried to reset it by taking the battery out, still doing the same thing....its junk!

I do really enjoy this phone; the Android updates have made some of the early OS-specific bugs a thing of the past, and the slide-out keyboard is really useful for those (like me) who enjoy having some feedback while texting. The screen has a good resolution and the processor can run any app with no trouble. The battery, when new, could last me for 3 days if I had only used it to make/receive a few calls a day and check email.However, this phone loses 2 stars because of a large magnitude of little bugs and inconveniences. My first Droid 2 lasted for about a year, before the lock button on the top of the phone completely broke. I sent it in and got another one back.I have had the second one for about another year and it's limping along, but still working. Unfortunately, there are some rather annoying stability issues that arise with this phone after a few months. For example, the touch-screen interface will occasionally glitch on me, causing it to slide the red "ignore" bar instead of the green "accept" bar when answering a call, or not allowing me to fully slide the bar to answer the call. Occasionally when receiving a call, the touch screen won't work at all, causing me to miss the call. After a year, these glitches happen fairly often.I play tennis once or twice a week, and would sometimes make a call while taking a break. Even after wiping my phone clean if I got sweat on it, somehow sweat managed to get under the screen through the receiver. As a result, there is a layer of dried salt under my screen that covers a good quarter of it. I realize I should have been a little more careful, but I'm still surprised this happened at all.Overall, the Droid 2 is a good phone. If my experience is any indicator, it will most likely last you a year or so before having a few annoying glitches or a major stability problem. Therein lies the problem--this phone isn't made to last.

I bought this for my teenage daughter along with a 16gb sd card for $20.So for well under $100 she has a decent first smartphone.She uses it to read books on the Kindle app,she downloaded a mp3 type app and now downloads and listens to music via headphones(constantly:-))goes on facebook,take photos and videos,texts and calls of course and play a couple games she likes.So she's not a heavy user like her dad.This phone wont handle too many running widgets but it does play games good,run live wallpapers if you're into that and search the web okay.It has a 4 row qwerty (the top row has the numbers as well as the qwerty row) a removable battery (why manufacturers are making them these days without a keyboard or interchangeable batteries is beyond me) and a flash foe the camera and digital recorder.It's not a bad phone at all for the price just don't put too much strain on it,one task at a time and it works and looks good.For the price I definitely recommend it,just know that it doesn't come close to the phones coming out today as far as power.But  the phones coming out today will be the same way in a couple years,they basically get 'old' in roughly 6 months so you have to watch what software you downloadIt does basically the same things as brand new phones just not as fast.Google Maps,no problem,Google searches also no problem.A decent phone especially for a first smartphone.I'm telling you,my daughter is very happy with it and that's what I wanted.I guess she can multi task with it with some things cause after she gets done with her homework more often than not she can be found with her headphones on listening to her music app while also reading from her Kindle app.I honestly don't know why there's so many negative reviews,I have a new and powerful smartphone and her Droid 2 will literally do almost everything mine does.The Droid 2 just can't run as many things at once as my phone but if they're done one at a time there's no problems.It can do basically everything and do it for a quarter the price.I haven't checked current prices but I bought my daughters Droid 2 a couple months ago via Amazon for $64.99 then got her a bigger sd card than mine also via Amazon for half what I paid for mine out of the store.So her Droid 2 can actually store a lot more info than my new phone can because she has a 16gb card and I have an 8gb.If you're new to these phones and not familiar with digital storage even 8gb is a lot.With an 8gb sd card combined with my phones internal memory I've downloaded over 250 apps not including what comes preinstalled,I've taken over 750 photos that are still stored in my phone,over an hour of video and lots of other stuff and I still have memory left.Also,if this is your first smartphone you'll probably be like most everybody else and get lots of cool apps,some of them cost money but once you buy them they're always yours even if you switch phones.Just sign up your new phone with the same email address and you can put all your paid apps on your new phone without paying again.I was so relieved when I found that out:-)I hope that helps,the Droid 2 is a really good phone for what they're asking here.I would recommend getting an extra charger for your car,they're like $3 here on Amazon,and also get a good protective cover.They make todays phone very fragile on purpose I imagine so we're forced to buy new ones in the event we drop them one too many times.My first cell phone I had back in the 90's was made like a brick,I could have literally dropped it off a roof and it would have been okay.You don't want to hop out of your car with your phone in your lap with today's phones,that's how I broke my last one:-)Droid 2 is a great starter smartphone in my opinion.

This is my first Android phone. I bought it to use on the Page Plus service and it worked fine.Some of my observations about this phone the seven months that I have used it so far....The good+It rarely drops calls and the clarity on phone calls is great!The physical keyboard is as good as any others I have had.Build quality: this phone doesn't feel "cheap" and it seems to be well-built.Accessories: there are some real nice accessories available for the phone. Especially the USB charging cradle.Wi-Fi capable. I have used this phone on wi-fi with no trouble.Good OEM batteries are readily available and cheap.The charging ports are durable also. And that's an issue with some phones.The camera takes quality photos.Surfing the web is rather easy. Although it is not as easy to close out a webpage as, say, the Palm Pre 2.The bad-The only thing I don't care for with this phone is battery life.I use the battery saver settings on the phone and I keep two charged batteries on hand because this phone will drain batteries relatively fast.Talk time on the batteries is nowhere near the estimate given. That's my only complaint. And I did find that some of the after-market batteries are not very good.If you balance out the good and the bad, this phone is a solid 4 star phone. For me personally, I have had no glitches or odd behavior from this phone.I'm not a fan of the Android os but for those that are, this would probably be a great phone.

I bought a Phone and it worked fine for a couple of weeks. it stopped working so i sent it in. i waited a month for a new phone. never got one. called them and thy said they ran out of the phone so hey would give me my money back within 8-10 business days and its been over 12 days. they suck

I have had a few generations of smart phone now, and this one had some of the best features. That said, it also had a few problems. It froze or powered itself off randomly (which always happens at the most inconvenient times), the battery life sucked (even with the extended battery and with task killer apps, etc.), and I started having problems (after almost 2 years, admittedly) with the charging jack not being reliable anymore (so my phone turned itself off again).On the pros side, I really liked having a keyboard. The call quality was good. And I do love the plethora of apps available. I will probably get another droid and avoid the whole iPhone thing when it comes time to upgrade.

great phone and the seller was awesome!!!!!! i got it for a prepaid verizion and it is great, does all the same as expensive phones all apps etc, without big price and hassels

great phone really love it =i love the voice recorder for texting ( i dont spell well )only thing BAD is i have pageplus so my &#34;HOT SPOT&#34; wont work thats why i bought it  my internet works great = they said pageplus doesnt offer hot spot  service so i would have to go to verizon = oh well im sticking with pageplus  i can take my laptop to mcdonalds***** GREAT PHONE *****  HIGH FIVE FOR FIVE STAR'Sps. its my first high tech phone

I bought this phone and waited about a week and a half before it arrived. When it did, I found out through Verizon that it couldn't even be activated because the phone had been reported as stolen. I sent the phone back, and the company was very apologetic and did give me my money back. The phone itself was in very good condition, disregarding that it did not rightfully belong to me.

We still have an old grandfathered unlimited data plan with Verizon. Just needed a replacement phone so that we don't have to &#34;upgrade&#34; and pay for spikes in data usage. My son has had a Droid 2 for over three years. This one is as good as the first one he had. Good solid reliability.

Recently purchased this phone and I'm happy with it, it tends to randomly turn off though, and lose connection randomly. It takes seconds to come back on, and same thing with connection, so that's why overall happy with it.

I regret the day I signed the contract.  I've had nothing but problems, Verizon was forthright and gave me a replacement and I still had the same problems.  Interestingly, my daughters phone had all the same problems and more, they also replaced that one.  Last month we simply threw hers out and got her an iPhone.  The glitches are all software conflicts and could easily be solved if only Motorola-Google-Verizon could get on the same sheet of music in terms of updates.  The more updates I receive, the more problems I have.If you want a phone that:-cuts off phone calls and starts playing music-buzzes or announces "Verizon Wireless" every 2-3 minutes-freezes when the mailbox is full and requires a hard reboot-freezes occasionally when you pull the keyboard and requires a hard reboot-has a battery that lasts less than 4 hours when using the 4G network-has an undecypherable file organization-and many more little quirksThen this is the phone for you.

I am returning to seller. Have had trouble from the start.  Won't turn on, locks up, does actions on it's own while sitting on table

This has to be the worst phone i ever got on amazon. It came with no sd card, i cant access the internet, the phone is slow and i cant take pictures or videos. I cant name who i got it from because Amazon wont let me, but rest assured i will never order any product from them again. Stay away from this phone

Was working great and setup on PagePlus was a snap.  I went through the setup of my accounts and other personalizations when it asked me to update the software.  Great!  The device did its thing and was updated.  A few hours later, another software update was needed, downloaded....and then the device goes into a black screen with tiny white lettering and an error message.  Unable to recover from that.  Attempted to do some research on online forums and it seems it is a consistent problems with that version of the software update for android on the droid 2.  Was able to return with not much fuss.  I think I'll steer clear of the Droid 2 from now on.

I love this phone but honestly this is the worst buy i have ever made on amazon because the phone is defective! i haven't had the phone no more than 3 months and its already breaking down on me! buttons used to turn on and off the phone are unresponsive, such a waste of money and of course the warranty would be only be 30 days!

this phone last me for over a year before it started sticking. But it was a excellent buy.. I should had brought another one.

I manage a company with 30 phones. I have tried dozens of them. I prefer this phone over all the others, including the iPhone 4s. Some of the benefits I see over other phones are as follows:1. Flip Keyboard: It's must faster to type with than an on-screen keyboard.2. Speed: The speed is about as fast as most other phones. It does what it needs to do quickly, without much lag-time.3. Battery Life: As long as I keep the Wi-Fi off when I'm not power using the internet, This phone easily lasts all day. Even after I've had the phone for a year and a half.There are two things I don't like about the phone.1. The stupid programs that come with the phone that Verizon won't let you delete. (you can get around this by rooting the phone).2. The camera isn't very good. Although it is a 5 mega pixel camera, the shutter speed is slow. You have to hold your hands very still to get a good shot.

First phone I got had a screen issue so I had to send it back. It wasn't immediately obvious (i.e. cosmetic) but annoying enough to have to send the phone back. The person I spoke to over the phone was very nice and helpful and the replacement phone came quickly. As of now it's working fine. Overall good experience. The only negative part was the hassle of having to repackage, send it back and wait for a replacement.

I have only had this phone about a month but so far it has been a great phone.. It takes awesome pictures and i love how easy it is to put them on facebook. This is my first smart phone so it will take me a while to get use to all the options. Phone calls sound great. It does not have a missed call beep so i need to get an app for that i guess. Overall this phone is way worth the money. The slide out keyboard is not as great as my last regular phone because the numbers at the top are really close to the edge of the slider part of the phone and you also have to use shift to use them but other than that I have no complaints.

I got this phone and within two weeks it totally shut down it is like it just died even thought it was brand new

If you are looking to buy this phone at this point, I would say pass.  There is no support or pushed updates at this point, and the last update made a few features not the best.  I loved this phone at the time for the full keyboard feature.If you are a die hard droid 2 user and want a cheap phone... sure go ahead and grab it.  the last update did not &#34;break&#34; anything but if you have used the phone a lot you may notice a quirk here and there.

I can't complain too much about this device.  It does most of what I need done.  It picks up internet fast when needed.  I had to restart it a few times after about 2 months but no biggy. Feels sturdy although it is a few years old it came brand new with all that was needed (wall/car charger and computer usb connector).

There is a reason many are for sell. It is a horrible phone. Anyone I have spoke to that has had one says the same. It is good for a month then problems kick in and get worse. IT DOESN'T HOLD A CHARGE, it FREEZES, and many other issues..

Could tell she totally wanted one, and riding on her plan was steering her away from spending a little on herself. Came in excellent quality and a great way to break her into the realm of smarter technology.

Was very pleased with this phone. It works great and was in great condition. All around great product and very affordable.

Great condition

I am very happy with my new phone.  Even though it was used, it was not noticeable as we have had not problems with it at all.  Would by from this person again.

So i ordered this phone a few days ago and i recieved it yesterday the shipping was perfect. when i opened it the phone looked fine but after 5 minutes of using this phone the screen went black and would not turn back on. because of this i am very disapointed in the phone so i only give it a rate of 2 stars

I got it yesterday and it does not appear to be a new phone.  The area around the camera is scratched up and the Motorola metal decal on the back fell off as soon as I pulled it out of the box.  Also, the screen does not respond to the pressing of icons, and now it will not even let me unlock it by swiping across the screen.  I hate this phone!!!!

Phone is slow having not all functions work at a proper level.  Would buy new next time.

will freeze up and send text messages over and over. screen sometimes will not respond when touched. if slide open for keyboard the screen will go black and not work and have to power it down and leave off for awhile.

The phone I bought for the price of a new one came with dust and dirt in the back, a battery with the life of about 3 hours, and a water damage detector with red Xs on it. I doubt this phone was even refurbished. The keyboard attached and the one that pops up when the phone is closed stopped working not even a month after I got it. I had to switch to my old blackberry and am awaiting an email back about the defected product. Needless to say I am extremely dissatisfied and annoyed.

I've only had it a few days and it seems okay. I would have like for it to be a little thinner, but it appears to function well.

Best phone ever I love it I would recommend to buy it I got it through straightalk even though it is a Verizon phone

the device fills its purpose well. I had a question about the product and what was included so I contacted the Seller directly. They were great to work with and answered my questions easily. One small caution is that some of the pictures for the product were not produced by the seller and thus not 100% accurate. For example one pic shows the manuals included but they were not in the box. The Seller explained that they buy in bulk etc so they do not always have the manuals. The information and operating instructions are available on line so it is not much of an issue.

bought two, one the screen died, they replaced with another one (upgraded) and it is just as bad.  the other phone after 2 weeks has a line in the display, do not waste time and money on returns..Update screen has gotten WORSE ! waste of time /money

I LOVE droids. I currently have the Droid 4, which i was forced to purchase after CHEEPING out and attempting to circumvent the viscous Verizon smart phone scam. I tried to just order my same FAVORITE phone on amazon; it worked great, for about three weeks. Then it just never turned on one day. I learned my lesson: BUY phone insurance through your provider and do not try to cut corners by ordering a &#34;new&#34; phone off the internet.Never again

This phone has everything I wanted in a phone.Easy to figure out and use.No problems so far and I like being able to get the apps I use most often and the pictures with my contacts is awesome. I really enjoy this phone.

don't like the phone I want something more like the iphone or glaxy note much better phones this doesn't have everything I need

I LOVE THIS PHONE. Its just what I needed. Very Organizes and gives many options. A must have. Recommended to all

i got this phone for my day yesterday and it got here very fast. it came with everything in the description(phone,battery, and charger).Pros:-QWERTY keyboard. this is one of the nicest physical keyboards I've ever seen. a huge improvement from the droid one.-A very fast phone.-runs a 2.3.4 android OS(capable of running most apps)-touch sensitive buttons. i like these better.Cons:-only a 5 mega pixel camera and 720p video capture. not much improvement there but its still a nice camera.its kinda bulky but it doesnt bother me much.the power/lock button can be kind of hard to find sometimes.but overall i would recommend this phone to anyone!

Step 1, root. Step 2, install CM9 ROM.  Bingo...a fast and very capable android ICS phone for under $100.  The stock setup is pretty weak, but those with some tech savviness can turn this into a great device.

This is a decent phone, but the 3G is TERRIBLE. Youtube videos take forever to load and the internet is all around slow as molasses! This phone also tends to freeze often. It gets irritating. Don't think I'll buy another after this one is gone...

Old but bad ass. The sad thing is , that  i lost it  but hoppin to buy another one. like a blackberry

This was a very good Phone even better than the Samsung that my wife have  the screen  resolutions is  very clear  and the Music sound  very loud enough for whole room .....I recommend Motorola phones and this seller

i bought it for my husband on the 21st of december for christmas, and today the 3rd of february it caught on fire and was going haywire and will not work, and i cant return it or get another one with out paying for a new one again

Other than having to use to many steps to perform some tasks and not being able to customize ringtones to individual contacts this phone is ideal for my needs.

Ordered about a week ago from Amazon. Enjoy the overall performance, using it mostly as an extra multimedia device. The headphone jack was busted on arrival, and instead of getting a promised new Droid 2, I got a refurbished phone. Good overall device though, feels sturdy. Just wished that I wouldnt have to spend $10 getting a headphone jack off eBay, and have to take apart an apparently &#34;new&#34; phone.

Great phone with great price !I have my droid 2 for almost 2 years and i really like it so i decide get the same thing for my teenage sons!

This item for lost in shopping so I never got it just really really really bad never buy this outer

I needed a phone and they shipped it same day which was very helpful for me. It worked well for the purpose that I had intended for it to get me through the months before my contract with Verizon was up! good job!

My wife has the A855 Droid.  Her's is nice, but slow.  There aren't any issues with her's at all.  I bought a used Droid 2 A955 from Amazon Warehouse.  It was 76.99$.  I am very happy with it.  Even though it's used, it looks new to me and it runs just fine.  It came with a new battery and a USB/Wall charger combo.Again, this model is faster than the 855 and I am very pleased with the signal strength and over all functionality of the phone.  I've read almost every review on this phone and there are only 2 comments I have in response to all the good and bad reviews.1.  Either people are extremely stupid and don't have any idea on how to use there hands and brains at the same time.  Or...2.  50% of the phones that are ordered are bad while the other 50% are good.  Which is a terrible ratio.I really hope it's #2, but for some reason I doubt that is entirely true.  Anyway, there is nothing wrong with the phone I ordered.  I used it as a pay by month phone and the service I get basically rides Verizon's network.I truly hope this helps someone make a choice in whether to purchase this or not.  My suggestion:  Don't buy it if all you are looking for is a touch screen.  I bought this because of the slide out keyboard.  It's heavy due to that.Cheers.

brought this in June and put it away as a Christmas present for my son. It stated it was new. When we opened the package to charge the battery, we noticed several scratches inside where the battery is seated.Once we fully charged the battery, it took a while for the phone to turn on. We activated the service for the phone. However, the  phone keeps shutting down and when we finally get it to turn back on it comes back to the activate phone screen or some other foreign looking screen(programming type graphics). I emailed the seller, Beast Deals, but still haven't received a response after 24hours

i am very pleased with my phone! it is in great shape. i will have to buy a new battery soon. the battery doesnt stay charged as well as it should, but overall it was a great buy. i received it quick.

I love my new phone its what I been looking for my internet is a lil bit slow but other then that I love this phone.

I purchased the Motorola Droid-2 phone about a month ago and so far I really like the phone. I like the features and phone seems to work very well.  I have not had any problems with the phone so far.  The keyboard works fine (virtual and slideout), I have did the recommended upgrades and everything is in working order.  My texts and emails go through just fine, and I don't seem to have any trouble receiving the texts and emails either.  Overall very good phone, I am very happy with it. I also purchased the Droid-2 for my teenage daughter at the same time and she is very happy with her phone too.  So far no problems.

Wonderful product and I received it earlier than expected. No one could even tell that the phone was used unless I told them so.

Did not match unit I asked for .was returned and I ate shipping cost. I was disappointed in the clarity between models.

I love this phone. I have had it for about a week now and it takes some getting use. This is my first smart phone. My son has to show me everything but It is very easy to learn on this one. The key board is a little harder to use because it is wider than my last one and half the time I don't even use it. I love the touch screen. It is a great phone.

The Droid 2 is a great phone to introduce you to the android world, there are some small issues, but nothing unfix-able. I reccomend Mobile Spree for a good sturdy Droid 2 ( i got mine from there).

I bought this phone in mid July.  The keyboard physical as well as virtual is not functioning currently after just 3 months of usage.  Do not waste your money on the Motorola Droid 2 or Droid 2 Global which I had previous to this phone.

I got this phone, and there was constant problems with it; they contacted me and replaced the phone. Not even 2 weeeks late that one started acting messed up. It freezes, the microphone stops working. The keyboard jumps around when you push buttons. I finally gave up with it, and now it just sits on my dresser like a paper weight!!

I was very disappointed when I received and tried to activate my two new Droid phones.  First off they were advertised and purchased as new (extra $10 over refurbished) but came in opened boxes with no packing material or instructions which is not a big deal but raised red flags as other reviewers have stated.  Second was the fact that I was not able to activate either phone because there were outstanding bills on them so Verizon wouldn't activate until the bill was paid.Returned both for refund, lesson learned.

Its a slow phone, but does what i need it to and it also freezes up a lot out of no where

I've had the phone for about two weeks now and can't complain. My only problem was with the company I bought it from. The phone was in great condition minus the fact that the battery was not able to be recognized by the phone. I had to spend more money on buying a motorola battery just to get the phone operational. This is my first smart phone and I am really enjoying it. It's not the best, but for the price and what I use it for I think it is a great purchase, just be ready for the battery.

It's a good product. I got it brand new. Everything is fine except for the battery life but I can't hate on it because thats how it is with any smart phone. Other than that its a good  phone and i recomend it!

Great product, had a couple of issues but were dealt with by seller immediately within 24 hrs. Should meet more needs than I thought I could use.

I don't understand all of the negative reviews for this phone. I noticed that some of the reviews are rating the seller they bought it from instead of the phone itself which isn't fair for this product.This was my first smartphone. I chose this one for the full keyboard. Let me tell you, this phone lasted a full 18 months until my next contract extension and then I was able to resell it to a friend and it's still going strong for him.Let me say the only problems I had with this phone. Firstly, it froze and/or powered off then powered itself back on a couple times a week. It wasn't a big deal for me. Just take the battery out if it ever freezes, put it back in, then restart it.Second problem is that the keyboard went "wonky" sometimes where it wouldn't type or wouldn't recognize inputs. After researching online, I was easily able to fix this problem. All you have to to is clear the cache. Go to Settings>Manage Apps>Keyboard&lt;then clear cache and that will solve your problem.Those are the only problems I had with this phone. I absolutely loved it. I also tried a Droid 2 Global and if you're given the choice, choose the Droid 2 instead because it is better unless you need the Global for international use.I love the full keyboard. Fast internet speeds. Easily connects to bluetooth. I was able to connect it to my computer via bluetooth which made sharing media between the 2 super easy. Ran all the apps that I downloaded.Let me recommend adding the Amazon MP3 app. I used it as my main music player because the user interface is better than the stock music player. You can add your entire music collection to your Amazon Cloud from your computer and it automatically sends them to the app on your phone which saves up tons of memory because the music is saved onto your Amazon account and not on your phone. Then when you get a new phone, you download the MP3 app to the new phone and all your music is right there. Very convenient. I literally have 2000 songs saved to my cloud so it's like having a iPod and phone all in one.Add the Amazon App Store application. You get a free paid app everyday so that I now have over 400 paid apps that I got for free easily saving me $1,000+ if I were to purchase those same apps. Like the MP3 app, the apps you download are saved to your Amazon account so that they will follow you from phone to phone which I can verify from having done it myself.And download a free browser app. I prefer the Dolphin browser but there are many other options including Firefox Mobile. The browser apps are better than the stock browser.So whatever problems other have had with the stock browser, music player, etc, etc, can be easily circumvented by following the tips I have given you. The firmware isn't great on any of the Droids I have had so far, including Droid X, X2, Droid 2 Global, and this phone. But by customizing the phone by using the app store, it's like customizing your home computer. I use Firefox browser instead of Internet Explorer on my laptop, for example.Any app that is giving you trouble, just go the the app in the settings, clear the cache, and chances are that will fix the problem. There are dozens of free touch keyboard options, too.How many electronic devices nowadays hold up over 18 months? Not many especially not smartphones but this one did. I loved it. I will continue to buy Droid phones for as long as I have cellphones. Very well made.Buy the extended battery. You will need it. Buy extra chargers for your car, work, etc, anywhere you will be using your phone.Finally, the Otterbox is the best case for this phone. I tried dozens. The screen on this phone has rounded corners so most of the cheapy cases will not fit because the screen piece pops off due to the odd shape. Buy the Otterbox.OtterBox Motorola DROID 2 Commuter Series Case

This is my first smart phone, and so far (three days) it is great.  I really love it.  I wish there was a designated number row on the QWERTY keyboard, and I wish the keyboard backlight was brighter, but overall I'm very happy with this phone.  I read lots of reviews for CDMA phones, and this was the best-rated smart phone.  And it's 3G (which is what I wanted, because that works best on my carrier, Page Plus), and a model that was several years old, so it was a fantastic deal.  I got it refurbished, so was nervous about how the phone would function, but it works great.  The screen is vibrant and beautiful, and lots of fun apps through Google Play.  I'm on Page Plus, and this phone is totally compatible.  So far I am in love with my new phone.

The phone is outdated and I've learned the hard way there are problems with the screen sensitivity and losing calls. I would not recommend it to anyone. I have since bought my son a new phone and I am using his old iphone and I'm hoping to get a full refund from the seller of this Motorole droid 2 phone.

The second day i had my phone it started cutting on and off other than that is okay i guess

Was very impressed with this transaction all around.  The phone arrived in about 3 days, was in perfect condition as stated, and works great!  Was able to activate it immediately.

Delivery of phone was faster than expected.  The description of the phone was like new and therefore paid $30 more than other "refurbished" phones available.  Unfortunately the phones speaker does not work well. Persons receiving calls find it very difficult to hear.  This is a problem with these phones and one that should have been checked before releasing it for resale.  My son is reluctant to send it back despite my recommendation.  The concern is it will get worse.  Can you hear me now? Nope.

The cellphone in which I ordered doesn't work properly after 3 days of receiving it.  When pressing the keyboard, it sends me to other apps on the phone.  It turns off out of the blew for absolutely no reason at all.

ORDERED A &#34;NEW&#34; VERIZON PHONE.  GOT IT ...CHARGED IT ....ATTEMPTED TO ACTIVATE....DROID MESSAGE SAID 'CALL US CELLULAR @ .....#......CALLED VERIZON TECH.......THEY TRIED TO PROGRAM.....THEY SAID....YOU GOT A PHONE THAT'S BEEN ALTERED IN SOME MANNER.....MY WIFE HAD BEEN WITHOUT A PHONE FOR SEVERAL DAYS...WAS REALLY UNHAPPY.  WE GOT ANOTHER PHONE FROM A DIFFERENT SOURCE AND ACTIVATED IT.IN VENDORS DEFENSE...I DISCUSSED PROBLEMS W/DANIEL ....THEY SENT OUT A REPLACEMENT.... I GOT IT IN AND ACTIVATED IT ON MY CELL LINE........SEEMS TO WORK FINE...WE'LL SEE.  I HAVE RETURNED THE BAD PRODUCT....HOPE NO EXTRA CHARGES ARE INCURRED

This phone was not sold as a OLDER Droid! This was not worth the money being paid. Not even 1 month after having this phone the Touch screen went completely out and I ended up buying another phone! This was a rip off. I would advise to the seller to STATE PERFECTLY CLEAR what is being sold and what is wrong with the product.

the camera was splotchy and had black dots all over the pictures, the phone its self was super slow and just plain aggrivating because it constantly froze up (wasnt used for internet only calls and texts)

I got this phone upgrading from an EnV3 and was so excited to have a Droid after seeing what they were capable of.  This phone has the capability of being a good paper weight and that's about it.  The slide lock will freeze up, apps will freeze and the phone has dialed my parents a few times when I'm attempting to get out of the app and into the task manage or turn off the phone to get it to stop.  Its embarrassing to yell "Dad hang up!  No, its not that I don't want to talk to you, the phone dialed you again!" and end up taking the battery out while trying to resist the urge to smash it against a wall.  I got the phone shortly after it came out and I know sometimes it takes a bit for bugs to be worked out but the first one was damaged and returned and the replacement sucks just as bad if not worse.  I regret not holding out for the HTC thunderbolt or something else.

This is my 3rd attempt with this particular model, and they have all 3 broken.  The last one I turned in as a trade to get a new Samsung.  Me and sliding key panel are all through on any phones!

I have owned this phone now for 2 years, this month my contract is two years old, but about a week ago, it stopped responding to touch, i would press and press and nothing would happen, i called the support line and they tried to help, but i could not get to the setting to make the changes, i took the phone to a corporate office where they were able to reset the phone to factory setting, but that only lasted a week and the phone was back to not responding to touch.  The phone then would start opening apps and emails and calling numbes all by its self.  It used 125,425kb in less than an hour; so needless to say, i now have to replace the phone.  Not very happy!

liars this phone takes no sim... waste of my money... n it still will not work without a sim, stupid phone, its only for verizon users

I absolutely love this phone! It is in great condition and the price was very good! I can not complain!

Phone is in decent condition. Battery over half falling off when I got it. But its doable and cheap considering. But hey it's been months and its still running

Phone came with a 45 day warranty if i wrote a good review otherwise 30 days and a warranty ph # well bad screen got replacement, next bad sensor,got replacement, next no reception, replacement no reception. Next sorry pact 45 days from order . I have the phone in a drawer at home a 90$ mistake

The phone keeps restarting on its on or can't connect to the network. It sucks. But the phone was in great conditions, it just doesn't work well. That's what I get for being cheap.

Dont understand why money wasnt taken from my account if the item was shipped yet if it doesnt shipped soon i will not be happy its quite ridiculous since my money was already subtracted from me! Not happy

I recieved my phone yesterday and it looks brand new. It has been very well taken care of. Only a few LITTLE scratches. Nothing that is real visble.

phone is in a very good condition. only a small scratch on the side..works perfectly no problem with it now... overall very good phone and service price great..

I bought this to replace my broken phone until I was eligible to get my upgrade from Verizon, it served its purpose.

I bought this phone for my son because I have had the same one for over 2 years and have had no problems what so ever with it. love the slide out keyboard and the size is just right.

Have used this phone for about 6 months. I like the option of using slide out keyboard or touch screen. Battery life short, but after downloading app to optimize and turn off apps not running not a problem now. No complaints.

piece of junk!!! battery dies if you get on the internet for two minutes if that. horrible download speed. overall piece of junk

I received this phone in good physical condition. However, the head phone jack did not work it was extremely slow and glitched. I had to reset it a few times and froze. I am very very displeased with how this it was discribed on this website and would like a refund.

The item was fine for the first day. Then after that the touch sensor stopped working and it would register that I was touching it. I couldn't return and get a full refund because apparently, 'It wasn't their fault.' I've never buying a phone from Ross Celluar again.

Its a wonderful Phone iLove it it does everything.I Love that its the perfect size and the touch screen is very responsive.

Worst smart phone ever. I haven't had it two years and I've needed 2 replacements because it keeps breaking. I recommend getting ANY other smartphone... it has to be better than D2.

This phone came in the mail and is the second one ive receved. this one is permanately in roaming mode and is all acratched up. 10/10 my a**

Worked out good, great phone and happy I got it - good person to deal with and I would buy again from him.

OK look I look at the reviews and it makes me so angry. The reason your phones aren't working is y'all download a thousand apps and expect it to be speedy . And also people get angry and throw the phones. And if your like me you turn your brightness all the way up. Which drains battery.

Great little Android phone packed with features. Paid less than $40.00 for a perfect refurbished phone that is still a contender.

Not sure how much of this is Motorola's fault and how much is Google's, but they're part of the same company now so they have no excuse now I guess. Well, the phone itself is nice - camera's decent and takes nice pictures, keyboard is fabulous and very easy to use; probably the best I've used. The performance is good too with a robust processor and 4G (at least in the version I have). Video on the phone looks awesome. The sound is decent for the phone, but the speaker isn't the best for speaking. If the phone's not positioned perfectly the person on the other end will complain that they can't hear me (this was less of a problem on previous phones).With that said, the software has a number of serious flaws that prevent me from giving this a higher review. I was used to having a BlackBerry optimized for business-type functions, so I was horrified by many aspects of the UI. For example:- Copy and paste is phenomenally awkward. It's not at all obvious how you're supposed to do it initially and it's unreasonably difficult to do even when you know. It took me at least 10 - 15 minutes to figure out even with instructions and even now I'll often opt for copying things with pen and paper.- There phone comes without a "built-in" memo app. You can download one but it's still a very careless oversight on their part.- Calls often take several steps, even once you select a number. It takes an additional step beyond what my BlackBerry took. Suppose it's a minor inconvenience, but you'd think they would optimize the UI to make what's (presumably) the primary use case as efficient as possible. This is UI design 101 and is frankly downright incompetent of the designers.- It's very difficult to take notes on calls and I still haven't fully figured this out.- The calendar app is clunky. It's too difficult to go to a specified date compared to my old BlackBerry. Also, on my old BlackBerry it was easy to type in a specific date or time for a new appointment, but on this UI you have to scroll through the times until you reach the right one. For example, the default time for reminders is 8 AM; if you wanted to set it to 1:45 PM you'd have to scroll through 5 hours until you got to 1 and then 45 minutes until you got to the right one. It takes much longer than it did on my old BlackBerry.I've done a fair number of UI designs before in my day and honestly such careless errors are probably grounds to fire their designers. Apple and RIM have a clear idea of their target audience and designed their UIs accordingly but I see little evidence that Google/Motorola thought that through.

my son,he had an apple iphone before loosing it. this is a cheep replacement. ok until the next upgrade. price was good.

I got the phone for my wife and she loves it!! It was in great condition and works perfect. This was her first smart phone. It was a good choice. It arrived early and was easy to set up. I would definitely order from this seller again.

Okay pretty much the only thing I love about this phone is the slide out keyboard. Which is why I decided to get this one. So a list of cons-it randomly doesn't allow me to see photos-they are there, but yeah I can't see them. It won't let me take calls and when I go to make a call-it won't until about 10 minutes later. Did I mention it also chooses who and when I can text? Yeah, at first I thought it was an iPhone thing, but no. It's just random. Doesn't matter how many times I try to send a text to someone that my phone doesn't like, it won't go through. So yeah I hate this phone. Plus the whole keyboard thing went screwy a month after I got it, that was easily fixed, but still.

this phone is the boom, I love the screen and the size of the screen. the pictures look  great, thank you so much for making a easy phone now.

Update: I factory reset my phone and it works much better. I am guessing that they had an app that was pre installed that made it freeze so much. I am use to a bigger screen, but for the price its good.th only reason i am giving this product two stars is because its definitely not the sellers fault.The pros: the querty keyboard is nice. The phone arrived in a timely manner and was in great shape. No complaints there.The cons: the phone freezes all the dang time. It will freeze in the middle of typing a text and just go crazy. I've made phone calls and it would freeze and it merge phone calls, call other people, hang up on the person I was talking to and I have to take out the battery to get it back to normal. It also does this while texting. Here I am, pooring my heart out at my finger tips and suddenly its going to voice command and im yelling at my phone, again taking out the battery. The apps will cause it to freeze or just not open at all. I love kindle... its my biggest reason to have a smart phone... can't use it. It freezes completely or takes forever to open.I was so sad the phone was such a bum. The price was great, but I have had several phones and this one has been the worst hands down. I hate leaving bad reviews, but I hope someone reads this and knows what they are getting into.

It is a good smart phone,  the battery that came with it would not take a charge. purchased new battery

First of all I wanted to change my cell phone for a longer battery life cell phone. I have a LG phone. The battery life doesn't last as advertised. The touchpad is really tricky and can easily select the wrong letter. Overall this pone is not user friendly and I am returning it.

i payed 35 bucks for this. Was a great deal would buy again faster then my dell xps laptop i own very nice I purchased a bigger sd card and have over 5k songs on it and use it in my car as well for mp3.  has nice audio options to boost eq as well very nice phone.

We got this to replace a Droid 1. I had wanted to get a newer model, but my wife wanted to keep the keyboard. We are also doing this off-cycle, so we did not want to spend a small fortune. The original Droid was showing its age by giving us low memory messages. The Droid 2 has enough additional internal memory so that this is no longer happening. In addition, it has a newer version of Android than the old Droid had. The screen is surprisingly clear and the keyboard is definitely improved. The additional memory means that we should no longer see the low memory error messages. The faster processor means that it performs much quicker than the old Droid.This may not be the latest and greatest, but it was the right phone at the right price for us.

i baught this phone 3 months ago. last motorola phone i will ever buy. the screen just completely stopped working one day.

Overall I like this phone. With the help of some great free apps it is very versatile. It has worked well for the time I have had it (2 months). The downside is the battery life (less than 8 hrs); weight and the fact that it is difficult (slow) to turn on and reluctant to turn off. I have tried to shut it down at night only to find it still on in the morning with the battery depleted. I don't understand why selecting SHUT DOWN followed by a confirmation that it is shutting down doesn't turn it off!

I bought this phone when it came out thinking it was awesome and after 10months went by it started going crazy and came to life. it surfs the web without me saying to. calls contacts for no reason, locks up in call so i can't hang up, freaking droid start up screen goes off every time i pop the keyboard and i've had it replaced like 6 times through best buy and all the replacement phones keep having the same problems. the last one i have the battery went bad and heated up along with my phone freezing nearly catching fire. This phone sucks.

I've been using this phone for a year now, and I'm a bit disappointed because of several bugs that persist. Overall, the phone is nice, though it's a bit slow, just like an old computer trying to run Win7. Sometimes the phone is restarting by itself, sometimes I shut it down (in a plane for instance) and the phone just switches on by itself... There's also a persistent bug with the keyboard and front icons that are supposed to lighten up when you use the phone. Very often, they actually DON'T light up and it's a bit annoying, especially when using the phone in the dark. So you have to open and close the lid a few times until the keyboard and icons decide to lighten up. Otherwise, the phone is ok. Without these bugs, it would be great, plenty of useful stuff, and even more interesting if you have a Google account.

I bought this phone expecting it to be &#34;refurbished&#34; it, however, was anything but. When I got the phone it was completely busted. Including the screen and everything.

At first i loved this phone (last year sometime) but the longer i had it the more terrible it became...I have had more than i can count problems and its just getting worse and worse...I wouldn't even recommend this phone to anyone sorry its just my opinion but ive hd this phone for almost 2 years and JUST this year along ive had it replaced three times with no prevail that the one I have now (just got like a few weeks ago) is the worst one yet...takes on a mind of its own and willl start pushing buttons and going to random things i dont wanna be on..will spazz where the whole screen freezes up and i have to pull out the battery like twice a day and restart it NUMEROUS times a day because i cant get it to stop spazzing!! And now i cant listen to my music without it being on repeat all the time and i cant turn off the repeat... Im due for a new phone in January but im getting a new one sooner because I complained enough times to where they gave in..

okay I don't know why there are a few bad comments on this seller but I actually loved the Droid 2 I got from this seller and I will do business with them again, and to the seller thank you very much, the Phone came real quickly faster than what I expected actually and I am very happy now that I got it, it has one little small problem where when I turn it off and turn it back on it boots up this clock work recovery option so I have to go to reboot system now then it restarts to normal afterwards, but over all it is a great phone I just need to figure out what I can do to make it stop booting like that, but everything is great on it oh and the camera is a little blurry but it is still a great phone I highly recommend this seller he knows how to do business.

So I bought this phone is hopes to replace my other bad one. Boy was I wrong.First off this thing will freeze all the time for no reason at all. Second the battery in this thing will burn out for no reason at all. I mean it just make it burn out for no reason at all. People just pass this phone up and sabe yourself the pain my friends.

I ordered this phone and another phone at the same time one phone Verizon kept because it was either lost or stolen this phone only worked when it wanted to so I lost money again by buying a phone over the internet wont ever do that again

i love the phone can wait to activate the phone to use it. love it so much. thank you. love the phone

Its a great phone! only problems if  you have to much going at once it restarts on you. Other wise im very satisfied.

When I first got I couldn't figure out how to use it. It said I needed to activate it and when i tried it asked for a phone number..but I found out how to reset it to factory settings. This one and my finacee`s r2d2 version. Thats the only reason I didnt rate these a 5. Other than that These phones are wonderful.

This phone has got to be the worst in existence! It restarted itself, apps were so laggy, after my contract was almost up the screen didnt work. When texting some letters would be doubled(for no reason). Screen lagged, the camera took forever to start. Youtube was extremely slow and battery life was horrible. I think I have had more problems but cant think of any now

Just like the title of this review states; this company sent me a phone with a disconnected service activation number so I wasn't even able to activate it. After contacting Verizon support and doing a bunch of trouble shooting the conclusion was met that the internal software of the phone had been reconfigured to call a different activation number other than Verizon's (i.e. Rooted/Jailbroken). I left numerous voicemails on the seller's helpline and never received a return call let alone actually ever talk to a person when I called. I honestly believe this company sends out defective phones in an attempt to get you to keep it till the 30 day return policy expires on it. Check the reviews on this phone, half are 1-2 stars and the other are 4-5. I think there's some shilling going on with this vendor...

I didn't like tha phone it was damage and it keeps cutting off and resetting itself idk y it dose it

Remember when that special present you wanted so much finally arrived?  You imagined  plans for all the fun things you and your pals could have in your hands.  You were sure you'd be doing the cool things people on tv were doing. It was a toy so fantastic it even came with all these extra bits that you could see how easy the tv people made really incredible things happen. Now, I join them! Opening the box I saw a little sticker saying in a big way I do not join them. The magics manual of teaching me the ways would not be in the box. Something even better than mine will sell itself on tv before a true manual reaches my hand: these are very scare. Scraps of paper, absent of knowledge are the trash made of a tree gone green by ignorance.

Phone came in excellent condition, charger is one from walmart so it doesn't sit right. Cant complain for price, phone freezes a little.

the phone is so slow when i have to online. it keeps going to this roaming mode and i had to call verizon to walk me through it but it took so ling because it kept saying it was a cricket. then i was informed the phone was slashed

i just ordered this phone. it will be my second of this model.  the first i bought  used.  i had the problem with the rebooting.  i switched batteries and it stopped.  the only other problem was the home button stopped working. after much research i found this is an issue going back to the first android, not just this phone. i broke the phone in the process of replacing the screen.  it was explained to me that the early androids like this are done on a grid so if a part of the screen goes bad, anything along that grid will not work. more recent phones have no grid.

my son doesn't use a phone much, but we got it because I could use the page plus card on it. He wanted a slide phone and the price was great.

I love this phone. Full keyboard is nice for me &i full touch screen. Google maps pins where i am &i where i need to be. Fb cube flips the statuses of friends so i dont have to keep going to posts. Download applications. Someone ruined my last 1 global phone so this is my replacement. I just couldnt find another phone i loved as much. No phone could ever replace my motorola global.

Physical keyboard has many keys that don't work.  Didn't come with a manual or any SD card.  I'm not impressed, but not mad.

I was nervous for ordering the phone BC of the reviews, but the phone works really good :)

as good as advertised......replaced same model, old one had liquid spilled on it and did not recover.....very satisfied with it.....

I got a Droid 2 a year and 9 months ago. For the first year I loved it. It was sleek, beautiful, fast, had great interface, etc. After that first year, I noticed it slowing down. However, I still liked it for the next few months. On the other hand, lately, my Droid 2 has become painfully slow. It freezes constantly, restarts (on its own) a few times a week. I cannot wait for my contract to expire. I would recommend this phone if you can afford a one year contract or to break a contract, but not if you have to wait out the entire two years.

It was an okay item for the  money , i don't own it anymore , I believe I bought this item for my Brother a while back .

The Drioid 2 is a perfect replacement phone after I dropped my other phone in water. It came really quickly too!

Have not had to open phone as of yet. Thanks to verizon's wonderful tech service or lack there of. I fixed my old phone and have left this one in the box for future use. If works just like the one I have I will have no problems. Was delivered fast and on time.

So i got this phone in replace of my lg ally android phone that i didnt like. so i get this phone and it is awesome, there are days where the battery will last all day long, then there are days where i use it all day and it dies bout halfway through my day, thats only happened once tho. i love this phone. idk why people have so many bad reviews. if you dont know how to work the phone dont get it. the only thing i dont like is that it had a system update and updated on its own and i was used to the way it was before the update. and i had to reset it a couple of times cuz of the keyboard doing weird things. all in all its an awesome amazing phone and i would recommend to anyone. by the way my bf has the same one

Fast delivery, there was some wear and tear but overall good. Everything that came in the package was there. No problem programming the phone. The problem? The phone only lasted ONE day. The battery was no good and neither was the charger. I had to switch back to my old BB because Verizon wanted to charge me 40 bucks for a brand new battery. I finally bought a new battery and charger through a cell phone vendor on line and IT WORKS and it cost me no more than 13 bucks! by the way I tried to use the charger received with this phone to charge the new battery and it didn't work! BEWARE DON'T BUY from this person but then again I guess you get what you paid for. I just needed a phone to get me through my contract with Verizon. I'm done with them whoring the market and forcing people to upgrade to an Android phone with more charges! This person get one star due to fast delivery!

it a Excellent phone work good you need to Buy for Real battery life not all that good 6 hour talk time

The screen does not work. After googling it doesnt seem to be an issue exclusive to me. Lots of people have this problem no one can fix it. Totally regret buying this

I like my phone, half full qwerty keypad and half touch.  The pictures come out cute. The Bluetooth works excellent. I still haven't figured out though how to forward a text to others. I live in Chicago and have Verizon prepaid service because it is cheaper than postpaid and this way I got my full keypad with a cool phone.  However, I work near downtown but not downtown in and old building and on my lunch time I like to use my cell for calls. In the basement I have to sit in a certain chair to get signal that disconnects after 5 minutes. Upstairs it works a little better.  I used to have us cellular and it worked perfect in this old building and everywhere.  My friends at work have mostly AT&T and they use the phone with no problems. I went to the Verizon store and they said they do not guarantee their networks, especially on prepay.  I believe this phone is good it is just the network that sucks for voice calls. I do not have problems texting and using the internet when I do use it from time to time at work, weird enough.

The battery life is very good on this phone. Even with internet on and facebook notifications going off all day, it still retains a good deal of battery life. I'm sure I can get at least 24 hours out of this phone with heavy use before the phone runs out of power.There is one problem however, and that is that you do get what you pay for. $70 for an amazing phone like this does come at a cost- and that is that this phone lags, glitches, and randomly reboots a lot. Not that it feels slow or anything- it's really fast when doing a task or two, but fill it up with a full arsenal of today's most popular social apps though, and you *will* feel the drag of having only 512 mb of ram. My Nokia n900 can handle a *huge* amount of simultaneous windows all open at once with no lag, and it's partly due to the fact that it has 1Gb of ram. With the tremendous weight of apps these days, 512Mb is barely enough for doing two or three things at once.It sucks living in 2014 because developers all over the world are making &#34;ipads&#34; and the latest &#34;iphones&#34; the standard for whom they develop their web pages and applications. Us stubborn folk who are stuck in 2008 are stuck with a slow laggy internet experience as a result of the sheer amount of javascript and/or ajax that they cram into everything these days.Nonetheless, I don't feel disappointed from my phone. It exceeded my expectations of what I would get for only 70 dollars. If you need something that can handle tremendous amounts of multitasking though, do your research and find a smartphone with at least 1gig of RAM and avoid anything with less.

didn't keep a charge,battery suckedpaint kept chipping off phone.not reliable at all,keyboard was hard to push up

This phone did not work so I returned it for a  full refund.  I was very dissatisfied with this item.

I had it less than a week.  I carry it in a leather belt pouch.  The casing around the usb port cracked in less than a week.  There Is a short in the keyboard and the phone occasionally starts freaking out when I use it to text.  So, I am pretty sure I will have to replace it soon.  My old droid lasted nearly three years.  This one lasted less than a month.  A P.O.S.

I returned item. It was not the phone listed as described and although it stated it was new, it did not work properly.  I am still awaiting my refund.

The description in the add was not accurate at all. And the screen was replaced . the phone stopped working in a week.

when i got the phone to begin with the battery wasn't a hundred percent effective, but i wrote a review and they contacted me about the battery. i can honestly say myself that this company and product is worth it. mainly cause the people do actually help you if anything is wrong. its the first time ive been contacted by a seller. GREAT SERVICE! thank youJRC

great phone! its perfect for me. i am not a fan of a phone that is only touch screen so this is a great alternative. im also not tech savy and this phone is easy to navigate. sadly, i damaged mine with water very quickly so the keypad comes in handy. would def get another one or something similar if i ever get tired of this one.

Works very well so far.  Only had it about a month though.  Time will tell if the slide out keyboard lasts.

Arrived timely -  My daughter needed a replacement phone for her Verizon phone in order to keep the unlimited phone package at a low price.  This worked o ut great.

I bought this phone brand new.  4 days after I got it, it would start "freaking out" for lack of a better phrase.  Usually, locking it then unlocking it solved it.  Fast forward a week.  it does this more often.  Not responding to my presses, clicking things at random, calling, etc.  It took a lot more locking/unlocking to get it back to normal.  fast forward another week, and it's now a paperweight.  Literally every time I unlock it, it goes "berserk" if you will.  I tried bringing it to the Verizon store, but they said all the phones did this, and that it was a tech problem, and that I was stuck with it.Now, it's all I can do not to throw this junk out the window, it's so frustrating.  When it works, it was alright, which is almost never.Don't waste your money.

IOverall good phone built pretty sturdy. Functioned well . exceeded my expectations for a Motorola product. I really like the stability of the qwerty board. It didn't  feel cheap like it was going to break off as the boards do on some other phones

I recently lost my Android phone and wasn't eligible for an upgrade till Oct. I didn't want to pay over $600 to get a new smart phone so I thought buying this phone would be the perfect solution. WRONG. I brought the phone to the Verizon store and the representative told me that the phone was &#34;altered&#34; (possibly jailbroken) and that it couldn't connect to the Verizon network. In the end, it just ended up being a waste of my time. Thankfully, Amazon gave me a full refund, but hopefully this review will save you from having to buy it and send it back when it doesn't work.

I like the phone, I dont love it. I had a galaxy phone and the screen and keyboard were bigger, but it is a new phone and exactly as describe, also arrived on time A + seller

I loved the phone at first...now...not even a month into it the texting is NOT working. Fine one day then completely just going haywire the next. VERY disappointed! Not sure what to do about it. May have to contact the seller and find out what the deal is. Trying to text is almost not even doable at this point. It's a big deal when trying to keep in touch with your teenage daughter...

The phone roams im MS..it also go in and out from time to time..the phones look good ...maybe its my location

when it rains for more then a few hours it starts  glitching out to where i cant use it at all

I don't know how or why you would sell a completely useless device.. It was a complete waste of time. And $ . I will never consider buying any Droid product ever again.

It was awful I owned it for two day and already wouldn't charge. It was the worst phone I have ever owned.

Would not work with verizon tried to connect tge phone it says alltel not happy at all would like to use any suggestions

My old Droid Incredible 2 died and I wanted a fill-in phone to use while I wait for my upgrade so I bought this Droid 2.  Nothing wrong with it, but it is an inferior phone in every way.  However, it works, which is more than I can say for either of my old HTC phones.

Well I bought this phone in May 2013 now Jan,2014 .screen stop working properly. This is my second Droid 2  the first one screen just went black, you could still hear ring tone just couldn't see how to answer. So I try another one and now different but still screen problem on the newest one.Doesn't recognize touch. I HATE having to get another phone so soon.

I bought this Phone for my son, and he loves it. Great Phone at a great price!  Happy with purchase!The only thing we didn't like is it didn't come with an SM card.

I got this phone through Amazon/Prime (fulfilled by Amazon) and was really disappointed. Packaging is nothing like the picture.  Came in a different box, no manual, a general non-motorola charger, and no mini-sd card.  No instructions.  The phone would not charge or boot up, ever, even when connected over 24 hours to a wall charger.  I downloaded the user manual to troubleshoot, but nothing ever worked.I believe this was a "refurb", not new, and a poor refurb at that.  I returned it right away for a refund.

I did not buy my Droid 2 off of Amazon but I have had 4 from Verizon. Everyone has had a problem! The first one shut off even though it had a full charge and never would turn back on. Verizon stores could not get it to turn on either. The other 3 I have had all have had touch screen problems. I am now outside my 1 year replacement with Verizon and they refuse to replace it again. I now have to go through the insurance company. It is not worth the $90 to get another one that will fail again. There have to be better phones out there than this one. Please save yourself the trouble!
