
I love the phone, no question about it. But as for the service.....it sucks as usual, I really do not like Net10 but if you know it's rules and pay attention to every detail (just like AT&T) with the poor customer service and track you can stay alive

I've had this phone from Net10 for a while now, well into a month. I have used it constantly, from calling and texting to browsing the web and playing the cute games on it. Now, its not the top-of-the-line phone, meaning its browsing is limited, with little picture graphics and no easy way to watch videos. However, if you want to look at the weather, it is not only available, it has a speed link in the browser for it. Sound is good, especially with alarms, music, and incoming calls. Also, like Jeff Foxworthy, its hard to get rid of a cheapo. This phone is no exception. It drops onto bathroom tiles from a good height and has no problems, while I have seen a smartphone fall from a similar  height and shatters the screen. Word of warning, though, due to the touchscreen, you may accidently launch the phone's browsing tool, which will cost you minutes.Now the only problems I have with this phone are as follows:1) While browsing, the phone doesn't have a keyboard option for typing. This is kind of irritating seeing as you can have a keyboard while texting.2) For some odd reason, the background will reset itself. This, however, was close to my renewal date for my plan, so the events may be related.3)There are only two installed themes, either cartoon or black. I don't know if its just me, but I have technical difficulties when trying to find more.In short, this is a good, cheapo touchscreen. Its loud, its versatile, and its sturdy. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone thinking of going into Net10's unlimited plan.

I highly recommend this phone to anyone.  One of the best phones I have ever owned. I even got my Mom one of these and she dumped Verizon too. She took a few weeks to get use to the touch screen, but would not turn loose of this phone now. Great phone and Net 10 service is really good too. The only thing is the battery is a little short on life, but just buy a car charger set from Amazon.I absolutely love this LG800G! It takes a little getting use to a touch screen from a flip phone, but after a while it is easy to use and great reception. I think it is so nice not having a contract and I pay $50 a month for unlimited talk, text and web.I was a Verizon customer for many years, a VERY UNHAPPY Verizon customer. (Verizon kept adding features to my contract that I did not ask for, they are too big.

Nice little phone, but I keep finding things I don't like. It has a silly screen-lock that can't be turned off and is very annoying. The phone also doesn't have call-command. It has very few APPS and they are hard to find and many don't work.

Could NOT (after specifically asking) use this phone in my area therefore, it was of no use AND I purchased a $50 non-refundable service card as well! NOT HAPPY AT ALL!!

First the phone.  The speaker quality was very poor plus the phone had the annoying habit of constantly going into lock mode which required constant unlocking even during a call.  Now about straight talk.  Rumor has it that straight talk in primarily Verizon service--partly true.  This phone works off the ATT system.  I purchased mine directly from Straight Talk and this information is not provided on their web site.  If you purchase from Walmart, phones labeled CDMA, usually found in the lower left corner of package, are ATT phones.  Phones labeled GSM are Verizon.  Not all phones are labeled however.  If a particular service is required, call Straight Talk customer service and they will advise on which phone to order.  I had to return this phone because of poor ATT service in my location.  Return policy if purchased from Straight Talk is 30 days from date of receipt to date they receive it.  With Walmart, it is 15 days.  Now about Straight Talk customer service.  I have used Net 10 for years and had great service.  That remains true for Straight Talk.  The call center is off shore but I found their English very good and extremely polite.  Their computer system is a little slow when trying to confirm order info, etc., which can be annoying and time consuming.

I bought this for my son for christmas. He love the phone it work great and easy to use. It was agreat price too.

Was as Dealer Described.  It was a replacement for wife's phone.  She likes it very much.  Took a day for her to get use to it.

I have never had a phone like this before so I was really pleased with it's function and it's ease of use. I had bars everywhere in my house, which was a definate issue before.

Net10 phones are great and plans are very affordable especially if you're not a real talker. This phone however was defective so it never worked right for me. Either that or this phone just has bad connections. Other Net10 phones that I had before has full or almost full bars because it uses Verizon's network but this phone in particular uses AT&T's network. That being said I'll let you be the judge in comparison between the 2 companies networks.

I purchased this phone for use as a backup/spare phone, in case my fancy schmancy Android phone goes out of whack. For $35, it's not too shabby. It costs $50+ with shipping anywhere else, so this was a great deal on Amazon by shopcelldeals.The touch screen is pretty sensitive, it doesn't require a lot of hard pressing unless you encounter a tiny object that needs a bit of accuracy. It uses a resistive touch screen, so it's not going to be comparable to a capacitive touch screen found on fancy touch screen phones, like Android phones and iPhone/iPod touch/iPads. I found it very surprising that the screen was so sensitive; from my previous experience with resistive touch screens, they require me to jam my thumb down on the screen to operate, but this phone had no trouble with the touch operation at all. Using the virtual QWERTY keyboard at first was a bit hard for me since I use an Android phone and an iPod touch 4G, but after getting used to the touch screen, it was easy to type.The features on this phone are quite fulfilling. There are a few smartphone-esque features on this phone, such as a home screen with widgets, a lock screen (sort of), and apps/games capability. The web browser appears to be a full HTML browser; it's easy to navigate around the web, but there is no video streaming capability (YouTube). The music player is pretty good on this device, it scans for all the songs you downloaded to the phone/memory card, and compiles them into a list. The speaker is loud and clear, a lot louder than my Android phone (10/20 volume on this phone is louder than full volume on my Android phone), so this phone is great for anyone who likes to use their phone as a boombox/stereo.The phone comes preloaded with 2 games, Container Block and Castle Defense. Container Block is quite entertaining, you have to find ways to move your container out of the area by moving other containers out of the way. I haven't played Castle Defense yet, but I'm sure it will be just as fun. You can download Java (J2ME) apps onto this phone, by either using the built-in web browser to download directly from app distribution sites, or transfer .jar files to your phone/memory card, then opening the file on the phone. You can use websites such as GetJar, MobileRated, etc. to get apps and games. The games won't be as fancy as smartphone games, but there are some classic games such as Tic Tac Toe, Tetris, and Pac-Man that you can play. I would recommend downloading Opera Mini so you can browse the web better, because the built-in web browser has a few issues with memory and doesn't have some of the features found in Opera Mini.The camera will get the job done for occasional snapshots on-the-go. It's a 2 megapixel camera, so don't expect it to take SLR quality pictures or videos. It also doesn't have an LED flash light, which is understandable since this is a low-end phone. Like any other cameras built into phones, it is horrible under low-lighting conditions, so it's best to just stick to taking pictures under bright light. In order to use the digital zoom option for taking photos, you would have to tune the size down to VGA quality (640x480). The video it records are somewhat decent; again, do not expect it to be high quality. The camera has a few settings such as brightness control, white balance, color effect, timer, continuous shot mode, night mode, etc. so you can shoot photos and videos with a few preferences.Now let's just get on with the miscellaneous stuff. The phone has common tools and utilities like calendar, alarm clock, calculator, tasks and memo pad, stop watch, world clock, voice recorder, and even a unit converter. There's two pages on the main menu, so be sure to swipe over to find the rest of the apps. The battery is a bit small, only holding 900mAh; it's not too bad since this isn't a fancy smartphone, it doesn't use as much power. The phone runs on AT&T; towers, and their EDGE service (theoretical max speed is around 240Kbps, most people only get around half of that). I get 4 to 5 bars most of the time at my house, so if you have good AT&T; reception at where you live, you're good to go. You can send and view MMS messages, so that's not a problem there. You can transfer contacts from another phone by either mashing them into a .vcf file, which is a feature found on most feature/smartphones; or you can transfer them to your phone via Bluetooth.This is a good feature/semi-smart phone for someone upgrading from another feature phone, or using it for a spare phone. It will get the job done if it fits your need, but don't expect it to be comparable to true smartphones (Android, iOS, Windows Phone, etc.)

Phone said it was a trace phone but I was able to use it with my Net10 plan,  For the price of less then $40.00 I also got 1100 minutes and 86 days of service compared to paying close to 30.00 per month for 750 minutes - what I usually pay.  I played around on the internet with it.  It was easy to use.  The numbers are a nice big size, easy to read and the text msging keyboard decent.

This is how your review will appear:1.0 out of 5 stars WHAT THEY DON'T TELL YOU ABOUT MINUTES!, June 16, 2012By Rasmussinsmoonshadow - See all my reviewsThis review is from: LG 800G Prepaid Phone (Net10) (Wireless Phone Accessory)SOMETHING THEY DON'T TELL YOU IN THE STORE!!!!You will be charged double the price per minute to text and to make phone calls on the LG800G Net10 phone. On my LG900 I was only charged 1/4 of a minute or 2.5 cents per minute for a 1 page text.....1/2 of a minute or 5 cents per minute for a 2 page text, etc. On the LG800G, I am being charged DOUBLE. 1/2 of a minute or 5 cents per minute for the first page text..1 whole minute or 10 cents per minute for a 2 page text, etc. and 5 minutes (50 cents) to download a picture versus 2.5 minutes (25 cents) to download a picture on my LG900.On my phone calls, what used to cost me 10 cents per minute, now costs me 20 cents. That would mean a 10 minute phone call is costing me $2.00. Why not stop at a phone booth and make a call. Why didn't you tell us THAT on the OUTSIDE of the box BEFORE I typed in 112 contacts. At this price I might as well go with Verizon or AT&T; or Sprint. ALSO.....WHY IS IT THAT I HAVE NEVER BEEN ABLE TO TRANSFER NUMBERS THAT HAVE BEEN SAVED IN MY SIM CARD TO THE NEW PHONE.I'M GOING BACK TO MY LITTLE NORMAL NET10 LG900 until my minutes run out. The only reason I changed is because old LG900 got fried on the seat of my truck when I left it in the sun. I take the responsibility for that. I don't blame Net10.  There's a touch phone or the next step up on Net10, but check the price per minute!Hope this helped someone!

This phone Sucks.  Do not buy.  Would buy if it was worth a dollar.  It's not fromthwhat you think.  Stay away from this piece.

This is a basic easy to use phone for someone who is not looking for a complex smartphone. The design of the phone is nice.

As my first actual cell phone I found it extremely nice, although it has MANY problems talk quality and speaker quality is quiet and very distorted. Many websites are not available to this phone which limits the amount of stuff that you can do. While app capable the apps that it could use were extremely limited. Also I found that other phones that my friends had, that were also Net 10, picked up much better that this one. It is a very small phone with terrible calibration. Even with a case it isn't very durable. Now for the price, yes it is a good phone. But you will find yourself wanting a new phone within a few months if you are like me. For a person's first phone it's great touch screens are very popular today much more popular then keyboard or normal phones. But in the end you may find yourself wanting your money back.

I have only ever had Net10 as my pone service and my last phone was built tough and I loved it.  However it was lost so I had to get a new phone.I chose this one thinking I'd upgrade to a touch screen and hey, I can snap pictures and videos too.  The part I was really looking forward too was having an actual keyboard to type with.This touch screen is terrible!  I have to deliberately push the screen hard. A regular computer keyboard is easier than this touch screen.  I never seem to click the correct key or number if I'm dialing or even the correct contact in my list.  I hate this touch screen so much I'm shopping for a new phone and will be doing more research this time before I buy.I will even be willing to go back to my normal flip phone with no keyboard and stop texting I hate this touch screen this much!

I have been looking for a cell that has the ease of allowing me to text without all the complexities of the high tech phones that my grandchildren love.  As a grandmother, I really don't need all the bells and whistles.  I just wanted something that I could communicate with my family when I'm out in my camper traveling the country.  I had one of those fancy phones with Virgin Mobile phone service.  The only ones who used the 'bells and whistles' were my grandkids and I soon discovered that Virgin Mobile was worthless in most campgrounds - where I needed it the most.  I decided to go back to Net 10 - which we had used throughout the West with no problems - and selected this phone.  I now can say I am a HAPPY CAMPER!!

This phone is easy to use. I like it to send text messages. I don't use the web browser. I am rough on the phone, dropping it etc. The screen scratches easier than I would like. I purchased screen protectors, that ended the scratches. Good phone for the price. This is my second LG800 phone, I broke the screen on the first.

Phone working great! I am pleased with the model. A good but inexpensive phone. Has all the features I want and for a good price.

I don't need a fancy phone so I picked this up and it works just fine. Not good for surfing the net but it is a good basic phone.

phone is nice. seems to work good,but ihave a hard time getting the minutes activated. i bought 750 minutes online but cant get the activation code to work...still in the thinking stage as to keep it active..i have been with sprint for 15 years and just trying to cut expenses..still not sure which way to go...jerry

The phone works fine except when you want to go online but is fine for calls and text messaging is awesome.  If they could just speed up internet it would be perfect. Dropped it three times already and so far no problems have shown up.Internet contection takes way two long and is shaky at best. Spotty all over the place. Not cool since I have wifi in the house but cant seem to use it to help , Only wish it had more games compatible with it.

Updated on 2/22/13: Net10 service stopped for no apparent reason. After calling them 5x! I finally got through to a human being. She looked into the issue for 21 minutes and then transferred me to a manager. He looked into it for another 20! minutes and then told me he can get the phone to work for now but I would have to call back again on the last day of my billing cycle or it would not autorecharge! I'm soooooo super frustrated with this company. When I said I'm very frustrated the CSR said that's ok - no worries. Their English is very poor and the comprehension is very poor.-----------------------------------------For 35.00 I expected it to be an extremely no frills phone which would be used primarily for phone calls and sometimes for texting. It does these 2 functions nicely. Other functions don't work well enough such as browsing but I didn't expect to use it for that purpose. Net10 deducts minutes for failed calls. Also if you're on the internet for 1 second (which happens in error) they deduct a full minute. I have the 750 minute plan @ 25.00 and can therefore afford to have this.

This product is what was advertised, received in the mail faster than expected, would order again in the future. The people were very friendly.

I'm not glued to my phone, so I wanted a cheaper plan, Net10 is it. Love this phone,  has all the things I wanted, text, web, touch screen, etc. small, so fits in my pocket. Great camera too.

It's the perfect phone for me.  I like the design, and it takes great pictures.  The price makes it affordable.

I've had this phone for over two years now and this is a good phone but has it's limitations.  If you intend to access the internet much like you do with your iPad or Mac, PC etc..  you'll be disapointed.  I believe this phone has the capabilities but I believe more likely the limitation is Tracfone or Net10 not allowing but certain apps to be installed.  Some of this is caused by the phone but it's what your service provide may be limiting you what you access.  I tried to load the Facebook app and it appeared to attempt to download the app indicating that it was trying.  Once I got so far (and  was at all bars at this time) and a message indicated that this service was not available.  This was during several tries over several days.  I just thought maybe that there was a network issue or something.  I've had Tracfone for several years now and went from a very simplified phone to hoping to get an ocassional access to the internet to get directions or information about a particular store.  This phone has a little more than for calling and texting works fine but if you intend to use it for straight internet browser access, you'll be disappointed unless an app will actually load as a couple have but don't count on it for dependable internet access.  If the particular app loads it may or may not work.  Other than that it's been dependable for calling or texting if you want a no contract service.

I received my phone in 2 DAYS, could not believe how fast the shipping and delivery was.  Well I have to say that after researching touch screem phones and prices, I went with the lg800g at Amazon expecially because they have the best price and due to my past experience with their vendor, which has always been EXCELLENT to say the least  This is a great little phone, I started using it as soon as I got it, was also plesantly surprise how easy it was to transfer my phone # & minutes online thru the net ten website.  To anyone still on the fence about purchasing this phone, don't hessitate if you are someone like myself who wants basic, but with perks, you can't go wrong with this choice.  As far as the other reviews which mention the phone locking up in the middle of call using a computer pront, its a little annoying, but will research online to see if anything can be done about this.

This phone is so small, it is very hard to text without touching the wrong letter,your minutes get taken for everything you do.It does have good reception ,so I guess if you just need a phone this one would be perfect.

I have had this phone for about 2 mos. I should have never bought it. You get feed back really bad when you talkand the reception in so bad and broken up you can't hear a thing. Who ever you are talking too can never understand anything from there end.  It is really bad.  Should have gone with the I-Phone.  I know it works well.  I guess you get what you pay for.  My old phone was an old Razor that I never had any problems with.  I just thought I wanted a new phone.  I would go back to the old phone before I would ever get this one again. It gets one star only because I can't give anything less.

I am extremely impressed with this phone! I can not afford, and never will be able to afford an iphone.  This phone is what I imagine an iphone to be like.  It goes on the web easily and quickly.  Great responsive touch screen. It has a camera, which I find to be sufficient.  It's an MP3 player--I transferred all my songs to it.  Great sound quality, while making calls.  This is my 1st "smart phone" and it is SUPER EASY to understand and use. Battery life has been great so far--I've had it for 3 weeks now, and have charged it two or three times. You can even download ebooks--although a very limited selection--that I have found anyways.  I bought it for $25 at a black Friday Sale, but it is EASILY worth the $50 retail price.  I'm even thinking on getting my 2 teenage kids each one for Christmas.Absolutely adore this phone!!!  Highly recommend it as a cheaper version of what I can only imagine an iphone to be!  Buy this phone--you will love it, if you can't afford an iphone:)

I bought this phone for a friend as a Christmas present.  I have one and she really liked it and she has a Net10 service.  So I ordered her one because it is very hard to find in the stores where I live.

Texting on this phone is very costly as it charges before the text is sent.  I have had to try to send the same text up to 5 times, and I am charged each time it attempts to go out.  My other phone charges after the text goes out so I am only charged once. Reception quality on the phone is also poor.  I purchased this phone to replace my other Net10 phone which is just a basic phone.  My basic phone  works better quality wise with both calling and texting.  I will be returning this phone as it has a great build up, but is extremely lacking in performance.

So far so good. Just received the phone, super fast delivery (only 3 days incl. Sunday). I transferred my phone number from my previous Net10 phone with no problems. Had my new phone working within one hour. Setup was easy and phone seems to work fine.Just one work of caution: I tried to set up my Security Code so that I could lock my phone for obvious reasons. There seems to be a factory code installed on the phone, because when I tried to enter/change the code of course I didn't know the factory code nor was it listed in the user manual (which is VERY basic). After three unsuccessfus attempts of entering a code I locked my phone and had to enter a PUK code which of course I didn't have either. I ended up going to the Net10 website wich luckily has a forum section, and apparently I'm not the first person who made this same mistake.If you've locked yourself out of your phone DO NOT attempt to unlock the phone and enter some random number thinking you'll enter the PUK code. After 10 unsuccessful attempts you will permanently lock your phone and will have to replace the SIM card. Go to the Net10 website and from there onto their forum page. You'll have to register as a member before you can request help from an admin. I received a reply within 10 minutes. They will ask you for your SIM number in a private message, but in order to reply in a private message you will have to have posted at least five new posts on any forum page. Not sure why they require such a thing, especially when you have such an annoying problem and need help NOW, but you will have to make those posts before you'll be able to send any private message back to the admin person. Once you can reply and you send that SIM number it wont take long and they will send you that PUK number to unlock your phone. They will also send you your factory security code (mine happend to be 1111), I was able to enter it and then change it to something of my choosing. Now I can safetly lock my phone. Hope this info will keep someone from making the same mistakes I made.

This LG 800G cell phone replaced a stripped-down little LG flip phone I'd had for two years or more (no camera, no bluetooth, no touchscreen)and so when the battery wouldn't hold a charge for longer than a day (on the old one) I bought this as a replacement.I have a land-line at home, so I've found Net10 to suit my wireless needs (I have roll-over minutes, and lots of them), soafter making sure I could retain that service with Net 10 on this phone, I took the plunge, and what a good plunge it was; are you kidding me? It's like night and day...IMPORTANT TIP: Net10 sends out this lame little brochure with the phone (and a wall Charger), so make sure you download the manual from the sellers website, or LG, or manuals.com.--It's the only way you'll be tutored all of the features and use it to it's potential.--It's very cool. BONUS: Amazon had it delivered to me in 2 days.LAST IMPORTANT TIPS: Contact Net10 phone Customer Service the minute you receive your new LG 800G, in order to provide them with the serial numbers to activate it. You need a new SIM card sent to you (free)-- You CANNOT USE THE SIM CARD that comes in the new phone! (Also applies to keeping your old phone number.)DO NOT,I REPEAT, DO NOT PUT YOUR OLD SIM CARD IN YOUR NEW LG800G; DAMAGE TO THE NEW PHONE WILL OCCUR!!! I read another review from a buyer who complained about Net10 changing the per-minute rate, and there's a simple solution; call them and verify what you want to do before you buy--if you have a contract they can't just change your rates arbitrarily.I think the key to all of this is to clarify your needs, verify them with Net 10, and learn the technology. Knowledge is power.

A PHONE FOR PEOPLE WHO DON'T CARE ABOUT WATCHING MOVIES.  HI TECH TOUCH SCREEN.  EASY TO USE GOOD RECEPTION ...  GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY!!!  CONS NONE...

Its okay product for the price. However there are better options out there this one was just appealing do to its low price tag. Very simple to use. Large text so its really good for older folks.

I had a more complicated phone but returned to this model due to its ease of use (my original 800G had been lost).  All I need is a way to make/receive calls, occasionally take pictures, access voice messages and auto dial frequently used phone numbers.  I cannot figure out how to delete unwanted icons from the main screen, but that is an operator issue not the phone's.  I would highly recommend this cell for anyone who wants access to basic features without a lot of complicated and extraneous options. I believe this was the last 800G from this particular supplier's inventory, so I don't know what I'll do when I get to the point I need to replace it.

I've actually been using this phone for almost a year now. It holds a pretty good charge. It is definitely the cheapest touch phone you are going to find anywhere. It would make a great starter phone for any kid or a grandparent. Pretty easy to use and understand. The only thing I hate about this phone is that it is hard to get to the dialpad when you're talking to someone, as in automated calls where you have to press numbers, but that is minor really once you get used to it. Overall, I think this phone is a great deal for the price.

Not as easy to use as I had hoped.  It takes a long time to load.  Pictures & videos are not very clear or of good quality.  Not extremely pleased with this purchase.

THIS PHONE WAS FOR MY BIRTHDAY AND IT IS COOL BUT NOT THE INTERAT IT IS OKAY BUT YOU SHOULD GET IT

Yes, it is easy to keep track of your minutes, etc....especially since EVERY SINGLE TIME you go to use it, you have to wait several seconds after the screen announces how many minutes you have left. Great feature for irresponsible kids, I guess. It is convenient for those who may only need to use it in emergencies, as I started with the $20/ 200 minute card, and they give you up to 90 days to use them up.  Rules are quite clear, and there appears no hidden small print.  Texts appear to be only 5c.  (I am going to keep buying the cards at the store, and not mess around with "auto renewal" monthly things at their site, as people here seem to complain about it, though you may save a few dollars doing it online.)Boy---if you even TRY to use the very limited internet on this phone, each attempt, if you get on or not, alerts you that some more minutes were chewed away.  Haven't even been able to check my Yahoo! email.  I click what is apparently the link, after logging on...and it resets back to the original search screen, chewing away minutes.  Sigh.I also chose Net-10 because it SAYS it rides on major carriers, and as such you get the same 10c/min. coverage, including in roaming areas....as opposed to the small print on Trac Phone, which says that if the phone is out of service area, in 'roaming' the phone will not work (!).  Alas, the one place I'd hoped I'd get signal--a building I work in on the weekends, that is notoriously bad for most cell services--it does not work in.  "Antennae" and 4 bars showing...but it states "No Service!"Largest complaint is the &%^! virtual keyboard. I have NO idea how everyone here is applauding this feature!  I'm a female, and the virtual keys are so small...I have to continually backspace to correct. I'm fussy about spelling, and I'm so tired of correcting my mistypes that I've given up looking after my spelling.  ...I'm finding myself holding it in one hand, and using one index finger only to slowly, carefully tap out a message. ...I'd type a text faster on my old 9-digit phone keypad!  Also, I find the screen not sensitive enough, despite what everyone is saying.  I click on a contact, it is then highlighted so it must have registered...yet I have to keep pounding on it. Ugh.Sound is good on this phone, though. Lots of neato gadgets and widgets you'll quickly find useful, for those like me coming from the dinosaur era of early cell phones, who are not used to such frills.  HOWEVER, what do all the camera/music/widget advantages have, if one is aggravated by the basics? I didn't buy the phone for widgets.Also, I do agree it seems sturdy.  I dropped it about three feet onto a slate slab, and it *seems* okay.  Although, the fact that I dropped it may be due to the small, sleek, slippery shape of it, which I think someone else mentioned.  Ugh--I'm ready to tape duct tape around it, to give it some grip.UPDATE: Looks like it was only with that $20/200 minute card that texts were 5c/min.  ...I now have the $25/750 minute for 30 days card, and texts are 10c/min.UPDATE: It also chews away 2.5 minutes, just for "retrieving" messages sent from certain types of technology--smart phones or whatever, I'm not savvy on what--in addition to another 1 minute for opening that same message.Continues to be exceptionally slow in response time, after tapping on virtual keyboard.  Ugh.  Sometimes it doesn't even respond, upon tapping and tapping on your selection.  ALSO, in cold weather its exceptionally bad.Often, upon loading minutes from a top-up card purchased at a store, I get a message of "system unavailable at this time" or some such thing. ...It could be several minutes...or several HOURS before I am able to add minutes to my phone!  Unreal.Yes, the "plan" is simple, but the technology sucks. Nowadays, there are competitive plans out there, with better phone choices.

Good phone for the price you can text take send pictures and videos also you can go on the internet but I haven't used that.

I think the title speaks for itself. The phone itself works well. Good speakers on it make it easy to hear. Without headphones the music play louder then I thought it would. As others have said it's "half a smart phone". I get the 750 minute for 30 day plan. Web access is limited to mobile web. But is still decent enough to check your Face book through their FB app. You can also check Gmail and the weather.The phones battery life is great to average depending on how much you use it. As a phone only, it's great. Phone plus music is good. Phone plus music and web, average. You can get a 4 gig memory card to upload your own music and take many more pictures.The camera on it works well enough. For basic photos it's works well. After taking photos you can make them your background or incoming call background etc. The video fuction is poor. I'm not sure why they even bothered with it. All in all a good phone for the $25 30 day plan. Not really worth the $50 30 day unlimited plan.

THIS CELL PHONE WORKS AMAZING I LOVE IT NO PROBLEMS YET IT'S JUST  A SMART PHONE BUT CHEAPER I LOVE THE WAY IT LOOKS AND FEELS THE BEST THING I EVER BOUGHT

I got this phone because I wanted a touchscreen and it was only $50.  Once I get past the fact the the touchscreen has a really slow response and I personally dont care for how the keyboard is setup its not a bad phone.  I switched the keyboard setting to the qwerty but then i find i have to constantly rotate my phone because it only works as qwerty when you are typing a message kind of annoying.  I would probably tell someone to keep looking for a better phone.

My husband and I only use cell phones for emergencies, communication with each other at the mall, etc., or when we're away from home.  We still rely on our landline for the most part.  This phone suits our needs because it's inexpensive, has everything we need (texting, camera, etc.), and best of all, we can use a 90 day Net10 card.

the phone works awesome and can have free apps. facebook google weather, i would never spend the money on a fancy iphone or other touch screen because i just dont do that, but for 35 bucks this phone is awesome. works great i absolutely love the phone worth every penny, i'd buy it twice

The phone is nice and the value was good... The manual that comes with the phone is so bad it is laughableNo one can learn the features of this phone from its manual and it seems to be impossible to get one.. Perhaps they don't even print oneI am pretty discussed with it

Ok so im very pleased i bought this on a Wednesday night and received it on Saturday talk about fast well me and my family were tired of contract phone because we are currently with Verizon and they are expensive so we switched when the contract ended this phone is very responsive light and stylish put in my micro Sd card from my previous phone and it immediately recognized all files texting is very easy and fast and you can even download java apps like facebook and twitter takes ok pictures and video but definitely worth the buy because i am a college student and do everything on a phone and this works just fine for me 4/5 simply because its not an iphone or android but gets the job done with a bit of class :)

I am using my Net 10 phone and it is just as good as any smart phone offered online today. You will not be disappointedfor the quality of phone calls or service provided by  Net 10.

Until you find the program that accepts your finger placement, it is a little hard to press only one button.

Good price and quality.  Haven't had it long enough to really give a good rating. The phone works really better than my old one.

I purchased this phone because I am just not in the market yet for a $80.00 per month plan (or more). Net10 offers a good deal for those of us that just don't need an expensive plan. This LG foot the bill for me. It's not a full fledged smartphone but for the 39,00 I paid for it, it's a good deal. I like the fact that most of the feature are available by using the touch-screen and the speed of which it reacts to touch is good. It does "stick every now and then)but then frees up quickly. It's a pressure sensitive screen and not heat sensitive.Pros-ease of use, touchscreen, cost, looks, sound, handwriting option works wellCons-Camera button is almost impossible to use without shaking the camera, music sound equalizer is not customizable,

This phone is good enough, for kids, for them to be able to contact home when and if they need too.

My boyfriend hardly ever talks on his phone or texts and he never uses the internet so he has switched to a Net10 prepaid plan. It works for him. He upgraded from a clamshell phone two years ago to a Blackberry style phone, but he really wanted a phone with a better camera. This one has a 2.0 megapixel camera and takes pretty good pics. He didn't want a smartphone but  he really wanted something with the newer style touch screen. Without the data plan it was hard to find a phone to fit the bill, but this one seemed OK.He has had it since XMAS and it works fine. It does sometimes seem like it takes a little longer than it should to turn on once it has been powered down, but otherwise it seems great.

Got this as a phone for my wife. Setup was easy. Didn't want the smartphone so this is a great alternative.

I purchased this phone to replace an older non-touch screen Net10 phone that had served me well for the past year. I purchased it because I wanted a camera, a calendar, and something to play my mp3's, but I abhor phone contracts. I didn't need anything too special and I'm not much of a texter, although I think this phone does well at that. I also don't have a data plan. I've had it for a few weeks, now. There are a lot of nice little extras for me that made this phone a steal at $40. I'm using hardware version 1.0, software version V10e. Here are my impressions:- Sound: Calls for me were nice and clear. Never had to push it hard against my ear to hear. It also has a speaker that has plenty of volume.- Battery: It's pretty solid. I don't make a ton of calls, but I do use the mp3 player a bit. I'd say most people will probably have to charge it every 3 days or less often. A little more often if you're constantly playing music like me.- Music Player: Sound is excellent. However, the player, itself, is somewhat primitive. Playlists are limited to 100 songs or less. So, I just play from the main library. One nice thing I liked over the iPod is you can delete songs.- Calendar and Tasks apps: Excellent. It's really easy to schedule things, you can put alarms, of course, and even schedule recurring events either daily, weekly, monthly, or annually.- Camera: The camera is easy to use, but the images suck. I won't lie. And I can confidently say it's the phone's image processing. The biggest problem is things come out blocky, although the lighting isn't too bad. It says it's a 2 MP phone, but I've seen phones with way fewer pixels that can take better images. So, this thing is more for things like catching wacky moments or taking pictures of your contacts, but don't plan on using it for special moments. It can also take crappy video, for what it's worth.- Touchpad: It's fine. It requires a heavier touch than an iPhone or Android (which we, really, shouldn't be comparing to), but once you learn to apply a little more pressure it responds well.- Look and Feel: I actually really like the look and feel. The pictures on the ad don't do it justice. It's a cartoony feel but it's pretty polished and is really fun, I think.- Text Input: This is, absolutely, the most head scratching feature of this phone. For texting, you have the option of using a full qwerty keyboard. Nice! However, for everything else that requires text input they give you a regular phone keypad. So, entering contacts is a bit of a chore. Whatever.- App screens: You have 2 screens - one for contacts and one for the apps you want to use. You just swipe back and forth to access them. Don't know how this compares with other phones in this price range.- Extra stuff that I haven't tried, yet: Bluetooth, Voice recorder, Browser- Quirks: When you make a call the phone touchscreen goes into locked mode. To unlock you can either press the power button or hold a little lock symbol on the touchpad. However, during a call once you unlock it it will lock back up after about 3 seconds after your last action. That becomes kind of annoying when you're on the phone with a computer that requires you to enter dialpad commands every 8-10 seconds (voicemail).Overall, like the title says, I don't think you can find a better bang for the buck. I've said a few negative things in the review, but despite those things this phone functions really smoothly. Some people absolutely need an Android or an iPhone. So I say go get that iPhone or Android! This phone is definitely no substitute. But for what it offers at the price and without a contract this phone will be an awesome companion.

This phone is mostly for basic use. And by basic use, I mean only for calling and very light texting. This phone looks like a smartphone but it's not. In fact, it's the worst phone I've ever had. First of all, the touchscreen is ok but sometimes it's not responsive. The virtual keyboard sucks, I prefer the keypad instead. I am a huge texter and it is really hard to text with this. Yesterday, I ordered the Samsung T401g slider phone ($16.99) which is made for texting. Now I can't wait for it to arrive!! I like the customizable homescreen and the widgets. And one thing I don't like is that some of the basic features of this phone are taken away like when you go to the calender, and you wanna make an appointment or a birthday, you have to use the numeric keypad or the handwriting feature instead of the qwerty keyboard. This also happens when you use the browser. The games that this phone comes with are very fun! And you can download the facebook app and it's pretty good. The Facebook app is a little faster than the browser. The music player is basic and good. When I first got the phone, I thought the 3.5 mm headphone jack (standard) was too small. It fits but it falls out easy. The thing I hate the most about this phone is that, it's impossible to see the screen in direct sunlight!! I've had this phone for exactly two months and it's still working very good. Overall I think this is a good phone for calling and light web browsing.

I like this phone.  It is excellent for the price I paid.  A good way to find out if I liked the touch screen before investing a larger amount of money in one.

The rating of this phone really depends on what you are looking for. If you are looking for an Android, look somewhere else. But if you are looking for something that is like a smartphone in some ways, this is the choice. Personally this is not something I would love and cherish, but if you don't want a fancy phone then this is a good idea. It has internet, texting, and you can download a facebook app. This in some ways is a more basic phone, because it cannot play Youtube videos, nor can it use wifi, and it doesn't have 3g or 4g speeds. And the thing is, it doesn't let you use the on-screen keyboard with the browser. I still can't understand why not, but trust me because of this you will get annoyed. You have to use the keypad, which is like when you dial a phone number, press 1 for letters a,b, or c. Press 2 for e,d, or f. You will find it can get quite annoying. The texting works well, and it does allow you to use the keyboard. You see, this is emulating Androids and iPhones because it has a virtual keyboard, not a slide-out one or anything like that.The facebook app can be tricky at times, and every time you use it you have to switch from the keypad to the keyboard. I don't understand why it just doesn't give you the keyboard to begin with. But maybe that is too much like an Android. There are a few useful things on this phone, like a stopwatch, alarm clock, unit converter, calculator, etc. While this may have the facebook app available, there are not many others. So if you want a phone with apps, do not get this one.Sometimes this phone can act weird, like sometimes the facebook app doesn't work, sometimes it acts weird during texting. I find that my signal goes up and down. Whenever it has all bars, it is fast. But when it has only a few bars, things are really slow. Battery life is okay, but there are plenty of other phones that get better battery life. There are a lot of cases available for this phone, which is a good thing. The touchscreen itself is okay, but not nearly as nice as an iPhone.So compared to an iPhone or any Android, this phone is a joke. But for someone who wants a cheap touchscreen, this is the one to get. The call reception is pretty good too. There are several plans available, all which you have to buy cards for. The most amount of minutes you can get is 750, but there is also an unlimited plan. But with this phone, that really seems like a waste of time. And you will find that the minutes go by fast, especially with texting.Update 5/13/2012I am so glad I switched to the LG Optimus. It may not be the best phone in the world at all, but at least it is better than this phone. I still have this phone, and I, just for the heck of it, turned it on. It's so inferior to an Android device. The minutes went by so quickly, I could never do the large amount of texting I do now. There is an unlimited plan, but why pay $50 for such a cheap device? There are plenty of far better prepaid phones out there for that amount or LESS! The touchscreen is terrible, even my Optimus has a better screen. In fact, its screen is very sensitive, I don't wish for it to be any more sensitive than it already is. But this phone, you cannot type fast, and you always have to turn the screen to use the keyboard. I would suggest you go with a slider phone instead, it is a much better option than this touchscreen. If you want a touchscreen, go with any Android from any prepaid carrier, there are some really nice ones out there, especially at MetroPCS.

Would have been a 5 star but when you go to enter your contacs, your doing it the old fashioned way, without a key board, keeping going through the letters until you get to the one you need to help spell the word. I have no idea why they did that. I personally have not put an SD Card it in yet, but I am sure it would help with the MP3 player Portion of it. The Battery life is very good.  It is compareable to the LG900G as far as that goes and I know because I have one.  I agree with the other reviewers here, if you cant afford an Iphone, then this is the next best thing. As for Texting, I find it easy to text with, like anything else, you have to take  time to get used to it, you have to do that with any phone, in the end, I reccomend this phone. I use it for my Business cellphone. I like it!

the features i like on it are shadowed by equally annoying things. searching for contacts being the most annoying because i use all the time. still pocket dials because anything can touch that part of screen for 3 seconds. not very good touchscreen. generally could be better programmed to be more user friendly

THe phone was purchased for my wife and over all she likes the phone. The one negative step using the phone when making a phone call is the phone will go into a lock mode. There is a workaround, but in the beginning it can be very frustrating. The price was great and the Net 10 $25.00 program is great and the phone is using the Sprint towers and reception is very good.

this phone is a great starter touch phone. Wish they would label what network the phones use this one uses at&t. Cannot download twitter app like it shows but you can the facebook app. My camera is starting to mess up and i have had it only 2 weeks but other than that it works well. I HATE how the phone locks in call, if you need to use the keypad its a hassle. Net 10 is to expensive unless you get the $50 unlimited. They charge $3.50 for one picture text! Crazy... All in all a good phone to get used to the whole touch screen thing. alot of ppl have problems texting but i have no trouble and love that you can choose between t9 or the qwerty keypad as i txt much faster with t9. Good value

How many ways does Net10 fail to please? Let's list them:* You will get dinged for minutes EVERY single time someone texts you, and if they send you pics of their cat (because, that's the kind of thing we all love to pay for) you will probably have as many as four minutes deducted from your account.* This particular phone is borderline disposable. Use it for about three or four months, and if you get that far - you'll be ready to upgrade.* The Net10 website for making online payments is particularly bad. Very slow loading, somewhat confusing, and - just to make things worse though by no means a deal breaker - it looks awful. I've seen better sites administered by ten-year-olds.* Just make the leap and go with another no-contract provider that gives unlimited text / talk for an add'l $10 or $15 per month, because you'll use up the $25 Net10 plan long before your 30 days are up; you'll end up spending more when all is said and done.Steer clear of Net10, there are far better no-contract plans and service providers out there.

I got the phone as discribed  and sent it back ,because iwanted Tracfone triple minutes which meets my needs better.

This phone was advertised as ''REFURBISHED''.When it arrived,it was COMPLETELY scratched up,and in VERY abused,and used condition.Item did NOT match description.Be careful what you pay for;if it sounds too good to be true,then it probably is.

I purchased the lg 800g cell phone on Wednesday the seconded day of this November month 2011, and in two days I had received it by mail. Already I am starting to enjoying this cell phone, because its a lightweight, medium size cell phone like the size of a computer mouse that's easily to fit into my pans pockets while I am are traveling in car or walking. So, come-on. I mean, this is a helluva cell phone to get. It gots a 2.0 megapixel camera video recorder that shows pretty good videos and takes pretty good pictures. Also It haves an outstanding built in mp3 player with great sound quality, and I mean great sound quality. Down load app for face book, twitter, google, ect, but as you know need a micro sd card. So, if you are on a budget this is the cell phone to get, I guaranteed that you'll be satisfied with everything this particular cell phone haves to offer.

This was my back up phone. I needed something cheap as well as something not too far out of date and this touch screen phone worked perfectly and the bill for NET10 was a great deal too.

The phone looks like it cost a lot more the $30 I paid for it. A good number of ring tones are included on the phone. The signal is stronger than other NET10 phones that I have had. The MP3 player app works well.I have had problems finding a SD card that will work with this phone, I finally purchased the  Sandisk 4GB MicroSDHC Memory Card that Amazon displays with the phone and that works fine.

Make a call it works everywhere! The only place I lose signal is my  basement. I had to go outside my house to make a call when I had Verizon. Text uses a full minute per page,Tracphone the parent company only uses 1/3 of a minute per page of text. I buy 750 minutes per month for $27. Thats a lot of chat/text time for me. If your on the phone constantly, you should go unlimited for $50 a month. Texting can be troublesome due to the small buttons on the qwerty keyboard. I use a pencil eraser to type, slow but acurate.Answering voice mail sux, call your voice mail, listen to the instructions,screan goes dark before you enter your pass code. I think an ear bud would make this easier because there is no speaker phone.I hope LG reads some of these reviews.

I have spent so long searching for a touchscreen phone that wasn't actually a smartphone. I am so glad I found this one! This is a really great phone if you just want something basic, but a little nicer than the usual basic flip-phones or 'stick' phones. I really like the touch screen, and I like that it is really small and thin. It has all the regular features that I've come to expect from a cell phone, like clock, calender, alarms, camera, calculator, games, etc. It also has a video recorder, and a voice recorder. The camera does not take very good pictures, but then again, it's a cell-phone, not a camera, who cares. I don't know about browsing the internet on the phone because I refuse to pay money for that. So basically, if you're looking for a basic phone that doesn't look totally out-dated, this one is for you! If you're one of those people who thinks they need to pay hundreds a month so that their cell phone can run their entire lives for them, well, look elsewhere.

this phone is sleek awesome and easy to use i recommend this phone to anyone who wants a good pre paid phone

This phone is not bad but you really shouldn't expect to be using the internet on it. The touch screen is not the most responsive thing in the world but it met my expectations. Buy it if you really just want a phone that won't fail you. The talking service is garbled but you get used to it. Not an iPhone but still not bad.

I bought this phone 1 yr. ago. Its quite working for me. So, it didn't last the way I expected it to. IT turns on and off constantly. So, its back to shopping for another one. This phone was good while it lasted. I had no problems with it until now. Good Phone , don't expect it to last over a yr. This one was surposed to be reburished.

when you call net 10 and you will end up calling you should ask to speak to the android department.  I spent multiple hours over many days on the phone with there help department. There favorite tactic is to tell you it will work in 24 hours.  Your phone will not work in 24 hours. You will be calling them back.  After 4 days of calling them back and being on hold for more then an hour on average each day I was told to ask to speak with the android department when I call tomorrow.If your time is not valuable and you don't need your phone to be reliable then net10/track phone may be a good choice for you.

This is an awesome phone with great features. I love the touch screen and can't wait to use it. I got it activated tonight, but it's too late to call anyone. Great price too! We are so glad that we bought 2 of these, one for my husband and one for me. Great! Net10 has 750 minutes for $25,00 whereas Verizon charged us over $120 for 1200 minutes and we never used over 1000.
