
Which is the difference between the 3 torch "2" 9810, that you have avaliable for buy? Because the price from one is lower than others, I am going to buy one and I need to know this.

The physical keyboard, extended display, touch capabilities, 5MP camera, excellent screen resolution, among others, make of the Blackberry 9810 a great business smartphone.Also, it offers fast performance, and internet browsing has been improved with the new OS 7.I like its "sexy" design.Only two minor drawbacks: battery life is less than two days, although some friends who use Android phones tell me that their phone batteries are dead after just one day. (I was used to 3 day battery life with my Blackberry Bold 9700).The other thing does not have to do with the phone itself, but with the packaging. My previous Blackberry (Bold 9700) came in a beautiful black box, giving the impression of a high quality, high end product.Unfortunately the Torch 2 packaging is fragile, not elegant at all, and gives the impression of a "cheap" phone.Anyway, this is a very minor complain, and as I said at the beginning, no doubt this is a great phone, especially for business people.

Brought this phone december 2011 and it still works great...shipment was on time and the only problem i had with the phone is that it was locked and a brought it unlocked,other than that great choice

its wasn't a brand new phone it never last one year i sorry i bought it from the you i will NEVER again buy a phone from you

Excellent product, very nice phone... I've been using it by now for 1 month and it works great... The only thing is that in my conutry (Venezuela) there isn't 4G technology...

Perfecto. El equipo desbloqueado funciono perfectamente en Argentina con proveedor Movistar Telefonica. Un exito... llegado a Argentina, inserte el chip y contrate el servicio black berry corrrsp.

i saved for one year to buy the Torch 9810 and was greatly disappointed to receive a unit that didnt work well from the get go. after almost $500 US and 6 weeks week of use - i woke up to see my new BB blank and unresponsive. unable to return it since the thirty days have past - i am very hurt and disappointed that amazon will allow companies to sell faulty products on their site. As for the Torch it has many great features and should be woth the price IF you get one that works as it should!!!

Anyone who has considered buying this phone would have definitey done their research concerning all the hardware and software so I'm not even going to get into that,all the positive reviews it has gotten is true. It's super fast and responsive. This is my first blackberry and I'm so glad that I waited for such an awesome product! I got it in whtie, by accident acutally,but I wasn't too upset because it looks feminine and very very cute. This was actually my problem with blackberry before, they simply looked like they were designed for men. Girls still want to buy a product that they can identify with their personality. This phone comes close. I understand that blackberry is more focused on what the phone can do rather than design, since there are so many competitors now, but it's appearance is still a huge deciding factor on weather I'm going to purchase something or not. Anyway, my Torch 9810 delivers what was promised, this really is a wonderful device.

Excelent... I really recommended it. Good pictures, fast and worth it.I used this outside of USA. I love it !!!

Muy buen producto... Me lo entregaron inmediato y funciona completamente... Me encanta!Ademas el telefono es realmente muy bueno... Toda la experiencia fue buena

I wish I had read the reviews here before I purchased this phone in December (Blackberry Torch 9810).  I have had nothing but problems with it. The worst one is precisely for the reason I bought it -- to sync with my outlook calendar.  It's a nightmare!  After it synched a few times, I began to get an error message. There is NO ONE in tech support. The website is about as user friendly as the phone which in my opinion is:NOT AT ALL. The store where I purchased it gave me a "12,000" step (exaggerating for emphasis) solution to the problem.  It corrected the problem for about three weeks. Now I get the error message again. This phone is completely useless to me as a scheduling device. Aside from that, the touch-screen is super-sensitive. Thus, in any moment you may find that you're the owner of a new app, unwittingly purchased by your sleeve from the Blackberry App store or some other unwanted download of something or other.  Seriously, it's so bad that even Blackberry does not dedicate any customer service resources to it. This is my first and LAST blackberry purchase ever! It pains me to write such a negative review but honestly, if I could spare even one person the frustration I deal with on a regular basis because of this phone, then it's worth every word of it.

On May 1, 2012 I ordered a Blackberry Torch 2 phone (Model 9810). The product description had stated that it was an unlocked phone. I have just discovered that this phone is in fact locked to AT&T. Consequently, I have not been able to configure my Emails on this phone, which is the primary reason for purchasing the phone. The implication is that I have not been able to use it in Africa where I am at the moment. This is very disappointing. I have purchase lots of products on Amazon for more than 4 years now and I have had very pleasant experiences with most of them, but this one is a huge disappointment.

Awesome phone! Best of both worlds w/the touch screen and keypad. Fast OS 7.1 multi-task type of phone for business as well as pleasure. 2nd best behind the Blackberry 9900 and that's because it's faster. Recommend purchasing this phone.

This is my second blackberry. My previous phone was a Bold9000 which I had for a while. I love the Bold series and contemplated upgrading to the 9780. But then the 9900 came out and I contemplated that as well. After reading the reviews on it however concerning the battery life, I decided against it. I decided to go for the 9810 instead. The specs are basically the same - 8gb, 5mp camera, touch screen/keyboard etc. So for me, there was really no big difference except the slide. Another  motivation as well was the ability to use BOTH the touchscreen AND the keyboard. I am not a huge fan of full touchscreen phones (and devices in general) and so this fits exactly what I was looking for.I have had it for a little under two months now and I am loving it. The OS7 is obviously quite different from the OS4 that my old Bold was running but it is easy to use and I figured out how to do things very quickly. The camera takes clear pictures and also has the flash option. I do not have freezing issues or anything of that sort.My battery generally lasts about 2 days. I generally use it for bbming, emailing, surfing, listening to music (off and on) and of course making/receiving calls. I cannot speak for different types of usage such as videos, games etc. For me that's good enough. I have a friend with the 9900 and by the end of the day they have to charge their phone and as I pointed out that was a major issue for me in choosing.My only issue (if it really is one) is the keyboard. It took me a while to get accustomed to it. This may be of course because I was used to the bold's keyboard which was much sturdier. Initially, I was afraid that this one would break (I know it sounds silly) but I have gotten over that now. Ok...long and short, am glad I bought this phone and would recommend it.

Totally disappointed with this phone, the phone is reassembled, is not original and has no problem with the internal card, it's a hoax I hope no more I fall, bring it to a technician and no repair, also had bad charging port, the screws were isolated when the technician did you review ...

Shiping was great and product is ok ... my only one sugestion is that UPS online support in not veru well. it should be more personal and get me solutions

I cannot stand this phone!  I had two blackberries prior to this and had no problems.  This phone was a problem straight out of the gate. Ugh.  I had the phone for less than a week and had to return it.  Luckily it was during the first 30 days.  My new phone had packaging and additional accessories that my first phone did not, so I have to wonder if they even gave me a new phone, But I digress.The only thing that this phone does consistently is CRASH.  I have been to AT&T; at least 3 times and all I get are rehearsed responses.  At&T; nor Blackberry stand by their product.  I was offered a refurbished phone but the way I see it, that is what I already have.  Sometimes the phone just flat out stops working for no apparent reason and now my caller ID will not show until I push the talk button.  I am so disappointed and angry.  I am disabled and on a fixed income so I cannot just go get another phone.  For now, I am stuck.  I do not recommend this phone.

I bought the BB Torch, my wife got an I phone, its like the differance between a Studabaker and a BMW. The BB is not only extremely un-user friendly and awkward to use (e.g. type), you have to use google to get simple info (beyond the basics) about the phone.Battery life is abysmall.No wonder BB is going down the tubes. They are simply light years from Android's or the I phone.

I bought 2 blackberry and both products have a keyboard with problems.I have the phones in Chile, please let me know how can to change this product?please contact me luisfelipequijano@gmail.com

El celular no funciona. Llego ayer,  Lo encend&iacute;, revise sus aplicaciones, recib&iacute; un texto y una llamada. Luego se apago solo. Ahora resulta que no enciende, no carga, no reacciona, no funciona con otras bater&iacute;as ni cargadores. Me vendi&oacute; un tel&eacute;fono, averiado o muerto. Que fracaso y que estafa.The phone does not work. Arrived yesterday, I turned it on, check your applications, I received a text and a call. Then I turn off alone. Turns out no light, no charge, do not react, does not work with other batteries or chargers. I sold a phone, damaged or dead. That failure and scam.

For most people, the Torch 9800 was the first decent touchscreen phone RIM brought to the market.  None of that SurePress nonsense, and the screen was actually responsive enough to be of use when you didn't necessarily want to use the trackpad/keyboard.For all intents and purposes - the Torch 9810 looks NO different than the 9800. If you put them side-by-side, I'm not sure if anyone would be able to tell which is which.  That's alright though, since RIM focused on what's really important, and that's the hardware of the phone.Updates:- The processor in the 9810 has been upgraded, same one that's in the Bold 9930 - Qualcomm Snapdragon 1.2 GHz.  There's no multi-core functionality or anything like that, but the processor upgrade definitely helps makes the Torch 2 a snappier phone.- "Liquid Graphics Technology" - the Torch 9810 is touted as having this feature too, along with most of the OS 7 phones.  Basically RIM put in a separate graphics processor to handle all the visual stuff, which again, does help make the phone seem more fluid and responsive - but don't think that means you won't see the all-too familiar hourglass.  You will at times, just not as often.- Screen resolution has been bumped up.  It used to be 480 x 360, but they've increased it to 640 x 480.  I was hoping RIM would jump on the qHD wagon and get some phones with that kind of screen resolution, but it looks like we'll have to wait a bit longer.- Updated camera software: the camera is still 5 MP, but the zoom was extended from 2X to 4X, and face detection was added to the Torch 2.  There is no front-facing camera, so doesn't look like Video Chat will be working anytime soon on a BB phone....- OS 7: nice OS, browser is once again improved.  The amount of space it takes up in memory seems to have shrunk as well - about 15% less than OS 6.  Two new business apps are included, called BlackBerry Protect and Balance. Protect allows your business to remotely monitor, configure and wipe, if necessary, a remote smartphone so when the phone disappears, your whole business life doesn't disappear along with it. And Balance separates business from personal stuff on a BlackBerry, which helps avoid the possibility of confidential data accidentally being sent to all those shady contacts.....Alright - so is it worth it??This one is honestly a judgement call - so I'll say it like this:  if you have the original Torch, you might not like it, since it feels like this is what the Torch 9800 should've been all along.  If you have an older Blackberry - you will like this.Pros:1) The upgraded hardware really helps make the phone a pleasure to use.  With the faster processor and the increased RAM size, the phone's no powerhouse - but it becomes somewhat competitive with what's out on the market today.2) Battery life gets a nice improvement:  I believe this was an OS issue as much as a hardware issue on the Torch 9800, but it seems that RIM corrected the OS part with the new OS 7 - battery usually lasts me a day, even with Pandora going.  Nice job RIM. (Good note to make: the old Torch's battery is compatible with the new Torch)3) Phone calls - hey, let's face it, the Torch is a PHONE.  It can do a whole lot of other stuff - but at the end of the day, it's a PHONE, and I should be able to make PHONE CALLS.  Never had a dropped call yet - especially in NYC.  Something I hated about the iPhone was that - especially in the city - I would lose a bunch of calls.  Never happened with this Torch.  Not yet anyway....4) 4G - RIM's first 4G phone right here.  I only experienced the speed once - near NYC.  I got around 4 MB/s down - it was beautiful.  4G service is very spotty though - at the moment, especially with AT&T.;  Should get better as time goes on.Cons:1) Battery cover: GOD, I really hate the back that RIM put on this Torch.  I don't know what they were thinking, but I trashed it as soon as I saw it.  I'll use the old Torch's cover, thank you very much....2) Same old, same old: RIM tends to get stuck in a rut when it comes to taking some chances with designs.  I was hoping the Torch 2 might have some design improvements - or at least some visual improvements, but instead, it's just more of the same.  I hope RIM gets willing to take some risk in this field soon....3) Top buttons way too sensitive: this was a problem on the first Torch too.  It was way too easy to lock your phone.  RIM, in keeping with the same design elements, also migrated this problem to the Torch 2.Bottom line: the Torch 2 is a good phone, really what the Torch 1 should've been.  If you're okay with it looking like the original Torch, then by all means - jump on this.  For the rest of you - you may want to try another Blackberry, such as the new Bold 9930 - or the Monaco, which should be coming out sometime this month.I'll update this as I use the phone more, but feel free to leave a comment or question below.  I'm here to educate, so if I got something wrong, let me know....

Although it was sold as an unlocked phone, the RIM BB System was not unlocked by the telco company (ROGERS).This happened with the two units we purchased.

I received this phone as a Christmas gift from my husband.  This phone has been giving me problems from since trying to use it.  I tried contacting amazon  who was the distributor for Addicted phones.  I was informed by Addicted Phones that they could not replace the phone or gave me an exchange because of when I received the phone.  As I said I received it as a Christmas gift, so when I received it the returned and exchange date had already passed.  According to the purchased price that I am seeing online at Amazon I should of receive a working phone.  I had a technician tried to repair the phone and they told me it's a refurbished phone that was sent to me.  I am presently seeking legal advice because I feel like I was ripped off.

Works really well the look of the phone is cute and I love it could not have choose a better phone.

I BOUGTH THIS PRODUCT A FEW WEEKS AGO BUT WHEN I RECEIVED IT I REALIZE THAT THE PACKAGE WAS EMPTY, THE BOX WHERE THE PHONE SHOULD BE IS EMPTY!

Excelente!  tiene las funciones requeridas y f&aacute;cil  manejo, me gusto el equipo. Ya tengo un mes us&aacute;ndolo y no ha presentado problemas.

Hi this is my story withi this guys:I bought this BB torch 9810 on october 7th 2011 unlocked from THIS SELLER WORLDWIDE DISTRIBUTORS, I used for 1 month here in Peru without any problem, 1 day this message appears in the main screen "PHONE NOT ALLOWED MM6" i search what was the meaning of this, ant it says that the IMEI phone was reported as stolen, lost or did not pay the bill, well I try too many times to contact this seller and finally he answers, and told me to send back the phone for refound, so I sent it back with a friend who went to the US, well, they received the phone and I wait for refound, so guess what? NEVER REFOUND A SINGLE $$$!, intead of that and without any advuse they sent a "NEW" unit, well I said, it's a new phone that they are sending, so no problem right? by that time my wife was in MIA so she bring me back the phone to PERU, and when I opende the box...THE PHONE WAS THE SAME USELESS PEACE OF....! THAT I SENT BACK FRO REFOUND!!! CAN U BELIVE IT!!!, now I have again this useless phone with the same error, and no money at all :(...PLEASE DO NOT BUY NEVER EVER FROM THIS SELLER WORLDWIDE DISTRIBUTORS, OR YOU WILL HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM AS ME!

I regret every day to have bought this phone.It is a nightmare to sync my contacts and my calendar, I have everything on my phone enter twice and I haven't find the way to fix it.Nex t time I won't buy a blackberry. I am doneEverything about this phone is complicated...i just simply hate it

Buyers beware. Bluetooth didn't/will not work with two different headsets ( Blue Ant and jabara both purchased from Amazon). It continue to say, No phone is found/ phone is found, Phone is connected/ phone is disconnected. Its AT&T branded, works so so with T mobile. . It seems some of these phones &#34;maybe&#34; defective.It continue to miss calls. Seller promised to respond withing 1 business day on the BOX for any issues but it has been 2 business day and no response to why /what i can do to fix it. Obviously poor service.  Sadly its going back. I rarely returned items but this was one of the few which deserve a trip back. I guess you get why you pay. This was a replacement for similar 9810 purchased new from T Mobile . T mobile version is 4G, this one is NOT. Sorry Breedproducts.

Blackberries may no longer be the top 'smart phones' because they don't do everything well but for what I consider their 'core' features - email and phone, in that order - they are still up there at the top. And the Torch and the Bold are the current top Blackberries. As a 'business phone', the Torch combines the best features of previous generation Blackberries with one of the best  highly graphical, 'touch' interface for its screen size. If anyone is looking for a 'phone and entertainment' device, there should be better alternatives but when it comes to email/phone productivity, the BBs are still tops.I do not plan to discuss the Torch long list of features and capabilities. They are all listed at RIM's and 100 other different sites. I will only talk about why I currently prefer the Torch vs. almost anything else (still not decided between a Torch and a Bold) as a 'business' phone even now when my employer would allow me to use other brands if I wanted to.THE TORCH ADVANTAGE- Physical keyboard - The most visible Torch feature is the sliding keyboard. This allows for a larger display when compared to, let's say, the Bold, without resulting into a larger phone. The illuminated keyboard seems to be the exact same size of a Bold's, only it becomes available when needed. This is not the only phone with a sliding keyboard but this is probably the best engineered. Sliding the keyboard in and out is quick, near-effortless and it quickly becomes second nature.- Touch screen - Not the first Blackberry with the feature but this seems to be the best on a BB so far. Yes, it's not as good as iPhone's but, for what I'm using it, it's just right. There is an on-screen keyboard which adapts itself to portrait/landscape but that's the least advantage the touch screen offers. The new Blackberry OS allows me to 'touch' just about anything on the screen and trigger... something. Gestures are also supported including 'pinch-zoom' in and out. And, related...- Buttons - Maybe this should have been at the top of the list. This Blackberry does not force me to do everything by touching the screen. Almost everything can be done by either pushing/clicking a button and controlling the cursor with the little trackpad or by interacting directly with the screen (tap virtual buttons) or a combination. Most of the time it's 'a combination' for me and it's always the way I feel most comfortable about doing things. I appreciate the ability to use physical buttons when I want it.- Email integration - This is a 'soft' feature. The Torch can integrate several email accounts, including the 'enterprise' email into one 'consolidated' mailbox while still giving me the ability to view them separately if I chose to do so.- Wi-Fi - The Wi-Fi ability saves money. My employer encouraged me to pick a plan that charges by the call. Unless it's a VoIP. Therefore, while at home or in the office, the Torch makes calls the Wi-Fi way at no cost to my employer.THE LETDOWNS[Some of the comments below may or may not apply, depending on the carrier you're using.]- The App Store - Not so good, not too many selections and a lot of 'premium' apps doing things that lots of free apps or significantly less expensive apps would do in an Android or Apple environment.-  Paid GPS and other services. GPS does not need 3G or any connection to the phone company to do what GPS does. My in-car GPS takes me from here to there, updates its maps (for free) whenever I connect it to my laptop and it gives me real-time traffic updates. And I don't pay one dime in subscriptions. GPS should be free.- Many More 'premium' Services - I understand that phone companies want to make as much money as they possibly can but competition is tough and I found no incentive to take advance of paid 'radio' or similar offers.- The Battery - Without watching movies, just a little bit of Web browsing and regular phone and mail, the Torch would need daily recharges. It would go for 2-3 days with phone and email (no browsing) only. A longer battery life would have been nice.MY RATING (4.5 stars)I will round this up to 5 stars because I am really happy with my Torch. There are some real issues when it comes to 'apps' and services other than phone and mail but, from my point of view, they don't matter to me much. Yes, the battery is a concern and at time I worried about running out of juice in a place where a recharge was no possible, but all the other 'weak' features I don't miss because I don't use them. The Torch is my 'business' phone and just about everything that impacts my business is done well.-->> Brush your teeth, it's the law! &lt;&lt;

I've been using Blackberry bold series for a long time and decided to give a try to Torch 9810. When I took it out from its box, I was amazed by its speed and screen resolution. It comes preloaded with the new Blackberry OS 7. I like the new operating system a lot. People might think that the new torch isn't that great upgrade from the previous torch. However, you will be amazed by its performance once you start using it. The touch screen is very responsive and the icons look great. It is a bit heavy device and big in hand but I like it overall. The keyboard is basically the same as the old torch. It has 8gb built-in memory which is plenty enough for me. I would highly recommend this device to anyone who is still hesitating to buy this device. My personal rating for this phone is 9 out of 10. Hope it was helpful.

Been a BB user for 10 yrs now. this is my 2nd torch; wore out the 1st and got this for the HSPDA. But overall, this is a big improvement. Screen is betterBattery life is very good - just dont' install apps that constantly need to sync - and you're fine. I'm getting a full day with 4G, wifi and BT all running, and I get over 200 emails/day, with average phone use of over 3 hours /day. There is no way I could be this productive on anything else.If you need to get work done, get this. There is no equal.If you just need this for Facebook and similar, it still works fine.

Excelente compra. El producto llego a tiempo y en buens condiciones.hasta ahora los equipos est&aacute;n trabajando excelente. Est&aacute;n trabajando con Movistar y no tuvieron ning&uacute;n problema

got the phone on time but it looks and feels used the slide was very looseand the buttons look loose as well..Will never buy a phone online again.

I would like to tell you which band 3G phone works, who is selling you! 9810 torhc 2, which is compatible carriers, or when it is free

i purchased my bb late November 11. the phone was rec'd in January as i live in trinidad, the phone worked well for the first two weeks and then never came back on. i informed ABE-123 via e-mail who advised to send it back. when they rec'd the phone they informed that the battery needed to be replaced, so they replaced it & shipped it to the address given, no one was available to collect so fedex took it back to ABE-123 who did not see it fit to contact me. weeks later they confirmed they had it in their possession and was advised to re-ship item. almost a month past and they still did not reply. amazon advised to file an A-Z claim. I paid $405.00 for the phone & the refund was $263.25, which is ridiculous. so the phone was used for 2 weeks, is like brand new & they came up with a refund like that. my view is that if it was just the battery why not send me the phone or give me back what i paid for it. my advice to any buyer is - if you are not a citizen of the US do not purchase from ABE-123, the customer service SUCKS!!!!!!!, there is a delayed response time from this seller when queries are made.

The phone works great. fast response in comparation with BB9800 it has 8gb internal memory, with IOS 7.1 you can uptated BBM and use BMM voice to call using wifi conectivity, aditional you can use the phone as internet router.Touch screen and flip out keyboard is excellent.Camera works perfect great led flash excellent photosFor me is once of the most complete BB series in comparission with 9900 seriesI loved this phone!

I decided to use my dad's phone because he wasn't too keen on a Blackberry, his first smartphone. So well, let me take this point by point, the torch 2 is an interesting phone, the design is good and so on, let me break this down for you.Features -a) 5 Megapixel Camera, a fast processor, some inbuilt memory, OS 7.0 and camera with flashb) A very stable battery life, possibly the best I've had since the original Blackberry Curvec) A "fair at best" speakerphoned) Call Quality was average, a step below all Blackberries I've used, signal is kinda choppy but that could be the network.e) The slide out qwerty keyboard gives you access to the standard blackberry keyboard. This is flimsy and opens easily.f) Light weight, easy on the eyes, nice big LED, thank god for the trackpad, the touchscreen isn't all thatPROS -a) If I were to change to an Android phone tomorrow, the first thing I would miss the EXCELLENT battery life of this Blackberry. Sometimes the phone lasted me a day and half with regular usage. It takes very little time to charge. The most annoying thing about the iPhone 4S was that the battery life (despite the software updates) kept dying for me within 14 hours irrespective of usage.b) GPS works good, I was actually very surprised but the Google Maps worked very good on this phone. Initially I found the multi-tasking easy but I like to maximise battery so I close apps that are not running and i suggest you do the same especially applications such as CAMERA, GOOGLE MAPS and BLACKBERRY APP WORLD are BATTERY-HOGGERS.c) While I have used Blackberries with better keyboards, the design of the phone makes it just about adequate for people who don't text every minute of the day. I wish the keys felt better but the manufacturer had little room to manuever with this design so they did a fairly good job.d) OS 7.0  -  Although it is a bit of a hit and miss, the OS is good until it crashes (tbc)e) Sturdy - Even though I had to go invest in a new BACK PIECE, it must have been something I did.CONS -a) This is meant to be a touchscreen phone but I would seldom use that feature because it is sub-par at best. The typing on the screen is ridiculously bad using the onscreen keyboard. sometimes things wouldn't click, sometimes while browsing I would hit the wrong button. The touchscreen is HALF BAKED.b) Tinny - earphone speaker volume - not very clear ... The Blackberry bolds have far better voice clarity.c) After about 45 days of using this phone, the software just crashed on me this morning and I didn't have a recent backup so I've lost my recent notes, recent contacts and call history including BBM.Obviously, this will make me once again consider going back to the HTC EVO or upgrading to the HTC Sensation XL.d) Limited multimedia experience. Blackberry has been unable to convert the phone into a multimedia warehouse like Apple or Google. Granted the target audience doesn't care about such things but it is very annoying for someone who wants a one stop device for all features. I've used Androids and the Apple. Apple undoubtedly has the best music player.e) I'm not an App freak but the Apps on Blackberries are a joke and Blackberry ID is very annoying. RIM is not very app focused, Palm wasn't either, maybe it's time for an Android integration?f) The menu is not as easy to scroll and configure as Android or Apple.g) The browsing experience is very average, the phone is slow, googling seems high laborious.h) Horrid Camera. Possibly the worst camera I've used among recent phones. I go through a lot of phones and the camera is bad unless the lighting is very good. I'd give the camera a 5.5/10. The 9780 has a much better lens. The various settings mode are useless. Changing the RESOLUTION makes no difference. The camera is at par with the camera on the BLACKBERRY TOUR or Curve 2 (the one with the trackball)BUYER'S DECISION MAKING  -If you are an Android or iPhone user and hate it so much for the battery life, you will like this phone but read my review again so you know what you're getting into. Everyone in India seems to have the Blackberry which is why I stuck with mine for 7 weeks but I think I'm going to do some research and invest in an HTC Android.If you are a current Blackberry user and have a trackball based device - you will like this phone.If you are a current BB user who has a blackberry curve with trackpad - Look into the Androids or the iPhoneFor me, overall, the torch 2 is more good than bad. My software crashed last night and I got the ERROR 102. This has really upset me because I lost a lot of my data. I know it is my mistake that I did not back up the data but I thought the OS 7.0 would be a step above OS 5.X and OS 6.X so I never bothered.This was my first touchscreen Blackberry but the slider always keeps opening when it's in my pocket. I am somehow not comfortable with the design and feel the blues when I hold the 9780.Perhaps you should check the 9780 / 9790 if you need to keep a blackberry. The Bolds are always the most stable BLACKBERRIES I am now noticing.

I just received my new Blackberry 9810 a couple of days ago. It's a belated arrival as this was supposed to be my xmas gift and was a bit late... but nevermind, that's another story.After two days with the thing I'm surprised at how intuitive and fully featured it is. With my Android, if you wanted to do anything you needed to find an app that does it. If your specific email account company doesn't have an app, you're screwed. When I first got my BB I looked and looked for an app for my various email accounts, only to find... it's all built-in, right out of the box.If your Android doesn't do something you like, you have to find some app in the OS that you have to solve your problem, and it still might not work. With this phone, nearly everything I can think of is either laid out intuitively or there's a special command built-in that solves it. I feel I have so much control over this tool as it gives me nearly every conceivable option, and not the idiot-proofing that goes for Android.The phone is fast, responsive, and a perfect work tool with a ridiculous amount of built-in functions. I also love the fact that this touch Blackberry has retained things like a hang-up button, which my touch Android (with slide-out keyboard too) did not. I love the attention to detail that went into this phone. I've never owned a Blackberry before, and I can't see any way of going back now. Also the audio quality is superb. So many smartphones fail at being first and foremost a phone... not this one.Regarding the physical interface, I love how the engineers who created it gave so many options to the user on how to interface with their smartphone. Despite it being a fully touch device, the trackpad is there where accuracy is needed. For short texts you might want to use the virtual keyboard, but for longer texts and for more accuracy you might want to pull out the traditional Blackberry keypad. If you want to hang up you always have a hard-wired hangup button. I like how the designers of this phone respect their users enough to give them the choice, and not give users the finger, throw at them a virtual keyboard, and "that's it deal with it".Minor gripe, I'm not too crazy about the location of the number pad right next to the one key I need to keep pressed to enter those keys as numbers instead of letters. I later figured out how to do a numlock, which solves that. But the left alt button is too close to the edge of the keypad (which is raised), making it difficult to press.Also, coming from Android, the Blackberry Appworld... sucks. Fortunately for me, I find that most apps are useless anyway. I want a phone that works right out of the box and gives me the control that I paid for, and not having to depend on someone with computer skills to fix a ridiculous flaw in the original package.The more I use this phone, the more I learn of newer ways my supposedly more modern and definitely more popular Android was so backwards, featureless, inflexible, and limited.SUMMARYOther than such minor teething pains, I love this phone and would recommend it to anyone who's looking for a high-end fully featured smartphone. It comes with many more ways of controlling your smartphone, so perhaps for some people it might be overwhelming (but not for me); where Apple's philosophy is "less is more", to me less is always less. Anyway, it does feel a bit stupid to be so gushing over just a small piece of technology, but when you finally get the right tool for the job it's hard to resist. To me this phone is the best kept secret on the smartphone marketplace.

(while this review was written about the T-Mobile version of this phone, I do not believe that are differences between the two carrier versions, with the exception of UMA, a.k.a. WiFi Calling, only supported by T-Mobile)Update 5/8/2014: It is still going strong, but I've just relegated this Torch to "backup Blackberry", and replaced it with a (refurbished) T-Mobile Blackberry Z10.Original review:I love my new Torch, beginning with the slide-under keyboard - the keyboard in my Bold 9700 eventually wore out because I slid it in and out of its belt holster a dozen times a day, from December 2009 through April 2012, it was my primary phone all that time. It traveled around the world with me several times in that period, when I discovered that Blackberry handsets even let you roam 3G in Japan - not something any other handset commonly available from an American carrier could do, in 2010, when I first turned it on at Tokyo Narita Airport. But with that, the slide-under keyboard, and the larger touch screen, I am very happy with this Torch. It is very sturdy, too, due to its metal casing and sliding mechanism. Because the sliding keyboard will never rub up against anything, this Blackberry is the best thing since sliced bread, for Blackberry aficionados. If you've never used a Blackberry before, perhaps this is one you should try, since it has the touch screen keyboard as well, so you never need to use the slide if you don't want to, or if you just want to sit in Starbuck$ looking like you know what you're doing.Most carriers will let you exchange the handset for another if you do that within the week, should you decide you don't like it. And there really is not a huge difference between the AT&T; Wireless 9810 and the T-Mobile 9810, except for T-Mobile's "WiFi Calling", known to us techies as "UMA", which lets you make calls and use data over a WiFi connection, when you're inside a building where service is blocked, or at home, or in locales where there is no cellular service, if you subscribe to this it gives you free minutes and data. Not new, UMA has been available in the US since 2007. I use it all over the world, free WiFi is everywhere these days, from Starbucks in Beijing to your bed 'n breakfast in Patagonia.As I've said, reviewing phones, in terms of comparing them, is increasingly impossible. They simply have too much functionality, too many capabilities, for a comparison by a reviewer who has played with the thing for a week to be meaningful. In that respect, the user reviews at carrier and vendor sites are more useful. Even there, though, there is a lot of reading between the lines to be done, and as is the case with most phones and computers, weeding out the "reviews" from many users that don't run the basic setup and update routines prior to use is a necessity. Reading up on reviews of the Torch 9810 at the AT&T; Wireless site, it looks to me at least half the reviewers are in the "self inflicted" category, and remember that are "reviewers" that have never actually used what they describe. Weird, I know, but that's your internet.So all I am doing here is tell you about my experiences with the Torch, with perhaps some comparison with my old Blackberry Bold, and my other phone, a Nokia C7. Why do I have multiple phones? In a nutshell, I need my "old" East Coast mobile number to continue, but needed a local Seattle number as well. It isn't a luxury, and in fact, I tend to think that much as we have progressed to one number per person from one number per home, technology allows us to progress to one number per purpose per person - work, home, Ebay, Gramps, you name it. Dual SIM phones are available, and we can even have numbers (see Google Voice) that don't need their own handset. Something that impressed the heck out of me was the restoration of my Blackberry backup - while available for other brands of handsets, the Blackberry recovery was seamless, a Bold 9700 backup restored to a Torch 9810, without so much as a hiccup, this after the Blackberry Desktop I was using already updated the Torch OS automagically.Some other stuff I really like: Blackberry Protect, which will let me locate and wipe the handset remotely, and I just connected the Blackberry Bluetooth modem to my Sony Vaio desktop, and found, much to my surprise, that the dialup modem settings I have always had to manually set for T-Mobile aren't necessary any more, on the Torch. Why, I don't yet know, but all this with non-custom drivers is quite astonishing, although I may be in nerd territory with this, I don't really know.Highly confusing, to me, is that T-Mobile is pushing (we're talking May 2012 here) the expensive Blackberry Bold 9900, when they have the Blackberry Torch 9810 still available. Both support 4G and have a touch screen as well as the ubiquitous Blackberry keyboard, but the Torch, which is cheaper, has the slide-under keyboard and a larger touch screen than does the Bold. Other specifications, down to Blackberry's "new" 7.1 operating system, appear to be the same for both. I can only imagine that the 9810, sold by AT&T; Wireless under the same type designation, was manufactured specifically to support the AT&T; Wireless / TMO merger, shot dead in November of last year by the Federal Communications Commission. That means the phone would be able to work on both the AT&T; Wireless and T-Mobile GSM networks, which share frequencies for GSM and EDGE connectivity, but use different frequencies for 3G and 4G high speed data connections. I know T-Mobile introduced phones that have the capability, my Nokia C7, which TMO calls the "Astound", is capable of running 3G on both networks, so I'll test whether the Torch does that too - I haven't yet tested that, although T-Mobile did make a carrier unlock available to me.

Buena atencion! Y muy responsables! Como lo indican asi mismo llega. Puntualida y honestidad son los q caracterizan a estos bendedores! Precios justos, rapidez de env&iacute;o, y buena comunicacion con el comprador. Sin duda de mi parte los recomiendo al 100%

i need to know which opened bands (3G) has this phone.... thank u1900mhz???? band 8 please help me.... before i buy this bb

i have only been using my Torch2 for approx 3 weeks, however i can honestly say that it is a very positive experience. it is quite user-friendly and simple to navigate through the different applications. the camera images are of a very high quality. i am having fun learning all the different apps.

Bought this phone on August 25th, so, after more than a week playing with this, all I can say is that it's worths your money.The look of this phone is great, it's the same size as the old Torch, it weights the same too, but the gray finish is more eye catching.Inside, thanks to new processor and OS, this phone is very fast. I only had some minor problems due to an upgrade I was made trough the BB Desktop Manager, but I think these will be fixed on a future upgrade. The new OS is also very intuitive, you will not have problems accesing functions, applications or customizing your phone.The screen looks amazing, it's very clear.Another important upgrade is the camera, this is excellent, it's only 5MP but the images you take looks great. On the video side, now, you can record HD video, this is recorded in 720p.The only downside is the battery life, some times I can't end my day without charging my phone.I recommend this phone even if you have the original Torch.Update:The problem I mention before was with my e-mail account, I delete it and start setup from zero, and now everythings work fine.

I just bought a Torch 9810 and i am really pleased with my upgrade from the Bold 9700. I've watched many reviews on the device and it definitely delivers in terms of speed and fluidity. although slightly more weighty than the other models, it feels good in your hands and i don't have any issues with the keyboard......All in all a great device, would recommend it to friends

The device is excellent. The size of the screen is one of the best features, and it comes preinstalled with gtalk, Yahoo Messenger and Windows Live Messenger. The only drawback is that I had to buy another battery to carrry with me because it last less than a day if used heavily.

Uno de los mejores celulares que tuve en toda mi vida! y leas aseguro que fueron muchos.. Excelente por donde se lo mire. He tenido el 9800 y ahora &eacute;ste. Uno mejor que el otro! Lo recomiendo mucho. saludos

THIS IS A VERY ELEGANT PHONE, POWERFUL, BEAUTIFUL, BUT THIS SELLER SOLD ME A USED DEVICE, AND SAID TO ME IT WAS NEW, HE IS NOT A SERIOUS MEN. ANY WAY, IT WORK FINE IN VENEZUELA. BLACKBERRY IS THE BEST CELLULAR PRODUCER IN THE WORLD. DEAL GRABBER FRAUDSTERS, BE CAREFUL WITH THEM.

Excellent Product Blackberry Torch 2 9810 unlocked very good Congratulations Amazon Thanks again pono day greetings happy one hundred percent recommended

This phone has a horrible BATTERY LIFE!- battery life is the worst. background programs can overheat and drain your battery extremely. I lost 40% of my battery while sleeping over night from background programs and my data plan was turned off.- if your battery hits zero you can NEVER CHARGE IT AGAIN! I had my phone for 2 weeks and my battery is dead. Its a common battery issue in the model. google it if you dont believe me.

After having this phone for 2 years,I am sorry to say that blackberries are not handy,specially this one after 1 year it started losing it's buttons,they just fall off !!The only good thing about this mobile is that it has a qwerty keyboard other than this,it's nothing.Also after switching to an android device I figured out that blackberries are rip off honestly.
