
This phone worked fine only by two months of use, the processor is damaged and no exist posibility of repair it. Additionally the phone is loked for some operators here in Venezuela. lost my money.

Lo compre desde venezuela y estoy satisfecho con la compra,para los amigos venezolanos solo levanta 3G con digitel,me va muy bien hasta ahora y llego en perfecto estado.

----EDITED AGAIN TO INCLUDE: The problem, I finally established, was that my local carrier Digicel, does not actually support this model of BB. Once I changed to Movistar it worked beautifully,  and I love the phone.----EDITED TO INCLUDE: The vendor is helping me to try to sort this out with my local carrier, they are extremely helpful and courteous, so I am hopeful this may get resolved to get this working properly. I am actually very impressed with the phone, just frustrated I can't utilize all of its capabilities. I will update again as things change, hopefully for the better.----Having spent a very frustrating week trying to get this to work, I am finally admitting defeat and sending it back to the seller for a refund.Having tried all the usual things to get the BIS to kick in, including multiple battery and SIM pulls, including leaving said items to one side for ten minutes before replacing. Many attempts to resolve the problem with my local carrier, Digicel, have proved fruitless, including, my last ditch attempt to get this working - a new SIM. It still comes up with 'Registration message queued. It will be sent when data coverage is available' whenever I try the Host Routing Table.  It is beyond frustrating, because I wanted this phone due to its professional email and Docs to go capabilities. Well, now I am sending it back, and I will just settle for a data phone that works! Not one that I need to jump through 10 million impossible hoops to get to accept me. Blackberry - it is officially over between you and me - that was your last chance and you blew it!So now I have to move on with my life. Next time I will pay more and buy a phone from a local carrier, because at least then I know it will work.P.S. I hope the refund process works, as I just found out that an amazon approved seller is not necessarily bound to follow amazon's policies.

I took this phone overseas.  I am back in the US and the phone still works great.  I hate BB, but bought the phone because everyone back in South Africa communicates via bbm.

perfect!!!!but pls more organization in the BAND  i received other band!i used movistar but mi new phone working good with digitel

compre este producto y no sirve para nada es como reparado, a dem&aacute;s no me trajo la tapa trasera y el cargador no sirve, molesto con el vendedor.

check before buying works that bands your local operator. It did not work for 3G Movistar Peru.Should specify the bands he works with this phone

every thing as expected

This phone is an ideal looking phone with ok specs, the major problem is it freezes up a little tooo often.

I ordered a black international version of this phone. I received a Torch 9860 RDQ71UW Unlocked Smartphone with 3G, BlackBerry OS 7, 5 MP Camera, and 4 GB Internal Memory--No Warranty (Grey). It has a grey back on it........ It works well so far. But I would want to know if this is the international version.....

over all its a good phone, specifications, look and feel of the device lived up to expectations except for the internal memory. it boasted a 4gig  internal storage and mine came with 2.5gig. what i also disliked about it  is the fact that the battery life could be a bit better, also typing on the device is delayed.

Everything seemed excellent Lords recommend them to all buyers hope to continue so you buy another oppurtunity in to see your offer thanks

La descripcion dice:It works on frequencies 850/900/1800/1900 MHz for GSM / GPRS / EDGE and operates at frequencies 800/850/1900/2100 MHz for 3G"Pero la realidad cuando recibi mis telefos fue OTRA!!Trabaja en (1,4,8 = 2100,1700,900 MHz frequency)No sirve para 3G en Argentina por Ejemplo.

The blackberry 9860 is a wonderful piece of design, if you get used to the keyboard typing can be fast. i personally prefer using it in landscope as it makes the keypad bigger. the camera is also great.

Though, when received, the light of the two(2) buttons by the left are not showing. When received  looks exactly like new. I have been using it since and it has not develop any other problem at all. A very good value for the price.

It is a great product i would recomend others to buy it. It is a very complete phone and the price is not bad at all

I'm from southamerica, I was not sure if the device was going to work in this part of the world. It came on time, it worked great since I placed the chip into the sim card slot and I still get surprised about all the features it has. GREAT DEVICE, GREAT SUPPORT.

the bad punctuation I buy this phone only worked one day, and I get Error 102 and white screen, I am now in Argentina back to November 12 no one can fix it here I want to know how we can do to get the money or I reintegrated send another cell I will forward this by wanted to no good!!! wing need an answer soon

Compre este telefono, fui entregado en la fecha indicada, sin embargo la compa&ntilde;ia TEALCA quien me lo traeria a Venezuela se le extravio por tanto nunca llego el producto a mis manos.

I am from PERU, I want to know if it will work here, i have read that it doesn`t work here, please let me know, thanks in advance.

Like another one who bought this device I have the felling to be cheated, the description said that's works on frequencies 850/900/1800/1900 MHz for GSM / GPRS / EDGE and operates at frequencies 800/850/1900/2100 MHz for 3G, it is not a 4 band unlocked phone, it just work on 2100,1700,900 MHz , I had bought several phone in Amazons before and it is the first time some thing like this happened, I felt very disappointed about.

Blackberry Torch 9860 Unlocked Phone with 4GB Internal Memory is just what it is. Research well, this phone served me well.

Dears,The BB 9860 web description is: "The BlackBerry Torch 9860 weighs 4.7 ounces and measures 4.72 x 2.44 x 0.45 inches. Its 1230 mAh lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 6.8 hours of talk time, and up to 333 hours (13.9 days) of standby time. It runs on the 2G Network on 850/900/1800/1900 MHz GSM/GPRS/EDGE and on the 3G network on 2100/1900/850/800 MHz (bands 1,2,5/8) and 2100/1700/900 MHz (Bands 1,4,8)."But actually you sent me a BB 9860 that on 3G Network just runs on 1,4,8 = 2100,1700,900 MHz, so you made a BIG MISTAKE.In fact, what I really need is a BB 9860 that runs on 3G network on 2100/1900/850/800 MHz (bands 1,2,5/8) due to my carrier just runs 3G on 1900 MHz (Band 2).I need a REPLACEMENT, so please I will return this device to you and you send me a BB9860 that runs on 3G Networks on bands 1,2,5,6, where 2 = 1900Mhz 3G as you offer.....I don't want a refund I want what I really bought, you have to fulfill your offer.If at the end all goes well, then I would remove this negative rating.Waiting for your prompt reply.Thanks in advance

even with a very good camera, a nice screen, and a good and strong overall construction, the memory is insufficient for running a couple of apps at one time, and the phone hangs on very frecuently, it cannot manage to run the music player and the whatsap together...

I use this phone to play Pandora in my ILX (ACURA) and some times my own music on my SM card. My car also reads all of my text messages I get while I am driving. I really love my Blackberry.

El producto es excelente, apenas lo recib&iacute;  le introduje mi chip y ya estaba conectado. Funcionando en perfectas condiciones con el operador Movistar Venezuela

Upgraded from a Torch 9800 and IMHO, the 9800 is a better phone. I didnt get to physically see or hold the phone prior to buying it because no one had them in stock. I do see why it didn't sell against the Iphone. The keyboard is actually a tad smaller than the 9800 and thats saying something. The screen is nice but everything looks so small its not much of a plus. The Iphone and Droids have bigger icons and keyboards so are easier to work with. If you like the size of the Iphone then the size may not bother you, but coming from the 9800 with a Seidio skin, this thing is small. Im going to keep it because it was only $50 and free shipping, but if id had a chance to hold it prior to purchase, i probably would have passed.

good evening friend need to know if this team up 3G frequency of 1900 and I need that feature await your response.

Not a good buy. After nearly 1 year the phone keeps sticking and now it gives trouble to receive charge and to come on. I thought this was an upgrade, sadly it was not.

good phone, not the best but its ok. product a reach on time and packaged properly. just not feeling blackberries any more. soon sell it.

I was extremely disappointed to have received such a phone...it was not value for money.it works so slow and could not browse the internet without  the the wifi...I contacted my network provider to rectify the problem but to no avail....

compre este telefono celular porque es una tecnologia de excelente calidad es versatil un modelo ergonomico cumple con muchas funciones que nos sirven para desenvolvernos en este mundo tan tecnologico

I purchased this phone in January 2014 and now it hangs and freezes, the battery discharges rapidly, and requires I reset the phone frequently. I wish to return the phone but the seller only gave a 30-days warranty and the 30-days has expired.

Un tel&eacute;fono muy bueno lo recomiendo llego antes de la fecha de entrega el tel&eacute;fono llego en su caja original sellada todo en regla lo recomiendo, muy bonito en comparaci&oacute;n con las otras unidades de blacberry esta es la mejor ,desde puerto la cruz venezuela

I have this phone since January 2013 and in the third week it just froze while in use so i did a hard start ( battery pull) since then it has been rebooting on its own, sometimes while in use. I have recently noticed that it takes like 4-6 hours to get it charged and within an hour the charge diminishes. Come on this is a new phone!  I am so dissatisfied. I find it difficult to return the handset as suggested with my first complaint and be forced  to pay postage as well as be in convinced without a phone; something must be done about this.

nice telephone i have one, this is my wife. es lo mejor facil de usar les recomiendo comprar uno de estos

soy de Venezuela y compre este tel&eacute;fono el 31 e octubre del 2012 y cuando lo prend&iacute; estaba malo... no carga la bater&iacute;a normalmente tengo que cargarlo con un cargador externo y no dura nada la bater&iacute;a!!!! nadie me respondi&oacute; por esTO NO lo recomiendo me estafaron!!!

Hey I am from Trinidad and I am instrested in buying this phone, but I am a bit worried to know if it would work. Does anyone know for sure if this phone wil work in trinidad

my boyfriend bought me this phone.. i loved it for a while them the dam buttons stopped working.. what the hell am i going to do with a button less phone..!! take my advice!!! don't ever buy this phone.....

Hi :i am really disapointed because in the specification says that those cellphones will work in 3G with 850/1900 frecuencies, but it was false so i dont know how to sell these 4 cellphones i order to you ?please i need a pronptly answer i dont know what to do...

Todo bien funciona perfectamente, vivo en Venezuela y no tuve ning&uacute;n problema, fue exacto en el env&iacute;o y el celular perfecto, gracias, saludos, lo recomiendo!

el tel&eacute;fono llego en excelente estado, fue entregado a la fecha, me ha funcionado perfectamente, muy responsables gracias, muy buena empresa.

really easy to use, ligth, love the touch screen, but have to get use to it. up to date. very good price.

I have had 3 different bb models, and this one is just the best of them. It comes exactly as described by the seller, and it reached on time. I highly recommend it, buy it!!!

Hello, I choose this position because I am consent to the notable order, hoping that the same one is dedicated to the possible briefness, thank you

i was afraid to purchase it. But oh boy when i purchase it was great product, you can try it. also unlock on any network

everything they say is true...traded in my Motorola 4G for blackberry, since I am most familiar with BB  functionality...speaker sound terrible, battery terrible, intermittent pages come up..4 G is not faster on this phone..and apps are limited..

I returned this to the seller. The phone's battery life was absolutely terrible. Its not worth the $280. Better you add $40 and buy yourself a Samsung Galaxy SIII Mini like I did ;)

Worked great at first. Went to Jamaica, put in SIM card and everything was good, but a few days later phone started freezing up to the point I could no longer use it.

I bought this pone for use in Venezuela, when was shipped I tried to use but never worked, because has software problema, and the return Windows has expired....

I need to know if it works on 1900 Mhz for 3G band, the description is a little poor about this

the product arrives like the store says! no problems with the delevery and the product, good celphone, and the best thing, cheap

Excelente telefono, funciona bien en Venezuela con Movilnet y Movistar. El vendedor respondio a tiempo las consultas realizadas, por eso lo recomiendo

Muy buen telefono llego al destino antes de los esperado... solo que aca en venezuela es un equipo EDGE para movilnet y movistar solo funciona 3g con la linea digitel

I choose this phone because I like touch screen and the review seemed like a good one plus I saw my brother-in-law with one and loved it.Bought it and was disappointed when a few months after, the phone crashed and refused to reboot.I got it replaced and now 6 months after the same thing happened and when I had it checked, was told that I got a refurbished phone.I would never recommend this phone to anyone. I have other persons with this phone who are having similar problems.

muy buen producto... personas responsables y atentas las recomiendo el producto me llego antes del tiempo estimado y sin ningun tipo de inconveniente.

ES MUY MUY BUENO EL SERVICIO, LO RECIBI JUSTO A TIEMPO.  EL EQUIPO ESTA  EN OPTIMAS CONDICIONES .ME ENCANTA ,LO RECOMIENDO

IN ecuador south America the 3g doesn't worked. feel like cheated. I feel very disappointed with this bought. I made

works with 3G bands 1,2,5,6 3G only works on 3G Movilnet Movistar and Digitel NO RAISES 3G  BUT GOES WELL .ONLY HAS 2.5 INTERNAL MEMORYI BOUGHT IT WITH (AH Outlet) I RECOMEND ITI especially like this model of blackberry hahaha I love and recommend. I write from Venezuela, Puerto La Cruz.trabaja con bandas 3G 1,2,5,6 3G s&oacute;lo funciona en 3G Movistar Movilnet y Digitel NO LEVANTA 3G pero va bien.SOLO TIENE 2,5 MEMORIA INTERNALo compr&eacute; con AH Outlet Lo recomiendoMe gusta especialmente este modelo de blackberry jajajaja me encanta y lo recomiendo. Yo escribo desde Venezuela, Puerto La Cruz.

I was very exsited about this device, unfortunatly its slow, i still can't read emails (as its close on opening them automaticly) it reboot every hour and unstable!I had STORM2 BB and im considering going back to it until ill get an Iphone 4S!!!RIM/BB IS DONE!

The manuals are in french and when I start the phone I can read "SFR 3G"; so, I think that this phone come from France. It could explain his low price.Minus one star on my rate cuz I've not received the memory card

Excellent, friendly user interface, works with the three mobile telephony operators in Venezuela, both edge and 3g; functionality speakerphone calls is very useful when driving in the car, do not call the attention of both foreign friends.



hize buying this phone because my name much attention because it has many good reviews I decided to buy it is a great phone worth paying what it greetings from Caracas-Venezuela

Excelente equipo, limpio, veloz y funciona perfectamente en Venezuela, al menos en mi caso con Movilnet. El tel&eacute;fono es totalmente nuevo (no reconstruido). Solo incluye cargador universal y aud&iacute;fonos entre los accesorios. No trae estuche como otros modelos de RIM. Lo recomiendo ampliamente, es tremendo equipo.

I had one for 14 months, it was stolen and now replaced with the same model.  Its the best BB experience for me.

buen telefono funciona bien rapido en venezuela me quede con el mu practico y completo es un telefono que tiene un  sistema operatico muy complejo lo recomiendo buen vendedor

Please send me a cell phone that's works  on frequencies 850/900/1800/1900 MHz for GSM / GPRS / EDGE and operates at frequencies 800/850/1900/2100 MHz for 3G" . Compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile.  Bands 3G 1,2,5,6. Thanks

una pregunta viene con el forro de cuero que esta en la foto.a question comes with the leather jacket in the picture.

el telefono es muy bueno, con todas sus caracteristicas,llego a tiempo y esta muy bonito, lo unico malo es que en Ecuador solamente coge red EDGE, no coge ni 3G mucho menos 4G.

I got this phone for my sister because she insisted for a Blackberry (silly!). You have to be aware that this won't be a brand new phone. When I received this product it felt as if it were either a used or a re-furb unit. The outer appearance of the phone was like new, but the packaging didn't feel that way.Internals- It is indeed an unlocked (international) phone and it works on international carriers. However, it seems that the phone was not "Factory unlocked" i.e. it did not came out of RIM factory as an unlocked phone. It was presumably released as a carrier branded phone because every time I boot up the phone there was a splash screen with a carrier logo I couldn't quite recognize to be a US carrier. After a bit of research I realized it was a Canadian cellphone carrier. So, this phone was a carrier locked cellphone in Canada and had made it's way to the US where someone unlocked it. The next thing that confirmed that it was a carrier locked phone is that the Wifi hotspot feature. That option won't turn on at all, it says "Activation required". This is typical for cellphone carrier companies to disable wifi hotspot features on smartphones and even if the phone is unlocked this feature remains locked (I have faced similar situation with an AT&T; GoPhone Android phone, however this doesn't apply to iPhones). On top of that, for some odd reason my sister has to manually select networks everytime she travels, which is a bit annoying. Battery life is not great either.So at the end of the day this is a genuine Blackberry phone, used or refurb one. Not a brand new unit for sure. For this price I think it's ok, but there are other better phones out there that you can get with this money.

Excenlente producto y el vendedor muy responsable todo se dio como lo especificaba llego a tiempo y el producto en buen estado como lo describi&oacute;

This phone keeps sticking and has a terribly short battery life. I am very disappointed because I know its not a matter of the blackberry itself since my brother has one just like it. As such, I have concluded that these phones from this seller are refurbished or something. Extremely disappointed.

Muy buen equipo. Quede satisfecho. Funciona perfecto con redes 2g, 3g y 3g/4g de todos los operadores de colombiaExcelent device. It works perfectly for 2g, 3g and 3g/4g with all the colombian operators

This is the item I was looking for, it meets my expectations, slim and very usefull. Full applications updated. Thanks

Great product. Great price, Works perfectly.Shipped and received in a timely manner.No complains item as described. Fits perfectly and i especially love that its not common down here because i like to be different. Great phone

I was totally disappointed with this purchase , i paid for a NEW phone and the phone i received was clearly refurbished. A user manual wasn't even included in the box , just the phone and a charger . I was given the option by the seller to return the phone but didn't do so because of the cost + hassle . I'll will just look @ this as a Lost and a Lesson learnt .

I've had 6 phones, 4 being Blackberry phones. I have always enjoyed my prior Blackberry phones (even with the glitches) but this phone is horrible.-Poor battery life-Freezes non-stop (biggest let down)-Horrible with apps-Blacks out

bien como lo describe el vendedor llegada muy r&aacute;pida 100% garantizado  se los recomiendo muy bien  compra muy segura  de caladad

In my country the BB is like the navel, everybody has one. For messages is a good tool but I prefer it with keyboard for such case. This picture has caldad good and if the price is good worth. My main use an iphone mobil

Muy bueno el producto!  RecomendadoPosee c&aacute;mara de muy buena resoluci&oacute;n y navegador rapid&iacute;simo.Vale la pena tenerlo en mano y probarlo.

I bought this phone on November 2012, I received it last December, it worked perfectly until september 2013 (9months) when the battery got damaged, I bought a new battery and used perfectly for 3 more months, I mean until last December 18th 2013 when the phone simply did not turn on again. I went to 3 different technical services and all of them told me the phone is not repairable and this is the main problem of this model it goes off suddenly and never turn on again, this model has a problem in the logic card. So, I used the phone for 1 year only, that's not a good business at all.

Supply was timely and the phone works perfectly using a European Svc provider SIM card on an enterprise server. Met my expectations (so far).

Bought two of these from different sellers and both had issues. This one keeps freezing when the keys are pressed. Very frustrating, too expensive to ship back to the US.

the phone and its manual both  came in a form of Chinese language  had to wait on a response from the shipper to change the language , the screen quality and user interface works well with a slight glitch when it becomes to sensitive on occasion, but other than that the phone works well and connected to the network here with out any issues

This phone works pretty wellI have an international version and it is working 3g well. I live in Colombia south america.this phone works a little better than an older iphone (I had one)  but it is inferior to new iphone (my wife has it) (my perception!)It is a good improvement from other blackberry touch screencamera is ok, touchscreen is sensitive enough and fast, bluetooth is solid, it is fast navigatinglack of good applications (compared with iphone)Manuel Camacho

Nice phone, it works very good, It came with no defects and works great on my vacation. I would recomend it ..

The cell is very modern, excellent screen, the battery cable is too short in my opinion, but generally very full, a good design. I really liked

I don't know if it was my specific phone or what, but this thing refused to work. It would bug out all the time, the keyboard would freeze, and the only way to fix it would be to take out the battery. Only problem was, it would start up within twenty minutes of turning it back on. I tried a factory reset&#8212;it did nothing. I tried to return it and the customer service of the seller was unhelpful and uncaring. Do not recommend. At all.

Bought a brand new and received a used cell phone. The shipment arrived missing headphone and the battery was scratched

I bought this phone band new and within 2 days the phone start freezing up. I have 4G and the internet brower still runs slow.

great

hi men i buy you a PHONE ABOUT FIVE MONTHS AGO AND NOW THEY ARE SHIPPED WITH THE SOFTWARE THEY DONT TURN ON, I NEED TO KNOW THE PHONE HAVE WARRANTY PLEASE I WAITYOUR RESPOND TO ME THANK U

Greetings my phone but would like to acquire need to know exactly which frequency bands phone operation. specifically need to know if operating on 3G band 2 = 1900 Mhzmany Thanks.Can you tell me if this phone is RDP71UW model

the phone works great and fast and it feels nice in your hand. would recommend this product to my friends

hola buenas en realidad el telefono esta liberado solo para 3G EN DIGITEL con las demas lineas no funciona. gracias.

I bought this phone for my boyfriend and he loves it. I haven't heard a complaint from him and he has been using it for 3 weeks now. Great buy! And the service from the supplier was superb. I highly recommend buying from this supplier.

HOLA COMPRE ESTE ARTICULO Y ME LLEGO BIEN, LO RECIBI EN MUY RAPIDO EN EL TIEMPO INDICADO, ESTOY CONTENTA FUNCIONA TODO PERFECTO TIENE FULL FUNCIONES, LO RECOMIENDO, GRACIAS.

CAN I USE THIS PHONE IN ATT USA..? BUCAUSE I WANT BUY BUT I DONT KNOW IF WORK FINE ?

This provider give me a used product and separate the battery does not work this truth that I burned with this Provedor mulesto as in this caseI tell them I cheated with this product, since the phone came with the battery burned, and the device is used.

The seller did not give us the chance to choose the model of the phone: RDP71UW or RDQ71UW. If you receive the first,it only will work 3G on 2100/1900/850/800 MHz (bands 1,2,5/8). This mobile will work in Peru Ok. But if the seller send me the other model,for 3G in 2100/1700/900 MHz (Bands 1,4,8) it will be a headache because it will not work 3G in Peru. Unfortunately, until you buy, you won't be able to know which model have you bought. This is too bad Mr. Seller.Blackberry Torch 9860 Unlocked Phone with 4GB Internal Memory, Blackberry OS 7, 3G and 5MP Camera - International Version (Black)

nada que ver con el producto el celular era reconstruido no recomiendo a este vendedor es un timador , no lo recomiendo

I was so happy when i got my phone, it came in a day of ordering it. It takes pics and video well. The phone offers a lot of features. The phone works well.

recomiendo al 100 %  excelente vendedor  muy responsable y r&aacute;pida respuesta producto en excelentes condiciones totalmente nuevo tal y como lo solicite. me encanta!

It's a good phone for the price you pay.Good size, good screen, good capacity, is versatile and durable,could improve the battery life.The trouble is that many applications do not develop in the market for black berry users.

the team was not expected blackberry sent me a computer that does not lift 3G as indicated by the offer I feel cheated

Haven't had no problems so far. I used to own a previous model and always known BB is good so I just had to get this as a gift.

When I first opened it, I thought at first glance very nice and quality finish. The screen is quite large and beautiful. The WIFI is connected well and fast. The videos are detailed and beautiful. Music is sounds good. It has little internal space with a MicroSD But the problem is solved.

Muy bonito telefono y llego en buenas condiciones, muy puntual el vendedor lo recomiendo. escribo desde venezuela y es muy buen articulo

So far I'm really satisfied with this phone have had it for 2 days and cant seem to put it down.The item arrived on time and was brand new.I love the design of this phone and its been much faster than my previous blackberries .Presently  ranks at the top of my list of blackberries.One issue I have with the buyer just noticing  my phone did not come with 4 gb memory carry card as stated above so will definitely query that with the buyer.Other than that, overall I love this phone, I live in the Caribbean which still operates on an EDGE network so I am not able to determine whether the phone actually works on a 3g network

i bought this refurbished as a gift for my girl, 2 days after having the phone it froze on me so i just took the battery out and didnt tell my girl of course( what will she think &#62;? that i bought her some crap)  well one day was cold out site she told me the screen turned black. then the screens freeze 3  times more.. i had to returned it cuz she didnt wanted, and got my money back atleast.

It is an excellent device, very nice and good size, has a very nice screen and works perfectly to the touch and very quickly. I recommend it. I do not regret buying it.

RegardsFirst of all I remind you that you were describing the telephone as follows: "It works on frequencies 850/900/1800/1900 MHz for GSM / GPRS / EDGE and operates at frequencies 800/850/1900/2100 MHz for 3G" . But actually sent me a phone other than that, the phone that you sent me only works in (1,4,8 = 2100,1700,900 MHz frequency), you made a mistake because you sent is different from the frequency to 1900MHz 3G was what I really needed.I already sold the phone to get my money back, and now I would be willing to buy another again as long as you give me a discount extrordinario and send me a phone that works in bands 1,2,5,6. Where 2 = 1900Mhz 3G.If at the end of this second operation all goes well, then would proceed to remove the negative rating above five stars would qualify again.I await your response to proceed with the purchase. thanksCarlos Luis Uzcategui

This product is excelent, I am very happy. I arrive at the indicated time at my box and complies with the conditions described

I am so disappointed in this phone. After thinking its good and it starts to reboot all the time. I have to keep it in power for it not to reboot. I cant sustain that. Please tell me whats wrong with the phone.

I have an inconvenient with the phone, the Band for 3G/H+ supported by my carrier (Movistar Venezuela)thats is 2 -1900mhz is not supported by the BlackBerry 9860 (bands 1,4,8), but is supported by DIGITEL Venezuela (T-MOBILE), I think is my fault also because i had to ask the seller, but I didn't knew about the bands. this information will be useful especially for UNLOCKED Phones.Any way the phone works very well in EDGE.

This phone is ideal for those who love the touch screens as it is very fast and the graphics quality is excellent with all his power of connectivity and its current operating system.

recently bought the product because in the Product Features and Technical Details published by the seller, was as follows:"We are working on the 850/900/1800/1900 MHz frequencies for GSM / GPRS / EDGE and operates at frequencies 800/850/1900/2100 MHz for 3G."So to receive the equipment, then after a while to activate it on my local telephone company only works with EDGE and not 3G, without knowing why, and it investigates why the product is acquired only for GSM 850/900 / 1800/1900, HSDPA 900/1700/2100, ie 3G bands 1,4,8 and not all as advertised, so it is not an international version, since it does not work in the bands 1,2,5,6 , to work on 3G.Add that as of today there are no specifications in any of that information by the seller.As a matter of time until now I can write after my purchase, I known that I disagree with the product, not recommended until they are completely sure what are the characteristics of the team, because nothing will work a team of these, because its cost is very high and do not get 100% profit.

El tel&eacute;fono no es desbloqueado para todas las operadoras, en mi pa&iacute;s Venezuela solo funciona con Digitel por lo tanto no lo puedo usar porque mi operadora funciona en otra banda. Hay que estar atentos cuando vayan a comprar para saber lo de las bandas. No todos los Unlocked funcionan

Very clean, work perfect. No problems in use. receive w/ battery charger w/o headphones.  the battery found fine. Thanks for this products.

very good phone and great price for it, really a good buy and a great help to my office, thank you very much.

Great phone to start with. My children are enjoying their phones as expected and I'm happy I got what they wanted.

Es un muy buen producto y la compra garantizada. Lo compro para Ecuador 100% garantizado. Las funciones descritas y la red parav Ecuador funciona perfectamente.

amo mi tlf es 3g para digitel al princio no agancaba la camara casi llore despues todo se arreglo  .

the phone arrived in excellent condition. I tried it and it works. and is unlocked as indicated by the seller. brings all accessories and manual. thank you very much

Lo recomiendo ampliamente. Lo compre' para usarlo en Colombia y funciono' perfecto. No tuve que hacerlo desbloquear, ya viene desbloqueado para usarlo en cualquier pais. Recientemente lo use' en un viaje a Estados Unidos y solo tuve que poner una Sim de una compania de USA y funciono' perferctamente.El telefono es rapido y tiene Buena memoria para descargar aplicaciones. La pantalla tactil es facil de manejar y escribir.

incomplete, did not bring the case back, and look like refurbished, it's no a new product,  very bad product, really bad

The phone was suppose to be unlocked ,not even AT&T Customer Service could unlock it. Simply put,it was defective. I am sure not all of them are as such, I was just unlucky.

This is an excellent Blackberry all-touch phone for users that want a iPhone like experience but have to use Blackberry.  The OS is smooth and the phone does everything very well (email/data/web, pictures, etc).  I lost my phone in a swimming pool accident and loved it so much that I replaced it at no-contract pricing ($400-500).  I purchased this phone on Amazon as that replacement but came to find out that the phone is not on the frequencies stated by the seller.  It says it works on 'the 850/900/1800/1900 MHz GSM/GPRS/EDGE and 800/850/1900/2100 MHz 3G frequencies'.  However, it does not work on those 3G frequencies.  US AT&T; buyers should be cautioned that AT&T; runs on the 850/1900 3G frequencies, but this phone is actually an international version that does not.  The best you will get for AT&T; is EDGE service.I successfully returned the phone.  The Blackberry 9860 is a 5-star phone for me, but I subtracted 1 star for the seller due to the frequency mix-up.  Amazon or the seller needs to update the technical specifics.

BECAUSE HAVE A GOOD PHONE FOR HER WORK AND HAVE CONECTED CON ALL INFORMATION ACTUALLYVERY GOOD IS BEST BUY I MADE

This is a great phone for those not too serious about applications, but business and security.Syncs to Outlook, wit a big and smooth dial pad and calendar i like.I bought this phone in around May 2012 and the charging port is breaking, is theonly problem i had.

It is easy to use, it has a good response, good speed and goes really good. In Venezuela gives 3g with Movilnet. Good phone

Got this phone for a steal and the description was far far worse than the phone actually looked. There were little to no scratches on the screen and casing. The phone was unlocked and carries GSM as stated. Excellent battery life, and the resolution is far superior than the iPhone. Only draw back some apps like instagram cant be downloaded.

Hola soy de Panama en los Operadores aca en Panama usa las Siguientes Bandas para para el 3G1. +Movil-CW 850Mhz2. Movistar Panama 850/1900 Mhz3. Digicel Panama 1900Mhz4. Claro Panama 1900MhzCumple con alguna de estas, el telefono debe cumplir con UMTS 1,2,5,6.

This smart phone is really good. Its different qualities, such as the OS, the interface, the built-in camera, the wifi capabilities and its several default applications make you feel comfortable at using it. It is quite easy to configure it and you can find lots of applications to make your life easier. Its expandable memory also makes it special, as you can lean on an external memory to save information that later on you can transfer to another device. It is specially recommended if you have a BB plan with bandwidth to browse or send/receive information. The BB messenger is one of the greatest applications you'll ever find. It's light and beautifully designed.

El tel&eacute;fono me llego da&ntilde;ado, no sirve el pin de carga estoy muy molesta. son muy respondables porque el telefono me llego rapido pero da&ntilde;ado!he phone I get damaged, does not serve the load pin'm very upset. are very respondables because the phone fast but I get damaged!

Good device and looks like new, but in El Salvador just work with Digicel and Movistar the bands are not open for other carriers.

The only problem I have with this phone is that I have to occasionally restart it by taking the battery out (power button wont give a complete shut down). The phone will run slow and hangs but removing the battery and reinserting it, the phone usually works great.

I got this for my mother. She is a BB fan geek. The pictures disappear to only God knows where after being taken, it was really difficult to figure out how to make it show the contacts, and after almost a year the operating system freezes at least once a week. The seller was very prompt and I got the merchandise in good condition, but I think that BB has to reconsider a lot about this cellphone functioning.

Excelente equipo, buena resoluci&oacute;n y conexi&oacute;n a los servicios a trav&eacute;s de la plataforma Digitel... Adem&aacute;s es c&oacute;modo y pr&aacute;ctico para manipular

In the description of this item says that the phone works with GSM and 3G with the 1900MHZ band, but the product doesn't have it. So it aint gonna work for me, and returning it would be much more expensive. I'd rather selling it and buying a product in which the seller SAYS THE TRUTH IN THE DESCRIPTION.

i got the worst phone i have to wrap phone up in charger to charger so disappointed i only have it for a week now....

The  cell phone is not unlocked because it doesnt recognize my Sim card DIGITEL,  only work whith MOVISTAR sim card and the description say that the cell phone was unlocked and it's not.

I bought this phone and used it for about 3 weeks before it started to freeze. I haven't placed any pics, music or videos on it as yet which could perhaps contribute to this. If I had the opportunity to re-consider purchasing this item I would as its too early for issues in my opinion, but I live far out in the Caribbean and it costs too much (time, money & effort) to return this item. I have since sold it. Its a nice phone though...very visually appealing and user friendly...also, the company did not ship my charger initially and when I contacted their client care, even though the service was NOT "wow", the agent was efficient and I got it within a few days. I got the feeling that errors occured often as the agent didn't seem apologetic.

I bought this item based on the "international version" (I live in Ecuador), but this phone is actually enabled to work in France for SFR 3G+, this Phone doesn't work properly in the Americas and you wont be able to have 3G in any country of american continent.I'd love to return my phone, but as I mentioned before it is more expensive to return it than keep it, I'm leraning that not everything that shines is gold, at least amazon partners...

it was a us cellular phone not unlock to where I could use it with another carrier. Awful, and frustrating!

Good nigth;Excellent product and was perfect to my job and life.Thank you and recommended to you a lot.

Es un excelente equipo,  trabaja perfectamente en colombia con el operador TIGO 4G, las aplicaiones son muy estables y la imagen del camara es nitida.

Recib&iacute; la mercanc&iacute;a (Blackberry Torch 9860) a entera satisfacci&oacute;n, me siento contenta con el servicio de compra a trav&eacute;s de este medio, as&iacute; como tambi&eacute;n la responsabilidad con la que cumplen con sus compromisos. Exelente producto por lo tanto lo recomiendo a todos.Aqu&iacute; en Venezuela funciona de maravilla.

Hi, what kinds of bands has this phone, 1,2,5,6 or 1,4,8????????? thanks. I will be waiting your answer!!!! I need know this feature to buy it.

I bought this for the Mrs and as an avid blackberry user for quite a number of years I expected what I got. Great quality from a great handset. The only disappointment was the fact that there was no ac adapter, if not I would have given it 5 stars. Not really a problem as I have extra adapters which I bought for when travelling, but what of the customers who have none?

Estoy tan triste y decepcionada, lo compr&eacute; en abril del 2012 y lo recib&iacute; un mes despu&eacute;s aqu&iacute; en Venezuela y ayer se apag&oacute; y no volvi&oacute; a encender, seg&uacute;n dicen aca en los servicios t&eacute;cnicos, es que se le quem&oacute; la placa l&oacute;gica o trajo un defecto de fabrica, pues ni la PC lo reconoce.Definitivamente este modelo es maliiiisimooo, es el 2do blackberry torch 9860 que se le quema la placa de repente y no encienden m&aacute;s, no lo recomiendo y menos que hay que comprarlos sin garant&iacute;a :/

the worst phone I ever bought 6 month after I buy this phone's operating system and phone does not work but also the BB techs say they can not fix the problem to be the operating system

Good afternoon, I received the Blackberry in good condition unless the Battery since I can not load the blackberry with its battery, this to Lockdown, so I require your good offices sending a good battery to be able to use fully the Blackberry.Thank you.

Exelente telefono, es una muy buena elecci&oacute;n. Muy serio y puntual el vendedor, todo llego tal cual lo publican... recomendado

The phone itself is fine but it is not unlocked. I contacted the sellers to inform them that is not unlocked but the issue has not been resolved. so now i have a phone that i cannot use.

Este tel&eacute;fono me ha decepcionado, despu&eacute;s de menos de un a&ntilde;o de uso he notado que es s&uacute;per lento, no tengo ni un solo juego instalado, solo tengo unas cuantas aplicaciones y el tel&eacute;fono tarda mucho en precesar la informaci&oacute;n, se queda colgado y para iniciar se toma mas de diez minutos. Creo que para un smartphone la velocidad es fundamental y este no cumple.Personalmente no lo recomiendo.

Is This cell phone work in south america? I wanna buy, can somebody tell me? If it is work I will buy. It's 3g?

soy de Venezuela, Buen producto, excelente precio,  vendedor responsable, el producto me llego en 21 dias en las condiciones optimas.

the phone was great. the screen is very responsive. typing can be a little difficult on the small keyboard (full qwerty in portrait mode), touching incorrect keys due to larger screen. there are a few instances where there was a lag for no reason when running some apps. video recording in good lighting is great and picture quality is great night or day. the battery life has improved compared to my previous bb storm, giving me 15 hrs with light browsing, no video recording/streaming, little or no camera use, moderate to heavy calling and texting; ten hrs heavy use, video streaming, video recording/camera use etc.  the phone has a stylish look and feel, overall I would recommend this phone to anyone.

Phone was for AT & T network and I am on Verizon had to return it.  It worked great, just could not get it hooked up toVerizon.

muy buen tel&eacute;fono, a muy buen precio, lo traje a mi pa&iacute;s Ecuador donde los precios de los telefonos celulares est&aacute;n por las nubes por culpa del gobierno

Excelente, vivo en Venezuela el equipo llego tal cual lo indican y en perfactas condiciones, completamente nuevo y funciona muy bien lo recomiendo al 100%

Es un excelente aparato, funciona perfectamente con movistar Venezuela, buen tama&ntilde;o, la pantalla funciona bien y es rapido, lo recomiendo.

I can hardly cope with this phone.  It freezes up, reboots unexpectedly.  It is too sensitive, with things opening up all over the place with slight movement.  The orientation will not change frequently from Portrait to Landscape orientation, which is the only chance I can write on the tiny virtual keyboard.Blackberry does have reliable email, which works when nothing else will and before anything else will.  Battery and camera OK.  Of course, ITunes protects some of my music, so that won't download to this phone without some conversion rigamarole I'm not in the mood for.  The "wireless sych" does not synch anything wirelessly as far as I can tell, and going thru Google is a massive hassle, either triplicating your appointments or not putting them in at all.  I guess if you are Enterprise, that works, but others have said not necessarily.Service with Verizon a littel better than TMobile, but I don't know anything could be much worse without completely shutting down.Just holding my wife's Iphone 4 tells me it's time to move over to the dark side.  Or maybe this is the dark side

The phone its self is awesome, the company TJ Global however is not. These morons sold it to me as if it were new, even put plastic over the screen, had seals on everything. It was clean no scratches. It looked new. I would have never known until I turned it on and connected my wifi to begin the setup. They didn't wipe the old guys info from the phone. I got all types of emails, Facebook updates, hell i even got a pizza delivery message, He likes Hawaiian with extra pineapples. I emailed him and he confirmed he sold the phone to Telus mobile. These guys are a fraud, and im sure they have been at it a while because like i said the phone was wrapped and sealed new. I have had five other Blackberrys and couldn't tell the difference. Don't trust these Cell phone Gangsters!!!!

I bought this phone for my brother and its  great value an is worth every penny.I saw it an was instantly drawn to it.

the phone didn't work so i had to send the phone back to your all and am waiting to hear back from you'll

I really liked the service given and the product! Everything is as the buyer says..phone comes in a box brand new with instructions and it just went on to the network here in Jamaica..would buy from this seller again :)

I bought 2 and they worked very well, but 1 month later turned off with a read light and dont work any more. But I will return and buy other celphone, the service of Winda USA store is great.COMPR&Eacute; 2 EL MES PASADO Y FUNCIONARON MUY BIEN, PERO HACE UNA SEMANA UNO SE APAG&Oacute; Y SOLO ENCIENDE UNA LUZ ROJA, EL OTRO DEJ&Oacute; DE FUNCIONAR HOY, LO DEVOLVER&Eacute; Y COMPRAR OTRO, EL SERVICIO DE LA TIENDA ES ESTUPENDO.

Seriously.This is a good phone to me. Don't need to be up to date with superexpensive devices so this is just fine.I don't even use the phone as much as it is usually by other people.I call, send and receive emails and txts.  And for that it works perfectly.

Great screen size, features, and fast processor for a touch screen blackberry, one of the best BB i ever used.

muy buenoel paquete se recibio a tiempo y en buen estado como desia le vendedor y trabajando gracias por todo

Love it, thanks for all, great staff, coming on time, everything is well, love this staff so muchThanksPutra arsana

buenas noches..tengo una duda.. de que telefonia es el telefono y cuantos tienen disponible?favor responder lo mas pronto..buenas noches

i love this phone i was a little worried about it because all of the negative comments people are writting here, but i thought that this is just a seller not the manufacturer so the phone comes with all the specifications that blackberry says!! but my phone is working great it has all features  and the product i received had no scratch!! i am in Honduras, central america and it works with 3g too!! i love it!! sooo before buying this phone i recommend to see if the frequencies that u have in your country are compatible with this model 9860 or if you need to buy 9850!!

I had to return it because it does not work. Turn off without reazon. I asked for my money back.

hello good morning? i realize a purchase a few weeks ago, without any problem, arrived on time and works great, the only problem is that the person who received un miami says no bill received and to register here in venezuela tlf need the bill, is there any way that i mail the bill? thanks and sorry

GOOD I recently bought the phone and I've read MAY NOT RAISE IN VENEZUELA 3G for Movistar. IF THERE IS THE POSSIBILITY OF CHECKED BEFORE YOU SEND THE SEA HSDPA 1900 MHZ FREQUENCY AND IS WORKING WITH 3G MOVISTAR VENEZUELA! THANKS.

Phone keeps dropping off the network , although this phone is for international use, it does not work properly at all. There are times my phone goes to saying no service. Can't use this phone to conduct business transaction.

HELLOI recently bought the product because in the Product Features and Technical Details published by the seller, was as follows:"We are working on the 850/900/1800/1900 MHz frequencies for GSM / GPRS / EDGE and operates at frequencies 800/850/1900/2100 MHz for 3G."So to receive the equipment, then after a while to activate it on my local telephone company only works with EDGE and not 3G, without knowing why, and it investigates why the product is acquired only for GSM 850/900 / 1800/1900, HSDPA 900/1700/2100, ie 3G bands 1,4,8 and not all as advertised, so it is not an international version, since it does not work in the bands 1,2,5,6 , to work on 3G.Add that as of today there are no specifications in any of that information by the seller.As a matter of time until now I can write after my purchase, I known that I disagree with the product, not recommended until they are completely sure what are the characteristics of the team, because nothing will work a team of these, because its cost is very high and do not get 100% profit.Thanks and regardsBlackberry Torch 9860 Unlocked Phone with 4GB Internal Memory, Blackberry OS 7, 3G and 5MP Camera - International Version (Black)

I was a little afraid at the time of purchase and did not know if I would work with my phone company but I have been amazed at how well it works is very fast touch panel works perfect signal works great, I recommend the seller and the product.

I'm a big blackberry fan for business use specially for international business trips.Just got a torch 9860, I didn't realize that different from previous torch model,  this model don't have key board, it was disappointing, i should have got an iPhone or a bold 9900.It worked well internationally, The camara and video works well.

Great product! Good price. It has all the good features of a blackberry and many good features of an android,

Es un excelente aparato, muy bonito y de buen tama&ntilde;o; tiene una pantalla muy bonita y funciona perfectamente al tacto y con mucha rapidez. Lo recomiendo. No me arrepiento de haberlo comprado.English:It is an excellent device, very nice and good size, has a very nice screen and works perfectly to the touch and very quickly. I recommend it. I do not regret buying it.

Hi, i'm from Venezuela.....i bought the BB about 2 weeks ago, it has been working perfect!! I just put the SIM card on it, go on the blackberry ID, made the security copy of my PINs and thats all!! Working great on Movilnet here in Venezuela (tought Movilnet its not the best) Pretty nice phone.....the only thing are the lower bottoms, they should be touch too.

The Phone wowed me from when i saw it online and when i finally laid my hands on it? Awesome! Beats any other BB i have ever used. And i have used a few.

i recently purchased this phone and it works very well but i only have all but one complaint...when i got the phone, the battery was almost drained and when i was about to charge it i realized that there was no phone charger included in the box....so now i cannot use the phone until i get a phone charger.

I find the BB not very user friendly and tiresome. The keyboard needs to be able to perform more functions and it doesn't allow genuine voice commands, as previously stated.

smartphone excellent, highly interactive, high capacity and processing speed. a disadvantage against me, the operator SFR handles band widths 1,4,8. whose use is limited only to the operator DIGITEL (VEN).in my case, I use Movistar (VEN), and this operates in bands 2,5,6. for this reason my smartphone does not operate in-band 3G +, only "EDGE (2G), then the operating performance is lower, but it works well, forever grateful

crappy.  I worked hours to get bbm to work when I copied my previous phone data.  9700 much better.  disgraceful how when I copied my 9700 data, the non bb appls works fine but bbm disappeared.  had to wipe the phone and manually invite all my bbm to get bbm to work.  really crappy as the usual bbm programmers coding.  disgraceful really.

The specification of 4GB as Internal memeory is misleading as the internal memeory is 2.5GB as against the 4GB that was advertised. and

This phone is very funtional, i like it because you can review the all news and social link very fast, the camera of 5 MP is good

I made a very good choice for a good product at a fantastic priceand will always look here first for future sopping

I purchased the product a month ago. I received it about one week after the purchase. I used it in US and Europe and it didn't cause me any problems. Its performance is satisfying compared to other blackberry models.

9860 is an amazing phone, I just love it.  I had it before and it got stolen but I still continue to appreciate it like it were different!

ya fue resuelto el problema que tuve con el celular fue un placer hacer compra con ustedes.saludos y suertegracias

the phone did not come in black box blackberry wine in a old blue box did not bring their headphones, came damaged, I say it's the camera, others say it's the software, I could only use for a week, since it says Error 307, I lost my money the seller to send it to me in Blue knew perfectly well that the phone did not have the original box was damaged, is a thief, the phone is crap, I would not recommend this seller will not buy apodadro &#34;RACE&#34; Storefront RACE, not buy anything
