
New phone out of the box and the battery wouldn't take a charge.  I wouldn't take another one if it was free.

this phone is awesopme for about the first day. i have had the phone for about a month and every day it has to restart at least once because it is always getting error messages. sometimes it turns off in the middle of the night so my alar  does not go off. this phone was a complete FAIL for HTC.

The phone will not stay on and it is not because of a low battery. The phone is defective.Trying to return the phone.

the phone doesn't work properly. It cut off and say oops. It doesn't stay charged. None of the Apps function correctly.

I RECIEVED MY ORDER PROMPT AND THE SERVICE WAS EFFICIENT BUT FOUND, WHEN IT WAS TIME TO TURN IT ON IT BECAME VERY HOT AND WHEN IT DID COME ON IT STUCK VERY  OFTEN CAUSING AN ERROR IN THE SYSTEM AND THE PHONE CONSTANTLY HAD TO RESTART AND THE LAST TIME IT DID SO IT WOULD NOT WORK AT ALL AND IT HAD TO BE RETURNED THANKFULLY I RECIEVED MY MONEY BACK AND DID NOT HAVE TO PAY SHIPPING

The phone has many defective areas...the touch screen at the bottom right tends to give out, and the battery holder will break if not already broken when received it...

I had this phone for 2mos. and it stopped working. It wont come on and it wont charge.  I will tell everyone I know to stay clear of this trash.

I dont own this phone but it does NOT run android it runs brew i just wanted to inform everyone on this

phone is good if you want it to break down like a chevy, j/k It started working good but froze turned off on its own and then would not even turn on.

my brother said that it worked perfectly before he dropped it in a pool well I told him sorry but you should buy another one

I didnt pay attention to the reviews i sent the phone back in two days. it started locking up.i would send one text it will send three.cuts off and more DONT DO IT.

The delivery was fast. The item looks really unused, but I am just wondering why there is no manual inside. Probably the seller forgot to put it there? However, hopefully this will work good in the coming days. Since I just got them today. I am still trying to get used to it, but overall, I am satisfied at the moment. And hopefully, there will be really no problem with the phone. I would recommend this seller. Shipment was fast and great. Phone is working good except with the fact that there is missing manual.

bad bad bad  This phone froze 3 times in the first 36 hours I had it!  Don't buy..........Now I hae to pay to shop back!

That cover thing at the back needs to be worked on. looks too muchLike a play thing and difficult to close.

This product was exactly what I wanted. Unfortunately, after a day of usage I could'nt get it to turn on.

This phone is awful.  I get error messages at least three times a day and the phone frequently turns off randomly.  Do not buy it.

This is one of the worst phones I have ever had, it freezes up it shuts off and you have to remove battery to reset the phone it is a piece of crap, and I have only had it for 3 days.  would not ever recommend or buy again.

stock up when your not using it so you have to remove the battery and put it again so that you can use it again. I returned the item

This is phone has the old OS from HTC, it does't have wifi and is not user friendly at all.

Bought this phone for my brother. he loved it a lot and the phone is working perfectly fine.strongly recommended. good one

I have owned many cell phones over the years. Some weren't my cup of tea. Some had crappy interfaces. Some eventually fell apart and stopped working. This is the first phone that was all of those things on day one. I bought it because it looked like a smart phone with a touch screen but you didn't need to get the contract with AT&T. Perfect for my daughter..... I thought. It doesn't have any of the smart phone features besides the touch screen. No wifi. No Android. No iTunes. Nothing. You can't even sync music on it from your PC. Supposedly there is going to be a firmware update that will allow you to do this but the phone design is over 3 years old. I doubt its coming.......Ever. I could live with all these things if the phone could make calls and text. It even fails at that. Within days of purchase it stopped charging. Got it replaced. A month or so later? DOA again. Got it replaced. The third one has needed to be factory reset countless times. I don't even need to call support anymore to do it. I've got the proceedure memorized! Every time losing our contact list and having to re enter it, which is a chore on this brick. We are a month away from our 6 month window for renewing our contract. It can't come soon enough. HORRIBLE PHONE!!!!! Don't get sucked in my it's cheap price and touchscreen. IT'S JUNK!  Update to this review.  We have since bought my daughter a new phone and guess what?  She hates it.  Wants this hunk of junk back.  So I put the SIM card back in it and it will be used until it mercifully drifts into that goodnight.

I thought this phone would be nice for somebody that was looking for something 1 step down from a smartphone but this is by far the worst phone I've ever used.  They keyboard is clunky and hard to use, it takes me about 4 times as long to type a text message than it does on any other touch screen keyboard, at first I thought I'd get used to it but 1 year later it's still difficult to use.  It has numerous glitches such as receiving duplicate text messages and notifications remaining even after checking the message.  These were not fixed by replacement phones or software updates.  Save yourself a lot of hassle and buy a different phone

The phone shuts down periodically for no reason and the ony way to get it back on is to take off the back and flip out the battery.  I noticed this seems to happen the most when the battery is running low or I havent used in for a few hours.  Ususally it is off when I get up in the morning.  When the phone is working and not off, it works well and I am happy with it 75% of the time.

OK phone, nothing great, for the money we spent its good, good battery life.worked smoothly in Indiatook some time to set up

I could not wait for this phone to get here I used it for maybe about two hours then I fell asleep I woke up the next more and an hour later an error message pops up. And apparently this happens on every htc freestyle phone. So trust once you get it you will be returning it most likely

We like the phone style but it has problems. We need to get it replaced. If not replaced then a refund is needed.

this phone has bad reputatiin of restarting on its own also freezes up. Mine was no exception. Other than that,this would of been a decent phone.

no facebook ,no gmail, turns off by itself , difficult to understand not being android..difficult to open/close battery area.difficult to access info.

This phone sucks... Should have stuck with my android... it does nothing special no apps or anything ... First day and it freezes.  I can barely hear it ring... waist of my hard earned money... I hates this God awful piece of metal

This phone is a piece of junk don't let it fool you I've never hated a phone so badly in my life it glitches like mad. Buy something else and by the way it's not a smart phone it's a feature phone

I will recommend this phone to friends, it is really nice and good price. Thanks I enjoy it and will may be order for a gift

i ordered for this product and it came in alright but this phone goes off by itself and wont turn on unless u take out the battery.i thought the description of the phone says its an unlocked smartphone but it cant even download common watsup

I hate it , it's not a smart phone it has no features it's too small they say it stinks

The phone had the features I was looking for but didn't work right from the start.  I would shut off for no reason and to restart I had to pull the battery out and put back in.  It would seem to be OK but then even sitting on a desk or counter just go out for no reason. It was very frustrating.  I will say that there were no problems returning it so I can't blame the supplier.  Don't know if I just got a bad one or what but can't recommend the phone.

i have buy these phonethay say that these phone is unlocked ?when u buy it u get desapointedis not workingif it unlocked supose to work all around the worldwhen i called the company the owner was very roodsorry owner y must tell uthat we are clientthses phone is not even a smathphone is a pieceany one dont buy these phone is not smarthi can not even do any thing with thses phonethe seller is a goood LYER

This phone just looks like smartphone but it doesn't work like that, I couldn't use it nor even as a paperweight!!!

This phone freezes a lot. It shots down and then you have  to take the battery out to turn it on again. The first day were good but the week later it sucks.

If I knew what this phone is, I would not have dared purchase it! I read the reviews before but gave it the benefit of doubt because of a previous HTC that I had used for one year which was a really nice phone.  Not only does it not run android, but it also frequently shuts down and restarts, sometimes even without doing anything!  probably the most physically attractive but functionally useless phone ever manufactured! And I got three of them!  I am stuck with three useless gadgets, and I bet phone recyclers will soon have a freebie from me, courtesy of some smart hoodwinkers in HK!! I do not advise anyone to purchase this phone, and I am wondering why the company selling it is an 'amazon fulfilled' client!

This phone worked pretty good for me. I needed as smart of a 'non-smart' phone as I could get; and I think I made a pretty good purchase. I have not heard many complaints, except for the glitch every once in a while that makes the phone freeze up where you have to basically take out the battery and put it back in to reset it.

Device is overheating a lot, frezzing up a lot and turning off by itself, I have to take battery out so it can work

I bought 2 HTC free style phones thorugh Amazon, but really i am fed up with that. every time am getting operational error and automatically its going to be switched -off. These two phones i purchased to give as gifts to my friends am very unhappy with this model phones

I have owned this phone for about a year and I can't wait to upgrade and get out of it!  Don't buy it.  It is riddled with software problems.  I feel like I am having to update it every other week to get the error messages off of it.  After about half a dozen visits to my local tech support office, the guy finally just told me that he could give me a brand new one of the same phone but it would have the same exact issues.  He said it was just a bed model.  Apparently this is the one bad one in the bunch, though.  Those I know with other models love them.

Wish I would have read all these reviews before buying this phone...which they sold me as NEW and when I took it to AT&T they ran the serial number to find out it is refurbished. Have ALL the same problems everyone else does. Shuts off, freezes and now won't even turn on after 2 months.

Oh by the way ludicrous means humor. I don't think this even deserves one star.Okay guys. Please do read this review, it will make a dramatic difference in whether you buy this piece of junk of not. I was so excited to be getting a new phone! Finally!I must admit, at first i was in love with this phone... untill these problems started occurring with in the next hour. I did not research on this phone, and read no reviews before i bought it... which was a HUGE mistake on my end. The only thing I knew when i purchased it was that it looked like a smartphone, except didn't have that data plan. Which made me purchase it.  Little did i know that the HTC FREESTYLE IS A SORRY EXCUSE FOR A PHONE! Every single person who's ever wrote a bad review on this phone is entirely true.  At least 10 times a day my phone freezes (and then i have to open up the battery compartments, and take the battery out to restart it... turning it off is not good enough. I am being truthful with you right now. When i send someone a text, several people have mentioned to me that i send them that same text at least 3 more times, and i receive the same message from people 5 at the most times. Meaning, when you send a text... that person receives your text 3 more times. And when you get a text from someone, you get that text multiple times again. Another thing i have noticed about this piece of crap is a weird screen that pops up with a red, blue, yellow, and neon green stripe saying "system error" , and then you have to turn in off (take out the battery + sim card again). And lastly, at least 7 times a day my phone will freeze in the middle of no where and say "error, restarting phone". Its superbly an annoyance. I have only had this phone for 6 days, and i hate it! I've never dropped it once... and i bought it brand new.  PLEASE DON'T PURCHASE!And the last thing i wanted to share with you is... last night i went to go use my phone... and the main screen (it has different screens like the iPhone) Was gone! My htc freestyle home screen with the messaging button, the menu, the time is just gone! I turned my phone and took out the sim card restarting it more than 20 times (yes, i'm counting) And it just won't come back! Now i can not text or call, i'm stuck with this junk! I was going to return and get a new one... but i think the same will happen.Also along with the home screen... i have no more music, contacts, or shortcuts on my phone. It's literally as if i just got it because all my stuff is gone. Even the freaking home screen! THE HOME SCREEN! HOW DOES THAT EVEN HAPPEN?!?  Sorry i have took my anger out in these words. I am, just very fed up with this phone. Any suggestions of phones without data plans by at&t; for me to get next .... please email me. bcort99@aol.comThanks for reading, and once again... don't purchase this product. And i'm warning you... i think all HTC's experience these same problems.

all i can say is it's a phone but I wouldn't recommend to anyone! Calls get cut, shuts off automatically and doesn't charge correctly

this smartphone as said has many issuses. Firstly the applications cannot work. Secondly it operaters on on AT AND T CINGULAR.. Ii was very  disappointed about the phone. only certain baslc operations could be done

This review is of a retail purchase, not from an Amazon purchase.My son has had this phone since last June. It worked without complaint for about 3 months, then began experiencing duplicate and delayed text messages. We worked through the carrier (AT&T;) first, and then directly with HTC to resolve the issue. We have received two refurb replacements, both of which operated no better than the original. We have also had the phone "repaired" by HTC three times to no avail. We are at the end of our rope over this issue. Save your money and find a better product. The glitch in the Brew operating system is at fault, and doesn't appear to warrant enough support from HTC's engineering team to resolve.

This phone is terrible!! I have received 3 phones and each one over heats, receives multiples of the same text message, loses battery super fast, shuts off and so much more. I don't know how anyone could give this phone more than a single star. After my third replacement I called att support again to tell them the new one was still not working and I was then told that the warranty on my contract was up so that I would have to purchase a new phone out of pocket!! What a rip off

Don't buy!!!! Nothing like description. Freezes every 20 minutes Sim card won't stay in so u got 2 take the battery out a million times a day junk phone for being a HTC witch is mypersonal favorite name brand

will never buy electronics again. DISHONEST advertising. I bought it as a gift. It did not work from the beginning!!, but I was never told until recently. So bad product review for you...

It took me few days to connect internet. I returned this product right away when I found the HTC my touch 3g for $100 on craigslist.

This is an awful,awful phone. I did not purchase it from amazon but rather from AT&T, regardless this phone is a complete nightmare. It receives the same text message 3 times in a row. I have received text messages hours and even a full day after they were sent. Many times it fails to notify me when I have a voicemail message. I am currenlty desperately searching for a decent unlocked gsm texting phone in order to finally replace this dreadful phone.

The phone stopped working completely. It cut off one day and i could never get it cut back on, and i reset the phone manually.

Is not working properly, the inertnet is not working and gets frozen all the time, I need to take the battery out and restart it again

just to clarify: THIS ISNT AN ANDROID PHONE.  It isn't even considered a smart phone, so you won't be forced into a $30 data package.  considering it isn't a smart phone, it is a great phone for what it is.  Ignore the reviews that say this phone is unstable.  With the update (google HTC Freestyle Update), the OS is stable and the multiple message issue is pretty much resolved.  The phone is packed with features, considering it isn't a smart phone.  The touch screen is just as good as an iphone, and the keyboard has an advanced autocorrect feature.  Overall, it's a great phone for what it is.Comment this post if you need help updating the phone to the newest OS, it helps with the stability of the phone.

This item is the worse purchase I have ever made through amazon. The phone arrived on time per schedule however the phone has become a white elephant, it would just not turn on and the screen is blank with the power bar showing as fully charged. I have never been disappointed in any purchase such as this phone. Pardon me to say I equate it to being a scam. Please stay away from this seller.

This is not a smartphone this is a feature phone and a crappy one at that bought this phone new and straight out of the box and it froze up repeatedly and would even pick up service at my house. If there were a lower review I would give it. DO NOT BUY!!!!

Just take care of it, use a memory card, erase useless stuff saved on the phone like texts and recent calls I bought this phone and have had it a little over a Month and I couldn't be happier.

I own this phone & it is in no way an Android phone. It's not even a smart phone. It just has regular internet.

This was an embrassing experience for me. I had bought this phone as a gift to my dad. And then he tried turning it on.. it did not turn on. When checked they found that there was no battery in it. This is so Awful. I would never ever try buying a phone on Amazon. This is ridiculous.!!!!!!!!  Very unhappy and disappointed.

I have gone through 3 replacements of this phone! It is NOT a good phone! When you get a text, it sends the same text at LEAST 2 times, the touch screen is okay, but after about a month it becomes laggy, the battery life is very bad, it heats up really fast! And for me, the first time I got the phone, about 2 months later, it wouldn't let me call people! I would press the dial pad and nothing would show up. Not a good phone! I am doing ou a favor...DO NOT GET IT!

This phone is not worth even $50, someone would have to pay me to use it. I have had it for 6-7 months now and ever since the start, randomly if I hit the call button it crashes and restarts (about 10 mins to reboot).A few nice features but overall does not add up with the hardware in the phone, BrewMP was stretched way too far for this one. If you want quality features, without paying extra for data, go with Virgin Mobile or a company like that.

Good screen but only has att apps. Went back to my old broken phone and use this one as paper weight

This is the worst phone I've ever had. The only reason I bought it was because it's the only touch screen phone that doesn't require a data plan (which I'm trying to avoid). I thought I'd take a chance despite the other reviews..I was wrong. It constantly restarts, shuts-off, and overheats. I constantly have to take out the battery to restart it because it shuts off and the power button doesn't work to turn it back on. When it's charging, it often overheats and feels like it's been a furnace. The frustration is not worth it..I may just go back to a flip phone if I have to.

glitches all the time/freezes. my friend has the same phone and his htc constantly calls random people. Also you cant download music onto this phone. broke three times had to order another three.

Must be new and must be original are at&T please . Don't need it if not I need unlocked gsm ph thank u.

i brought this for my brother as a gift and i sent India.Write after 2 day it's not working at all/please do not buy this phone.i been keep chat with Amazon person to give my money back or Exchange phone but no one response well.India to ship again in usa $ 2500 Rupees.It's not worth it.please don't buy product from this seller.....Thank you.

Good to listen to music other than that it's not really a great phone. Can't do much on it. Upgraded my phone.Fine to start off, if going for htc.

I had bought the htc eris and it was the worst phone I've ever owned. I tried to get in contact with HTC and they don't respond or care that they are selling garbage to the community. Before you buy anything HTC look at the reviews on their phones, on average their phones get 3 star or less.

I have had this Phone for 4 months and it works as it was designed works perfect.It looks good just right for a pocket the weight is good and sturdy. I must have got one of the good ones. I do have it for sale on this site take a look.

It is so small !!! Omg I can't believe it how small it is ! I did not end up using it

I like the phone but they keep shutting down on me . I have to open the back up an removed batteries, sometimes three to four timeper day !

I wouldn't even give this phone one star! It freezes, turns off randomly, only to NOT turn back on after I repeatedly took out the battery and replaced it and the sim card. It pops up with &#34;message errors&#34; txt messages are slow to send and receive. This phone overall is very slow and has alot of glitches. I wish I would have done my research more thoroughly before purchasing this phone because I would not have purchased it had I read all the horrible reviews prior to my impulse by... definitely learned my lesson here. I would not recommend this phone to ANYBODY!

The htc freestyle is a very attractive and affordable phone but freezes and shuts off out of no where and the battery must be removed to restart it... The music player brings the phone to its knees. Good for texting but so is any other phone with a qwerty keyboard

The phone sucks its terriable its keeps shutting off and poppin something up in spanish and the only word i can read is error

I hate this phone. The key pad those not work. I can't connect to the Internet. And it  freezes a lot

I read customer reviews on this phone prior to buying it and figured I could work around some of the oddities. The two biggest issues I encountered are that it won't receive MMS so no pictures or threaded messages and even the techs at AT&T couldn't figure it out. Second issue is that it continually freezes and reboots often in the middle of a call which is beyond frustrating. DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.

This phone has many problems. It shuts off, drops calls, double texts, and is very unreliable. Don't buy it!!!!You will regret it.

Did not turn on until about 5 to 6 hrs after recovering it and was NOT wifi capable

No puedo utilizarlo, se apaga a cada instante.Lo enciendo y se vuelve a apagar.&iexcl;&iexcl;Es una estafa!!Me siento enga&ntilde;ado

have no problem so far with the phone. we are really enjoying the phone. Hope to order again. thank you

My hubs and I both got one and we agree it has been the worst phones we have ever had. If your face comes close to touching the screen it will dial someone...I cant tell you how many times I have accidently called 411 or 911. The battery will get hot hot hot hot even when not using it. These have both been returned and upgraded and they are maybe 20% better....which is not much. This phone has made me bitter toward all HTC phones now.

This is the worse purchase I've made in amazon so far, I really think that AMAZON should screen its sellers, it really makes amazon look bad.This phone was used, scratched, and it even had numbers dialed in.The phone does not have WIRELESS access, perhaps you didn;t hear me, THIS PHONE DOES NOT HAVE WIRELESS ACCESS!!!!!DO NOT GET THIS PHONE, I know that it is hard to learn from someone else's experiences, but trust me, don;t buy it, it is cheap and all, but you will end up buying another one.

Phone would shut down randomly,need restarts continually and in general was very poor (but looked pretty-lol). Like your parents always warned you- looks aren't everything!

I bought this phone to avoid to the data plan on my AT&T; service. Also, it is a touch screen with a touch keyboard; great for texting.  The phone feels great and I like how small it is; i didn't want a super big phone. one of my favorite features with this phone was how customizable it is. when re-searching this phone I noticed a lot of negative feedback's on this device. I learned that there was an update to fix the freezing and restarting issues. The first thing i did was up-date the phone with the latest update. once updated i was excited to have a great phone with a touch screen and no data plan. AFTER having the phone for four days the phone froze at least three times a day and restated a lot. when it freezes you have to take the battery out; this sucks, the back cover is a pain to put back on.  I was frustrated because every morning when i would wake up to a frozen phone. I was worried because if i use the alarm, it may not work because the phone would be frozen. also I was afraid that i would miss calls because the of that same issue.  sadly I decided it would be best to just send the phone back.This phone was a perfect fit for what i wanted GSM, no data plan, small, and a touch screen with the touch screen keyboard.I would've exchanged the phone but, i am in fear of the same problems. just too many people with the same issues. I hope this helps others and they have better luck than i did.

I got this phone for my daugther and she was always having trouble with it and then after 5 months just stop working just like that it die completely.It was a waist of my money.

I have a question? I was about to purchase this phone and was wondering if this phone works with teen mobile?

I ordered this phone on the 5th of eptember 2012 and i got super saver 8 day shipping and i get it on the 7th!!!! only 2 days! Its a great phone and i get a case with it as well and i know people say this phone sucks but you need to take care of it in order to keep it in a good state. Get a micro sd card and make sure to delelte messages and calls. :)

The phone kept cutting on and off! I didnt even last me a day. Wasnt satisfied at all! Wouldnt recommend this product.

I purchased the phone with the idea that it would be an android, but was wrong. ASSET RECOVERY LIQUIDATORS intentionally sold me the phone with the knowledge of me thinking that it would be unlocked and it wasnt. It was the worst service and waste of time EVER. PLease think of another phone before purchasing this one.

I helps me communicate, keep my work schedule listen to music without having to buy an i pod or any other music player!! I just love it!

Defectuos item

Piece of s*** phone can't work and can't be fixed according to my niece it can't work for s*** and she can't make phone calls plus I can't figure out how to get it fixed or how to fix it

I have gone through 3 phones already and multiple phones calls to try to get the phone to work properly. THIS IS THE WORST PHONE I HAVE EVER HAD! I would not recomend this to anyone, it randomly shuts off, consent error messages, it send multiple text messages and I recieve mutliple text messages. If you want a phone that works, get somethig else! It is not worth the time or money

bought this phone for my daughter and she loved it. Enjoys it very much it all the features that are offered in this HTC freestyle smartphone

This phone is really a piece of junk. It overheats multiple times a day, so it will shut itself off and I have to take the battery out to restart it. It also will stop working, and a black screen will pop up saying "oops a system error has occured... restarting..." and the phone shuts itself off and restarts. The screen becomes pixilated and has lines through it sometimes, as well as the background picture not always being in the correct place. I would not buy this phone again, and it is frankly a waste of money.

I would not recommend this product to anyone, it would not stay charge and it is just a cheap phone.

I've always believed on the promises made in the advertising a product but many at times i got disappointed until this product.

most of the time turn off automatically .i don't know why.that was at&t phone that's why i can't use internet.

The battery for the phone refuse to stay in the slot and for that the phone keep shutting off or heating up. My husband is really unhappy with this purchase I made for him.

I got my HTC phone after At&t screwed me over with my smartphone and my data service's. unable to pay the money to getout of there damn contract i decided to dumb my phone down to a "basic" phone, and i must say i LOVE this phone. To me it is just like having a smartphone except i do not get the App market. but the internet is great on it, the music player works just like on my old HTC inspire. overall for $100 this phone isn't that bad. it actually reminds me of the original iphone.

the phone you send me doen't work it does not make and recieve calls and the same with the text messages when we opened the phone we noticed the little sticker on the battery was red that means that the phone was wet before. can someone please contacted me about the issue.

This phone is a mess even after changing the battery.I don't want some on else to spend theme money for a phone full of problems.this phone don't stay on for even 2h.if you have money to throw buy this hone.

IT'S A HORRIBLE PHONE, for one reason. the internal components are bad. this phone will break on you in about 6 months. I thought that i could beat the odds, and buy a decent phone but it just craped out one day in the middle of use.... its a piece of s***... dont get me wrong, when i was using it, it was a fun little phone but it will not make it past the 6 month mark.

This phone is pretty good for someone who wants a feature phone but not smart phone. However, I have had problems with this phone since the day I got it with it shutting off on me randomly at least once a day. The only way I could get it turn on was to pull the battery and then turn it on.... got very annoying!! Then it started freezing on me and now when I turn it on it freezes at &#34;HTC&#34; and won't go any further, meaning it won't even go as far as the &#34;menu&#34;/&#34;start&#34; page. I read somewhere that you could reset your phone by going into the menu & settings, but I can't even get that far!! Can't tell you how many times I tried pulling the batter & turning it on to get it further. Also, personally if you do use internet on this phone and use facebook, the &#34;friendstream&#34; app sucks. There is no actual facebook or twitter app on it. No myspace at all. Unless you go through the browser these social networks are a little better, but not much.. This phone not even lasting me 3 months is what ticked me off the most & I paid $80 for it. I would not recommend the HTC Freestyle!

seriously, worst phone i've ever had. ugh, so disappointed i wasted 150 on this crap last year. not worth it in any way shape or form. the only thing thing about it is that you can use it as a brick.

Phone would lock up,  had to remove battery to boot...........  happened about once a day.  would not advise buying this one.

I am going to be 110% honest. This is the perfect phone for beginners who are familiar with touch phones. I gave it to my brother as a gift and he fell in love with it. The screen is crystal clear and it works really good. I believe the only dislike for me was the size of the phone and screen. The screen is as big as the phone but the phone is very small (about 3 inches). So if you are use to a large phone screen then this phone is not for you. If you looking for something that is very simplistic and convenient without a lot of complications then you might enjoy it.

I bought an HTC Freestyle Cell Phone from the vendor hvac80.  It repeatedly turns itself off and will not respond...no matter what.  The only recourse is to remove the battery, put it back in the phone, power the phone back on and wait for it to re-boot.  So...you don't know if you are being called because the phone is off!!  Contacted vend0r and he threw the "...well, you have had it 30 days and I need a 25% restocking fee to take it back."  Folks, I had it exactly 30 days (my bad) because I was trying to get it to work by changing settings, checking online for fixes, and trying to avoid the hassle of a return.  Bottom line, the vendor has no morals because he sold me a defective phone and refused to take it back for a full refund .  My advice...avoid an HTC freestyle Cell Phone and avoid havc80 like the plague...both the item and the seller are defective!!!

I got this phone thinking it would be great considering it was an HTC. I was VERY wrong. This phone shuts down constantly, and is very annoying to text with. It made me mad very often.. the battery life also sucks. do not even consider buying this phone. the cons outweigh the pros by a ton.

I purchased this phone for my 70+ mother who needs a phone to talk, text, and receive pictures.  She has an old Motorola Razr where you need to press the "a" button three times in order to type "c" when texting.  Cumbersome and annoying to say the least, so she wanted a phone with an onscreen qwerty keyboard for ease of texting and a fairly large screen (easier to view pictures of grandchildren - old eyes).  She does not need to use the internet at all nor does she even know how.Since pickins are slim for my requirements I opted for this phone because it had the features I wanted without having to purchase a data plan.  Those rapists (AT&T;) now require you to purchase a data plan with every smartphone whether you plan on using the internet or not.  What a racket!!!Ok, so the phone arrived and it looks to be the answer to my mother's needs.  But lo and behold, the phone starts oddly losing its charge despite no use and being in sleep mode.  This piece of junk (HTC Freestyle) CONSTANTLY, CONSTANTLY, CONSTANTLY freezes and also got stuck on a Spanish screen once.  Even referring to this sorry excuse as a phone is just plain wrong.Bottom line - I read the reviews and knew they weren't favorable, however, I figured I'd roll the dice because this phone (if it actually worked) would be the perfect answer to my mother's needs.  So, thank you HTC for making our lives miserable for a few days with this nightmare you call the Freestyle.  And thank you greedy AT&T; for putting us in this boat by not allowing the purchase of a smartphone without a data plan.  Not everyone today needs/wants to surf the net.If anyone out there is considering purchasing this phone.....DON'T!!!  Instead, run as far away from it as you can!  If I could give it negative stars I would.

Was not what I wanted I expected more out of the phone. The features on it sucked I could not access wifi

I liked the phone and it was in perfect condition! I had a problem with Tmobile getting it set up on their service so everything would work correctly and I emailed the seller about it and they responded very quickly telling me what I needed to do to get it working right! I am happy with the phone and service!

I really like the phone. It is very easy to navigate. I recieved it quickly. The only problem I have now is that it freezes and shuts off. I would like to return it for the same product. One the works preferably. I'm not sure if all these phones do this. I would hope not.

I ignored the comments and i bought it anyways. this was a bad choice. ive had it for two months and now its not working, it shuts down, the camera barely works, and now it says that there isnt any sim card but there is and i have taken it out and cleaned it a billion times....dont buy it

Honestly the worst phone ever. Worked for maybe 2 months, then died. When I turn it on it goes and says HTC and then freezes up and doesn't continue. I can't believe HTC puts it's name on it. DONT BUY THIS PHONE! IT'S CRAP!

I purchased this phone in March 2011 when the hype was out about it. It's a great phone but the software is too much for the hardware of the phone. I have had 4 of these phones (3 of them were given via the 1 year warranty)and all of them stopped working at some point. I owned the first one for 6 months when it decided to go into a black HTC start-up screen after I had turned it off to prevent the battery from dying. The second and third phones tried to restart but remained stuck at the start-up screen after having them for 30 minutes. The fourth one kept restarting after a phone call or a text. I was able to download the update meant to correct it but caused more issues in use. Calling ATT for a hard reset did not correct this either. I stopped using it and purchased the ATT Avail. However I had to switch back to the Freestyle to avoid the data plan and only used it for less than a month (with the same restart issues) when the screen went blank. I would've gotten a replacement but it's now 3 months after the factory warranty expired so I am out of luck.ATT did discontinue this product due to customer complaints.Pros: pretty and small phone; easy to customize and navigate; with small fingers you can easily text and place phone calls; decent talk time; good phone reception; speaker works.Cons: sends and receives multiple texts, SD card slot is inside the phone; phone can be slugglish and laggy with heavy use; tends to overheat with use or while idle; internet connectivity issues; updates cannot be downloaded or don't fix the issues; little to no selection of games and applications; heavy in comparison to new phones; speaker for the ringer and music are on the back so sound is muffled.

IT'S A GREAT DEAL, IT WAS EXCHANGE RAPIDLY AND IS NOW WORKING.  IT WORKS LIGHTENING FAST TOO AND IT IS SMALL AND HANDY, THANKS

This phone is a brew operating phone and has no wifi but it is a small great fast when does everything I need to be done on it. It is also vary small and I have had it for a year and have had no problems with it.

the OS doesnt work good
