
I love the fact that it shipped so soon with the Christmas holiday being a factor to everyone's priority...thanks so much! Love my phone!!!!

This phone is an awesome product from Motorola. I like its features and performance. I've used cellphonesfrom other companies like Nokia, Sony Ericson, HTC in the past but first time bought any Motorola phone andI feel that my decision was correct. Below are summarized pros and cons I could find as of now:Pros+ Very smooth processing+ Excellent signal reception+ Very good battery life (Please note, I play games seldom)+ No application restriction (not sure about other phones but this one allows flash file play)+ Beautiful design (Very thin and decent look. Does not look like a plastic box)+ Solid built (The built quality is very very good)Cons- Once or twice it became Ir-responsive (though I think it may happen with any phone)- it is not HD (it has resolution of 960X540 pixels while most new smartphones are coming with 1280X720. This difference is not visible in normal usage (and we can live with it) but you can feel it while watching graphic contents.- Most importantly, the phone I received has been imported from (I think) Puerto Rico/Latin America so normal upgrades are not available for this device. This phone has Android 2.3.5 and while the same phone is upgraded to Android 4.0.1 for US models I still have it on 2.3.5. (I also think this model is not DROID RAZR but RAZR only). For me this upgrade is not much important but just wanted to mention here.

Spectacular, I have no problem with it, buy it in USA and use in Peru, worked perfectly from day one. and at a great price. 5 stars

I had this phone one month.  I took it out of my pocket, no impact or anything, and it had spider-web cracks in the outer gorilla glass.  I called Motorola, they said they would fix it for free.  Ten days later I get an email reneging on the promise to fix it for free.  They wanted $100.  I said I would pay he money under protest and go to small claims court.  But without waiting for my answer, they already had sent back the broken phone, unrepaired, to me, wasting another 2 days of my time for a total of 12 days without my phone.  Meanwhile I am paying Verizon for service I am not getting.The phone looks good and elegant.  For that reason, run, run away as fast as you can from this phone and this manufacturer.  Get a Samsung, or an iphone, or anything else.  Motorola makes a defective product and won't stand by it.  There are blogs on the web in which hundreds of people have complained of the screen breaking, for example:  [removed by amazon]  And that's just one of dozens of such chains.Meanwhile Motorola promises they'll fix it free, goes back on the promise, and charges you for its error.  Find another manufacturer that is stand up and backs its work.

On time and was better than I expected , the phone was unlocked and all items was included , it works great and no problems

(I did not purchase this phone through Amazon, but my experience is relevant to any US purchaser.) I purchased this phone in May in SE Asia from a leading dealer. It has a "local" warranty, and that, unfortunately, seems to be the norm.Late August, I started losing battery in 1-3 hours instead of the previous 4-8 hours, and the battery now goes from 50% to 5% (and off) in only a few minutes!I'm in the US now for a couple of months, so I contacted Motorola Support to arrange to have the phone checked and maybe have the battery changed. First rep (Brian on "LiveChat") said it was possible the phone would be returned unrepaired, since it's identified by the IMEI as a Singapore phone. Later I realized the rep had misunderstood, that I was offering to pay for the repair/change if necessary. So I contacted them again and chatted with Romella. She said Moto USA would be able to work with it, probably at no charge, since it was under warranty. Great, I thought. She said Moto repair would call the next day with an RMA and instructions.The phone powered off the moment I tried to accept their call this morning. I called back and spoke first with "Michael" in repair (he sounded Indian), and he put me on hold 5-8 times, and the call took 45 minutes just trying to find out what repair had tried to call me about. He reported that Moto USA wouldn't touch the phone, no matter how much money I was willing to pay. He escalated me to Felicia (sp?), who sounded as though in the US.Felicia told me that XT912s (Verizon's RAZR) are made in the US (!) and they are the only RAZRs that Motorola USA ([...]) can service at any price. I asked her what I should do about changing the battery, since the design does NOT allow consumers to open the battery compartment. She said I should send it to Singapore, since the warranty was there. I reiterated that I wanted to pay to have it done here quickly and that I understood that the warranty did not cover use of the phone in the US. She repeated that I had to send it to Singapore, since they have no idea what an XT910 is in the US, have different software, etc.XXX I'm sending it to Singapore tomorrow and will need to get a temp. handset, since I'll probably lose the phone for several weeks and will probably have to pay a fortune in shipping. Times like this I regret the MicroSIM as well.I would NOT recommend this phone or any other Moto phone without user changeable battery, unless you are buying it from Verizon, with Verizon's insurance, to use in the US only. Moto is very provincial and seems to have a deal with Verizon to pretend that Moto is just a subsidiary of Verizon in the US. What a joke.I wish I'd heeded friends' advice to get an iPhone or a Samsung. For that matter, I noticed that Sony's US website offers direct sales of unlocked phones with US warranties (as well as AT&T; and other locked ones). While these appear to be US-only warranties, bad for travel outside the US, it would seem that I could have bought a Sony in Asia and at least gotten out-of-warranty service for the phone here in the US, if I'd needed it. Apple also has direct sales of unlocked iPhones.Maybe Moto Sing will make my day and turn-around quickly and not charge much for shipping back to the US. If so, I promise to share the good news here. 2 months ago, the phone was a 3-4 star item in my eyes. With no battery, and no way to change it in the US, it's a 0-1 star. Goodbye Motorola.***It gets worse: US Postal Service, Fedex, and UPS will NOT ship the phone with its lithium-ion battery from US to Singapore. It's deemed hazardous. So, Moto US won't open the phone and test the battery; instead they say to send it to Singapore. But no one will send it to Singapore. I'm sick of dealing with Motorola ... Lesson: Don't buy a phone with embedded battery unless one's sure the battery will be looked at by the same company's reps in another country. Apple and Sony are looking better and better.

I just had to come find this so that I could write a review because this phone is really great. I've owned it for 10 months and I have dropped it literally hundreds of times, I only have a silicone case (that I got when I purchased my phone and have never replaced) and I do not even use screen protectors and there is no scratches, marks, cracks, ANYTHING. It's really quite amazing how durable this phone is, when you drop it (even from 5+ ft while walking on a street), it just like bounces perfectly and is completely unharmed. I think it would talk a really solid throw at the right angle to break it. The other day I sat up quickly from soaking my feet in a foot bath and when I came back into the room two minutes later, I found my phone completely submerged under the water (it bounced from my lap when I got up) and I thought "Oh no this is it", while underwater it's green notification light blinked and I couldn't believe it worked. I dried it off with a towel and blew some water out of the charger thing and where you plug in headphones and there were zero problems at all. It functions very well overall, the only complaint I have is that you can't remove the battery and once my phone stopped charging, but they replaced it quickly and it was fine.

I've had the Droid Razr for 6 months now and have to say, this phone is wonderful.  My roommate has the Galaxy SII, purchased around the same time, and they're very comparable, though obviously from different carriers.  Places the SII shines- the screen resolution and the camera are better.  The difference in the picture quality is most noticeable in less than perfect lighting situations.  In good outdoor light, the Droid's camera is wonderful.  Further, outdoor videos are crisp and clear.  The Samsung's camera outshines in indoor situations though, and it's noticeably better.  The screen resolution is better on the SII, but that's not really something you could ever tell unless you had the image, with a lot of detail, displayed side by side; it's not a functional advantage.Places the Droid excels are in software and build quality.  The Motorola software is really progressive, and just works.  DLNA connectivity of WiFi from a remote location (not just a home network) is awesome, and I can't believe they're the only ones doing it.  It's their MotoCast software, and it's insanely convenient and kind of a "duh" feature.  Smart actions is very cool, too- you create rules for the phone; ex, if I'm in this location (say school or work, via GPS trigger), turn the ringer to vibrate and the background data (email) on, and change the walpaper from a picture of my adorable to labrador to something more professional, and my ringer from my favorite song to something more business appropriate.  It works, consistently, and it's awesome.The hardware on this phone is unsurpassed, or even paralleled.  The steel chasis and gorllia glass make a HUGE difference.  I am hard on phones.  That's an understatement, I'm brutal on phones.  I work at a large capacity equine clinic and have to have my phone on me at all times.  My phone spends equal time in my back pocket, in the cupholder on a tractor, or in the bottom of some stall some where.  I have a basic TPU case on in and a screen protector, both of which are showing some wear, but the phone is unscathed.  I don't believe any over competitive smartphone on the market could come close to this durability.  This is why I decided on this phone, and have not been disappointed in the slightest.

Excelente producto, esta a la altura de alta gama de Smarfphone sin discusi&oacute;n alguna, funciona a la perfesion con las operadoras de Venezuela, el producto llego en exelente condiciones.. gracias

This phone is one of the best on the market.  I have had, and reviewed, multiple phones on my own.  Please email me if you have any questions.  I will help you decide.  I have close friends who are very technically inclined that have other types of phones.  gleason.102301@gmail.com

This mobile doesn't unlocked , it's locked on YOIGO Spain sim card, this is problem because when I bought request an open on any network

Very nice fone, but nothing seems to work without wifi, and that is just messed up, none of the apps work via cellular network, only wifi. Tha sucks like s***. sad to say. but it has a nice design, for those who are all about looks.

THE PHONE FELL FROM 30 CM ON THE FLOOR AND THE GORILLA GLASS BROKE INTO PIECES.THIS SHOULD NOT HAPPEN FOR A PHONE THAT ADVERTISES KEVLAR BACK AND GORILLA GLASS.IT SEEMS TO HAPPEN A LOT, BECAUSE THE GLASS IS OUT OF STOCK.IT ALSO STOPPED WORKING, SWITCHED OFF AND ON BY ITSELF.I DID NOT BUY THE PRODUCT TROUGH AMAZON, SO THE PROBLEM IS JUST WITH MOTOROLA.IF YOU WANT PEACE OF MIND, KEEP AWAY FROM THIS PHONE.

Sleek, thin, and lightweight.I did not have issue with unlocking, phone worked well out of the box.When screen is dark or black, I can see some sort of scratches or line on back side of screen (center-bottom), maybe it is glue.Anyway it doesn't really bother me.I am mainly using it for email reading and ~40 minutes of phone calls per day.Battery barely survives one day with WiFi, 3G and GPS enabled.Overall good phone for this price, looking forward for an upgrade to ICS.

Hi, i will remove the feedback, but the problem it's without the headphones, only turns the screen when someone call, it doesn't make sounds and the videos is the same.

I don't understand why Amazon is selling this phone as UNLOCKED when is NOT UNLOCKED, this phone is locked to Yoigo Spain, and unlock codes doesn't work because of some Yoigo problem.If you live in South America this phone will not work, yo have been warned, and the worst thing is that Amazon won't help you in any way, I wrote them about the problem and they told me to comunicate to Motorola, I did that via Mail and Motorola never responded me, then I told Amazon that Motorola didn't respond me and they also didn't respond, so I was left alone to solve this problem any way I can when it should be Amazon's obligaton to give me a solution. I have been a very good Amazon customer and I am really disapointed that after buying so many things from them, I didn't get any help, a very good customer as I, should't be treated that way!At first when I inserted my Sim card I got a message asking for a network code, but after trying many codes the message was gone and now I only get an Invalid Sim message, so now my only choice is to unlock it via software, so I have to pay an extra $35 to a store so my phone can be unlock via software, I just hope it works, otherwise I will have a very nice $500 mp3 player.So to resume don't buy this phone because it is NOT UNLOCKED and Amazon won't give you any help!At the end , there was no way to unlcok this phone, I tried everything and it wasn't posible!Also the phone was bought directly from Amazon.com LLC, not from a reseller.

Phone: The phone is awesome. Great Camera,beautiful display,very thin. I love it!. My only complain would be the the horrible battery life and the speaker aren't too good.Seller: Phone brand new, as described. Arrived on time. I would buy with no problem from this seller again.

Really awesome phone.. packed with nice features, slick and thin design, weight less.. unlocked!Special thanks to Amazon -- the first phone that was shipped had something wrong in the firmware and Smart Actions were not allowing location creation. But Amazon took care of it and I got a new one which is perfect.Phone received the firmware update as well. Smart Actions is really great feature, which Moto keeps improving.Overall, very satisfied!

I bought one of these for my wife for two reasons.  One is it is nice hardware.  Two is because it is supported by CyanogenMod.  What I didn't expect was it did not connect to data on T-Mobile immediately.  I had to follow the directions here [...] to finally get the phone fully functional.  I never did root the phone and replace the OS with cyanogenmkd, so I have no links to help with that.  My wife is happy with the default android installed on it.

Having had this phone for two years, here is what you need to know:My phone was replaced by Verizon b/c of a defective earphone jack.  This is a big problem for obvious reasons.  The second phone also has this problem and will be replaced.  User reviews for the new Mot Maxx also notes this problem - they have had lots of time to fix this.  Kudos to Verizon for replacing the first one w/o any hassles.Battery life is very very poor.If not for these problems, the rest of the phone's features work very well.  Google should clean house over there.

I bought it from amazon warehouse deal so it comes with 30 day return warranty. I believe it is locked,  as it tells me "invalid sim" for the sim i tried.

I am in loving. The camera its great. Screen is very clear and bright. I am a little disappointed with the battery life.

Really nice, easy to use and very fast in surfing the net.  It is a smart toy.  This is my rating for now because I want to see how it will go over the long term.

Horrible phone. Kept freezing and powering off. Had it for a week and already hate it and I was an avid fan of motorola before.

I loved my phone until yesterday when I noticed my phone got really hot.. I laid it beside me....then heard a chime/email notification and the screen all of the sudden cracked all over.  I bought this phone for the security of the gorilla glass which is obviously FALSE ADVERTISING...I am so upset.  If i wanted a phone that had a likelihood to crack I would have bought the iPhone!!!  Verizon says its Motorola's issue Motorola says it's Verizon's issue....I feel completely let down and bullied by both.

This phone was with deffect. I had to leave it on motorola's store to repair. I think is refurbished now.I waiting the phone came back from the repair.

i really love this phone. Its light and works really well. The only problems was micro-sim but after that's solve it works really well, no problems so far

The shipping service was excellent, the product purchased motorola razr droid I think is one of the best teams in the world right now. I recommend it 100%.Motorola DROID RAZR 4G Android Phone, Black 16GB (Verizon Wireless)

Bought it as a backup phone but its VERY sluggish I would consider it a basic Android phone, I dont see what is with the Hype with this phone

This is the international GSM version of the Motorola RAZR.In the U.S., Motorola entered into an exclusive arrangement whereby the RAZR line of phones can only be sold for use on Verizon's network, which uses CDMA technology.  If you want to use the RAZR on AT&T;, you're out of luck.  Motorola did make a very similar phone available for AT&T.;  But, if you want the RAZR, you can buy this international GSM version and it will work on AT&T;'s network.I like the phone a lot, but I have two complaints.  First, the range on the Wifi transmitter is very short compared to other Android phones.  Second, the battery is not replaceable.  When the battery wears out, the phone is disposable.  I realize that Apple does the same thing with the iPhone, but I don't want an iPhone either.  Ultimately, I returned this phone and bought a Samsung Galaxy S III instead.

This Motorola Droid Razr is working perfectly here in Brazil, thank you Amazon I'm feeling so happy now about it. YEAH

I have only bought Motorola Phones ever since the original razr came out. I have loved them and never had a problem with any of there phones till now. I have had this phone for 5 to 6 months its not old or anything. The phone isnt damaged never dropped or anything however started about 2 weeks ago my phone has lost battery life for no reason. The 4g is turned on i used to get it now i only get 3g and it doesn't stay on for long maybe 2 minutes at max then it trys to get a connection. The bars for voice calling used to have 5 now i get 2 maybe 3. Verizon sent me a like new but already used phone that was worse then the one i own. The worse thing is when the phone dies from battery not being charged it takes 2 mins to get a connection to make a call.My brother also has this phone and yet his is perfectly fine and hes dropped his phone. His battery life is 1 and a half days while mine is 10 hours max it used to be the same as his he boots his phone off and turns it back on he has signal to make calls in 2 to 5 seconds but mine is 2 minutes. This is a joke phone do not buy it as its just garbage.Motorola has lost a customer for life I will never buy another Motorola product again. I will buy samsung phones over a Motorola phone any day of the week.

Just got this phone and paid 680 USD.  Prices are falling, so if you wait a bit it should be cheaper.  The one I got appears to be an "import" from the UK.  A couple of complaints:  not so good single speaker on the back which sounds plastic-like similar those cheap clear-membrane loudspeakers, but headphones are better.  And, the battery life is very short if you play games or watch movies.  I have to charge it everyday.  Hopefully, Moto will get enough complaints about the battery life and design a better battery for future phones.  It takes the micro SIM, so I had to cut my old one to "fit" into the smaller slot - I did not want to change my number and micro SIMs are a bit harder to find in China.  Overall, a good phone, thin and light to carry, and wide screen (I can't imagine what the Galaxy S2 LTE HD at 4.65 feels like - huge maybe in comparison).  Video in low light is good, but nothing to write home about.  So, you will pay a premium for a skinny mobile and keep the charger with you...  Cheers!

All of the Droid features and a nice handful of phone. Screen tad small for me, but I'm an old timer.

I have owned this phone for about 2 years, Im on the 3rd phone (3 replacements under warranty all for bad HDMI port due to use with lapdock). Overall I like this phone a lot. It's sleek and hard to break. I have dropped mine a bunch and it doesn't look new but has never broke. It has the best screen I have ever had on a phone. Almost totally scratch resistant. I like to features but overall since the 4.1.2 upgrade it's a bit bogged down and runs low on ram. Not fast enough for the newer android and all the add on's. Over all most of the ram issues and android and Motorola bloat wear. I have not hacked this phone so it is as it came minus my installed apps.I would buy a galaxy 4s over this one but if your on a budget this is a great phone

I picked up the phone for the excellent design and because I trusted that motorola was gonna be a great choice but I had a disappointment as I get the phone and the first day I get hung randomly doing whatever calling or texting unfortunately had no solution and today the phone constantly shuts down so that it is unusable. recommend you to try your products before selling them by the box and was sealed

What can I say? I only have this for a couple of weeks now and I've already decided that I'll love it. Once I updated the phone to its most recent version, all the problems I had were gone...actually, the only problem that I had is when the phone's camera crashed and can't start up anymore, and the home screen getting out of the viewable area of the screen of my phone. After the update, it's all gone. Everything is working normally, as it should be.There aren't any included Micro SD Card, so I had to buy one for that.No warranty, although I'm not that clumsy anyway.Very light, lighter than the iPhone.Very thin, even with a case; it's still thin. I used a case made by Spigen.It's fast too! It can browse and handle tasks better than my iTouch. I actually had to scream at it, because I never realized how slow it was.I can't create a very good review about the camera though. My previous phone, which was also my first phone, is a Motorola V3i, has a very sucky quality when comparing it at this age. In short, I don't have any other phones to make a comparison, but I thought the video and picture quality is great.Sound is very loud! I mean the built in stereo. It has a future to be my alarm clock, or at least let me hear the person talk loud enough when I'm using the speakerphone during calls. Played a music with it, crystal clear. Made a call, same thing. I never thought the day would come where I don't have to keep saying "what?"HDMI, USB, and headphone jack is all at the top of the phone...not a very good place in my opinion, but I guess it's the only place they can go.Lastly, the battery life. Without utilizing the Droid Razr's Smart Action feature, I would be charging the phone every night even when I'm not using it. It has always been the problem of the Razr, so I'm pretty used to it dying really fast, but to others, things could get frustrating...especially when you're in the zone.All-in-all, I love it. It has its pros and cons, but I think it's worth the price. UNLOCKED too! That means I can travel with my baby...the problem would be its SIM. It uses a micro SIM instead of the regular SIM.

Purchased this phone over a year ago and I love it. Despite using it all day, it still has about 40% battery by the time I go to bed. The phone is super thin and sturdy. I've dropped it a couple of times without incident. This phone is also really fast. I have come to love this phone and although it's not the latest and greatest out there, I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for an excellent value.

Hi, bought this phone over a month back. Everything is good except the fact that I bought a T-Mobile micro sim for this phone and 3G does not work on this phone :(Beware these sellers since the phone was not reset from the factory. It was used in Argentina before and all the settings were in that language. This confirms there was no test/certification done by Amazon as they promise in the website.

I bought this phone a few time ago, and i'm very satisfied with the product, and the seller.I don't have any inconvenience, I did not have any problem, upgrade to android 4.0.4 successfully.The 8mp camera is fabulous, and the 1mp front camera too, i tested it with a video call application (Tango) and works great!

Got the world model in mail. Opened an realized the phone was not new. It smelled fresh glue and the back was coming off slightly in the botom part of the device. I felt like it was opened and then glued back together poorly. Went right back that same day. Hope to get my refund. Anybody buying from this supplier be careful and make sure you're getting what you have payed for. I have a LTE Galaxy Nexus for USA and was looking to get this one for my travels to Europe. May try to buy it again after get my money back. Love this model from Motorola.

great phone, it's like a pc in your pocket. it got a liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil bit of lag but thats normal becuz the phone supports a lots of apps at the same time

I received the RAZR a few months ago and have had several opportunities to test out the durability and signal range. One of the things that drew me to the RAZR was the fact that it's Kevlar and Gorilla glass. WHich means it should be kid friendly. No need for a big bulky OtterBox. This phone slips right in your back pocket.This was also my first phone that was 4G and I must say I was blown away at how fast it is compared to my previous phones.  I often compared it's signal with my husbands 3G phone and this little guy never dropped below 3G even out in the middle of no where. While at the same time my husband was struggling.Another new feature for me was the HotSpot.  This was such life (or work) saver several times.  Again, in the middle of the country I used the HotSpot and couldn't tell any difference in it and being at home. It was just as fast as if I was plugged straight into the modem at home.  It never dropped a signal either even with sharing the "spot" with multiple users.The reason I didn't give this a 5 was because the batter life is not the greatest.  Other than that I would totally recommend this phone for everyone!

I purchased the DROID RAZR last week and I like it a lot. Previously i owned a Nokia X6, which is also a terrific phone but a little slow by modern standards. I ordered it by standard shipping from Best n Price and surprise surprise.. they sent it the next day.. which was GREAT. I was a little skeptical as this phone is without warranty and looked a little expensive. Now,ABout the Droid Razr -Razr = Gorilla Glass + Kevlar + 7.1mm thick (or should i say SLIM) + 8MP camera, no need to say more about the build. Its nearly perfect.The Razr is pretty fast and the iphone looks dwarf as compared to this. The interface is also customized and pretty cool with the 5 home screens moving in a 3D. Apps on the Homescreens can be resized, removed by a quick hold and flick of the finger (Home screens are just too cool). Android phones are all about apps and there are plenty of cool and useful apps to be downloaded from the android market which is a great asset.MOTOCAST -I found Motocast, the software that can sync the Droid Razr and ur laptop, pretty interesting. In the beginning it takes sometime to get used to, but once u know how it works, makes just freakin cool to download and watch, listen anything thats on my laptop ANYWHERE, yes, ANYWHERE provided the laptop is ON.SMART ACTIONS -Yes, this is one of the most useful app in Moto Droid Razr. Customize and make own schedules to switch on Wifi, save battery by dimming brightness when not charging, change the ringtone volume, modify screen timeout automatically. All this works in a Trigger and Action fashion which is easy to understand and conserves a lot of manual effort. AWE***SOMEI tried skype on Wifi, video was great without lag but a little echo in sound. Processes and Tasks can be monitored with pre-installed apps, which I like to do even on my laptop.BATTERY-Yes, it takes you through a day easily but needs charge in the night.With all my daily tasks like Calls , Chatting (almost Whole day), browing in the evening or whenever i get time I can easily squeeze 12 -14 hrs from the Moto Droid Razr and be still left with 20% of the battery. Definitely a continuous use can drain it in 8 hrs. but the charging time is 1.5 hrs (Pretty less)SIGNAL STRENGTHI read in a review that the MOTO Razr can catch a signal in the most remote areas and the worst places. Voila, thats just what I wanted, I work in a place where I never used to get signal, but Droid Razr catches almost 3 - 4 bars. Sometimes it searches for the signal but very rarely. This is one of the best things about this Razr. Even the iphone (or any others I have seen with my colleagues) with a better service provider catches only 1-2 bars.PROS - Big screen, Connectivity, Build, Motocast, Smart actions, Interface, Cool Apps, Sound, Calls, Fastest shipping I have seenCONS - OS 2.3.5 (need the latest one ICS), No Micro SD card (with this model), Battery (could have been better), No warrantyI never write long reviews but this one deserves it.Simply said.. THIS is a great phone and worth every penny. I love my Razr.Edit:I received the ICS upgrade (Europe version) last evening and its been working great (I am in US). This phone is amazing after the ICS upgrade. Just a little heads up to anyone who is going to upgrade to ICS, the process (download and install) might take long (between 30 min to 2.5 hrs) but it will eventually upgrade and start the phone. My phone looked like it was stuck on "Starting Applications" screen for 2 hours but it finally worked and I am on ICS now.The RAZR just got a whole lot better. I will also recommend using the GO Launcher EX from Android market, it makes this phone simply awesome.More Update after 2 days of ICS use. I will keep this short -Pros:1. Better Battery Life (Under same conditions, earlier I used to have 40% at the end of day (10-11 hrs), now I was left with 60%)2. Amazing UI and the phone interface simply looks great. The whole experience is more Fluid.3. Feels more faster, i think there have been performance improvements.Cons:1. Task Manager is gone. There is no Default Task Manager. (Third party ones can be downloaded)2. Signal Strength has dropped one bar. (Still Its much better than a lot of major brand phones, my colleagues complain about signal loss, while i still enjoy signal in those places)TIP: Some people have complained that they cannot find option to ENABLE/DISABLE Background Data. The "Restrict Background Data" option is present in "Data Usage" Settings when options Key is pressed on the phone.(There is a bug while controlling this through Smart Actions, I encountered it once)Overall, from my viewpooint, they addressed major issues of battery life (i never had an issue here), better UI, higher performance. So, ICS is definitely recommended for Razr.

It would turn on but when I tried to activate it through Verizon they couldn't do it because it was from out of the country.

My first smart phone was an HTC Droid Incredible. I loved it but after two + years, needed to upgrade. I was leery to try a non-HTC product since I loved the skin that HTC has and knew is would be different on the Motorola.I've been pleasantly surprised with the features and usability on the Razr. It was bigger overall than my Incredible but that makes for a bigger screen. It is actually a lot thinner and seemingly more lightweight.The biggest selling features are the screen resolution - beautiful! The speed and ease of use. The double camera (forward or backward pics) and the ease of getting apps.It hasn't given me any trouble at all (my Incredible had a lot of issues with a bad sensor bar, dropped calls, pocket calls, etc.)The only thing that seems to be an issue is that it gets really hot sometimes. Especially if I'm using the GPS nav. It gets really hot in the middle of the screen.So overall, a wonderful phone, great reception, tons of features, amazing screen, but a small issue with heating up.

I went in to Verizon to upgrade from the Blackberry Tour. Wanting 4G and not seeing it in a Blackberry, I thought I would give the new Droid Razr a go.  4G is definitely fast, the phone is rich with functions and the verbal input for navigation and texting is truly awesome.  The size of screen and resolution makes it easy to use; the voice command is almost worth it alone.However, after two days I couldn't stand it any more and returned it.I'll admit up front that I dislike touch screen phones. I had an iphone for a job and was happy to give it back when I left.  Using the screen lock means I have to perform no less than eight functions to access an application or use the phone to make a call.  Though most people like touch screens, so that's my individual preference.  However, the main reason I returned it is because it is HUGE! Its great when you're using it, but not when you're trying to be on the go. It didn't fit in my pants or coat pockets securely, nor did it fit in any of my car's holders.Other issues I had:1. Charging was slow (my Blackberry charges in 15 minutes, the Droid took almost an hour).  Battery duration seemed marginal. The MAXX version is available for another $100; apparently that is amazing battery performance.2. I lost the data connection and had to reboot on day two.3. It turned off and would not turn back on until I was in the store and they showed me two special keys to power it up (not the normal power keys).4. The ringtones are awful - adding new ones was a hassle and then I wasn't able to control the alarm ring tone.5. The button on the side to initiate the phone after it has turned the display off is a pain. I couldn't operate it with the pad of my finger, I had to use my finger nail, which meant taking more time and not being able to do it with one hand.If you can see past the size and like touch screens, I'm sure you'll like it. The screen size and performance was great, the features rich and it is very easy to use. Can't beat Motorola quality either.  I think I'm just a diehard Blackberry fan and plan on waiting to see if the 4G Titan will become a reality.

Pros:* Extremely thin yet tough build quality (except the Gorilla Glass screen--see below)* Strong cell reception compared to most other smartphones* Loud, clear phone calls* Clever Motorola-exclusive software features such as Smart Actions (which, e.g., can autostart your music app when you plug in headphones)* Decent HD video recording qualityCons:* Abysmal battery life. When the screen is active, charge declines 10% every 15 minutes. That said, casual and conscientious users should be able to make it through the workday. Keep the screen brightness down and avoid lengthy gaming or web browsing sessions.* Bad camera. Photos lack vibrancy and are prone to blur. The shutter delay is longer than on most smartphones.* Extremely weak WiFi radio. Signal drops in places where other smartphones can maintain a weaker but stable connection.* Screen is made with Gorilla Glass but feels flimsier than iPhone* Stuck on Android 2.3.6 "Gingerbread" even though the Verizon version has already been updated to 4.0This is not a terrible phone, but $375 can buy much better alternatives like the Galaxy Nexus (which also lacks LTE and a good camera, but has a better battery and runs Android 4.1).

Phone was shipped as soon  as payment was made. Got the phone and it was new and unused. Love the phone sooooooo very much. Thanks Guys, will do business with you again......

I absolutely love this phone except for one thing which makes it unusable. My phone would burn through a fully charged battery in 2-3 hours even if I wasn't using it. I've then gone through everything recommended to turn off 4g, wifi, bluetooth, and basically everything you might want the phone for. Due to the poor reception where I'm located the phone would still burn through the battery in a matter of hours. I would hate to see it once it's been used for a while and the battery life gets worse. Spend a little more and get the Razr Maxx with the larger battery. The one on this phone makes a great phone practically useless.

Very disappointed with my Razr that's supposed to be extra tough. My screen is cracked, and I've never had a cracked screen with any of my other not extra tough phones...I dropped my phone while holding Braden, it was from 3 feet my th's extra tough Razr has a broken screen, too, from having it in his back pocket and sitting down.  I'm calling it false advertisement! The battery overheats, the battery life on the max is extended by more than an hour or treetop. Garbage!

Great android motorola phone. Slim, big screen, bright image, i'll recommend it for the 2 core processor, hd video recording, hdmi output and gor the quality of motorola.

It is an excellent phone, very comprehensive and fast. The seller very responsible, I recommend 100%.I work very well, I have not had any failures, I am very happy with this phone.

So many in depth reviews saying almost everything I wanted to say...this phone is really awesome! I am not a Motorola fanboy, actually it's my 1st Moto phone ever, but couldn't resist buying it.Only few points I will emphasize on:-The look: many reviewers kept on comparing this phone with other phones-specs wise, forgetting to put into consideration the size factor! I never had or wanted to have any phone bigger than 3.2" till I saw the beauty of this RAZR ( & to be honest the GS2 in regard of being slim as well). The phone is a certain conversation starter, looks really cool, well built and definitely not cheap ( and it isn't!)The very new HTC one is bragging to be one of the slimmest phones, well, as slim as it is, it is still bigger than the RAZR!Have been checking most of the phones that are appearing in the market and none could beat the beauty of the RAZR IMO.-the speed: added tons of apps and games, no sweat!-Battery: dunno what other reviewers expected from a phone with such a processor, screen & 4G but this needs power! My last 4 smartphones' batteries (in 5 years) couldn't last more than a day, so this one is no surprise. add Juice defender app and it helps u go through the day with moderate use. Some days I talk too much and play too much this is when I need to charge it twice a day, I have a portable external battery that I got off e-bay for around $10. It works fine and is really small.Easier to carry even in pocket.Despite that I actually took one star off cos of the battery and lame camera..at this price range I still expected more from the battery and definitely a more stable cam. U do get better shots when u get to know how to use it, but it could definitely have been better.overall the best smartphone IMO now in market, and will get better with the ICS upgrade in few months.

Bought this phone only to have it work for 5 days and die.  Never turned on again, first started with dropping my calls.  Lucky I see it half glass full and went ahead and bought the HTC One M8!  Good luck to whomever buys this phone!

amazing phone. Cristal cleat screen. Very fast. I love this phone. The fact that it takes sd cards is great also.

Just got the "unlocked" phone. I guess it s great, I don't know yet. It arrived today and the unlocked phoneI purchased, was locked. Hope the unlocked code is not too expensive, works and i get it soon. Once the phone works, I'll get another review.Finally got it working. Still prefer the iPhone.

First; The cellphone isnt new, the original operator is TIM and I cant use in my country.Second: In the box there is only a charger with the phone, not the all accsesories. (Manual, handsfree, CD, etc)Thirst: Is locked phone, the operator TIM locked and then i have to pay $50 to unlock it.Fourht: I bought the phone with TPU Cover and Screen protectors, then i dont know whats should i do with these.Fifth: Im in Peru and cost for return the item is expensive and i dont know if the seller wants to pay that cost.Sixth: I used Mini SIM card in my previous phone, then i bought a MicroSIM for this phone, now i cant use my number.Really when i bought the phone, y bought an a problem. Sincerly this purchase was a problem. No recomend.Marcos from Peru.

This phone is not unlocked, I try many ways to unlock it, but never acknowledged my micro SIM, I bought the unlock codes by IMEI and do not work, and another thing, if you plan to buy, not buy it

Out of the box the Wifi doesn't work. The audio like doesn't work either...atleast the speakers work....not buying a motorola again

I didn't know how great it would be until I got it.  This phone is light, slim, amazing picture and game quality and easy to use.  I won't be switching phones any time soon!

Don't buy this phone it it's absolutely awful. Before I bought this phone I loved a normal happy life, now I have severe new found anger issues, am constantly waiting on my phone, and sometimes beat my walls. Sometimes my phone screen won't even turn on fast enough for me to answer my calls or it will just freeze and exit out of the app all on its own. This is not just my phone I know multiple people who have the same problems.

I bought this phone in February (sold by and shipped by Amazon); on opening the box, I noticed that it was a Motorola France unit but aside from having to use an adapter on the charger, there were no issues and I enjoyed using the phone until October.  Suddenly the phone kept rebooting every 5 minutes.  I checked online and found others with the same issues but no solution.  I contacted Motorola(USA)who advised me that this was a French phone and I should contact Motorola France!  Well I contacted Amazon instead and they emailed me the same day saying that a new phone was being priority shipped to me and all I had to do was print out their return label which they emailed me and ship the old phone back..it was the most amazing customer service I have come across.  If more companies were like this, life would be so much less stressful.  It does state no warranty on the product description but this did not stop Amazon from doing the right thing.

This phone has had the glass crack twice in the 16 months since receiving the phone from a Verizon store.  The first time while getting off the plane the phone was in my pocket and bumped against the armrest of the airplane as I was getting of the plane.  Phone was unusable and I had to get insurance replacement.  Two days ago the phone fell out of my jacket pocket from a height of about two feet as I was putting my bags in the back of the rental car and screen shattered.  Don't plan on paying another 100 bucks for my part of another insurance replacement.  Glass is way too fragile.  I have had Palm PDA before there were smart phones,  2 other smart phones prior to this Motorola Droid Razr and I have never had to deal with anything this fragile before.

went to many stores and they could not tern the phone on they said it was european and cant be activated

I purchased the phone a week ago and so far love it. I did the straight talk "bring your own phone," deal put the sim card in and changed the APN settings then it worked right away (BTW it takes a micro sim card to work). I noticed that it seems to get a better signal then my old HTC Inspire. Also, the battery life seems to last longer than many previous smart phones I tried out, about 3/4 a day. The phone itself is very light yet seems to be tough and has a big screen, which I like.

Its a really good smart-phone.The life battery is the same that all the others smart-phones.I bought this cell-phone in USA to use it in CHILE and everything is fine. The only thing that I can say is that ENTEL (my cell phone company) has restrictions when you want to share Internet. You have to have a "Multimedia Plan".....they said.A stupid thing to me....The signal is good and all my calls has been good quality. But sometimes at the subway I lost completely the coverage. I didn't try make a call in that moment, but the Internet connection is lost.The device is really flat and with a excellent weigh. Really clear screen and you can control your life battery using 2G Internet service, brightness screen.To me is a good choice.

After about 3 weeks of use I've found this to be have quite a few shortcomings out of the box. With the help of a few apps and customizations it's turning out to be a great phone.PROS:1. Great display - great cross between tablet and phone. Great for watching videos.2. Extremely responsive touch3. Very fast4. Slim design and light - not too light as some suggest. I added a good case which made it a tad heavier and a bit more comfortable in the hands.5. Comes with a good deal of useable apps6. Pretty good camera - works well at night and very well during the day7. Decent video in the dark... haven't yet checked the daytime recording8. Good quality sound with headphones9. Motorola's Motocast software is great for accessing media from different computers. Once the software is installed on the relevant computers files can be accessed as long as all computers and phone have internet access. Greatly reduces the need to store files on the phone itself.10. Contact management is a breeze once contacts are available though an internet source11. Very useful widgets out of the boxCONS:1. Battery life is extremely short when gaming and using media (music, videos and such). There are a some good solutions I've found like using a very dim display brightness which helps tremendously but battery life is still very disappointing2. The default Android 2.x keyboard is unbelievably disappointing. Except for the fullstop simple things such as question marks and single uplifted commas have to be accessed by using the '?123' button. The keyboard layout isn't customizable so that unused keys can be replaced. Also, ten keys have a different long press function, the numeric keys. All others have nothing for long presses. How dumb is it to put simple stuff like question marks and commas in a separate screen and have about sixteen other keys with nothing for long presses?!3. Screen cannot be set to time out without requiring a slide to unlock. Don't know if I missed something but as much as I've tried once the display times out, I'm required to slide to unlock. Sometimes I just want the display off without a need to slide all the time4. Home screens cannot be removed or added5. Multi-tasking is un-intuitive except for the help of an app. Difficult to switch between running apps or to even see what's running. Thankfully that was fixed with an app.6. Have found that the touch becomes unresponsive occasionally. This hasn't happened often but when it does it's extremely annoying. Once I attempted to swipe to answer a call and it wouldn't repsons. Had to hit the power button before it responded.7. No recording software out of the box8. Boasts 16GB of storage with a 16GB micro SD card included but actually has 8GB usable storage and I got no micro SD card with mine (Unlocked version)9. Speaker leaves some to be desired10. Adding offline contacts  is too difficultThat's all I can think of for now. Hopefully there will be a software update to address some of the issues mentioned above but still a good and fun phone. No regrets buying this one.JUNE 5th Update as requested:A couple more CONS of note:11. I is indeed ridiculous to have had paid over US$500 for the phone and it came without a warranty. Even if it is an international version.12. Where the options for the image galleries are many, for music playback it is very limited. Music files in the file browser cannot be added to playlists, even a currently playing queue. Also, when multiple music files are selected from the file browser, the only options are 'Download' and 'Open' and open opens a single file. Finally, no option to sort music by location.

Its been about a month since i received my phone. And i can tell you its the best ive ever had. There was a little surprise when i opened the box for mine. It came with the normal charger, plus a car charger and a HDMi cable.. Wasnt expecting those so it was a surprise. i also bought a 16g micros sd. This probably doesnt belong here but i also bought the otterbox commuter case and its pretty great. Its only crashed once and i had to boot it, it was with this game, the phone itself didnt crash, it was just the screen which became unresponsive.Pros- big screen, good speaker, good call quality, amazing built in applications(motocast and smart actions), it is a very fast phoneCons- the battery is not bad but it could be better, coming from an ipod device for my music playing i can say that the way the music app organizes the music in the Razr is far from amazing. its borderline bad. an example of something that particularly annoys me is that when making a playlist within the phone; when i go into an artist for whom i only have a couple of songs with no assigned albums it will wake me into the "unknown album" sector. In IOS the unknown album sector is only for that artist, in the razrs music app that sector is for every freaking song that has no assigned album. So it becomes a real pain making playlists.Apart from that ive experienced no nuisances with the phone and some of my friends are even contemplating buying one. its that amazing.i seriously recommend this phone, dont let reviews talking about how big it is sway you from getting it, i myself was worried, but when i got it i realized they were all just exaggerating or probably have TREX hands.

I love this phone. You gotta like it before buying it in order to love it. Firsts days the battery died pretty quick but once you get used to get the most out of it it can hold the day with decent usage. Installed a 32 GB micro sim card and runs without problem. Once I got more used to it, I could surf the web faster and type all kind of messages even faster. The screen can be as bright as you want but for battery life is better to have it very dim. Signal and data transfer works fine, also the hot spot app is very easy to use and can be used while taking a call. Everything at the same time. Overall I'm satisfied with this phone.And for the last but not least this phone is on the list of Motorola to recieve ICS update this year. Looking forward for more functions, hopefully battery saving and new functions!.

This is my first smart phone purchase and I'm overall extremely pleased but not without any complaints.First the build quality: It looks and feels great.  I would have preferred the top/bottom not to curve in but no biggie.  Gorilla glass is excellent and seems to do a much better job of keeping clean unlike Iphones I see with disgusting oil streaks smeared across them.  Display is larger than Iphone but image quality is slightly lower than the iphone.  The sim card door flap is a disappointment.  It feels weak and cheap unlike the rest of the phone.Touch responsiveness:  Excellent and effortless.  Rarely does the touch/swipe skip a beat.  I have had the phone overloaded on a task and the touch started to skip but 99% of the time it works great and is very responsive.The connection:  I got an android for the 4G and flash.  Flash is pretty useless since hulu does not allow android to connect but the 4G is excellent.  I rarely drop to 3g and the Verizon 4g is very fast.  This phone also allows tethering and it works well.  I do notice a little slowdown versus a dedicated 4g wifi hotspot device but it's close enough.I haven't done a lot of phone calls but based on what I hear from other Verizon owners ATT is awful and plagued with drops calls (i've experienced this on the other end of an ATT call) but the verizon is solid.The Android experience:  Excellent for the most part.  I've experienced gas buddy crashing, google marketplace crashing and I've only used it less than a week.  Not sure if it is the antivirus I installed.  Handset locked up during a call and since the battery is non-removable there is apparently a reset hole on the back of the phone.  That's kind of embarrassing.Moving and storing files is a no brainer.  Phone shows up as a removable drive on windows.  You simply copy/paste to the Razr like a thumb drive.Playing Movies was a pleasant surprise.  NO CONVERSIONS REQUIRED!  Just copy the .avi and use my files app to play the movie.  Makes Iphone look foolish along with the lack of 4g.Built in speaker is a bit weak but I use a headphone anyways.GPS works great and offers different routes / times based on traffic conditions.  Turn by turn navigation and voice command makes regular gps useless.Motorola SmartActions is very useful.  I set a rule for 12:00 AM - 6:10 AM to turn off most all the phone features.  Then during work hours I set GPS/Bluetooth off and set the phone to vibrate.  All of that is automatic and extremely useful.  I'd hate to do that manually everyday.So here are the 3 complaints so far.Application stability.  Too many crashes/1 phone lockup.Unable to remove battery (why copy apple on this horrible feautre?)battery life has to be babied to be worthwhile (have to turn off GPS/Bluetooth/Wifi/4g antenna (using the 3g/4g app).

Very good phone. I bought it for my mom and it has work for her use. She like it very much.

one if best on market honestly better than iphone or galaxy pretty fast on straight talk works great for bring ur own phone deal. great services strong singnal where some phones wnt have service im honestly staying with the rarz line if ur an andriod person then this phones for you.

I have had this phone for about 6mths protected in an otterbox defender. Took it out of my pocket and the LCD under the gorilla glass was cracked. I did a little research and it seems this is an issue with the phone, found out motorola has admitted to verizon that there is a defect. I called verizon today and they will be replacing the phone (with a refurbished phone) because this is now a "known issue". Phone is great but can't look past the fact that this supposed strong and rugged phone has a defective LCD.

I've been in use of this device for about 16 days now.  I gave this magnificent smartphone 4 stars instead of 5 because of the internal storage deception.  To some people it may not be a big deal considering their implementation of MotoCast (I'll come back to that).  When I researched the specs, it was advertised to have had 16GB of internal storage not including the micro-sd expansion capabilities.  However, I got the phone and hooked it up to my MacBook Pro it stated only 8GB of internal storage.  Not a deal breaker but I would have thought something like this would have been stated in a review of some kind.  The Andoid system & OS takes up that much space lol?  Ok, whatever.I previously primarily used the Nokia N8.  The hardware is great in my opinion but the Symbian OS simply can't compare to any Apple or Android OS.  There's a reason Nokia joined with Windows.  After having the Motorola Xoom for several months I  became greatly impressed by the OS.  I figured I would check out what I've been missing in terms of smartphone OSs and purchase my first Android driven smartphone.  The user interface is pretty easy to get accustomed to.  If loading your device with apps is your thing then Market has more than enough.  I've found a ton of useless applications but my fair share of relevant apps.The physical appearance of the Droid Razr is definitely a conversation starter.  Even the iphone fanboys can't help but ask about it.  I've yet to actually take it apart to see how easily the battery can be accessed but that may come in a later review (who knows).  The screen resolution is superb in my opinion.  If I recall correctly the Nokia N8 has a 3.5" screen.  The difference between that and the Droid Razr is more than noticeable.  I've gotten use to the size difference.  I've read reviews about this device being difficult to manipulate with one hand.  I haven't really had this problem.  My hands aren't really all that big but I can hold it single-handedly with no problem.I'm still patiently waiting for an Android version of VLC player.  I'm utilizing MX video player on both the Xoom and Razr.  They work great with avi files but still has a problem with mkv files.  I'm sure I'll continue to have this problem as long as VLC for Android is in production.  MotoCast is pretty cool.  The setup is painless believe it or not.  The streaming capabilities are pretty nice in my opinion.  This program is definitely resourceful.The Nokia N8 has a pretty nice camera.  The camera on the Droid Razr isn't as nice but the difference isn't that noticeable.  I did manage to try out the HD video recording.  Let's just say it works well enough.  I mean, I would be pretty disappointed if it was subpar considering the price you pay for this smartphone.Overall, I'm pretty satisfied.  The design and physical appearance are great.  The OS is definitely an upgrade over what I've been use to (and this isn't even the infamous ICS that it's supposed to receive).  Would I recommend this device?  I sure would.  I also recommend you do your research; perhaps on the Droid 4.0, Galaxy Nexus, Note, and iPhone.  Then take your pick.  At the end of the day you have to ask yourself how much you plan on using this smartphone.

I bought this phone about 2 months ago.  The phone will power off by itself.  Its not in sleep mode because you have to hold down the power button to get it back on and this doesn't always work. Could be hours before the phone will come back on.  Sometimes I finish a call then it just powers of and it wont respond. Doesn't matter if phone is at 50% battery or 90% its the same thing. A 2nd problem is the bluetooth.  Its to tricky to get it to work with other Andriod phones.  I know what your thinking Blue Tooth trick? On this phone it is. Very disappointed. This happened on 2 Motorola x910 phones Amazon has replaced for me. It looks like a great phone but it isn't. When ever you call Motorola Support they act as if the phone doesn't even exist. Calling the support line is at least a 30 minute wait at which time your are being transferred around in a circle of support team. Then they tell you to call Motorola Spain. W.T.H?  Good Luck getting support.  I have had to return this phone 2 times to amazon.  Thank god AMAZON rocks and gave me a refund. NEVER AGAIN MOTOROLA PHONES.  I'm going straight for the SAMSUNG Galaxy S3.PS: Amazon Customer Support is the BEST!!!......................................__.......... ...................................................................,-~*`lllllll`*~,................................... ..............................,-~*`lllllllllllllllllllllllllll`*-,......................................................,-~*llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll*-,.................................................,-*lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll lllll.\.......................... ....................;*`lllllllllllllllllllllllllll,-~*~-,llllllllllllllllllll\............................ ..................\lllllllllllllllllllllllllll/.........\;;;;llllllllllll,-`~-,......................... .................\lllllllllllllllllllll,-*...........`~-~-,...(.(`*,`,..........................................\llllllllllll,-~*.....................)_-\..*`*;..)...........................................\,-*`,*`)............,-~*`~................/.......................................|/.../.../~,......-~*,-~*`;................/.\.................................../.../.../.../..,-,..*~,.`*~*................*...\.................................|.../.../.../.*`...\...........................)....)`~,...... ............................|./.../..../.......)......,.)`*~-,............/....|..)...`~-,...........................././.../...,*`-,.....`-,...*`....,---......\..../...../..|.........```*~-,,,,...............(..........)`*~-,....`*`.,-~*.,-*......|.../..../.../............\........................*-,.......`*-,...`~,..``.,,,-*..........|.,*...,*...|..............\...........................*,.........`-,...)-,..............,-*`...,-*....(`-,............\.............................f`-,.........`-,/...*-,___,,-~*....,-*......|...`-,..........\........

I bought this phone with the expectation that it would basically be a good large screen smartphone. But, boy was I mistaken, this is an awesome cell phone. The operation is as smooth as silk, not a glitch. I use it with simple mobile $40.00 a month plan and ICS operation system. This thing is all you will need in a smartphone for a long time to come. My opinion, best buy! GET ONE ...Nite2

At first glance this is a remarkable piece of equipment. Slick looking, very slim, toughened, sealed case, very large screen.It has a pretty awesome camera with a decent zoom. Flash is quite powerful and overall it provides great shots. Full light photos are crisp and clear with vivid colors. Dusk photos are amazing. Night photography, as expected, is somewhat ill, but that is general to any phone.Most smartphones are heavy power consumers, but this one is dreadful! It never lasted more than 3-4 hours in standby even when it was new! The original battery pack is way too expensive relative to other batteries on the market. Replacement (non Motorolla) batteries interfere with some functionalities of the phone (especially the GPS unit).The phone is sealed, which means you cannot take the battery out when the operating system becomes jammed. In such situations, the warm reset button combination (both volume keys and power pressed together) doesn't always work. If you use this phone for business, like I do, it may cost you a lot at times.I could live with other, minor flaws (like the weak speaker), but the power consumption issue is unforgivable.
