
If you have ever had any android phone, do not buy this since you will not be satisfied with available apps.  If you want a good simple phone that's pretty quick in response is light looks good, is eaSy for texting this is a great phone.  should be only be a 50.00 phone!

This is a great phone, def did not get the attention it deserved. The OS is simple and easy to use, apps are avalable, solid camera and contacts system. Fluid interface, great touchscreen, and easy keyboard. Simple and easy, really a verysolid phone overall.The Shipping was quick and the seller was great as well.

This is absolutely the worst phone I have ever bought. The activation requirement is a big turn off, as well as it is for many. I found so many on the internet who have tried to get past the activation thing. The mic does not work and it is just a pain. I do not recommend this phone.

I might be the only one, but who ever design this phone did not make it for everyday user. there is too much to do before getting into the phone. i have been with the handset for over 48 hours and have not been able to make or recieve a call. i have entered and changed up to 4 set of pass words or secret code required. If i had gotten this phone as a gift, i would have set it on fire.Is good gift for someone u dislike.

I used to have a Palm Pixi with Sprint, and I loved it.So after my Android fell in the water and was rendered unusable, I thought I'd go back to this.Perhaps I made a mistake. I ordered one phone from one seller, and the front speaker was already practically blown--I had to turn up the phone and press it against my ear to even hear a whisper. So I returned it and ordered another from a different seller, thinking it'd be better.The replacement phone came and worked great for maybe two or three weeks. And then the front speaker just quit working one day and hasn't worked since. I never had this problem with my older phone. So I either have to use speaker phone or a headset when talking on the phone. I've had this phone for maybe 3 months now...I guess I'm going to have to buy a front speaker replacement, take the phone apart, and replace it myselfIt's a wonderful phone otherwise, it's just that the front speaker doesn't work on it anymore.

there are some defects on the screen and also battery works only one day with standby time,and less with the talk time.

i ordered this phone and i was pumped to recive it. it took forever to get here, then when it got here the phone was already partially set up.... then when i put my sim card it it dident work. i would not buy this phone again. the palm first run app is incredible annoying.

am lovin it it a real plam fone lite wite neat it workin well cums up pretty fass clear & me lik it aLOT

this phone came in brand new packing and usb data cable and a/c adapter for the price this phone is a steal dont let the other phone reviews fool you this phone has little to no lad and the camera has flash but you can only use the flash two take pics

The product was not unlocked as advertised. I was, therefore, unable to use the phone oversees as I had planned.

It is ok to use a sample phone call. but it is painful experience if you want to use it for calling card because its screen will keep turning off while you try to enter the phone card number.It makes me so mad that i really want to throw this phone against the wall.

I bought this phone because of the price first and then the reviews.  But i must have to say i am pleasantly surprise that the phone is way more than i expected.  Still learning phone, but it is way fun and cool.  Glad i bought.  Would surely recommend for anyone at any age.

I love palm. I always did even when they had annoying windows mobile in them. I dont even care if this one doesnt have the webos 2.0 or higher because it works oerfect as it is. Get it. You wont regret.

I BROUGHT THIS PHONE AFTER MY BLACK BERRY KEEP BREAKING.AND I HAVE TO SAY I LOVE THIS PHONE VERY SLEEK AND PERFECT FOR A WOMEN WITH SMALL HAND'S.AND IT HAVE SO MANY COOL APPS.HOW EVER THE BATTERY DOES NOT LAST NOT EVEN A FULL.BUT I FEEL THIS PHONE WAS WELL WELL WORTH IT AND SO FAR I HAD IT OVER 3WEEK'S NOW AN I'M STILL VERY PLEASED AND IT WORK WITH MY PHONE CARRIER WITCH IS SPRINT.I FINELY FOUND A GREAT GREAT PHONE

Not how it works get the internet service and does not work does not come out to see my schedule I can tell if you need some program to serve only the phone

I with palm stuck around I thought they had some of the most intuitive products out there. If your looking for a cheap backup phone this is great. Extremely small and does almost everything most other phones can do.

I WOULDN'T  RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYBODY.THIS IS THE ONLY PHONE THAT BREAKS MY HEART.I LOVE IT BUT IT DOESN'T CARE AT ALL.IT JUST STOP WORKING WITHOUT ANY WARNING.THE TRUTH IS THAT THE TOUCH SCREEN STOP RESPONDING.THIS IS NOT UNIQUE TO JUST ONE PHONE.I BOUGHT 5 PALM PIXI PLUS AND THIS IS WHAT HAPPEN TO THE 5 OF THEM.THE TOUCH SCREEN FAILS.THATS THE ONLY PROBLEM I KNOW OF.WHY RECOMMEND A PHONE TO SOMEONE WHEN YOU KNOW THE TOUCH SCREEN IS GONNA STOP WORKING?THIS PHONE IS A WAIST OF TIME AND MONEY.TAKING INTO CONCIDERATION THE TIME YOU SPEND TO CUSTOMIZE IT.

I had trouble setting up the phone since it required accessing the Web and I didn't have a data plan.  It would have been nice to specifiy that.  But the phone is a little dream for me!  Slim, easy to use, and gives me a visual message/voicemail signal.  Love it.

of mobile units on the market the Palm Pixi Plus GSM is the best. has long sought a good and cheap phone and Palm Pixi Plus GSM is!.

Well can i start from? well this phone is AMAZING!! Never thought it turn out to be so cool as it was. I bought it from BLUTEKUSA.COM INC and it came COMPLETELY BRAND NEW!! Ever thing was brand new. It came to me like it was packed like a contract phone. Nice box,manuals,etc. Came with oringal charger,phone,usb cord. Ever thing came like it suppose to. I love it, i made it a prepaid cell phone with at&t Gophone service. I had promblems setting it up, and passing the palm setup program but it no problem at all. Some people said that you could use a friend's at&t sims card to bypass the palm setup screen with using their 3g. Well i tried that and it didn't work. I went to at&t store and ask for help about setting this phone up with pre-paid. He use his at&t contract sims's card so i could use his 3g so i could setup up my account with Palm Services. IT DIDN"T WORK! I even repeated the process with using my brother at&t pre-paid sim's card. SAME PROMBLEMS. So using a friend's at&t sim's card is not the best thing to do. He told me the reason why was that every time you buy a new phone and get a new sim's card. That sim's is locked to that phone. So that might be the reason why that method did not work. I had promblems with setting up my fone for about two days. One day i was using hp(palm customer service) and chatting with a representaive for questions on how to bypass the Palm setup because my information i was giving would not go through so he told me to try the process again(at this time i had my at&t sim's pre-paid card in). It did work! It went through. So if you have promblems setting it up call the toll number Palm has so you can get help. Other that that, this phone is great. I also bought the kit with usb cord,earphones,4 cases, charger, and etc from Crazyondigital Corporation they offer. It came as it said, everything came brand new!. I am very please with wifi,apps, internet,camera and etc. with this phone. It is just amazing. Reminds me like the iphone smartphone but its has a nice and a easy userface than the iphone very easy to use. I would definitely recommend this to anyone. It is a good buy, you will LOVE it when you recieve it. 10 Star!! You can reply if you have any concerns,questions or reviews if you would like. :)

It was pretty ok. I bought it for my husband to use with straight talk service. I couldn't get the messaging to work properly even after changing the apn settings.

I got this phone for a prepaid plan. I really like the phone. the only cons are that the battery life is veeeeeeeery short, not so many apps available for this phone.

es bueno, con algunas limitaciones: aplicaciones, bluetooth, no radio, no es personalizable y la bateria no dura mas de un d&iacute;a, aveces dura menis. Aparte de eso, el cel funciona muy bien.. Un sistema operativo muy ameno y agradable. No digo mas ventajas porque eso se lee en la p&aacute;gina oficial.

It's awesome, plug & play with T-mobile.If something can be improved is its memory, it comes with 8 GB and it cannot be replaced. I bought for my daughter, I have an Android and I love mine but this Palm makes me feel old fashion already... only the "Market" from Android is what keeps me with my Android.

I bought this phone last month and still being very happy with it.Although it's not most up-to-date as Android or iPhone (I'm using iPhone too), but in term of "a phone that is smart", it is!It use WebOS old version, who cares. With a small screen like this, you should just use for call, texting, web surfing is okie with mobile version, email is ok (I'm using gmail) with very basic functions. It has Facebook app but don't have push notification as iPhone.With a little trick call Preware, you can customized and make it easier to use.What I like about this phone is it's very easy & quick to make phone call from home screen, not like iPhone.Alarm clock sucks! You should install another app if you wanna make it work.

I loved it very much my only con is that it takes horrible pictures, if you want a cute, tiny, simple phone than here it is :)

I have been looking for something to replace my blackberry ever since I began experiencing problems with it.  I took a bit of a risk after reading reviews about the trouble with setting up this phone, but I was in need of something simple and reasonably priced.Regarding the set up - some reviews tell you that you can research "1.x bypass" instructions, which I did, but upon further research, I discovered that without registering the phone with Palm, SMS, MMS and calling would not work, the phone would only be good for wi-fi related tasks.  When I turned on the phone, it prompted me to create a palm profile and provide an account email.  In order for the phone to verify your email, you DO need data!  I have t-mobile, so I simply called and requested the smallest data package I could get, the cost was $5 for one month of data, and I can cancel it whenever I wish and only pay for the data used.  I restarted the phone and did the process again with very little trouble (just make sure you have at least 3 or 4 bars of service)!I have had the phone for 2 days now, and I absolutely love it!  It is the smallest and lightest phone I have ever owned!  The touch screen is extremely responsive and does not need more than a light tap.  The keyboard looks extremely small, but the keys have a rubberized feel so they are very easy to type on!  It took a little time for me to figure out the menu setup, settings and gestures, but overall I am very happy with this purchase!  If you are looking for a simple smartphone for a good price, I would highly recommend this phone!CONS:-vibrate is VERY subtle-I  cannot send/receive picture messages (I will probably have to call t-mobile to enable MMS)-the camera makes a loud tick when you open app, take pictures and close app(-ringtone selection is awful)

My boyfiend bought this one for funI think it has slim look~But the screen is too small......for me.He likes it ,so I guess 4 stars

I needed a simple messaging phone for T-Mobile's $30/1500 minutes/text plan. I ended up returning this phone as it does not receive texts from some number, most of them iPhones. There was no issue when I used the same SIM inside a blackberry. Ended up getting a $15 kyocera phone on Virgin Mobile from Amazon. Virgin's plan costs the same and gives you 1500 min +1500 messages.

the battery lasted (after 10 days) only 2/3 hours. instructuions no consumer friendly. Price was good, but I don't recommend it

Why did you choose this rating? I loved the very good productWhat you like or dislike this, very good indeed, but to be honest my son destroyed it to the point where I leave it unusable, but worked great thanksWho do you recommended this product? And personally I chose this product browsing AMAZON

I bought this unlocked phone and it looks really great. Great value for money. Hope it will work with other provider

I liked this phone.The touch screen : OkayAlarm : ExcellentThe Keypad : Good.But must warn , you the screen is not great (in terms of strength). I have seen I phone fall down, they get a scratch but not a crack . I got a big ugly crack right across my screen. I was not at all pleased. I do not think the screen protector would have help.FYI. The warranty DOES NOT COVER, CRACK IN THE SCREEN. Please check it. I am going to buy another one soon, But i am having just a second thought of buying a ruggeder screen. I dropped it from couple of feet Yes. I was expected a scratch , but hmmmm...I would say go for it. If you are extremely careful.

I just got this phone and i must say 'I love it!'. I wanted a phone that can download apps, has a full key board and is a touch screen. It is nice a lite and the keyboard is a good size for my big hands. I also love that I can add my movies. They play great. I love the switch that mutes the phone so you don't have to go thru the menu to adjust the settings.Draw backs:Apps store doesn't have a lot of cool free programs like apple. But that's not too bad.The operation manual wasn't the full book. I went online and found a copy. Once again, not bad.All in all, I recommend this phone if you want something simple, light and fun!!

I bought this phone because I wanted an affordable smart phone that I could use to check email and get online to do something basic like read the news or look something up on Google. This phone allows me to do those kinds of things, keep track of tasks and personal events/appointments. It definitely doesn't have the speed and memory that real smart phones do -- you can't have more than 1 or 2 apps open at once when you are using the internet, but it is a good deal for the price. I haven't had any major issues with it. It will occasionally freeze up temporarily when I am trying to do too much or the page it is loading uses a lot of memory, but it unfreezes after a minute or two. Surprisingly, it plays YouTube videos very well. The speakers are not bad for the size of it. The battery lasts 1-2 days with normal use if you turn off wifi and data except when you need it and turn off automatic email sync.

the phone works fine, it allows me access the wifi in my school and it is easy to use. there is however many issues with the phone. if you send messages to other countries, it only accepts them but doesn't allow you to send a message back. my other phone was a little outdated but it allowed me to send and receive messages from mexico.

If I was living in the states, I would return this. I have no fault with the WebOS, its a wonderful phone OS, it could do with a SD card slot is my main quirm over its design. But something very wrong with the charging/power of this device from source, or the one I got. Charge does not last a full 24 hours even if the phone has not been used much in a day. This makes my Nexus One charge time look good. This phone tends every now and then to power itself off, and when you go to it, you end up having to reboot the OS which takes a few minutes to start. Then one night I plugged it in to charge and by morning it was off and the battery had not charged, I had to fiddle with plugging it till it would start charging again, and that is bad cuz I am on my way to work and I need the phone available. All I can say is save your money and buy a cheaper Android device than this phone. I eventually might replace it with another Android phone. And of course, with Android at least you can get apps for it. I am very disappointed with this, especially since I used to be a Palm fan, having owned a Handspring Visor (that still works) and Palm TX (which also had a few issues which should have told me a Palm device is no longer as good as it used to be).

The Palm Pixi Plus is a lot of phone in a small package.  Only complaint is lack of mobile hotspot.

I had trouble activating it since I don't have a data plan. I had to borrow a friend's sim card to activate it.The first few days I had it, I already had trouble with the touchscreen and it always did a static sound during calls. It doesn't pick up a very good signal. I know it's the phone and not my service because I only bought this to replace my Blackberry, and my Blackberry with the same carrier worked fine and could pick up signals well in the same locations.I've had this phone for almost a year now and I still keep having problems with it. It shuts down randomly even when the battery is more than half full. I also can't receive or send MMS using it. The case around the phone is rubber, so it wears off after a while.

Best phone I've ever had. Very easy to use, fast, and simple. I put my sim card in and it was ready to go. I will never get another brand of phone besides palm.

THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKEDu must have a data plan for first use of this phonethey dont tell u thatyou need to find a workaround the initial app (which is requiring a data plan)- but then you still need a palm profile to activate use of the app catalogue and you need  a data plan to get a palm profile.the phone is not unlocked for prepaid usersthe phone is not unlocked for users without a data planthe phone is back in its box - not much to do wit it yet, obviously.UPDATEas of SEP 2012, this phone has been resetting itself to different dates and times like 2009, or even 2015this messes up your email, calender planner, etc...and your alarms and remindersit also affects your timelines for photos and videosget another phone pplthis one is worth palm paying you to use it

If you want a truly affordable and capable smartphone you just found it. This little phone is far from perfect, but at about $70 it's hard to find a better unlocked cell phone. Here a list of pros and cons.Pros:-Price, as I stated above.-Physical keyboard. Not really necessary for some people, some others love this.-Wifi+3G internet options.-Capable of viewing pdf and office files (just view them, not edit them).-Multi touch capacitive touch screen.-Simple operating system and user interface.-Cheap accesories (for $8 you get a touchstone charger and back cover).-Great back up from an online community (WebOS Nation, preware and WebOS Quick Install softwares give you access to lots of unofficial apps without rooting/jailbreaking).-8 Gigabytes of internal storage.Cons:-Weak processing power and limited multi tasking (if you open many apps at once or even just for no reason, you'll get random restarts).-Long boot times. Looooooong boot times are long.-Small screen and small keys (not recommended for people with limited vision, but this also makes the phone highly pocketable).-Less than impressive camera at 2 megapixels, with a mediocre sensor and lens.-Limited number of apps, app development is practically dead/stopped.-Non upgradable operating system (but with a phone this old, that's expected).-Hard-to-find settings for some vital issues like data roaming.-No microSD card (but then again 8 gigs of internal storage).This phone is NOT at the entry level to the smartphone world in terms of usabilityfor non experienced tech users (especially not for senior citizens / older adult people with no previous experience in the tech world). But it's worth it. And does have an entry level price. You'll need to learn to use it and get along with some software issues, but at this price you won't find any better.It makes a GREAT low-budget gift for geeky teenagers or kids, especially if they like Linux or open source software in general. Don't expect to see them impressed, but as a first smartphone it gives you the opportunity to be playful at very little expense.

I like this product, is not one of the top product, but is very nice.Actually is working very  good

this phone is not reliable . ive had it for a little over a month and it shuts off repeatedly for hours at a time , and does not turn on until i plug it into the charger . the touchscreen freezes up and some of the buttons dont work . two weeks after i had this phone the volume switch stopped working so my phone is permanantely on vibrate . its difficult to download apps and the camera freezes and is extrememly slow also . i reccomend NOT getting this phone .

I purchased this junk, and I am regret that forgot hp make this palm pixie. Do not throw away your money and time for this piece of junk.

This is a real nice phone. Yes, it's small. But, it packs a lot into a small package. It is fast and has real good call quality. I recommend it.

The Palm Pixi Plus is a great phone. It works great with my T-Mobile SIM card and the only problem I have had with it is the lack of picture messaging. But, you can't have everything. So, other than that, the Plus is awesome! Messaging is extremely easy and the physical keyboard is amazing.

At first the phone seemed ok and I really enjoyed it. Then all of a sudden, the back starts to warp and doesn't fit my phone right. My phone is always saying that I have too many cards open when I have no cards open at all. It doesn't copy and past or have a place for the sd card, which is a major drawback. However, the worse part about this phone is that now I can only text because somehow, some way, my phone does not have sound. This is quite frustrating. Since now I can now longer talk on the phone, which totally defeats the purpose of having a phone.

Bought this to replace my lost TMobil phone since my contract wasn't up for two months.  Never had a smart phone, but I've been very pleased with this phone.  It was very easy to set up, put in my SIM card, set up my profile and it was up and running.  Deleted the data option and quickly got online; without a data plan.  The usage is intuitive but for those little questions, online support is awesome.  It is quite small, which I love.  I've been turned off by other, big, clunky smartphones.  I do think it's more of a woman's phone since it's small, thin and the keyboard is tight.  It's GSM quad band so I'll also be able to use it when I travel to Europe.

Great phone overall.Pros:- It is very light! ,- responsive,- has a very good OS (webOS),- can be used as a USB stick (8GB),- and more importantly, is unlocked.- The price really doesn't do this phone right,- and the build quality is nice.Cons:- There aren't as many applications as you'd like on the palm store (skype/netflix... are absent).- No support for google music, iTunes, Amazon cloud music, etc... So the available (non-expandable) memory will have to suffice.- webOS is a dying OS. HP seems to be giving up on it. In any case, updates for the pixi have been stopped for a while, long before HP gave up on webOS for mobile.... that's about it for now.I haven't had the chance to test the battery life yet.FTR, when I received the phone, I wasn't prompted to enter/create my palm account. I couldn't go into the appstore, or update the phone. I did reset the phone, and turned it back on with a T-mo sim card. Only then did I create an account, and was then able to go into the appstore. It seems to me that the phone might have been returned by someone else before I got it. Maybe not. The problem seems solved now. More importantly, note that a reset did not cancel to unlocking of the phone (a major concern initially).It seems to me that this phone beats any other unlocked phone that costs less than 200$.Happy shopping.

Eh, give it 6 months till it gets fried. It was an okay fun but randomly it would start doing its own thing without me touching it.

the phone was delivered super fast, in like just a day(amazonprime). Great phone, it is indeed unlocked for gsm carriers, i'm using it in Costa Rica (with the local carrier) and the 3g works fine(3g speed in costa rica is not very good, the system is overloaded). However the battery life is not quite the best, it lasts about a day with 3g and wifi. It has good signal quality(i previously onwed an iPhone 2g and this palm has signal in places where the iphone didn't have. Pricing is just awsome, plus if you want to use it on a CDMA network, tbat version of the phone it's even cheaperPS: I really hope that the screwup that had hp last month won't affect too much palm, Inc.

I broke my T-Mobile phone and was several months away from being due for an upgrade from them, so I began my search for a replacement. I found this Palm Pixi and read mixed reviews on whether or not it would work with T-Mobile, as well as several reviews on difficulty getting the phone started up and registered, etc. I took my chances and ordered this unlocked phone. When it arrived I took the battery out, put my SIM card from my T-Mobile phone in the slot, replaced the battery, and turned the phone on. I had to do about 2 minutes of registration with Palm, then it was up and running. It worked right away with no trouble at all! What a relief after reading the reviews. I was worried it might be difficult. It may have been easy for me, though, because I do already have a data plan so I didn't have to do anything special like turn data off. So I've been using the phone for a few days now and I am happy with it. There are a decent amount of apps, the camera is all right, call quality is good...it took me a bit to get used to the interface but you'll have that with any new phone.So, in summary, this phone IS unlocked when ordered from Amazon, and does work with T-Mobile hassle free. (Provided you have a data plan.)

Well, it's not quite that bad.  You can turn the phone on, but you have to create a Palm Profile immediately before you can do anything else.  That wouldn't be so bad, except that you need to be on a 3G plan to create the Palm Profile.  If you don't have a data plan, you can't create the Palm Profile.  If you can't create the Palm Profile, you can't use the phone.You can edit a developer's version of the firmware, and use linux to load that onto the phone allowing you to bypass the Palm Profile creation.  But unless you're prepared to do that, this phone will essentially be inoperable without a data plan.  (But it is certainly possible.  If you're handy with linux and the command line, it's not really all that bad.)I imagine that you could start with a data plan to create the Palm Profile and then downgrade to a talk & text plan.  Or even borrow a friend's sim card (if they have a data plan.)  But don't expect to use this phone as a "feature phone" without a data plan.

This was a phone my son previously had...then lost! I found it on Amazon and was pleased by both the product and delivery process.

was a great phone, wifi capable was important to me, the texting was very simple, and easy to do one handed.  Used third party program to get past the webOS palm profile activation.  with a hard-to-find otterbox case and a screen protector, i dropped this phone thousands of times and it didnt break because of impact.  Recently i broke it by no fault of the phones, i applies too much pressure on it with the clip of a pocket knife that shared a pocket. i may get the phone again.

Web OS NO APPS, nice user interface, an orphan/Palm Pixie Plus - works well on Consumer Cellular GSM network, provides user friendly Internet access, Gmail access, Google Calender access, fair camera; at a very low price.  Would I buy another, NO.  I just wanted a cheap, user friendly smart phone to use with Consumer Cellular, next time I'll go with Android for the apps.

First I will talk about how well the phone works and below I will talk about how I activated and set up the phone with AT&T; gophone without a a data plan.In short the phone is good, but not great, at what it is supposed to do. However, what it is supposed to do is quite extraordinary at this low of a price point. The screen is limiting such that it's best for limited, occasional use to look things up or see a youtube video. I wouldn't want to watch a whole movie on it or browse the web for an extended period of time because it is so small. The multitasking works, but it sometimes slows down. If found that overclocking the phone helped quite a bit with relatively little loss to battery life and no stability problems, so this is something I recommend. The notification system is excellent and works flawlessly. The app store works well, there are enough apps to get by with one's needs but not enough to be impressed. The keyboard is great and comfortable, and the device is aesthetically nice. I find that WebOS is really quite polished, and has some nice keyboard shortcuts.  The camera is low resolution but still much better those of dumbphones. Basically, you are getting a feature rich smartphone which is really only held back by it's weak processor, small screen, and relatively small app ecosystem. You don't get what you pay for, you get much much more than that. Still, users looking for a smartphone with the specs of a current gen iphone or android device should look elsewhere.I bought this phone with looking to set it up with gophone prepaid 10 cent per minute plan, no data. There was a lot of talk about problems activating the phone because it uses data to do so. I read up on the possibility of doctoring it to get past the activation screen, but I did not want to do this because Palm stated this would prevent phone, text, an data usage. IE, it would just be a wifi device.Here was the solution, I bought a cheapo gophone from radioshack with a sim card in it and put it in the pixi. The shopkeeper activated it for me, but it is possible to do this online at [...]. I added 25 dollars of regular minutes to my plan, and also added 5 dollars of data for the activation. As soon as the phone was activated, I used the palm pixi settings to turn off data, such that it would only be a wifi device with phone and texting. Also, I gave everybody my Google Voice number instead of the gophone number, and set it up with Google voice in order to be able to send texts for free when in wifi range (which I am most of the time). I recommend the Voogle app for WebOS, it's not perfect but it works. Naturally, using Google voice is completely optional. Right now, the phone is perfect for my needs, and I am spending relatively little money.

it's ok if you just need a phone for calling/short messages. the worst thing is that the phone doesn't support SIM STK services, also MMS function is awful. at the current situation, I prefer to android phone instead of webos any more.

The phone can be unlocked, but it is advertised as being unlocked, and well that's a false statement. Aside from that little rant, I am using this phone on the AT&T; network, so I knew I was going to be fine, and in fact its great.This phone is just enough smart, without being overly complex. The touch screen is simple and fast, the keys are tiny but easily adjusted to, and the settings on the phone are quite fast to get accustomed to. Don't feel cheated if you order this phone for AT&T.; The one thing many reviewers point out that you should know is you need data in order to activate the phone. Without data service the phone will not be able to verify status on the palm network. The line I got this for is not on data, so I simply took a sim card that had a data plan on it, placed it in the phone for the first turn on, let it do the motions, took the sim card out, placed the data free sim card in the device, and sure enough, works like a charm! Keep in mind if you ever format the phone you will have to use another sim card with data to get it going agian. However, if you leave the phone as is, you will not have to worry with a data account again.

The phone is a low end smartphone so don't expect a powerhouse performer.  For the price, it is excellent!  The screen size leaves more to be desired, but this is made up by the ease of navigation with either the touchscreen or QWERTY keyboard.  This is a plus for those who prefer physical keys.  It has built in Wi-Fi and that's a huge plus, since you can always use it instead for faster download/uploads and streaming.  Using this phone on T-Mobile monthly unlimited plan for $50.  Hard to beat that on a contract plan.  A plus, which I think is neat, is that you can do screencapture shots on WebOS unlike on Android, unless it's rooted.  One big downside is the volume of the ringer, it is pretty low, even at the loudest setting.  I have read that this is due to the ringtone files originally created at a low volume setting (Hz).  A work around, which I have yet to try is to edit the ringtone files by increasing their amplitude with a third party app.  Well hope that does work, since it is quite annoying not to hear the phone ring or message alerts, alarms, etc.

The cellphone is awesome for the price, but if you don't live in a supported country you wouldn't be able to access the App Catalog (App Store like). So you won't be able to download any "extra" app such Facebook, Angry Birds, etc.The phones does come unlocked (I got it directly from Amazon, don't know about the other sellers), looks very good and the webOS is a very solid and beautiful OS. If you're looking for a cheap, modern, and unlocked phone the Pixi plus is the best one!

I ordered a gsm unlocked phone and a cdma locked phone was sent instead. I have returned the phone and nothing was done to replace my order

This is single handedly the worst phone I've ever had.If you're low tech, dont text much, dont use many apps, and pretty much just use the phone to talk for shorter periods of time you may not see any problems for the first few months.The bf and I both had this phone and both of us had to have it replaced within a few weeks for various issues ranging from:~screen short outs~the system saying you have "too many cards open" (which is like running several apps or activities at once) when nothing was open at all~and the device shutting off randomly when at full battery, as well as other problems.The list of issues and things I simply dislike goes on...~The battery time on this phone is awful compared to iphone 4s and droid razr (which we've replaced our phones with).~The alarm doesn't have a specific date set just weekdays, once, etc.  You can set it in the calendar though.  The REAL problem with the alarm or event calendar is even if you have stuff set to ring sometimes it will only vibrate so you wont wake up or hear it.  AND sometimes it wont even vibrate.  Occasionally I would see something out of the corner of my eye... just my screen saying my alarm is going off no ring or vibrate.  It's caused me to be late to work and other events.  Nowadays if you buy a smart phone it should at minimum be able to do simple $5 alarm clock functions.  If you travel and dont always stay at hotels you might want to bring an alarm clock - I would have my friend call me some days when I really had to be up for something just incase. which brings me to my next issue~Sometimes even in an area where I have full bars I wouldn't receive calls. I'd just get a beep I had a new voicemail or occasionally nothing until either that person called me again or I happened to call them for something and they'd ask why I didnt call them back earlier.... simply b/c the call never came through.  The same thing would happen to my bf.  If we called eachother and the other didnt answer we'd call back at least 2 more times to make sure it wasn't just a phone error - more often than not it was.  Haven't had this issue with our new phones... PALM PROBLEM.~Adobe isn't updated so while it has a version it doesn't work on any of the sites I use. (as of a month ago)~Phone locking up frequently when merely trying to do something simple such as sending a text or placing a call.  You cant get the phone to just turn off and restart using the button either - you have to remove the battery. (which you cannot easily do with the pixi. on the pre it's easier)~The bf's phone was so quiet when on max volume he had to use speakerphone to speak to people (my phone didnt have this issue - just his)~When upgrading to our iphone and razr phones we've had FAR fewer dropped calls and rarely any "what did you say your phone cut out" problems.~There are far fewer apps for this phone which isn't a big deal as far as games go, but shopping list apps and dieting/exercising apps, and others are things that really simplify your life and can make chores fun.~Sometimes it is unable to answer a call, place a call, or use the internet which would last from a few minutes to several hours and my cell provider says there shouldn't be any issues. Oddly enough text both incoming and outgoing remains working during this time. Restarting the phone makes no difference.  Eventually it just works again until then text is your friend. (no problems with this since getting better phone but previously had this issue at least once/month)~Using the internet for more than one or two short things/day requires you to clear the history every or every other day as your internet will just not load any pages.  If you clear the history and reboot the phone it works fine again. (have unlimited data - dont have this issue on razr/iphone so it's not the provider)~Rebooting the phone takes several minutes. Turning on the iphone/razr is substantially quicker.... I could go on, but unless someone pays me for a book deal I'd just be writing one for free.You get what you pay for.  If you can manage to hold out for a while longer until you've got more money saved up you'll be much happier with several of the andriod options out there (or dare I say it an iphone - not my preference but I'd use the original iphone over palm pre or palm pixi any day).The pre is the same OS and technology as the pixi and has the same issues only more problems with its screen shorting out.  It's merely a slide out version of this phone so the whole front is a larger screen.The whole reason I got a Palm was because I had a Palm PDA before smart phones came out years ago and it was wonderful. I dont think I will ever buy Palm products again. This is the only phone I've ever not be happy I purchased.  I got it for $100 WITH a case, car charger, phone screen covers, headphones and bluetooth from my cell company when I signed 2 year contract. The price is this cheap now for a reason.Verizon here is no longer carrying Palm phones is what I was told when I went to get a new phone (which i got before my 2 year contract was up b/c I just could't use the phone any longer).  The man working there told me it was because they had so many "defective" phones being returned just days after purchase & more phones returned in the first few months they had to replace with new or refurbished. He also said that they had a lot of unhappy customers who purchased palms and wished they'd shelled out more money for a better phone.  Yes they're salesmen they'll agree with me and they want to sell higher dollar phones, but I hadn't told them what phone I even had yet when I got there.  When they asked to help me I said do you guys not carry palms anymore b/c I dont see any on your shelves.  After he explained I told him I was one of the people with problems and wanted to replace mine.

I'm writing this review on the Pixi because I'm still learning to type on this monster. The keyboard feels great and very respinsive but my thumb can cover it entirely. ithe keys are rounded, as are your thumbs, so there really isn't much need to type with your fingernails. The hardware on this thing is a bit below average compared to the newer phones but this is definitely one of the better unlocked cell phones out there. The battery life is a bit short but the charger is really cool if you get the inexpensive touchstone charger and it charges in about 2 hours.I don't have a data plan and I'm on tmobile but it really isn't a problem because there a variety of ways to bypass the registration and oncr that's done , there is nothing to worry abput since you can turn off data usage by going to the dial pad, pregernces in the upper left menu, and turning off the data usage. I love going on the internet with this thing and the wifi is definitely a plus. That 3 minutes to write.

I wanted to buy a non expensive smartphone that wouldn't let me down, bought this one as I've used an old Palm Pre with the big antenna and kind of like it. To my surprise, WebOS is one of the best mobile OS I've used with multitasking. Struggled a bit setting up APN settings to use data on this smartphone as my carrier wasn't listed on this device's carrier settings and it wouldn't let me manually set APN but I googled it and found information on how to set it. I love this phone as of now, the UI is amazing I wasn't expecting to have multitasking on such a small device, the screen is small and the buttons aren't that easy to use with my big fingers but of course I was expecting that. I'd recommend this device to anyone on a budget but still wants to be able to check his email, Facebook and all. I love WebOS!

Great smartphone, i like it too muchGood build quality, has delivered on date that seller put in order info.It has all feautures that website says.Great camera quality and fast internet WiFi, easy to use and install apps, i have installed some free apps with linux kernel (Palm's website gives you a complete software SDF to develop apps for all webOS devices)100% recommended, (seller and phone!)I'm from colombia, i have right now my pixi plus with a colombian carrier totally free!If you are latino you can use a P.O. BOX to get your phone

the product is as described and the shipping right on time. its an excellent transaction and a good product which i will always recommend to people

The phone has all the features of a Iphone but without the price tag. I can't believe the price of $77.00 for this phone. I've had this phone for 2 weeks and love it. I can use the wi-fi to check my emails from work surf the net for sports news. I truly recommend this phone.Update 06/18/12: Had problems with the phone shutting down doing calling and receiving calls. Called the warranty manufacturer still had month left before expires. They told me the phone was out of warranty and that I wasn't the original owner. The phone I purchased was refurbished.So contacted Amazon customer service who had me send email to the seller SMART PHONE DEALS. The seller never replied back to me. So Amazon gave me a $20.00 promotional credit to my account. Don't buy from seller SMART PHONE DEALS.

i bought two.. one from amazon and the other from unlockedcellphones, they came in different presentations, boxes... so the cellphone its faster than my blackberry 9100, very nice, and you can download a lot of aplications, and you can use google talk in order to be in contact with people that have blackberry, pc, or any phone...the keyboard is nice! i use it with movistar and has 3G, i will buy it again!!very happy with this cellphone the youch screen is fast, and the camera its ok!

Is not an unlocked phone, you need to run some programs to modify the software of the phone in order to work with others companies different than at&t, also the battery is not very good, it is hard to survive a day.

I receive a locked phone not a unlocked one. This is very sad, I can not even turn it on

I like the phone a lot the only reason I rated it 3 instead of 5 stars is because palms customer service (done by HP) is awful. The problem with buying an unlocked phone is that your carrier will not guarantee it so any repair or replacements have to be done directly from the manufacturer. The side of this pixi has a "mute switch" similar to the one on iphones. mine fell off and now my phone is stuck on silent. even though its under warranty its expensive to fix unless I'm willing to go without a phone for 2 weeks while they inspect, repair and send it back. Its a good phone just pray you dont have any problems!

PROS-The phone is very light-the portrait qwerty keyboard layout, and just type functionality give very quick access to apps, contacts, web searches-application card metaphor works very intuitively for switching, arranging, dismissing apps-ringer switch is very convenient-Synergy on webos lets you pull and consolidate information from many accounts into the phone (yahoo, gmail, exchange)-notifications are unintrusiveCONS-so far battery life is poor, it barely makes the day with moderate use-the back of the phone gets hot after some minutes web browsing-the App Catalog is not available in some countries, based on the country where you activate your phone, not even for free apps-The phone is disabled when you connect it as a usb drive to the computer

I don't write many bad reviews. Honest. But I have to make an exception here.I bought a Pixi to replace my aging and slowly failing Centro. The Pixi is a nice looking, slim, easy to carry phone. It also has the touch screen features of other more modern smart phones, and this should certainly make it more user friendly than the older Palms.Well, here's my experience. Bottom line - this phone is junk. It shuts off and reboots itself constantly. I'm talking - six, eight, ten times a day. I'm trying to take a picture - it freezes & reboots. I'm trying to check something on the calendar - it freezes and reboots. I'm trying to make a call - it freezes and reboots. I'm receiving a text - it freezes and reboots.Some online research shows that I'm not by any means the only person having this problem. And sadly, there seem to be no answers. A few theories on what causes the problem, but no fixes.So, I've come up with my own fix. I've ordered a used Palm Centro. Should be here in a couple of days. At that time, my Pixi will become an expensive paper weight, possibly the only job this junker can handle without being hampered by the constant freezing and rebooting.

I got this phone for a friend, and it had one serious issue - the battery wouldn't hold a charge. HP claimed that the phone is out of warranty, and refused to address the problem. This isn't the first time I've had problems with getting HP to support their products, and I didn't want to deal with them again, so I returned the phone. I would never buy anything from HP again.

The unlocked Palm Pixi Plus is probably one of the best deals out there in terms of all the features you get for the price you pay. The phone looks built with quality and is very thin, thinner than the original Motorola RAZR. You can certainly put it in your pant's front pocket comfortably. The phone's back cover is made out of rubber which protects the phone from scratches and impacts even on its sides. The Palm user interface is elegant and intuitive. The keyboard is on the smallish side but the keys are easy to feel due to their 3D profiles. Most people have problems getting through the initial setup on this phone if their service does not include data. This is because the phone requires that you set a palm profile requiring this capability. The easiest way around this is to borrow for 5 minutes a SIM card from a friend that does have a data plan. This would allow you to complete the initial setup after which you can turn the phone off and put in your non-data-plan SIM card. You will then be good to go.

I would have to say that I would go back to my very first flip phone before I used this one again. There are little to no apps available, it is slow and the back started to break around the edges after only a few months. It is considered a smart phone and requires a plan to match but it is the dumbest phone I have used yet.

Only had it for a week or so but i ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT. Battery life is somewhat weak (but it LASTS THROUGH THE DAY at least so it does not really bother me), but the apps, the layout, the way it works, the sliding, calling, texting (kinda small keys though, so OGERS might struggle with that), memos, alarms, calendar, music, etc works perfectly and so SMOOTHLY it's amazing. Even the camera that is only 2.0 MP performs well!IMPORTANTThe phone HAS TO be set up with a sim card that has an internet plan. However, once the phone is set up you can switch back to a sim w/o internet plan.

believed me! i will not recommend this product.the rating system is not reliable, i bought this because it had 4 star on the review system.i had it for a month only.i had the battery fully  charged ,the battery almost gone when i left on my desk over night.i will try to return it.

EXELENTE TELEFONO Y PRECIO TACTIL Y QWERTY 8GB Y EL RESTO LA ACTIVACION ES MUY FACIL AQUI EN ECUADOR E INMENDIATA CON WIFI O LAS REDES MOVISTAR O CLARO...............RECOMENDADO.....

I bought this phone for my Son's birthday. We needed an unlocked GSM, fo him to use on Telcel in Mexico. When we put in his telcel card it asked us to create a Palm Profile. Putting in all the details it still didnt work, as there was no internet set up. After a couple of hours of Googling and frustration, we tried my AT&T; sim card and it connected straight away. (I was on data Roaming in Mexico) We removed the At&T; card and put in the Telcel card, and all worked fine. The moral of that story is even though the phone is unlocked, you need an active sim card with 3G to activate the phone.Apart from that good phone.

operating system is way apart from any other usual smart phones. very impressed with its functionality.Great service and i praise and thank them for selling an unlock phone which worked perfect with my -Indian (uninor)Malaysian (digi) andSingapore (3M) SIM cards

A palm OS fan would be thrilled to have a faster Palm phone with a bigger hard disk, where he can use all the old applications he has grown fund of in the past years, well if you are this person, don't make my mistake and don't buy this horrible AT&T; mutant phone, it is not usefull for any specialist or a serious business man, the aplication gallery is really scrawny and poor and the available application are not worth paying for unless you want to use this phone like any classical "not in no way" a smart phone.But I had read before many reviews and found out about the "classic" application , so I said that's OK, this can help, but surprise, this application is discontinued and you cannot buy it any more.And the worst thing was when I was traveling to europe, this "smart" AT&T; phone decided "on his own" to choose the roaming carrier that pleases to AT&T; even I was over paying, and when I tried to change the roaming carrier, I found out that this pixi was such a so "stupid phone" where you cannot change the roaming carrier, and where you cannot use it for wap service.And the final blow came when I was abroad and after all the problems I had the brilliant idea of making a "hard reset" to erase all the data, and guess what my phone booted well, and then the smartest screen popped in my face: I have to activate my phone in order to be able to use it, and guess what also, it can only be activated over the AT&T; network, so if you are not an AT&T; user you get to have to use this phone and never reset it, or it will cease to function!!!!!! unless you want to buy an AT&T; plan, so be carefull!!!In summary I really regret buying this piece of "electronics", I could have spent my money on charity.

This cellphone from att is actually great for t-mobile as well, so far, the keys are small and so is the phone but it would be a bigger problem for those with bigger fingers. Some things with the system like unable to put in a sim card but has 8g space.

I got this phone as a replacement for an old Nokia feature phone that broke. I use T-Mobile in the US, and mainly use my phone to make phone calls. Thus, I didn't want to get a smart phone (from T-Mobile) and the associated data plan requirements so I decided to get an unlocked phone. I did decide that wifi would be a good feature to have if I didn't have to pay much more for it.What I like:One of the cheapest wifi unlocked GSM phoneThe phone works as advertised, makes calls, text message, and with wifi you can surf the internetIt is pretty light (3.2 oz), yet the screen size is decent size (2.6" screen)It is easy to set up (once you get pass the bypass (see below!))Good battery life (2 days of moderate phone talking with data and wifi turned off)What I don't like:The phone ringer and vibration is weakThe phone screen dims randomly when you make phone calls (this is bad when you have to hit buttons like when you're entering keys for customer service calls)The phone is not as user friendly (no profiles, contacts are hard to organize, messenging detail is not well organized, waking up the phone is cumbersome) as my old Nokia.The camera is not goodI cannot comment on Apps since I have not been able to access the Apps store (I think I need a data plan for that). There is one useful Apps that comes with the phone that is useful but only work when you're connect to wifi (Google Map).Overall, for the price paid, I like this phone and would recommend this to somebody in my same position.------------Although this phone is relatively easy to use, the initial start of this phone is difficult. When you first turn on the phone and put SIM card in, the phone will try to activate through Palm (which I believe may force you to get a data plan but I'm not sure). Since I didn't want a data plan, I wanted to skip this. So to skip, you have to run the Activation-Bypass Tool (see Palm website).***Be sure you have the latest version of JAVA (see Java website) and webOS SDK-PDK (see Palm website) installed on your computer otherwise the Activation-Bypass Tool program may not work***

I love my Palm Pixi Plus. The item reached in great condition. I'm totally satisfied with my purchase. If you're looking for an entry-level smartphone, this one's for you. I highly recommend it.

THIS REVIEW IS SPECIALLY FOR T-MOBILE USERS BUT OTHER CARRIER USERS WILL FIND IT USEFUL.*****Five Star for Phone coolness and value*One Star for T-Mobile setup but it is doable>>>>1-18-2012 author update - even if you do not have a data plan or a data phone, T-Mobile autoactivates it for you when needed unless you have called them and said block it forever. So, watch your bill because the autoactivation rakes up serious fee. This may have been why our phone registered with Palm even though we had no data plan. Still loving this phone a month later.&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;Just going to make some quick notes here to share the configuration tricks for T-Mobile and save you some major frustration. Love phone features but setup takes experience so if you are not willing to learn, forget this phone, you will be sending it back to Amazon anyway.If you ever had a Palm Pilot you will love this phone. Basically after setting up the Palm account you sync it to your PC or Mac desktop, Google or Palm cloud accounts using the Palm desktop software just like you would a Palm, that is the secret here. Just follow that logic.So here we go-- Phone unlocked for any carrier for sure so this not an issue- T-Mobile is not one of the carriers listed on HP for this  phone support cause T-Mobile doesn't sell Palm- HP now owns Palm, bought Palm in early 2010. HP needs to  do a better job marketing and phone support, but there is lots of good HP documentation but no place do they spell out the process so I am trying to that here to some extent.- Box and phone logo says ATT but it will work with others this is a good reason for an ATT and T-Mobile merger.- All the chatter about needing a data plan is confusing and misleading. All we needed was a SIMM card, mine was T-Mobile. Lets face it, most modern carriers use 3G which is all it takes to make a Palm account and that is in the documentation. You DO NOT NEED TO BUY A DATA PLAN. Maybe if you are in Iran you might, but we live in the USA which knows how to do technology the right way.- Palm account is easy to make, it is a cloud account to store your phoneinformation for backup and recovery you need and want that. If you already have a Palm Pilot account, try using that one, it may work with the phone and then you are in like flint. Be sure you have a few bars of signal, If you have a problem with signal, you know where to go to get a good signal and even show the 3G.-I'm replacing a T-Mobile , and Palm is not a T-mobile phone so you are on your own setting it up and transferring contacts, it will not show up as a personal phone in your My T-Mobile login.-To get T-Mobile Contacts search their site for how to export contacts, it is limed but workable. You basically select print contacts but before actually printing, cut and paste them to Excelfrom your My T-Mobile contacts login into Excel spread sheet and save the correct columns then save as a CSV file.-download the latest Palm Desktop Software and install there is Mac and Windows versions, when installing give the same name to the install user name prompt as you gave your Palm account when setting up. In the software click Contacts, go to file and import. Browse to T-mobile excel contact CSV file you made above in import. Look at contacts to be sure they came across. You can change viewing order later.-Plug in your Palm phone to the PC USB port now try a sync with your phone, it is just like the old days syncing your Palm Pilot. This is why it is important to have the same name on your palm phone and palm desktop software.-If that does not sync as hoped, download the HP Palm Data Transfer Assistant (DTA). It seems to port contacts and such even if the names do not match.- Only problem I had was if you had a Palm on your PC at one time, that name is still there and probably the contact data also and DTA can pick the wrong data, so be sure to have the PALM account name the same as the Palm Desktop software, it is easy to rename of make a new one.-If you set the wrong Contacts, do a Palm phone reset and set up the phone again using the same Palme account because you now have one from the first go around.-Be patient with all software and updates it is slow but once done things are speedy.That's basically it and if you can follow these instructions at all it will take about 1/2 hour.-My next project is to sync Palm to my Google contacts in the cloud.- Wireless is a snap--Mobile APPs are easy to read on screen-full size browser will be tiny but you can finger expand it-Read Manual to get case crack information and general operation notes.

when i first looked @ the phone i thought it would be a good phone,so i ordered it. Now that i got it,I dont like it because it wont take a memory card,It won't download no apps andf i can't download no music to listen to while im @ work. I'm going to buy a different phone and just keep this one as a backup phone

Hello Amazoners,I bought this product 2 months ago for my 14 year old cell phone eating monster. Literally, my kid is a cell phone destroyer. At the beginning my 14 year old didn't like it because the buttons were too small, and she claimed she would have a hard time texting. First of all: there is no hard time for texting for any teenager !! Kids now a days are born with super fingers !! After a few days my kid started loving her new phone.The Pixie is an affordable smart phone that can be bought by any parent on a tight budget. It's easy to manage, cute, light weight, and batteries last a long time. It has bluetooth, wifi, camera and others. The back cover can easily be changed to any other color.Also, my daugther started having problems with the phone. She was not able to hear the caller in the other end of the line. Easy fix I found at Fixya.com. The inner contact for the headphones was dusty confusing the phone to thinking that the speaker was on. Cleaned it in less than a min.

was a great little phone. good size, easy to use. this camera took good pictures, and the screen was a nice size.

It's a nice phone but not for internet users because the OS is outdated Watsapp  and etc. are not available for this device.So buy it if you are using phone for sms,call and basic multimedia like MP3,JPG files.

Good size.At the beginning you don't understand it's gesture system.It's complicated when starts setup.The size is good, the OS is simple.It's too slow when loading apps.For those that used oldest Palm models this is too different.The battery goes quickly nevertheless you use it a little.It's okay if you want it just for messaging, calling and alarm.

The phone was not unlocked like it was suppose to be. I took it to Radio Shack and Walmart and they couldn't unlock it so I sent it back...Dont no how good it would have worked or anything. Nice looking phone. I just didnt realize how small and close together the keys were.

I ordered this phone about 6 months ago, and it's still going strong. :) My prepaid t-mobile SIM card worked on the first try, and I borrowed my roommate's SIM card (with unlimited data) to set up a profile (if you don't have unlimited data, like me, make sure you turn off roaming data usage!)The main reason I'm glad I got this phone once I got unlimited texting is the built-in keyboard. SO much easier and accurate to type with than a touchscreen keyboard!This is more of a low-end smartphone; you can browse the web, download apps (webOS 1.4.5), email, and more, but it's slow on wifi. Maybe it's different on a data plan? I use the screen and apps to listen to music and keep pdfs of bus routes on hand more than anything else. Using apps like the camera all the time drains the battery pretty quickly too, so it's better for light usage -- if I'm just texting and using apps every once in a while, my phone lasts about a day and a half, sometimes even more.EDIT (1/11/14):So the phone died this week. Lasted almost a year and a half. In that time, I had to replace the back cover once the flap over the charger fell off, but that was about it. Backing up your contacts to Palm Profile is pretty useless though, as I was unable to get to the data once I transferred my SIM to another phone.

Compre este telefono y lo estoy usando en Mexico. Me sorprendio al ver que funcionaba perfectamente sin necesidad de configurar practicamente nada, solo puse un chip telcel y pude hablar, mandar mensajes de texto, navegar en internet, ver mi ubicacion casi exacta con mapas con el gps y ver videos en youtube sin ningun problema. El telefono es delgado y al traerlo en la bolsa del pantalon casi ni se siente. Me gusta el teclado que aunque son peque&ntilde;as las teclas, se puede escribir muy facilmente usando signos como comas, puntos etc.E tenido como 6 telefonos en el ultimo a&ntilde;o y este me gusta bastante y el precio es muy accesible.

The phone keeps crashing or resetting every 2 or 3 days. Deletes all the saved data and the backup doesn't work.

Nice phone with a lot of features. I bought it after reading posts here that the setting up profile could be bypassed. I couldn't do it and called both Hp and Att support and they both confirmed that you need to have some data on your account. I have a go phone and the rep added $5.00 and it worked fine.

This is a wonderful smart phone. I have been using it for about 3 weeks now and Ilove it. Once you get pass the activation issues and turn off the constant data updating you will enjoy this unit too.I used a friend chip with a data plan to activate the phone and simply replace the chip.

I recently purchased a Palm Pixi for my wife and the phone arrived as described from UnlockedCellPhoneKings.  We had an issue with a defective battery (Manufacturer Defect) not holding a charge. UnlockedCellPhoneKings responded quickly and they sent us a new replacement battery within days. Great experience and excellent service!The phone now works great and my wife loves it.

I bought this cell phone for used in the Philippines, I've bought several phones in the past and they all work and this is the first tim I have this issue. When my sister tried to activate the phone, she was told that is was lock and she needs to go to one of the cell phone carrier to unlock the phone. This defeats the porpuse of buying an unlocked phone to avoid the hassles.

First, this is an awesome deal for a semi-smart phone!Second, somethings to clear the confusions about this phone:1 - This phone IS carrier-unlocked which means It CAN be used on most GSM carriers.2 - There are two ways to get over the activation hurdle:+ Use ANY GSM Simcard with Data plan to setup the Palm account - I highly recommend this method.+ Bypass the activation process all together following this video: [...]3 - My order came from "UnlockedCellPhoneKings". It was shipped from Arizona. The package comes in a very nice pouch including: 1 micro-USB cable, wall charger, battery and manual.Another thing I like about this phone: the accessories are very cheap! I bought this for my little sister who doesn't care about fancy Android or iPhone. She just talk and text all day. lolThe reason I rated it 4/5 is because it lags sometimes during my testing. However, if you keep your tasks/"cards" in check, you'll be fine with it. This is a perfect interim device.

Had to go through a lot just to get it to work on my network. and the touch screen crapped out little while after. May seem like a good buy, I wouldn't do it.

We have owned 4 Palm phones in a row, so it's natural to go for a Palm Smartphone.  We had assumed that this would be the easiest way to sync with our Palm Desktop software.  WRONG!  This phone is explicitly built NOT to sync with the Palm desktop.  That's a shocker.  The Palm website actually says that you need to buy a $29 - $49 third-party software to sync with Palm Desktop.  Wow!!  That defeats the whole purpose of buying a Palm phone!  There are much better Androids out there!This particular one, bought from Amazon reseller, had other issues as well.Power on? - It turns on.  Then it stays there, on the Palm logo screen, and stays there ... like ... for ... ever.  Seriously.  For 15 minutes I couldn't figure out what's going on.  I removed the battery, re-start, same thing.  Then I start to randomly press whatever keys I can find ... and suddenly, I am prompted to enter some APN numbers.  Don't have them, but can't get off that screen.  Tried pushing random keys again.  After I finally get it to be normal Palm interface, with a sim card inside,  I power off.  I start again.  Same thing! ... I can't figure out how to start this normally without randomly pushing buttons and hoping for a miracle.Battery Power: Wow, is it short!  I literally fully charged the phone, have it sit on my desk (with all syncs turned off), for 24 hours.  Then the battery bar is red and I can't make a call.  Its standby time, while doing nothing, is 24 - 36 hours, that's all!  That's below spec by any standards.Packaging - I think this is a new phone or refurbished.  But it is definitely not in original packaging.  Manual is "sprint", poorly printed (like a fake one), but phone is marked "AT&T;".  Charger is there, new looking.  It does appear to be unlocked.Usability: Again, the major draw is that it is a Palm phone.  But because of sync issues, it has no advantage over comparably priced Android phones.  Try LG Optimus One P500.  The screen is very small.  The physical keyboard also very small.  If you have good eye sight and very good fine-motor skills, perhaps.  Else, you risk looking silly trying to see and work this phone.  Inconsistent reception ... I sit in my chair, and the signal bar would go up and down.  I have a dinosaur Motorola "dumb"-phone ... and the same sim card shows 5 bars all the time.  WIFI seems to work well.  And it stays with the WIFI network in the house when I walk around.Verdict: Returned the phone after three days to Amazon, for power-on issues and incredibly poor battery life.  Thank goodness for Amazon so I can buy/return with confidence.  (First item I've returned in over 100 purchases.)

The interface is different and confusing to me. Initially I couldn't figure out, let's say, how to close windows open or find folders such as Contacts. Interestingly enough AT&T; customer service rep over the phone couldn't find the simple question from his manual but after all transferred me to Palm, which was closed for weekends. I needed to determine whether the phone was defective in one out of a million chance or I'm not smart enough to use it.I asked a knowledgeable gadget man, who couldn't solve the problem. In case the phone discriminates generations I asked a high school kid playing iPhone all day long for the same questions. The phone kept ringing and messages seemed to coming in last few days, but I couldn't get in most time partly because I couldn't close open windows. Finally I met a person who had a same phone and showed me from his finger stuff I was looking for. It can be a great phone to others but I had enough trouble when I needed it badly.

So I was shopping around for a cheap unlocked device and I came across this little guy. It was about $100 off contract, so how could I pass that up? I purchased it and patiently waited the whole 19 hours it took to get it. When it arrived, I was really excited to use it, but unfortunately I don't have a SIM card (yet). So in the meantime, I let my aunt use it to try it out...and she loves it. Not more than an hour after using it, she's flying around with it like a damn pro. The only thing she still has problems with is the tiny dialer. But otherwise, it's great.Pros (according to her): Size, keyboard, responsive touchscreen, battery life, it's something differentCons (according to me): My aunt won't give it up. Seriously...I may have to buy another one or something because I highly doubt I'm getting this one back.For those of you wanting something different, maybe you're tired of the same old iOS or Android thing going on, pick this thing up. If you can find it for less than $200 unlocked, it's a steal. I'll admit that it's small, but believe me, once you get the hang of it, you hardly notice the size. Go. Now. Buy it.

I bought this phone for my husband but after about five months of use, the phone would not work again. The touch screen is no more responding although it still appears that calls are able to come through.  I wish I hadn't spent money on it all.  I don't think I'll buy this phone again or recommend it to anyone.

Full functionality. Unlocked. Excellent features. Works fine. Hewlett Packard Palm easy set-up. Great product for an excellent price. Works with Movistar, but could also work with any other service provider in Colombia.

This phone is locked!!! Since i bought i tried everything to make it work, it wouldn't!!i contacted Palm, the local carrier, several local shops... etc but no luck.This was not a good deal at all,i live overseas this is why i bought an unlocked phone , but the one they send me was locked and useless, i can not use it at all, even if i want to use without the mobile service (i.e. as a palm with no phone function) it wouldn't.

I am posting this review about 6 months after I actually used this phone. It came in factory packaging, with everything included. Build Quality was spectacular, and this is definitely one of the best purchases I had made in awhile. I reccommend Installing preware and overclocking to 800mhz, as the stock 600mhz processor is a little slow for a lot of modern apps. WebOS is a great OS, and It is disappointing that they killed the program, as I loved the UI and easy to use style. Screen is small compared to today's phones, but great and responsive, and also not glass, so you won't have to worry about cracking it or dropping it at all. I do recommend using the Touchstone back and wireless charger, as the charging port door is a pain to open, and after awhile, the magnet that holds the door on came off and it just sat open. Selection of apps is fair to poor at best since, as mentioned before, the WebOS project was killed off by HP a year or two ago, so many developers have stopped working on apps for this platform. Overall, this was a great phone. Unfortunately, I got scammed out of it on a trading site, and was unable to retrieve it, and am now using an iPhone 3GS as my daily driver. If you are looking for a good, cheap, unlocked phone, this is definitely one I would reccommend.

It's a great phone for the price I'm very happy with it  the touch screen is very responsive and i really like the way it multitasks. The only thing that might be a problem is you must have a data plan for the phone to even turn on.

This isn't a top end cell phone nor was it when it originally came out.pros: It has a fairly responsive touchscreen and a qwerty keyboard. It's pretty thin. Cheapest in it's category. WiFicons: Only supports up to WebOS 1.4.5 because of the old hardware. DOES NOT come with data cable. Does not have its own manual, instead it's packaged with the non "plus" model's manual, which happens to be CDMA, a major difference.Comments: Te phone it worth it, the old WebOS thing is a non issue since most new software is probably too resource hungry, in any case it's still better than a non-smartphone, and if you actually NEED a smartphone you should probably go for something with android or windows, for example. The packaging was crunched up when received, meaning that it served it's purpose in protecting the sweet sweet innards of the package. USB cable was absent, camera is so-so but better than nothing.tip: DO NOT format (erase all data) this device or else you'll have to jump some loops to make it work again. You'll either need a data plan to create an Palm/HP account, or use some Palm/HP software to bypass this. You DO NOT need a data plan for these phones, you just need to bypass the requirement. Just don't ask your carrier ;)

I rarely write reviews since I'm not a native speaker, but I think I need to write something for this good product.Pros:Multi-touch screen with 320x400 resolution;Full QWERT keyboard;Camera with flash (though only 200M pixels);WebOS 1.4.5;Unlocked phone;Very cheap price.Cons:Keyboard button maybe too small for some people, but when considering the small size of the phone itself, it's not a problem.So here comes the important part of my review. I will make it clear if you're confused with the reviews regarding of the activation of the phone.===============================================THIS PHONE IS UNLOCKED!However, to use the phone, you need to go through the activation process. There're two ways to do this. DO NOT try to activate the phone before you finish reading my review.Method 1: Using activation-by-pass tool provided by HP.I don't think I can post a web link here, but you can search "Developing on an Unactivated Device" on google to get the official description of the tool from HP. But when you follow the instruction of the web page, please notice that the method to go into recovery mode for palm pixi is a little bit different with other webos devices. Here's the correct way to get into recovery mode for pixi:(1). Turn off the phone;(2). Take out the battery and re-insert it;(3). Plug the charger into an AC outlet, but DO NOT plug the other side into the phone yet!(4). Press down the Volume up button,  without releasing the volume up button, plug in the USB cable into the phone;(5). DO NOT release the volume up button until you see a USB logo on the screen.(6). Unplug the USB cable from the AC charger, and plug it into your PC.You need to go into recovery mode, and then follow the instruction from HP to use the Activation-bypass tool. After this, you will be able to skip the first-setup steps of the phone required by Palm.However, I do not recommend this method to activate your phone since some issues cannot be solved:You will not able to use App Catalog (AppStore of HP). Which means that you can only install softwares in other ways. One is through "WebOS Quick Install" tool on PC side, the other is using "Preware" (Cydia on WebOS) on your phone. The key problem is that the original "Google Maps" installed on the phone is no longer usable, it requires an update. There'll be no way for you to update the Google Maps into Bing Maps without App Catalog, so you'll not be able to use Maps...Thus, I recommend the second way to activate your phone...Method 2: Use your friend's ATT sim card.Among setting up, simply plugging in an ATT sim card will make the first-setup steps go smoothly. After you created a Palm profile, you can then switch to your own sim card. The phone will still be able to use App Catalog even if you run the Activation-bypass tool after that.In all, this phone is perfect for such a good price.

It is a great phone, the only difficulty was to activate the phone if you don't have AT&T data plan SIM card. The easy way is to borrow someone's AT&T SIM card to activate it.

All features are good for the price range. But i'm unable to configure the exchange email server. It says Security policy error. I checked the web for solutions and no answer yet. i chatted with palm support and they directed me to my IT department to get some security thing. I dont know whom to contact and what should i ask to them regarding this.The main purpose of purchasing the phone is not working. Outlook email. So if u think u can use this phone to sync ur office emails, calendar and tasks then it will not work

First of all you do not need data to use this phone, like others before me I found a way to bypass the data plan. I have AT&T but I do not have data not do I plan to get it. The first thing you need to do is set your phone into recovery mode and then register your palm pixie with someone else's sim card who has data. This goes for AT&T and tmobile! I actually used a tmobile sim to register my pixie and it worked perfectly! There is another way to bypass the data connection but it is somewhat difficult. The easiest way to activate the phone without data is to use a sim card that actually has data. If you need help setting your phone into recovery mode there are tons comments below explaining how to/ do so. I'm so glad I did research on this phone before I bought it. The comments below we're extremely helpful as well, browse through them to find one that helps you out.

I bought this phone to give as a gift to an aunt and she loved it! Note that my aunt has over forty years and not used to smart phones but it has become very easy to use. I am a user of BlackBerry and Windows Phone software but I find it much more intuitive Palm and easy to use.Just insert the SIM card and started using it before wrapping it as a gift!

This phone is very cute and girly in my opinion. This phone has things that everyone wants, such as cool apps, touchscreen, a camera, etc. The list goes on, however, the phone if dropped too many times the phone shuts off and sometimes it just stays black  which isn't good. The phone also doesn't have voice recording and the pictures when in flash do not come out very nice. This phone has a lot of capabilities but if your looking for a phone with vast options and durable, this phone isn't for you.

I was looking for a phone that I could use wi-fi, but I didnt want to get a data plan and I didnt want to pay over $100 for a phone. I wanted a phone with a touch screen, but also with a QWERTY keyboard. For the price, this phone seemed it had what I wanted.I read all the reviews and was worried that I would have trouble with the setup since I didnt have a data plan and others seemed to have a hard time, but I still decided to take the risk and purchase the phone.When I received the phone, it had the AT&T; logo on the box and on the phone, which doesn't bother me since I'm an AT&T; customer. Others complained that this phone isn't unlocked, but I have no way to tell.Setup was easy! I put in my user ID, put in an email address...I didnt setup my email accounts since I didnt want it on my phone and that was it!I was able to connect to my wi-fi at home easily. I found it easy to navigate (I read the manual before I got my phone) and it wasn't hard to use at all.Everything was great until the next morning. I get a text from AT&T; that a data plan was required so they added the data plan to my bill! =/ This was what I was trying to avoid.I really loved the phone and I didnt want to give it up so I called AT&T; and since its not a smartphone, I was able to get the cheapest data plan they had. I could have gotten another phone where a data plan wasn't required, but I love the size and the functionality of the phone, I didn't want to give it up.People also complained about the battery life, but I dont use the phone a lot, I text more than I call people and I don't use the internet a lot on my phone so the battery life is fine for me. My battery lasts for about 3 days with light use. At first I had to charge my battery every other day, but it was because I had the wi-fi always turned on. When I turned it off, it helped my battery last longer.The keyboard is small, but I have tiny fingers so it didn't bother me. The camera has a flash which I also like.All in all, I'm happy I chose this phone. For a phone under a $100 it was worth it!

i was worried at the beginning you know getting a cellphone from nowhwere a brand and new OS but this cellphone probe that small this can be big!! 1000 stars for this the seller was amazing answered all my questions LOVE IT! im from Costa rica and it works PERFECT here, it doesnt have a lot of apps but have facebook youtube and is very friendly!

The phone arrived promptly, supposedly unlocked, but when I put a T-Mobile sim card it the phone would not operate, failed in what it is programmed to do in connecting to Palm, and was ergonomically unfriendly.  I have returned it.  Unless you are really good with hardware and software, and I am not bad, avoid this like the plague.

Bought this phone as a text starter phone for my child.First issue out of the box is that I purchased a text only sim from the phone carrier, and this phone has a phone profile creation process that requires the phone to access the web.There were some complicated developer OS reload instructions on the web, however I worked around the issue by using a sim card from my phone, which had a data plan on it.After the initial issue, my child used the phone and loved it for about 3 mo, then started complaining that it kept dying.Turns out the battery wouldnt hold a charge.Purchased two &#34;new&#34; replacement batteries, neither of those held a charge out of the box for more than 2hrs.Huge waste of a phone if the batteries dont work.I've since gone out and purchased a new phone for my child and will most likely bash this one with a mallet, as thats about as much value as its now worth!

The phone came in its original AT&T packaging. I am using this phone on a T-Mobile prepaid network, the phone was easy enough to activate. I bought the SIM card from Tmobile, activated my plan (with data) and then inserted the card in to the Pixi. After creating a Palm user account, I was able to log into the phone with no problems. The phone functions great and is light weight. The QWERTY keyboard is very easily usable and the picture quality, even though only 2 MP, is nice.

It is easy to use touch.  I like his style, very original.The trouble is that you have to create an account to start using it.

I bought this unlocked phone to see me through the rest of my current cell phone contract after my basic non-smart phone gave up on life. The main things that attracted me to this phone was qwerty keyboard, the price tag and the wifi capabilities. I don't currently have a data plan and didn't want to get one, but live in a city where there's free wifi readily available just about everywhere.I've had this phone for just over a week and here are my main issues:Wifi/3G:The first thing the phone requires you do to is to set up an Palm profile. The phone will automatically connect to 3G and uses data to do this. The phone also frequently checks for updates and if you set up your email through the phone it'll frequently check in to give you up to date emails. I bet these are neat features if you have an unlimited data plan, but if you have anything less than unlimited you should be aware of the frequent updates and backups that will drain your data and cause you to go over. This is apparently a common problem with AT&T.; You can turn off 3G and set the phone to wifi which is what I've done.Alarm clock:You can't sent alarms to go off on custom days. You can only choose ring once, daily, weekdays or weekends. In the end you have find an alarm app that will allow you to set custom days if you have any needs for custom alarms like I do.The alarm sometimes won't go off but will only vibrate, even when you have it set to make a sound. If you hit snooze the alarm does not sound when it goes off again but will vibrate only.When the alarm is set the alarm notification shows up at the bottom right of your screen, rather than the top left, like every other phone I've ever had, so you have to know where to look. If the screen locks and you unlock it there is a perplexingly large notification on the bottom of the your screen letting you know there's an upcoming alarm. I don't know why this is necessary.I ended up downloading an app to use as an alarm clock. I think it's kind of stupid that I have to find apps to replace the phone's built in functions.Vibration:I haven't found anywhere to adjust the strenght of the vibration. The vibration can be described as subtle, or discreet. It's weak to the point where I didn't feel the phone vibrating when it was on my lap while I was driving. Not being able to feel the phones vibration over the vibrations of the car is quite a drawback for me. This also means that when the phone is on the bedside table next to me sleeping head, quietly vibrating to let me know my snooze alarm is up, I don't hear it and oversleep for work. True story.Contacts:Once you have your email set up and download a facebook app all of your email and facebook contacts will automatically be imported to your contact list. Instead of having the 30 or so phone numbers of people I programmed in ready to go, I now have a list that's 100s of people long. The list just alphabetized - you can pick if you want it by first or last name, but it doesn't sub-categorize where the contacts came from. It would have been neat if it just had a little tabs for facebook/gmail/simcard or something. If you try to clean up the contact list by deleting all these extra people the phone will tell you "facebook profile can't be deleted". You can, when you have the contact card open go to preferences and set it to only show you names saved in your palm profile, or only names saved on your sim. I was really annoyed that it didn't ask permission or give any sort of notification about this mass importing of contacts. People I have as facebook friends only are there for a reason. If I wanted to call them I would have programmed their numbers into my phone to begin with. I read up about it and and app called Supercontacts was recommended as a way to manage this overload of people. Again, I think it's sort of ridiculous that you need an app to get your phone to be functional.Palm Apps:My only frame of reference is the apple app store we use for our Ipod touch. In comparison, this palm app store is cluttered and clunky and difficult to navigate. You can sort apps into "hottest right now" and "new" and alphabetical, but I really miss easily being able to pull up the top 100 free and paid apps. I miss being able to group apps into categories like you can on the Iphone/Itouch - instead you just have an endless list of stuff. It's harder to navigate and not really intuitive. It's hard to search for apps that do a certain function without knowing the name - the search doesn't autocomplete and start pulling up things that you might mean. I had to look as various online reviews and suggestions and then go back to my phone to look for those apps.The only other issue I have with this phone is that I wish I could have programmed it to have the screen wake up if I push any button. Currently you have to touch the power button to wake the screen and then drag the lock icon upwards to unlock the screen. This is fine, but I miss that extra bit of customizing that my old cheapo cellphone had.The phone is pretty fast, call quality is good and there's a good collection of preprogrammed ring tones. It's pretty easy to get used to although I had to look up what all the gestures were plus I didn't realize the black part below the screen was part of the touch screen and where you swipe to the left to go back/minimize.I'm happy I got this phone since it's a huge step up from what I had (LG Neon - would not recommend) but if I got this phone from a cellphone provider as part of a contract it would be going back for something that's a bit more streamlined and something where I can set custom days on an alarm clock. This phone taught me that not being able to set custom days is pretty much a deal breaker.Update: 01/2012: I've grown use to this phone and am enjoying it. The alarm function still sucks - even on the alarm app I downloaded it'll only ring when it first goes off and all subsequent snoozes are vibrate only. I can't be the only person with this issue, right?In the comments people asked about if it comes with a data cable. The phone had a cable that is a usb/micro usb in the box, with a wall attachment so you can charge the phone either by plugging it into the wall or your computer. It's the exact same cord the Kindle uses, incase you're not familiar with what a micro usb is. I haven't attempted to use this as a data cable, but when you plug it into a computer a message pops up on the screen that asks you "charge only or usb" and you can pick.My current cell provider is AT&T; and they did NOT require me to buy a data plan with the phone. They require you to get a data plan when you get a smart phone from them but apparently not if you just buy an unlocked one. The phone is branded AT&T;, and my sim card is with AT&T;, so I can't really say if the phone is actually unlocked. I assume it really is since there are reviews on there from people with different cell phone providers.I would recommend this phone if you're looking for a cheap compact phone with smart phone capabilities. I used the smart phone capabilities pretty infrequently, and I can get away with charging it only every other day. One of my favourite features is the qwerty keyboard for txting. The only issue I've had with it in all the months I've owned it is that the m of the palm emblem on the back of the phone peeled off. Nothing else. No problems with it freezing or switching itself off or dropping calls.

I bought the Palm Pixi Plus as a temporary replacement but now I am now considering keeping it as my permanent phone! It operates smooth and the qwerty key pad is amazing. I have fairly large hands and this phone manages to feel great in my hand while texting. Being a Android user, I had to read most of the manual just to operate basic functions. Regardless, this is honestly the biggest bang for your buck out on the internet for a unlocked GSM phone!Pros:Battery lifeFunctionalityPriceKeyboardCons:Has a learning curve to itNot very loudNo WebOS 2

I was looking for a cheap cellphone but no so cheap as an old nokia or sanyo, I found this one on Amazon and I can't be any happier, I also own an Iphone and honestly I'm starting to like more this Palm cellphone than my Iphone 4s! I know it sounds crazy but that's how much a love this phone! it's a must buy! for it price you can't go wrong!

Good phone. Have 8g of memory, 3g and wifi. Qwerty keyboard is good even for people with large fingers. OS have a plenty of apps, like it because always like try something new.

i took this phone to africa and had a call this morning that when u put in sim card it does not work,only for the phone to ask u for username and password.i dont know if its a refurbished phone that someone previously created account on it.i have asked them to bring it back from africa so that i can return for my money.

This is great if you need a small phone that serves your small networking needs. The screen is tiny so don't expect that you can do all your web browsing on this one.The user interface is fairly different from iphone, android and symbian (I don't know blackberry and wp7), which might be good or bad depending on your preference, but it's super intuitive to me. I was totally blown away in this respect (I've never touched WebOS before), it's shockingly good for a product that HP already abandoned. This could have been a true contender if HP put a strong marketing and retail effort. A shame, really.If you need a big catalog of apps, this is not for you. Lack of Skype was kind of disappointing for me.Camera is sub-par and the hardware quality seems to be so-so, but what am I expecting from 80 bucks phone? Cannot complain.As others noted, it's possible to use this without data plan (currently it's with t-mobile prepaid sim without data). You can still use wifi to do all networking things like browsing  web pages, emails, facebook and install apps from WebOS app store.If you, like me, don't have another sim with data plan, it's not totally simple to set it up to do it, but it's not hopelessly difficult either.The gist of it (sorry please google around for details) is:1. install an HP driver called Novacom on your PC (so it can talk to the phone),2. download HP software called Activation-Bypass Tool on your PC,3. boot the phone into "recovery mode",4. run Activation-Bypass Tool on PC while your phone is connected in recovery mode, to reboot the phone into developer mode (this is where you'll temporalily lose your call/text ability which you'll regain later),5. run a third party application called WebOS Quick Install on PC to install two patches on the phone, i.e. "Enable Profile Creation - Activation Bypassed" and "Show FirstUse App",6. reboot the phone,7. set up wifi on the phone, which is going to be necessary in the next step,8. run "First Use" app that was intalled on your phone (see step 5.) to create your Palm profile and reboot,9. voila, your phone is fully functional, including calling/texting/wifi!

Touch screen stops working after 5 months, rendering the phone useless.The plastic case peels off after 2 months.Phone needs delicate care.Screen cracks easily.Inner plastic case chips easily, too.

It was great at first, but the back case was easy to break. after 2 months of using, it became ugly and old and broken. sometimes it could be not responding. touch is still good and responsive. doesn't have useful application.

It runs on WebOs, not IOS (IPhone), not Android, and not Symbiam. So far, WebOs is open-source, that means that every one is able to see the source code, so any developer around the world can correct errors, add features, etc.As it is now, the palm pixi works great, but you'll need a little training of two minutes to know how to use it.  Before use it the first time, you'll need to create an online account, so you'll need access internet (not with WIFI, but with your phone chip).There is a lot of applications you can install, some are free (like Angry Birds Lite!), and some you'll have to pay for them.The keyboard works great, and in general, it looks like a very good build cellphone.Things I don't like: the camera. It is a tipical cellphone 2mp camera, nothing special, actually bad as all of them.

I bought this phone thinking that it would suite my needs, but I quickly found out that it is really small. The keypad is great for actual keypad lovers/users. The screen is very small as the phone fits in the palm of your hand. I needed smoething bigger after realizing that I had to put my glasses on everytime I looked at my phone and being a person who only uses glasses for reading it was really inconvenient. The touch screen is nice and I liked the option of having a touchscreen and keypad, but too small as I said. I am going to a lrager phone so that I can see my text messages and icons better. The one real downside to this phone is that it does not have the option of not locking the phone, so it would lock every 3 mins which was annoying to me as I utilize my phone often. Also on the downside everytime it locked, when I would get a call the phone would jump back and forth from my bluetooth to normal, really frustrating, I had to keep selecting bluetooth.....:0( Ultimately returned the phone just to many negative variables.

I bought this handset for my relative as a present. Initially it worked fine, but only after 6 months it started causing problems and broke completely.

This phone is exactly what I was looking for: touchscreen, QWERTY keypad, and Wi-Fi, and most importantly no data plan required. You do use some data when you first turn the phone on to set up, but I just used my husbands SIM card since he has a minimal data plan. I ordered from warehouse deals and I couldn't be happier, the phone works perfectly - was sold as "used - like new". All that said, it has only been three days. I have test driven almost every feature and I am satisfied so far.

excellent product, arrived on time and complete, very serious about buying. everything was fine. I had no problems when purchasing and receiving the product.

i read the reviews here at amazon before i brought the phone and was confused because nobody mention how the phone came. was it deliver in a oem or retail. then i figure out that it depends on which vendor u buy the phone from. and the reviews should also mention the vendor. because that makes a big difference. well i purchase my phone on amazon from the vendor "best n price". the phone was shipped very fast. recieved it way before the estimatated time frame that amazon give u. there was questions about what came with the phone. well my purchase came brand new in a box that said att on the box (retail). basically it was like i walk into a att store and gave them $399.99 and purchased this phone. the box was even still sealed. everything was in the box. phone, battery, wall plug, usb cable, manual, quick guide, etc. the phone and accessories was still in there oringinal packaging. as if i purchase this phone from att for 399.00. i do love the phone. i took my prepaid tmobile sim card out of my nokia and stuck it in this phone and followed some steps to create a account and that was it. i do have a data package on my prepaid service and thats probaly why it work so easy. didnt have the problems like some of the reviewers had. i even brought a extra battery for this phone on amazon so i wouldnt worry about charging the phone through out the day. and the battery was only $4.00. the only gripe i have about the phone and this is why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because i install a few different programs (weather now, tripadvisor, google map,) that requires the use of the gps in the phone to update the location of the phone. for some reason its not working. depending on the program i use, it eithier say location not found or error. i did go into the the phone (location services) and turned on "auto locate" but i know there a problem. probaly a software glitch. i been on the internet researching but cant find nothing. i wonder if that the reason why these phones are being sold so cheap because of this issues. regardless its still a good deal for a back up phone or regular phone if your looking for a phone to place call, text message, and has a organizer for notes and to do or alarm clock or retrieve emails. also might want to install a free software called preware. it allows u to make minor changes to the phone and u can add some functionality also. for example i was able to add the date on top, by the time. remember to email the vendor that your planning on purchasing your phone from and ask what condition and what come with the phone. after reading some of the reviews on here, it sound like different vendors are shipping this phone different ways, with or with out accessorries, and in retail boxs and not in boxes (oem) so be careful when ordering this phone. i purchased my phone from "best n price". thank u best n price for a new, wonderful phone.

A nice small smartphone. Not intuitive enough, I actually I to go through the manual to start using it. Excellent screen and resolution, great keypad. The back cover is super cheap, it started falling apart not too long after I purchased the phone. It's a nice small compact phone, too bad WebOS isn't a better mobile OS and too bad palm is dead.

I don't really want to go into depth about how much this phone sucked. My advice would be to just get a basic phone if you wanted to get this; it's pretty much the same. Sometimes, it wouldn't let me answer or it wouldn't ring at all. This phone made people get upset with me because they thought I was ignoring them.

I don't write reviews but this little phone is so great I felt I should.It was shipped to me just in time for the weekend 3 days after I ordered it! The packaging was fine and I like the accessory case thingy everything came in alot.I have a AT&T; GoPhone and really didn't want to pay for a data plan but I'm happy enough being able to use all the internet required features whenever I'm connected to a wifi hot spot so a data plan wasn't nessesary for me anyway.One of the reviews mentions needing to bypass setting up a Palm account, which you have to to get into the phone, but I just made the account without having a data plan or being connected to wifi or anything and it was just fine!I was also worried about the key size because I could see it was a small phone but they're only a tad smaller than the ones I had before so it waseasy for me to adjust. The touch screen is great too, very quick response and I like the light sensor that dims it when you're in the dark and brightens when you're in bright light, saving battery and then making it easier to see.The only complaint I have is the battery life, I do have to charge it every night but tha's after very heavy use of the internet, texting, using apps, and taking pictures all day :P It makes up for it by taking very little time to fully charge again though.Anyway, great phone for a great price! I would definitely go through UnlockedCellKings (?) again and definitely get another Palm product :D

Happy with this purchase and the amazon service.Received unlocked ATT branded phone with charger. Appears new.Put in existing prepaid Tmobile SIM that has a data plan. No problems with activating with palm profile. Phone worked right away.Transferred contacts from  existing microsoft outlook to google contacts and then downloaded google contacts to the palm pixi address book.Phone already has the latest webos version.So far phone battery appears to last a day or two. Using bluetooth drains battery superfast.Phone has a edge that bites around the ear, might need to get a case to help with that.

I have AT&T, and first off, YOU DO NEED A DATA PLAN TO USE THIS PHONE, AND AT&T WILL ADD ONE ON IF YOU DON'T ALREADY HAVE ONE. This phone is otherwise great. Once you get used to the keypad, texting is nice. Calls sound good. If you don't have a data plan, this probably isn't the phone for you. If you do have a data plan, get something else, this is a really "lame" smartphone

it works in 6 months and then the front speaker stop working. I tried to fix it by many ways. and HP website helps to fix it. now the front speaker work again but fixing it waste lots of my time.

Sensors on screen slow and does not recognize all taps. Very annoying.There is No single settings. The settings for whatever item you're in the settings are there. It good if you like that.

The pixi palm is a great little phone. It syncs the address book, calendar, etc to google contacts and facebook, so it was cool to have all of that updated immediately. I had to find a converter online to export from my palm centro desktop calendar to google calendar to get a current calendar on the phone. The wifi feature is great. I take notes in memopad and then there is an option to e-mail a memo, so I can send it to my e-mail and have it on my computer. I love the phone.

Palm Pixi Plus is an extraordinary phone with an extraordinary operating system. I have tried android and iphone but this is better by far.

Very nice phone. It came unlocked like advertised, and it is working fine. It's simple but robust. WiFi work OK. Not so much Apps, but enough for the price.

My folks have difficulty unlocking and using it in Ghana. Please can you please assist me to be able to use the phone? Thanks

i like this phone...very much and to be honest i dnt think no one is gonna buy it if you keep going up and dn wit the prices...

I've had at least three of these phones and I put them through the ringer.  The phone has hick-ups, but overall its very likeable.  One of the cheapest unlocked phones with WIFI.  I was fond of this phone, but I'm moving on.Pro -Screen never breaks!WebOs is fun to use!Takes nice photos!Good size!Con -Hardware wears outSoftware freezes/freaks-outNo radio

I like it because it get wi-fi is a tounch screen.... But i can wait to get my phoneTHank u

It works fine but keyboard it small and sometimes hard to use.Sometimes when txting the screen skips to another screen....awkward.

This Palm is a pretty good deal for the money I paid for it... actually I think that I couldn't get any better phone with the money I spent on this one, The only bad  thing I can say of this Palm is that there are not many apps for WebOS...

this item is not capable of being a texting phone, keyboard sucks,super expensive. Everything you do charges you money. This phone was returned.

Before I bought this phone I read hundreds of reviews, but I couldn't find answers to my questions.People tend to leave reviews based on how it looks, whether or not they can play games, watch videos, listen to music, etc.I wanted to know whether or not it has push email, wifi, calendar sync, contacts sync, etc.Let me tell you, I absolutely HATE iPhones and all touch screen keyboards, I've had a Palm Treo 650 since 2004, and in my opinion, the Treo was the best phone ever made... until I purchased the Palm Pixi Plus. This thing is amazing, it does everything my old Treo did, and much more.The wifi is great, everything can be sync to "the cloud", so you no longer have to keep your contacts on the phone's sim. I was able to sync my contacts with Google contacts, I was able to sync the built-in calendar with Google's Calendar, and I was able to POP my Gmail emails along with my Work emails into two different accounts, You can also IMAP them if you want, You can set up different rings for different accounts, etc.The best part is that with my Amazon rewards card, I had enough points to be able to buy this phone for $24 out of pocket. Not only that, but since it's unlocked, I was able to buy a SIM from StraighTalk (service that I love, and I've had them for about two years) for $14 shipped free, installed it in my PIXI, and for only $45 a month (no contract), I have unlimited data/texts/minutes. So I set up my PIXI to sync my emails and calendar every 5 minutes. Some of you might say.. but it's not 4G or LTE.. Granted, StraightTalk is only 3G, it's plenty fast for me, not only that, but I can use WIFI anywhere available.I LOVE PALM PHONES!!!

I hate I purchased the phone.  Traveled to Barcelona Spain.  I thought it was as simple as putting a SIMS card in the phone and making calls, it wasn't.  I ended up purchasing an inexpensive phone in Barecelona.  No one could explain to me why I couldn't use the telephone the regular way.  I was able to use it through the emergency mode.  I couldn't receive calls on it.  Terrible purchase.

Thanks to the previous reviews, I realized that I would need a data service when I started the phone for the first time so I could do the palm registration, so I added a data plan for a day to my phone, boot up the phone, signed up with HP/Palm and got to the main screen. Later on, I set up the wifi, disable the data service, rebooted, and everything works.The phone got the essencial services  such as text, email, maps, Bluetooth. From the app catalog, you can still download the Mobile Hotspot app to share the data plan with any wifi device. On the minus side, all preferences and settings are not gahered on a single section but hidden through other menus that may not be obvious, still, there is enough information on the web for help.It's a good phone for communication and the casual web service, but not the appropriate phone, if looking for a heavy usage of apps and games.

At first this phone seems a little complicated, but once you get used to using it is easy. The problem is that it only worked for three months, then lock the screen and there was no way to make it work unless you replace the touch, so I read in several forums this problem is very common in these phones, so I decided to throw away instead of spending my direro in repairs every few

Palm Pixi Plus GSM with WebOS, Touch Screen, 2 MP Camera and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - BlackEste tel&eacute;fono es bueno y econ&oacute;mico. uno obtiene realmente algo bueno. Recomendado.This phone is good and inexpensive. one gets really good. Recommended.

Muy buen producto todo llego a tiempo y de la forma esperada. El vendedor es serio y cumple con lo ofertado. Para Latinoam&eacute;rica la tienda de aplicaciones nativa del web os no funciona

I wrote a review earlier on how bad this phone was due to the fact I couldnt get it to work. BUT after reading all the helpful commments it is completely simple to have it work for any provider. I have T-Mobile keep in mind.All you need is someone with a data plan on there card to download all the initial programming for the phone. Once everything is done throw in your own sim and it should work fine. So far I have noticed I cannot MMS text with this phone. Idk if it wasnt a capability for the phone but I wish It did.

I love my palm pixi plus, I'm using it with T-Mobile prepaid service. People complained about difficulties with palm profile needing a data plan. So what I did was I got an unlimited $2/day data plan for one day so I could set up the palm profile. Then once once it was all set I removed the data plan and got the plan I wanted pay as you go. Easy as that!Now about the phone, I must say it's the best phone I've ever had. The screen & keyboard size is perfectly acceptable and usable, infact I'm writing this review from my palm pixi now. I love the keyboard, the screen has a great look to it, web browsing is easy and fun, and the gesture area and multi-tasking make it a true smartphone. I like to show this phone off and make my friends jealous. Texting is great and the app store is good. This phone can do pretty much everything somebodys android can do and the battery will last longer doing it.This phone is becoming more rare so take advantage of the deal before their all gone. Amazon delivered it to me quickly and even though it was used it still looked brand new and in very good condition. Also I've dropped this phone about 4 or 5 times and there's not a scratch or crack in sight. So I find this phone very durable and am happy to have such an attractive dependable smartphone.Thanks for reading hope it helped, follow me on twitter @ArielleLabelle

I purchased this phone to give it as a gift for my wife she just received it and loved it. It was love to first sight. I love it too, it has a pretty design it is completely compatible with my GSM carrier and it is a really fast phone, no more words, definitively 5 stars!

Al principio no lo sabia usar, pero luego de que aprendi me gusto tanto que ahora me compre el Pre II con almacenamiento de 16 Gigas.Lo recomiendo al 100%At first I did not know to use, but after I learned I liked so much that now I bought the Pre II with 16-gigabyte storage.I recommend it 100%Palm Pixi Plus GSM with WebOS, Touch Screen, 2 MP Camera and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Black

The manuals that came with the phone were copies of an original and were printed crooked. When we got this phone my slide function did not work quite right.  The apps we tried to use only partially worked and would get stuck on since the slide function was not working right.  I bought a cheap phone and figured that it wasn't that horrible.  Within 3 months my husband had his phone in his pocket and the front shattered and stopped working when he bumped a desk.  A month later the vibrate/ring function on my phone stopped working, it slips into vibrate constantly and I miss calls.  I contacted the seller and it was past 90 days and they told me they would not be interested in helping me.  I think this is a hit or miss product but I want to warn you that I do not believe this is a real palm.  I am tempted to contact someone about it.  No warranty ever came as promised and obviously the seller could care less.

Oh my, it was a pain in the you know what to create the Palm account on this phone. It is utterly ridiculous not to be able to do it on-line from a computer and the phone cannot be used unless the account is created.If unlocked that is all you need to do but you can only do it with a 3G sim card (after registering the information to access internet).I wish I knew this before getting it!After crating the account the phone can be used just fine.It is so lovely and easy. The quality of image is superb! Love watching Youtube videos.I love it and WOULD purchase it again!

Im really glad I got this phone! I had a LG Prime, but then the screen cracked. I did have a little bit of trouble with my sim card. I have an AT&T gophone sim card, and had to take it to the AT&T store to get the sim card unlocked. Other than that, this phone works great! Its super fast, easy to set up, and I really like the keyboard. It is taking a minute to get used to the menu and everything, but I really like this phone!

This is a great smartphone for the price. This is even better than my old iphone in many ways.  It is the smallest one on the market and I love the qwerty keyboard.  It takes a bit of work to set up unless you borrow someone's sim card (with data).  Then it's dead easy.  Gestures took a bit of getting used to, now I love them!  This is a really great phone...  I can't believe HP let palm die!!IF YOU BUY THE VERIZON CDMA VERSION YOU WILL BE SORRY IF YOU ARE OVERSEAS.  ONLY BUY THE GSM UNLOCKED.  IT WILL WORK EVERYWHERE.  Don't blame the phone if you don't know what you're buying!!!!

Great option for a smartphone that is incredibly inexpensive for use in an off-contract situation. Would recommend for schoolchildren especially.

I bought this phone to replace my other basic phone which I only used for its basic features, like texting, calling, taking pictures and such. If you're a data user, reading this post can't help you that much. I have no data plan, so I never used wifi, or any of the Internet stuff on this phone. I read on some other post, that this phone needs data plan to set up, (so you don't pay extra money just to set up the phone). When I first had it, it didn't need data plan to set up.  Overall the phone's decent enough, just some minor issues that I wanna point out.The calling feature is good. It is a touch screen but one needs to unlock the screen in order to answer.(unless the screen is already unlocked) So, you shouldn't need to worry about answering or rejecting a call by accident.  And it stores your calls real good. I have this phone for four weeks or so. It stores my calls from the first day I got it.The texting feature is quite bad. Though it stores all your conversation from every contact in your phone. It doesn't give you time. If you want to go back and look for a message, there's no way it can tell you what time you got it. or what time you sent it. If you send or receive the message today, it will give you exact time of when you send or receive the message. But when it's the next day, the messages from before will appear as yesterday. As time goes on, they will appear as last week, two weeks ago, three weeks ago and such. There's no way to tell what time or even what day you've gotten or received those messages.  It's pretty small thing missing on a smart phone, i found it ridiculous.The camera feature is bad. If there was enough light, and your hand don't shake. The pictures come out decent enough. But there's no way on this phone to adjust ANYTHING at all. When you open the camera app, it just gives a shutter and a flash to snap picture. There's no way to adjust brightness, contract, zoom-in, zoom-out. Nothing. You have a shutter and you're stuck with it.  I even have more option on my old basic phone.The video feature is okay, I'll say. But still it will be better if you can have control over SOME stuff.The battery life really isn't good. It takes away lot battery life when you turn it off(stand-by. not shut it down). I forgot to charge this phone one time and I had about 15% battery life left. I didn't use this phone for the whole afternoon and when I got home the phone was long dead. Talk on the phone for half an hour take away almost half of the battery. I don't even use the internet and I charge this phone constantly. NOTE: THERE'S A OPINION, "LEAVE WIFI ON WHEN THE PHONE'S ASLEEP" DONT CHOOSE THAT. You'll fall asleep with a fully charged phone and wake up with a dead phone.Other than that, I'll say the vibration of this phone is subtle, weak and close to nothing. You can put it right on your table in front of you while doing something and don't even notice it vibrates, let along put it in your purses or bags. You won't check a message or notice a missed call till half hour, one hour later. My suggestion is, if you have to put the phone on vibrate, check your phone constantly. Or just hold it in your hand. That's the only way you'll know when you get a message or call.

I think I got this phone in july and it's lasted me since. Pretty good phone for people used to a small keyboard (my first texting phone was the samsung propel and these keys are the same size). Don't buy if you have large hands. The bad thing about this phone is that there are NO GOOD APPS. It's got facebook, no twitter. I don't care about twitter but some people do. NO game apps. None that are any good anyway. It's a good phone for someone who isn't a teenager. And unfortunately I'm a teenager.

This phone came in with everything new, it has AT&T; logo on it. There is a few thing need to be taken care of.1)set up a data plan with your carrier(unlimited web plan preferred, mine is T-Mobilso that after you build your profile, which thisphone will prompt you to do. It will use the web toverify your e-mail address )2) Removed battery, insert t-mobil sim card,reinsert battery, power-on3) Phone prompt to build new profile4) After phone verify e-mail address, phone'sworking. Now you can change your 3g to wi-fiand down grade your data plan to talk&text; only.if you want to. But if you want to keep your web plan, then make sure it unlimited, because this phoneautomatically updating. so for $1.99 per megb it will cost you.so for less than $80.00 it a perfect smart phone.

This palm pixie plus phone is an awesome deal.Although I loved the look and feel of this phone.Sadly I returned it.Reading the letters and numbers were abit difficult for me to read.I have not found aphone yet that I liked as much.I have a BB now and just wanted a change.May have to reorder if I don't find one I like.better!Amazon is truely the best!!

This phone does not have the newest version of WebOS. It has 1.45, vs 3.0 for the Touchpad. The keypad is very small and hard to type on.  Seems like the perfect phone for younger teenagers. The phone itself has nice features for the great bargain of 70 dollars, and I appreciate that. WebOS does lack some features and customization options but it is pretty and runs well. I was able to add a lot of features and make tweaks to the operating system using "Preware". I suggest downloading it. You will need to connect your phone to your computer to install it.Overall I am very happy with my purchase. I am using it with T-Mobile. If you set your plan to "Pay by Megabyte" you will be able to activate your phone (it requires some data). After that I suggest setting it back to no data. You can disable data in the Phone settings menu.

i just gonna start with the only problem i have with is phone is is hard to set up. because they ask for many information like internet APN with it I don't want to have data plan from Pure talkUSA. But i have to set up my first month of unlimited plan+data. Anybody know how to set up with out data plan?other while, this phone work perfectly, and i love it. it's work almost like iphone.highly recommend for who can't afforded for iphone .

I will make my review strictly based on pros and cons.Pros:-Wifi compatible-Took me a minute to set up (just inserted sim card and made an account)-Enough memory so you dont have to be deleting texts to make room for more-Hard for a nosy friend to pick up and use this phone-Easier to type on this phone than I though it would be-External speaker is loud for music and alarm function-Can double as a USB drive-Camera has bright flash-Can record/watch video as well-Durable enough to endure some scary drops-Notification bar at the bottom is great-Long enough battery lifeCons:-App Catalog is dated with strange Apps, but at least they have a few good ones Pandora-Only seems to pick up Edge and not 3G (but I could be wrong)-Hard to access contacts/phonebook-Phone has been made fun of for being small-Takes a little while to master-Battery takes a while to charge-Autocorrect is minimal (replaces u with you)

This Pixi was a warranty replacement for a Palm Centro.After almost a year, I could no longer stand the feeling of being "ripped off" by the inability of this grossly underpowered phone to do anything but a simple online task.  Acquaintances with the iPhone or Android smart phones are productive with their phones.  The Pixi on the other hand, is a "black hole of time consumption" from which no productive task can escape.  If you are forced to buy a data plan with this phone, you will be wasting that money (as I did) month, after month, after month.I have used (and loved) Palm products for about 15 years (I still have and use a Palm TX for a couple of Palm OS apps).  Palm has slowly deteriorated.  HP has further deteriorated their reputation with yet another line of diversification.  I would never buy anything but printers from HP.  (We own at least five & they just won't die, but that's another subject.)Despite my satisfaction with Palm's Web OS.  I despise the Palm Pixi phone.I really wanted to like the Pixi, but it is totally ineffective to use for other than voice or text.If voice, text, and small size are your only requirements, you might be satisfied with this phone.I finally bought one of the aforementioned "real" smart phones.  Both the iPhone and the Androids are great phones. Chose one of those

It was bought for my son, He love's it!!  This is his second...I broke the last one:(  Would highly recommend this phone:)

It's very disappointing after seeing good reviews and purchased this product. I only use my cell phone to call and texting so I do not need other smart phone functions.Pros:The form factor, I really like the size, QWERT key board and design.Cons:Process speed. The slow response is a major defect to any touch screen device. The lagging makes too many false inputs and makes this phone unable to use. Dialed a call by accident, or missed a call by accident. When flipping a message, you could accidentally dial a number.  This is totally nightmare to me.WebOS. It's not very intuitive. The unlock gesture requires wipe across almost the whole screen to unlock. Very hard for one hand operation. The menu is not the best in class, hard to navigate and some operation is not consistant. Combine with the slow response, it's a disaster.I wish I could love it, but I really can't...

Is lovely phone small for my pocket no heavy is easy to carry no like others phones too big like the Galaxy, have wifi so catch internet anywhere is free, before I bought the phone I did a lot of review and the review help me to pick up this one cheap, touch screen, keyboard, camara, wifi, I scared when open the box and find the phone is at&t and the instruction manual is from Spring, but I put my T-mobile SIM card and the phone start working  without problem, I call to my country Colombia with phone card and the calls are clear does not have any problems with the calls national o international (phone card) I like the phone

While there are several limitations to the operating system, I overall loved this love! The biggest reason I love about it is its tangible keyboard. The touchstone charging, the cards (which iPhones now have), and the size of the phone are other reasons why I sing its praises. The lack of apps and not having a wireless backup option are big downturns. My phone was stolen (yes this old thing), so I lost everything, but I was able to remotely clean my phone so that gave me a peace of mind. I hear there are some people who are trying to bring webOS back, so I will definitely keep a look out for that.

Needed phone right away, came the next morning which was a Saturday. Had phone all set up and ready to go in about an hour. Dealing with At&t a pain in the butt but thats a whole different story. Thanks again for the great phone and the fast delivery.

me ha gustado mucho es un telefono con muy buena recepcion de wifi es facil de usar excelente recomendado a todos

For some odd reason I'm not able to use my app store. it won't let me download or install any of my apps and its very frustrating because its a brand new cell phone!

Hi, I bougth this phone for my son and is unbelieveable since that(on january) i have bought 7 phones because my nieces and cousins love how funtional is. I recommend it 100%.

I bought this phone to use when traveling in Europe or Asia.  Using an unlocked GSM phone allows me to use a local carrier in each country and avoid the ridiculously expensive international data/voice roaming charged by US carriers.  At only $55, it can quickly pay for itself vs. international roaming charges.I have used this phone in several countries in Europe without an issue.  To use it I just bought a SIM from a local wireless carrier and put some money in my account  (usually $20-$30 was enough to get a 500mb-1GB of data and more voice minutes than I could use).  In Europe I was able to get HSPA data rates in some places and voice quality was excellent.In the US, I picked up a SIM from T-Mobile and have signed up for the "daily use" plan where you pay $5/day but only if you use the phone.  This effectively makes the phone a great emergency phone or a good loaner phone for a visitor as you only pay for the day that you use it.The phone itself is a pretty basic smartphone.  Palm, the company that made it, is effectively out of business so there is no support available and the software is no longer being updated.  That said, it's pretty easy to learn how to use everything and in my experience the phone has been very stable and reliable.I would not recommend this phone as a primary phone for heavy/daily use.  It's not that fast and the battery will wear out by the end of the day if you use a lot of data.The positives of this phone:- Very cheap for an unlocked GSM smartphone- Very good email client that syncs email with MS Exchange (mail/contacts/calendar), GMail, Yahoo, etc.- Nice keyboard for inputting texts and emailThe negatives:- You have to activate the phone before using it and that can be a bit of a pain in the neck if you don't already have an account with a GSM carrier (AT&T; or T-Mobile).  Make sure to do this before you take it overseas.- The Palm OS has very few apps for it outside of the basic ones.  If you require access to mobile apps when you travel, this is not the travel phone for you.- No Google Maps or for that matter any mapping application at all (outside of web browser).  This is the one app that would be really nice to have when traveling abroad.

OK.where to start = =, this is my first time to write a product review~sometimes people gets what they paid for, but u would get more than what u wish for if u purchased this phone~absolutely worth every single penny u spent on~LOVE LOVE LOVE IT~

This phone works great for about 3-4 months. The phone is set up really great and is easy to use, until it starts shutting itself off and freezing. I've gone through two of these phones in a year and up until they start messing up, they're great. But once they start messing up it all goes down hill from there. The back starts to peel off and the charging port becomes loose. The second phone I bought I put a case on and it lasted about a month or two longer than the first one. But after I stopped using the case, the back peeled away from the sides and it began shutting itself off, not saving any new contacts and the internet does not work well. I have kept up on updates etc, but nothing helps. Eventually the phone would not work with the back on it at all and now I have to buy a new phone before my upgrade in a few months.

great phone hard to get it on had to get it programed but when i did worked great . . .

Had it about a month now. Phone works ok to call, the keyboard is great with my little fingers so texting is a breeze. It keeps a pretty good battery life so far. Only thing that really sucks is the apps and how to get into them. They glitch all the time, no update for facebook so it's way outdated which sucks because I use it alot.

When I purchased this product because it said the phone was unlocked. No it was not. And to make it worse, I bought 2 of them. Unless you have a Verizon GSM chip or can access one, I don't recommend you buy this particular phone.

its a good phone but i have to buy a new battery because it brought the wrong one like its stupid they sold me a phone with the wrong battery aside from that i like it

el telefono en si esta muy bien,cuando lo recibi y note que en la caja no venia la cabeza para el cable cargador. por dicha el telefono es posible cargarlo con la computadora,por todo lo demas excelente

I have nothing bad to say about this item. While it is listed as an unlocked device, the unit cannot be used without a data plan UNLESS the palm account activation is bypassed. Hp/palm offers an activation bypass tool under their developer web pages that does this easily, after running some programs you must download. This process took me about an hour, and I was hesitant at first because the Hp/palm site stated that inactivated devices would lose SMS and Phone functionality (what good is the device without these?!). However, I believe that statement only applies to CDMA phone running an older version of webOS; I lost neither. The only loss for an inactivated device is access to the webapps, but if you're looking for a ton of apps, get an android phone or just develop them yourself.I got this item for $81, and it arrived the NEXT DAY with my amazon prime account. For that price, where else are you going to get an unlocked smartphone with a 600 mhz processor, 8 gb internal storage, 256 mb ram, and capacitive touch screen? Granted, the camera is lacking and the screen is on the small side, but for the price, who cares. Battery life is average; it went from 92 to 88 percent overnight, and 88 to 76 after 4 hours of moderate use (texting, brief browsing over wifi).Good product.UPDATE:Just Bought another after giving one to my sister and my SE Xperia X10 crashed (Not a phone I would recommend...) For those wishing to use this phone without a data plan (Like Me), here is the parent site for activation bypass:[...]

Sometimes this phone shuts down by itself suddenly, I don't know why, but I can bear it for the price. WebOS is actually good btw, though it has not much useful apps.

Bought the phone as a replacement for my dying nexus one. this phone was only 64 dollars.The phone didn't even last 3 months. The build quality is the worst. Now I know why Palm went out of business.The Palm software is good though.

My mom has only ever had tracphone flip phone type phones, the ones in the bundles for like 20 or 25 dollars. Real crappy basic phones with no internet access, no app store of any kind, no customization, and her current phone doesn't even have a camera! She wanted a smarter phone, or rather, I wanted her to have one so she could text me. I knew she needed one with a qwerty though, since she had never used any touch screen before. I got it yesterday and am setting it up for her, but so far I really like this little guy. It takes a while to get started, the boot up is a few minutes long. I have a Nexus 4 for myself and obviously it outpowers this guy like an elephant versus a guinea pig, but honestly, I find this phone quite charming and really wish I could keep it, lol. I would not mind having this phone as emergency back up in my bag if I go out and am afraid my real phone might get stolen. The battery life does suck, but I have an external battery that I will give to her as well. I like this phone over all and would say for an older user who has never had a smart phone before, this one would be a good starter because it's still very basic and not overwhelming but still very attractive and quite nice to use. I like the flicking and sliding and the card set up, it's very easy to get the hang of, took me only 15 minutes or so to be a pro.

My wife is glad she dropped her iPhone in the toilet and that I got her this as a replacement. She keeps saying how great it is and how much better she can work with it.I used it with T-Mobile and simply inserted my monthly-paid card and the activation process was very easy.

I gave 5 stars because it deserves them for the price. If you are into smartphone experience (android, ios, wp7...) you probably won't be very happy with this one. Apps are slow, touch experience is just okay, app selection sucks. On the other hand, i really like palm hardware and software style. Unlike android it has its own signature, uniqueness. Very sad they went bankrupt. One of the sexiest looking phone i've seen. Although the build quality doesn't seem terrific.

I bought this phone 6 days ago and received it today, and I must say that it is a very decent product. It is very simple to use and I am very happy to have bought it. Although it is small, it is perfect for me. I like the touch screen as well as the qwerty keyboard, the touch screen is very quick to respond to the touches. Although it can be a little slow when synchronizing, like your email and Facebook, it's pretty cooperative. All in all, it's a good phone, and I am enjoying using it. -- And if you're wondering, I did not just buy this phone because my nickname is Pixie, I needed a new phone and liked the reviews that were left for this one. The name is just a plus.

I rarely have the time or patience to write reviews, but swore I would write a little something if this sucker came back to life after it's most recent abuse. It survived, so here we are.I have little faith in the longevity of electronic devices. We have a cardboard graveyard in our garage, filled with the once blipping gizmos that we hope one day will return to their former glory. With small kids in the house, we go through gadgets like diapers. (I am typing this review with the 'N' key missing from my laptop. It could have been worse. They could have butchered the 'E'.)This phone has amazed me with it's tolerance for manhandling. Whatever about Apps, if it can take a dive across the family  room and live, it gets two thumbs up from me.The first miraculous recovery we witnessed was after a nice long dip in the pool. With horror I pulled the soaked phone out and started looking up iPhones as a replacement. In the interim, I put the entrails of the Pixi out in direct sunlight to dry off. Doesn't hurt to try, right?Lo and Behold, I put the pieces back together that night, and it hopped back into action with it's deathly slow start-up screen!Our most recent scare was the result of our 4 year old pocketing the phone with his other 'important stuff'. We had ridden bikes all over the neighbourhood, so we considered it a total loss this time. After two rainy days, the guy two houses down discovered it on this lawn. We wiped it down and unbelievably, the Pixi powered up! At first the camera was blurry, we could see bubbles on the 'lens' area, but they dried up. It is back in action!I didn't realise how much I like this phone until it was gone.I am not a big techie, but the Palm Pixi Plus is a smashing choice if you are a busy parent. You can snap all the fun moments, take little videos, and text with ease. I don't utilise it to the full extent, but it is a fantastic budget option.(If you are not a heavy user, or have a house phone, I would suggest pairing this with the T-Moblie $30 per month 1500 Talk/Text plan. It comes to $33 or so after tax. I was paying $65 per month for my mobile before I switched.)As I said at the start of the review, most of the electronics we have don't stand the test of time. The Palm Pixi Plus, on the other hand, is a gem.Hope this helps!

I will start my review with information on how to setup your phone to be used with Simple Mobile or any other GSM carrier, not AT&T.;To activate the phone using simple mobile or any other GSM carrier not AT&T;, you must:1. Have a data plan with you service.2. Have the sim card inserted prior to booting up.3. Try registering, or singing in into your WebOS account. (registration will fail as it will be unable to connect to the internet)4. After a couple of tries, WebOS will point out that it is unable to connect and below the message it gives an option to change the network settings. Click this option.5. There are 3 options on the following screen. Under Access Point, or Internet APN, type: simple. Leave user name and password blank. If you are using another carrier, you must find out what their APNs are. I know t-mobile has several APNs and you might have to try with different ones. H2o uses att.mvno as APN with no user name or password as well.5. After registering the phone, or singing into WebOS, you will see your desktop. Once there, open the Dialer. Click on the carrier name on the upper left hand side of the screen, and click preference. Under Network, click Edit Network Settings and then click MMS APN tab.Under MMS APN tab, type simple under MMS APN, leaving black user name and password. Under MMS Properties enter: [...] (you must find out what the MMS properties for other carriers are and type it here, the one listed is for simple mobile)Under MMS Proxy enter: 216.155.165.050:8080 (again, see above for other carriers)Under Max Size enter: 300.Finally clicking Change Settings.  There might be an error message with the APN change, however, there will be an option to confirm the change below the red text. Confirm the changes by clinking on Set Up Anyway.6. Last thing to do, is to go back to the dialer preferences, and under voice mail number, change the number to: (805) 637-7243 and you will have a fully functional phone using simple mobile. You might need to find out the voicemail number for your carrier in order to access your voice mail from the dialer.In regards to the Palm Pixi Plus, I am enjoying the phone! I sold my G2x in order to give WebOS as a phone a try. I already have an HP Touchpad and I was impressed with how well everything worked out of the box. I started with Android with their first phone, the G1. Within 4 months I moved to IOS (apple), and I was a user for over a year. I then tried blackberry for like a week, and went back to Android for the last 2 years. Not sure why, but I really like WebOS over Android and probably IOS. I guess it has to do with multitasking, and probably with the physical keyboard. One of my biggest complains in Android is how many keys you have to press in order to call someone. Even if you press the search key, you press a lot just to call someone. With the Pixi, just start typing a name and a couple of clicks, and done. Multitasking in android is done by hard pressing on the home screen for a couple of seconds. Then you would find that somehow the app had closed and you had to start from zero. I guess android closes the apps after several other are open! It was annoying not finding the app as you left it. With WebOS and the pixi plus, if the app is open it will be there when you go back to it as you left it, and multitasking is always just two clicks away. The notification system is somehow android like, without having to pull the bar down. Just press the little icon below and notification are shown. Press on the notification, and takes you to the app.My biggest complain with the Pixi Plus and WebOS, is their map app. Simply put, it is not google maps. It does not behave as google maps on android, and it useless! It is Bing Maps, and although it finds where you are and gives you directions, it does not guides you. It does not have a  "from point to point" click option for one to follow the directions either. You have a list view, and an overview to the whole map. There are also no apps on the market for GPS guided directions, that I have seen.Screen Size is small, specially for me that my last phone had a 4" inch screen. However, everything behaves so well that it has not been an issue. The Mail App is great. I would say it is even better than the Gmail App for android. You can set all kinds of accounts, and have favorite folders for easy access to them. All your accounts in one app! In Android, I had the Gmail App, The Regular Mail App, and the Hotmail App. So a lot more switching apps in Android! Inside an e-mail, the apps shines. It displays all pictures and everything as you would see in a computer. It is great! Messaging app combines MMS/SMS with other Messaging accounts as well. It works great too as you have two tabs, one for MMS and SMS and the other for AOL, Google, etc. So not switching between apps for messaging either.The phone runs great on Simple Mobile over Edge Network (which is t-mobile). Simple Mobile's $40 plan limits its 3G speeds to around 125KBit/s, and I am getting about the same speeds over Edge. Using an App from the WebOS market called Net Speed, I averaged 148.6KBit/s on 3 tries. So I am actually gaining Internet speeds with the change from the 4G G2x! .My last point, is price point. I purchased this phone, with the touchstone dock and touchstone cover, for under $100. That is a great deal! All this technology at this price point, is crazy! I know WebOS is hanging by a thread, but so far HP has shown me that they somehow care for the product. They updated their Maps app a couple of days ago, and have given free paid apps for the touchpad. They have also issued a couple of updates to the touchpad after the news. So they know this is a great OS that people just don't know, and with deals like these, more people will know! There is a good community of people designing patches (preware) to improve WebOS, and that adds up to the value of the product. Patches like adblocker, full screen browser, just add value to the OS.I would highly recommend this product to anyone. I did not have a budget to acquire my next cell phone, and I decided for the Pixi Plus based on the experiences with the touchpad and the overall value of the whole package. I spend a good amount of time writing this review in hopes that the information is useful to someone and in turn for WebOS to somehow have future as more people get to experience the OS.

This seller is tricking a lot of dumbers. The word indicated "new" in the items are not true. When I called to the original company for one of the item I bought from them, the company told me the item had been activated on the phone since this phone needs to activate the phone before used it. Don't trust this seller. All the items are not "new" in this seller. I tried to file against this seller at this moment regarding my item not respond by them after I asked them to replace or refund.

My son really liked it while it was working, but the touchscreen quit responding after 4 months.  We managed to re-activate it a few times by following instructions for turning a CRT TV on and off while holding the phone near its screen, but finally even that didn't work.  When purchased, it was supposed to come with a warranty, but I have not been able to get contact with anyone to honor it...  The sellers (cellphonekings) do not respond to calls, and the internet trail leads to a few .jar files for webos doctor that did not get the phone working either.The touchpad still works, but most phone functions are unreachable without the touchscreen.  Directly after a hard reset, followed by an unlock from keyboard, I can dial from the keyboard and make a call--- but I have to turn the phone off in order to hang up, and then another hard reset and unlock to reach a screen where I can enter a number from the keyboard.  So, pretty much useless now and no accessible warranty.

Palm have a distintive market place because its not the typical fashioned phone, this stuff is for the really Palm and no mainstream consumer and have a good interface with android.

I purchased this phone for my brother who needed an unlocked phone to use while we continue on with our current T-Mobile contract. He has used Palm in the past and they have a good track record with him. After just coming off using a Samsung Highlight T749, he wanted something with a touch screen and smartphone capabilities but he did not want to spend a lot of money. So after extensive research he settled on the Palm Pixi Plus and so far he is glad he did. If you are familiar with palm, which has always been more smartphone, business friendly, then the set up and user interface will not bother you; if not, I would suggest a brand with a much easier user interface. I will not go into specifics about the phone because all that has been said. What I will review is how well it works with the T-Mobile network.First the phone, while unlocked, is an AT&T; branded phone; so some settings might have to be manually unlocked to use. Second, while it does not require a data plan because it is an unlocked phone; data is required to set the phone up. We do not subscribe to data on the phones because we have other devices like tablets, so words of caution......do not try to set up account using WiFi with T-Mobile because they will still charge you. We have exceptional WiFi in our home and never lost a signal, the excuse T-Mobile used as to why we were charged. So if the reason you are purchasing this phone is the WiFi, be careful if you have T-Mobile. He also had to change the MMS settings to get it to work. The call quality is good and the basic functions of the network work fine: no drop calls, fast text, IM's, and picture messaging. The picture/video quality is okay but the alarm function leaves a lot to be desired.

I bought 3 phones and all had problems with the touch screen,did not work.I dont how they could sell this products,i lost the money because i am in Colombia,so i can't send it back.

I have an AT&T; account, but my contract ran out a long time ago. Because I'm going abroad next year I don't want to get a contract so I decided not to get an iPhone until I come back to the US in a year. But I needed a new phone for the rest of this school year, and for the time I'll be in the UK. This phone pretty much meets my needs, having WiFi and 3G that can be switched off, mp3 capabilities, and an alarm.FOR PEOPLE WITHOUT DATA PLANS ON AT&T;:You are going to need to ask a friend or family member with a data plan to give you a hand. Following the advice of another recent review on this phone, I asked my roommate if I could borrow her SIM card, because she has data. Using the SIM card with data, the phone could activate and get set up, and then I put mine back in and it has been working fine. So this is one way to get around the punitive data plan laws of the smart phone world. Good luck!

Like any smartphone takes some getting used to.  However, contrary to what someone else posted, ATT detects this as a smart phone.  Initially for the first couple of days my wife and I used it on ATT while transitioning to Straight Talk.  Within a day both of us received a text from ATT that they detected a smartphone and we needed to come in and sign up for a smart phone plan or they would pick one for us.We now use the phones with Straight Talk and that takes some finagling to get Internet.  You have to open the dialer and click on the upper left corner of the window, select preferences then edit network setting.  I set the APN to att.mvno and the MMS proxy to what it says on the Straight Talk web site.  It won't like it when you try to save changes but tell it to set it up anyway.  Once it did it started going to the web.  Several of the icons on the browser are dated and don't work so you will have to rebuild them.Update: I really like some of the apps.  The trip advisor app allows you to hit a "nearby" button and it uses gps to identify local restaurants and hotels and gives you reviews.  YPMobile does something similar and it pops up a map too.  The Facebook app imports all of your friends into your contacts and that is a mixed bag, some ways I like it some ways I do not, I guess I like it more than not since it allows me easier access to emailing them. The phone does much better than the other smart phone I had on the battery.  This one easily makes it through the day and I do much more with it than I ever did with the pantech.  My wife says the touchstone is really convenient for charging at your desk. I have ordered me two, one for home and one for work.  That leads to another plus, all of the accessories are dirt cheap!

great phone ., nice light cute but it wont let me creat a palm profile i need a internet apn a username a password  for at&t ., & i cnt find any help on the internet ., CAN SOMEONE PLZ help me=[???????

Please, never buy this phone. The battery is really really really bad, but anyway the phone is a POS. I waste my money.

purchased a palm pixie unlocked verizon compatible very important as the first one purchased though Amazon was ATT we did not look for this. Amazon did a return and quickly sent out the correct phone, express no fuss . Daughter loves it and it works great Thank you Amazon.

I bought this phone and all the accessories for my husband for a Christmas present. It was a replacement for his flip phone. The phone worked well at first and was a good way to ease in to the smart phone arena.  He is not a heavy user and takes really good care of all of his electronics.  To our dismay, the touch screen went dead after only 6 months of use.  It can't be replaced for a reasonable price, nor was one in stock. Without the touch screen function, you can't really use the phone, even though there's a keyboard. I may try to sell the charger dock and other accessories, but otherwise I'm out the money on a phone I expected to last much longer. I'm very disappointed in the quality of this product.

I bought the Palm Pixi because my previous phone was giving me too many problems and since I cant upgrade yet, I decided to buy here. The palm pixi is an awesome phone. No need to buy the iphone to be completely satisfied. this phone is simple yet so good. it is very fast and has many features i love. I have nothing bad to say about this phone. It is not expensive, and it sure satisfied me. I owned it for less than a month. a little after I bought it, i got a text from at&t letting me know the phone could not be used with out internet and they had added an appropriate plan. I got charged 25 dollars for the internet even though I changed phones right away to try to avoid the charge. I returned this item because I do not like the data plans for smart phones. NO THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED. Buy only if you already have a data plan for a smartphone or dont mind getting charged for it. actually pretty sad to return it. I love this phone only bad thing is getting charged for the internet. ONCE AGAIN, THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED PEOPLE.

The item was in brand new condition as described and it is a beatiful small phone. The problem I encounter is that it is not unlocked, because is still asking for at&t codes to be able to be used overseas. Hence the reason for my 3 stars, cause did not came unlocked as it was in the description. Hope they would send me those codes or a way to fix this problem. Also I sent an email with this request and have not received an email with an answer or acknoledgement of the problem.

The Palm Phone is easy to use but the ring is not loud enough. My wife has missed several calls because of the low volumn and the weak vibrations. Good phone other wise. it does emails and wifi with no difficulity.Palm Pixi Plus GSM with WebOS, Touch Screen, 2 MP Camera and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Black

The phone may be a smart phone unlocked, but every time we try to set it up it calls for a password and now I have this so call Palm Cell Phone that just sits in its box to wait to be tried again for a break. Now I wanted to send it back but my daughter wants to keep it to have a tech. to open it for her... Thanks a lot

the package was an at&t; box, and the phone/accessories were in sealed plastic like a factory original.the manual was an amatuer-hour reprinting of the sprint/cdma version manual. the text is blurry and the pages are non glossy light stock paper with black and white low quality print. fortunately, activating a gsm phone isn't hard to figure out.the clear sticker that comes covering the screen didn't peel off cleanly at all. it appears to have deteriorated over time and when removed, left a thick film of glue and even pulled the plastic of the screen up. luckily, the phone wasn't damaged, but cleaning the sticky residue off was a pain.other than that, the phone was a good value at $59.99 with amazon prime. the battery appears to be in good condition and genuine.I don't think any headphones came with it when originally released, so I'm not surprised to see them missing here.

The original charger was not included. the original casing was not included as well. But the phone works. Would order from them again.

Unless you are looking to mod or root this phone for yourself, don't use palm services, palm was recently acquired by hp, so the palm app store, does not support or allow you to download their services, all you can do is make calls and briefly use the internet before it power cycles about 300 times.

Older technology and less support than newer products, but for the price it far exceeds expectations. Does not interface with Netflix, but that is my only problem. Touch screen is better than some new products.

This phone has to be one of my favourite phones ever! currently have a lumia 920, whilist this phone is a little slow, its a great OS and a wonderful piece of hardware.

it's booken the sofware dont star bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad

This phone is excellent with this price, has good quality screen and high speed.Design is too cool.qwerty keyboard is small but quality and for me is normal, not bad.has weak sound but not very, for me is normal.

Does not work  after using it for 2 weeks without being dropped, this was just not a good product, at all

Bought gadget in June 2012 (now five months later), and was very pleased when compared to iPhone 4S and Android Phones; after trying this Nice & Powerful OS, was deciding to get my hands into the TouchPad Tablet, but will not do so.Last week gadget stop responding to screen taps and tried to fix it; as solving difficulties, made what is stated in the hp support site, but couldn't get it back again.  No support from hp, so I'll have to throw it away and switch to Apple or Android device.No effective troubleshooting from Brand Owner -hp- for this nice product and OS system.Sorry to advice other costumers, beware to buy this Nice Gadget and other Web OS products.

I really like this phone. I have had it almost 4 months and have loved it.  I recommended it to my wife and she got one too. Sure, it might not be as snazzy as an iphone or an android, but at least it doesn't cost $400.Pros:-Integrates well with Google Calendar/Gmail/Google and Facebook Contacts-Touch screen works well-Good call quality and reliability-Some good apps:  Pandora, NPR Public Radio App, Music Player, New York Times, Dictionary-Camera is good.  Also takes videos.  These are easy to share/upload to Facebook or Youtube.-Switch on the side to put phone in vibrate modeCons:-Facebook app is really slow-Youtube only lets you watch unpopular videos, which is weird.  The official video for any music video is almost never available.-Vibrate is very subtle, I miss it all the time-Internet browsing is sometimes underwhelming.-A little slow on answering the phoneAbout this phone with T-mobile without a data plan:I use T-mobile and don't have a data plan, so I just use wi-fi.  This hasn't been a problem, although I needed data enabled to first setup the phone when I bought it.  Supposedly there is another way around it but I found it easier to just use the $1 worth of data to get the thing setup.  To avoid data fees you need to either disable data on the phone or call the carrier to have them disable the internet.  If you disable data on the phone then multimedia messages don't work.  So, we called T-mobile to disable data usage so the phone wouldn't use data but could still send picture texts.

This phone is a pretty amazing value for the price.  It's an unlocked smartphone (with apps, multitasking, camera with LED flash, etc.) that you can use on any GSM carrier.  The one I received had an AT&T; logo on it, but when I put in a T-Mobile SIM it worked just fine.As far as the hardware is concerned, you are definitely getting a lot for the money.  The touchscreen is pretty crisp and responsive (although it is a bit small for my taste).  The keyboard is also pretty tiny, but it is functional.  The camera takes OK pictures and has a pretty nice LED flash (my 3GS doesn't even have that).The software is also very easy to use.  It is centered on multitasking with the cards interface.  Every app launches as a card that you can then switch between or flick off the screen.  The included apps work pretty well and you can download more from the HP App Catalog.  Overall, the software was pretty responsive (I only noticed a few brief slowdowns).Overall, I think you would be hard pressed to find an unlocked smartphone with all these features at this price.  Just make sure that you are on a GSM carrier (like T-Mobile or AT&T;).  The CDMA model is half the price of the GSM model so that might work out for those on Verizon or Sprint.

This phone was not unlocked they lied i could of bought a better phone that was unlocked which did not make scence to lie saying it was i am really upset now now i have to pay money to get it unlocked which will take longer .

This was an unlocked phone.  It uses a propriatory operating system and caused a lot of problems with my carrier interface.  I eventually had to have the carrier turn off many of the features included in my rate plan and I ended up with a basic phone, which I could have purchased for less than half the price.

I purchased this phone on august 24th, and I had it with me a couple of days later (26th). What can I say? It's a very good phone. Palm did an amazing job with WebOS. It's fast, responsive, and pleasing to the eye. For less than $90 you get an unlocked phone with a qwerty keyboard, capacitive touchscreen with multitouch support and wifi. Granted, the keyboard is rather on the small side, but if you don't have extremely large fingers you should do just fine. The processor is clocked at 600MHz. By today's standards that's not much but for a device this small it works perfectly. Most people were surprised when they saw my new phone as they hadn't seen it before; they were all impressed by how thin and pretty it is.I'd definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking for a small, budget-friendly, smartphone. Now, a few things need to be said about this phone. You need to create a palm profile the first time you turn it on. So you'll either have to use the by-pass tool offered in palm's website or find an At&t; sim card so you can create the profile. After creating the profile I tried to download an app from the Palm's app store. It didn't work. After a long, tedious, and unhelpful chat session with a palm representative I gave up on apps. Nevertheless, I turned off the phone and took the battery out for a couple of minutes, put it back on and then turned on the device. It worked. I have installed some apps now.All in all, this is a good device. It's small, relatively powerful and one hell of a looker. If you have your expectations in the right places you should not be disappointed.

I have had a Palm device since my palm pilot III, and still think Palm does certain things better than all others. I have had Palm phones including Treo, Treo Pro, Centro, Pre . . .  The Pixie is what I hoped it would be, small and capable running web OS. Turns out it runs much more efficient on AT&T; than T-Mobile, I get 2 1/2 days of battery life on ATT and was barely making a day on T-M. Not sure why but since it is an unlocked AT&T; phone there must be a connection. The screen is clear and sharp, and the touch screen is perfect. Since Palm was the first company to make consumer products ( Palm Pilots ) with a touch screen, this is just another thing they do best. I use my cell phone primarily as a phone and text device. The Pixie does this very well, and the WEB OS synchronization also works well for my other needs.  Again Palm has been in the business of synchro longer than most if not all. Maybe that is why HP paid so much money for Palm a while ago. Too bad the CEO did not see the long term benefits of WEB OS and the Palm division. Maybe the new CEO will, lets hope.The Pixie is a VERY good small and easy to use phone, I Highly recommend it.

Bought this as a replacement phone and it was in brand new condition. The keyboard is too small for the females who like to get their nails done and for those with fat fingers. Overall it was in great condition and I still have it to this day even though I no longer use it and it's still looking like a brand new phone.

I like the phones and the people I gave them to as gift really appreciated them. They work great. Since they were unlocked, my sisters just put their Ghanaian SIM cards in them and started using them and they were able to charge them on 240 volt and that's great.

It's small and lightweight, with a really accurate touchscreen  The phone was left in the sun and the outside rubber part warped, adn eventually came off. The time changes itself constantly... not sure why. Other than that, good phone.

I loved loved loved this phone when I first got it almost six months ago. Then after awhile I realized I could have a better phone. There's not that many apps, the youtube on it sucks now. It's a good phone for texting, taking pictures, video taping. Today it stopped working though. I don't know why, but it did. I can't answer phone calls, text, or anything because the touch screen broke. The only thing I can do is call people, and that's only because before it broke I put a pin code password on it, so when I turn it on I can type in the pin code on the key pad, when it's plugged in. If it's not it makes me have to pull up the lock and considering my screen is broken I can't really do that. So when it's plugged in right away it shows me to put in my code. Probably doesn't make sense if you don't have the phone. But the phone is cheap and it stopped working after about six months..

I bought this phone for my 11 year old son. First of all I want to inform all the potential buyers that it was shipped to me by Unlocked Cellphone King and it was NOT in its original factory packaging.  However, the seller nicely packed the phone and all the original items in a nice black HTC Mytouch zipper case. The Phone is brand new fully UNLOCKED and all its original items are brand new as well. Shipping was prompt. I wanted to throw this info out there because this was not something that the seller disclosed. Not a big deal to me but it would be nice if the seller discloses this on the seller's posting.Now to the Phone:The phone is simply very CLASSY. It is originally an AT&T; phone but fully unlocked. We have T-mobile service with unlimited data in our family plan.. I did not have to go thru any extra setup or bypass instructions as mentioned by other buyers reviews.  Inserted my SIM card, it made me go thru some setup steps mainly username, password and email addresses and I was up and running in minits. Please be aware that this phone is NOT compatible with T-mobile 3G data service and will work only on the EDGE network (not a big deal for me or my son for what we paid for it). Synced gmail and all contacts came right to the phone. pretty painless. WiFi is a bonus, no problems setting it up. This phone is cute and tiny, just perfect for my 11 year old's tiny fingers (keyboard can be a little tight for someone with thick or fat fingers).. This phone is compatible with touchstone charging capability and I purchased the original touchstone back cover and the charger both less that $ 9.00 combined. Touchscreen is very responsive and smooth. This phone is a great great value for the price and cheaper than most T-mobile's pay-as-you-go phones. I highly recommend this phone as a first phone for your young ones while it is being sold at a throw away price.It is unfortunate that HP decided to the discontinue such a pretty WebOS.Hope this Info helps future potential buyers.

Palm Pixi PlusInitial SetupI have T-Mobile for the service and I don't have a data plan. I read from other reviews that there are two ways to activate the phone and setup a PALM profile because it cannot be activated using WI-FI for the first time. One way is to bypass the activation process using developer's resource kit and the other way is to borrow a friend's SIM card with a data plan on it.I used neither of them because I subscribed to T-Mobile's $10/month 200MB plan just for one month(I can cancel it anytime I want)after I got this phone. I'm pretty sure you can just setup your phone using the Pay as You Go plan which is $1.99 per MB, and I found out that I only used less than 0.2MB after the initial setup.Using itAfter the initial setup, you can turn the data usage off to avoid being charged for data fees, and you can still use the wi-fi.This phone requires some google efforts to get familiar with the navigations and functions such as how to delete an icon and move apps to the quick launcher. I didn't really like the function of dragging an app from one launcher to the next one.There are not a lot of apps available for this phone in the Apps Catalog but it does have Facebook, Spotify, Pandora, and AccuWeather.Web browsing on Pixi using Wi-Fi is very fast comparing to the Nokia smartphone I used to have. I have not encounter a web page that I couldn't accessed, but you cannot download files with the built-in browser, at least I haven't discover how to do it yet. And, you cannot used an alternative browser such as Opera Mini, and there isn't one available anyway.Note that you cannot use wi-fi for GPS; the GPS is not working so well anyway because T-Mobile customers can only accessed it with EDGE instead of 3G, which slows loading the maps. Also for some reason, Google Maps is no longer usable in this phone after the initial update of maps. I do not recommend buying this phone because of its GPS.VerdictFor reasons like screen quality, call quality, build quality, and browsing speed, I give this phone a four-star. And for only $65 that I got this phone for, I think this is a bargain even though I subscribed a $10 service for it.

OK PERFECTO,, LO COMPRE PARA SER ENVIADO Y USADO EN VENEZUELA Y FUNCIONA DE MARAVILLA, YA TENGO UN A&Ntilde;O EN USO Y NUNCA HE TENIDO PROBLEMAS HASTA EL DIA DE HOY.. LO RECOMIENDO TRABAJA PARA CUALQUIERA DE LAS OPERADORAS EN VENEZUELA Y FUNCIONA AL PELO...

This works great with the unlimited Straight Talk plan. I got a Straight Talk sim card with the Unlimited plan on it and slipped it into this phone and it works great. I have no calls drop and the data works just like it would on the AT&T; network.I had no problems at all setting up the palm account, like some other people mentioned in their reviews, but I did have the data on the Straight Talk plan so it had internet as soon as I placed the sim card into the phone.I love the size and weight to the phone and for 60.00 you really can't beat the price. The app catalog is great! I wanted a phone that I could have apps on, and get email , use twitter and facebook ect... but not have the steep monthly phone bill, this was my solution and I couldn't be happier with the result!I would make this purchase again if I had to.I also paired this phone with the touchstone back cover and the touchstone kit for an extra 20.00. It gives the phone a great look and a customized look with the pink bevel from the touchstone backing.

I was initially hesitant to buy the phone because I am on T-mobile, the phone looked small, and it had a tactile keyboard. It came in yesterday and after spending an hour setting it up, I had no more worries. Physically, the phone is small and light, the complete opposite of the large 4.2-inch screen phone I had before. The keyboard, though small, works remarkably great and has a great clicky-ness to it. On the software-side of things, everything works great. Sometimes, things slow down, but rarely as long as you don't multitask too much.Regarding getting it up and going on T-Mobile, I searched "1.x bypass" on google and made my way to an appropriate walkthrough of bypassing the activation. I am on the more experienced side of computer and software fiddling, so it wasn't that hard. The hardest part, IMO, was getting the phone into recovery mode, lol. The Palm website doesn't explain it well enough. 1. Plug usb cable to wall charger 2. Take the battery out 3. Hold the volume up button 4. Put battery back in 5. Plug usb cable into phone 6. Continue holding down the volume up button until the usb connectivity logo pops up on-screen.In conclusion, its the best cheap gsm smartphone on the market AND it comes with a warranty. Its great as an interim phone or back-up phone.

I was waiting anxiously for my new smartphone, the last one I had was a Palm Treo 650, I loved this smartphone. When I see the blackberries I'm amazed that smartphones so old as my Treo are so much better (just my humble opinion). I bought two Pixis one for me and one for my wife. We were so excited, I just had a little concern with having to register with Palm (HP) to be able to use the smartphone. I placed my SIM into the Pixi, followed the simple steps to create my profile and voila my Pixi was ready to use, but I had a great problem afterwards. When I tried to configure the second Pixi I wasn't able, because my Pixi wasn't able to connect to the carrier's Data Service (3G). I tried with many other SIMs, I went to the carrier offices to enable my data plan (but I had been always enabled), and I talk with Palm (HP) customer service and told to follow some steps (which I did, and included to reset the smartphone with WebOs Doctor) and told me that if this didn't work out I had to send back the smartphone for a refund or new one. This is a bummer. I tried everything but no solution. Hope this doesn't happen to you.

I wanted a smart phone, kind of, but definitely didn't wantto pay for a data plan with verizon.  I did my research andfound a T-mobile plan for $30 a month.  Then I found thisphone.  It's less expensive, and smaller than a smart phone,so fits easier in my pocket.  It has a physical keyboard, with I prefer,but also has touch screen, and has wi-fi access, so when I'm at home I canuse the wi-fi without getting data charges.My only complaints are:  1- can't do facebook or instagram.2- can't program unique text tones for different contacts.(you can program unique ring tones for phone calls though.by unique, I mean a different tone for each contact, so when mom calls,it plays one tone, when dad calls it plays something totally different.)The phone is also very simple to navigate, much like an iPad.I'm glad I purchased this phone.

the phone was ok, but i didnt recive the charger, also the phone was lock and supously has to be unlocked, i have to send a lot of email, to recive teh code for unlock the phone. I NEVER BUY THIS SELLER AGAINPalm Pixi Plus GSM with WebOS, Touch Screen, 2 MP Camera and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Black

i oder this phone so i can travel. i have a death in my familly and i was going to london and i decide to other this unlock phone to travel. unfortunaty i pay the price for a new phone and when i receive the phone and the was unable to turn on put it on charger nothing i never have time to return but please do not from this seller because he is seller defective phone theft..F---Palm Pixi Plus GSM with WebOS, Touch Screen, 2 MP Camera and Wi-Fi - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Black

This is a great phone. It fits nicely in the palm and it has a large enough screen. Its qwerty key pad means that my typing is now so much more easier and faster.

evan when it sais unlocked cell phone, it still needs to have some kind of account, I bought this phone for my mom, i gave it to her she was sooo excited then she wanted to use it... but we cant... we dont have Palm account, i tried to write to seller or to Palm, neither one of them can explain, or hepl me create account for palm... so the phone is sitting on a shelf for a year now, and its probably gonna end up in a trash ... SOOOO disapointed!! TOO complicated.. and not a seller or maker  seems to care...

This phone is small, it looks great. The keys are small for them small fingers. Nice phone. But my screen went out in couple days.

I was looking for a second phone to use with the extra SIM I have. Not interested in neither Android, iOS or Blackberry. I own a Nokia N8 so Symbian was out of the equation, then I got left Windows Phone, Meego and WebOs. Since this WebOs phone is a lot cheaper that any Meego or Windows Phone I saw, I went for it, after all I was searching for a backup phone.So, I received the phone and the first thing I saw was the at&t; logo on the box, the phone and all written materials. The phone came brand new (with the particular smell new items have) with the wall charger and the data cable. The size is perfect (even the keys on the keyboard could have been a bit bigger) It feels very good in the hand and it's not heavy at all. The screen has a good size and responds very well to touch. It also seems to have the Touchtone back cover but I will test it as soon as I receive the Touchtone charger I ordered.Upon powering on (which takes a while) it asked me to create a palm profile in order to use the phone. I am currently not in the US (in Central America) so I don't have an at&t; SIM, so I was affraid there would be some kind of issue with that based on some reviews I saw. I even had the link ready to do the Bypass activation thing, but it was not needed at all! The profile created correctly and I was able to use the phone with no trouble at all (Maybe it's because here the 3g frequency is 850Mhz same as the one AT&T; uses?)I have a prepaid card with a data plan so I used it to create the profile.I am playing around with it, still at the learning curve. I haven't figured out how to get to the phone settings as yet so I can set it up to use wifi instead of data to search for updates, but I will keep playing around till I find it.Enjoying the phone so far!

Awesome little smart phone for the kids. Plays awesome music, wifi works well and therefore youtube movies etc.Only problem was trying to activate the palm from overseas.The palm site would not let you create an account to start the phone.Found a work around but now have no access to its app store.. Shame palm/HP could not work out a better way to access the activation system... has killed our need to buy appsLove webos, it rocks

This has got to be the most underrated phone on the market. 8GB of flash space built in, a svelte body, an amazing Keyboard, and WebOS is a delight to use. I went from a Motorola Android device to this and it's night and day. Battery gets me through the whole day on one charge, pretty typical of most phones these days. The GPS is so easy to use. For someone who just needs a phone for Email and Phone calls, this is the one. I dont care about a bunch of fancy, useless apps that no one really needs. It does have an app store, but the Palm is all business. At this price, its hard to beat it.

it's an interesting phone, you will like it, except the cover. I've never had any phone with bad cover like that. after 3 months its border is apart from the phone and looks bad. I found on internet to solve this problem and found that many people are in state like me. i heard that the problem cannot be solved now. even if you buy a new cover at the price of about 30usd, after a time, it will loose like before again.

I had an android made for T-Mobile but wanted to try a phone that combined touchscreen and raised keyboard. I don't do contract phones anymore so I look for the best inexpensive phones. For just $68.00, I found what I was looking for in AT&T;'s Palm Pixi Plus.  I have a data plan with T-Mobile so when I inserted my sim card and powered on, the set up was a breeze. I love this phone for its design and features. The pocket sized phone is small, thin, and lightweight and fits nicely into the palm of my hand. The cover is durable, fits snugly and is easy to remove and replace.The touchscreen is super, better response than some more expensive phones I've had. Gentle taps and finger flicks are all that it needs.  This is great design and easy to get used to.  Even though the keyboard is in a small space, it works just fine. I got frustrated with the virtual keyboard on the touchscreen of my other phone. I made too many mistakes, even with swyping.Palm Pixi Plus works great with my home Wi-Fi connection, excellent speed. I couldn't get Wi-Fi to work in my workplace, though because there is no way to set a proxy.I mostly use my Bluetooth earphone and get good sound quality. You can choose different ringtones and backgrounds but choices are limited. I do wish the vibration function was strong; I only notice vibrate when the ringer has no bars (same as mute). I like that a caller's photo fills the whole screen; the screen is not huge, just over 2 inches, but big enough.  I was able to transfer pictures from a media card as this phone can work like a storage device when you connect it to a computer with a USB cable. You can also charge the phone this way.I purchased the touchstone charger because it's so easy to use, no fiddling with plugging the cord into the phone. I had to buy a charging cover too but the accessories were inexpensive on Amazon.For the reading challenged, the phone comes with short animated video clips on how to operate its features - a picture is worth a thousand words.I can get up to 8 hours and my charge would probably last longer if I didn't rely on Bluetooth. I keep a car charger and one at work. I always charge overnight.I'm okay with 2G speed. I don't use the phone as my primary device for surfing the internet, watching movies, as an alarm clock or as my primary camera. I also don't use it to keep my calendar on. The Pixi Plus doesn't have a ton of APPS but that is fine by me. I'm not willing to pay for AT&T;'s navigator service and wish there was a better Maps APP available. Again, this is a phone and it does that job very well.This is not an android or iPhone but the Palm Web OS does a great job and could have become a serious competitor; I hope it gets a revisit. I love the phone and would recommend it to others.

This is an awesome little phone! Great touchscreen, keypad's a little small (totally fine for me, might be a problem for some people), sturdy, screen has a good size and is responsive, camera is good (I don't use it that much), and the operating software is great (webOS 1.4.5). Honestly as of now I don't see any cons except maybe for the WiFi (which is probably mostly attributable to me because I don't fully know how to work with it yet). If you don't have an unlimited data plan, it's totally fine. All you have to do is:1. Touch the call icon2. Touch where it has your carrier name3. Select "Preferences"4. Scroll down to "Data Usage" and turn it offBoom! No data will be used. Simple! This is a great phone and I'd recommend it to anyone who wants an awesome phone for a good price. If you want any more info just comment on this review and I'll see what I can do.
