
I bought this online here since it was cheaper. Its a good phone, but sometimes it keeps shutting off on its own. The camera is good fdor me, it takes descent pics outside. Im now downloading the opera mini. ITs a good phone for texting , and the speakers are loud, i get a few dropped calls i guess due to the area im in. Phone was shipped fast too. Update: This phone kept cutting off and turning off on its own since i got it, i should have sent it back for another one. You need to download opera mini since the net on here sucks. Camera is ok in light. But the shutting off thing is so bad i dont know why it keeps doing that. IT just turns off when i text or send a message at weird times. I dont know if this happens with everone of if its just my phone. But it is a good phone to text and surf net with,but download opera mini.

I got my Motorala Theory Prepaid Phone about two or three weeks ago and have loved it ever since.  It's really easy to use and I love how it notifys me that I have a text message.  The notification makes it really easy to get to the message quickly and easily.  While the picture quality stinks, I usually have my iPod with me so I can take pictures easily.  Overall, I love this phone!!

i purchased this item for my son. I was thinking that it was much more durable then it actually was. He dropped it once and the screen shattered so he wasn't able to continue to use it. I was truely disappionted.

my kid loves this product but of course wants me to upgrade her to a IPOD. shes on crack great product.

Phone is great and works like a champ.  I would recommend this device to all of my friends.  Best money I've ever spent on a phone.

I have not yet recieved this cell phone and I e mailed them twice and they have yet to respond. Maybe I need to take further actions.

Its an okay phone. I didn't want anything too expensive it works well and not too expensive. I would get it again if I had a choice.

Good phone wish it had music player but other then that awesome phone good reception, loud and clear no problem hearing and less dropped calls. Shipping was pretty quick and had no problem with that.

Note: In this particular phone purchase I didn't have the luxury to be a picky buyer. I stuck with the phones that were currently available for my Boost plan as a choice.It's nice for a prepaid phone. It's a slightly heavy. It has a datebook, alarm clock, calculator, notepad. Since I haven't been able to easily remove the plastic off the lens, I haven't tested the picture quality of the phone. The keys on the phone feel like small bubbles which can be irritating. There isn't a num/cap lock on this keyboard.  But there is a ALT and arrow up with a dash over it as it's equivalent. There isn't a SIMS card.The transition from the Rambler to the Theory was seamless with Boost automated system. Nice.Made in several countries

I USED TO BUY BLACK BERRYS THIS PHONE IS NO DIFFERENT THE ONLY THING ITS MISSING IS THE MUSIC PLAYER.

After getting out from under a 2 year prison term with ATT, I found this Motorola from Boost.  I didn't want a lot of bells and whistles but nothing to plain either.  This handles both worlds.  Easy to understand, feels well made and I like the Blackberry look.  Just starting to see what this phone can do, but I can tell you this...I'm never going back to a contract!

I replaced my Motorola i290 with the Theory thinking that I was getting a better phone.  Turns out that's all it's good for, theory, as far as Motorola tech people are concerned. They suck at providing sound tech advice on their own product.  You'd think they should know that there is no way to connect the Theory to a PC either with bluetooth or data cable.  It cost me over $50 to get their Motorola Tool kit, which they recommended as a solution for getting access to my contact and text messages, not to mention photos (as poor as they are!), on a PC.  Only after installing and reporting back to them that the tool does not seem to recognize Theory did they figure out that there's no way to connect Theory to a PC.  Worse still, they would not refund me even though they told me to buy it!.  Each time I called I get a different recommendation from Motorola technicians.  Needless to say, this is my last Motorola phone!  For real...

dnt lyke this fone u cnt download thats mess  the youtube is funny cnt see the pitcherz at all cnt get ringtones will will not by another one of these phone u dnt have that many wall paper to start with i hate this phone cheap very i wnt a blackberry so thats wat i will get i love boost but not sme of the phone so yeah iam giving my fone away

I love it and please with my purchase of Motorola Theory Prepaid Phone (Boost Mobile).I will recommend this product to others.

This phone was great for the first mth or so, then it started to act up. Internet is unreliable, sometimes the scree freezes on or offline, and sometimes phone restarts itself.

If I could, I would have rated it 3.5.  The Theory is an impressive looking phone with a nice screen and an easy-to-use QWERTY keyboard, although the Call and End keys are awkwardly placed and sized.  Calls are nice and clear, and my reception and data speeds (2.5G) are pretty good considering I'm on the very edge of Boost's coverage.  Battery life is better than I expected too.  However, there are several drawbacks.  The web browser is bad.  It's ugly, every page you view has a heavily pixelated advertisement at the top, and you get a bare-bones rendering of any website you go to.  I would highly recommend downloading Opera Mini and using that as your browser instead.  The camera also leaves much to be desired.  Even at the Theory's highest resolution, photos are small and of poor quality when you get them onto a computer (USB cable is not supplied); I frequently have to override the white balance "auto" setting to get proper color correction; photos are often overexposed--even indoors with the exposure at -2--and there's no flash.  Without a video camera and music player, this is a poor multimedia phone.  If you just want to text/talk/surf (through Mini) on a phone that has that Blackberry style, it's a worthwhile buy, but only through Boost: the Theory is definitely not a phone you would want to get locked into a contract for, unless you were getting it for free.

Have had this phone for over 6 months now thru Boost.  Can't complain really for the money I paid ($40).  Does pretty much everything I want and need out of a phone.  I really just use it for calls, text, and checking emails. Solid feel to phone, feels comfortable holding, and keypad has good response.  Overall a good lower end phone for the money.  Highly recommended.

I just needed a phone ASAP and this was all I could afford at the time, I am looking for another Boost phone, but don't want to pay more than $50, and need it to be Web friendly.  This phone is not.  This phone does it's job with calls and texts but that's about it!

it was not what I expected

Its good for texting and making calls...that's it. Keys makes my fingers hurt. Very dissatisfied but what do I expect for 30$. Currently looking for an Android/Smartphone. I need the Internet

Though it is certainly cheap enough this phone has a short battery life and tinny sound. There are better Boost phones for not much more money.

I bought this phone from best buy a few weeks ago, it retails for 59.99. I mean, it works ok for calls and texts. I way worse reception with this than I did Boost's Sanyo Innuendo. It does not have a slot for a micro sd card and you can't watch videos or record videos on it. The internet works alright but I downloaded Opera mini and use that. On the regular browser it works alright but pictures are absolutly awful. In a nutshell if you're only interested in texts and calls it's alright.

Isn't the best phone in the world but if need something that doesn't require internet - this is the best choice. Thank you

they shut down all on their own they black out and never come back on i have had three and all have done the same their not worth the money or the head ache

Calls drops constantly, Can't hear, unable to hold calls, can't download ANYTHING, IT'S FOR KIDS TO SAY &#34;I GOTTA CELL PHONE AND I'M 1yr, OLD) LOL

the phone was descrived as new but phone is used was previously connected fraud not happy with seller also phone brightness level 5 6 dosn't work

This is a fairly basic, easy-to-use, no-contract phone. It wasn't too expensive. It gets good reception in most places, although is probably more of a function of Boost/Sprint's coverage in my area. The phone has a nice feel in my hand - not too plasticky.My only complaint is that the buttons feel very cheap, and the buttons on the periphery seem to take more effort to push than those nearer to the middle.

as pre-payment not served in Venezuela

This is great phone! My only real drawbreak with it is that you cannot set the desired number of rings before it switches to voicemail. Otherwise, it's a great phone for the money.

i charged the phone all night and just work half of the day! for like 3 hrs. i wish i can get my money back!

This was my favorite phone for a while, until it started crashing and shutting down randomly. It served its purpose

I bought my phone at Target but I still wanted to leave a review. I am sure there are others who use amazon reviews for new products whether they purchase through amazon or not.I have had this phone for about 2 weeks now and I am pretty happy with it so far. I downgraded a little. I was first using a Samsung Gravity Touch and then a HTC HD2 (which is what I was using when I ditched the contract and got the Theory). I thought I would miss the features of my touch screen phone but I actually don't. I am personally happy to leave the pressure of using an advanced, trendy phone behind and to go back to something basic.This phone has no music player feature which is ok with me. I carry a mp3 player with me all the time anyway. But the camera is POOR. I like to take a lot of pictures and upload them to Facebook so this is a bit of a set back. I know have to carry my camera with me if I want decent pictures.Also...although I can text easily (even with having large hands and fingers), I can't text much in one text. Maybe there is a way to get around this but each text only allows 160 characters which limits you if you tend to send long thoughts in a text as I do.Other than that, I am pleased with the phone. The browser was not that great either but I download Opera Mini and it has improved.

Doesn't always open picture messages. Doesn't a;ways ring or vibrate for messages calls or tesxts or alarms. It freezes very often. It shuts off and on by itself. the coating on the keys rubbed off. VERY quickly. I paid 3 times what it is selling for now. Have NEVER been happy with the phone. It isn't even worth the price it is now. DO NOT BUY THIS unless you don't mind missing calls no alarm or phone shutting off and freezing all the time. Also the web searching sucks can basically check email and facebook but can't manuver through other web sites.

I was forced to downgrade due to monetary restraints. I still use my smart phone. I just talk and text with this

I ordered this phone for my fianc&eacute;.. needless to say im not really impressed. its ok.. I mean for like making sure you have a phone, the buttons are really small and hard to text. and I read the reviews that you can download opera mini on it but when I tried it wouldn't download. so the browser is super slow. I would recommend this phone for someone who just needs it to have a secure line of connection for it, slow texting, slow browser, nothing at all fancy.. I would get faster internet on a 10 track phone..

i bought this phone and i just love it, i needed a longer lasting battery, so i contacted Motorolaand ask them did they have a battery that had more talk time and they yes, and just sent me it to me at no extra charge. And now i can talk on my phone for 8 to 12 hours before i need to charge it up.

works for calling and text  , if you just need a cheep phone, this phone will work, to get to next pay check

I got my phone today and I'm liking it alot more that any other boost phone I've had. I had the Clutch before and this is a bit like an updated version with some of the fail taken out of it. The web browser is much better and the over all phone looks nice and sleek, and it's very light. Oh and I'm really picky abotu how my QWERTY keyboards feel on my phones and this one is really nice and doesn't bum up your fingers. Screens nice too, so overall great phone so far.

This phone is great for talk, text, and email. I love it with my busy lifestyle. The internet access is not like an andriod or an iPhone, but it isn't avertised to be. I call it my cheap Blackberry.

serves the purpose that I want in a phone not flashy but I'm able to make calls and check email easily

I love my phone it serves all my purpose. The price was affordable ,and than to have a warranty on the phone was more that i expected. I got it brand new from amazon and on time. Highly recommeded.

I chose this rating because the phone is okay at best.  It has a nice look to it, but that is pretty much it.  It only allows texts up to 160 words, and it becomes very slow to save contacts when using it for only about a month.

The phone is basic, it is easy to use, and I love it. It is the best. Everything has been made right. Metrolina Movies are the best.If you have any issues, they will resolve it.

as far as i know there is nothing wrong with the phone-package has not been opened.  husband was frustrated with the android phone i gave him, he had this particular phone before but lost it so he had to stick with the other one.  thought i would surprise him and give him the motorola theory again but he decided to keep the android phone, so i am returning the motorola.  the package arrived before the estimated date, had it not been for him changing his mind we would have kept this one.  i would buy from this seller again.

SO far I've had it for about a month and haven't had any issues. It's a little tricky to answer calls where the send/end buttons are located but I'm getting used to them. Keyboard is helpful and easy to use even with larger hands except I keep turning the speaker phone off & on when I hit the letter (A) I'd buy it again especially since it works great!!

This is not an outstanding phone by any means, but it is a good value for the money, so far. I wanted a non-Android Boost Mobile phone that would do occasional web browsing. It does what it's supposed to do. Not the most robust phone, and battery life isn't fantastic, but it's easy to use, and I haven't had any problems with it. I wouldn't recommend it for regular, hard usage, but for a backup or second phone it's just fine.

I got this phone just 4 months ago. The calls are nice and clear. Its very user friendly. Not much in the way of selection for ring tones and no micro sd slot. The camera is great if you are outside and have lots of light. If you don't it is horrible and dark. I also don't like that it doesn't automatically start another page of text when you reach the maximum 160 characters. Also you can't respond to emails through the preset location for email and im. You have to set up your email through the internet and save the page as a favorites in order to respond. Because of this you are not alerted when you receive an email.All that being said it was still a functioning phone. Nothing fancy. After four months of use during a phone call my ear piece speaker went out. Zip, nada, zero, no sound at all. DURING A CONVERSATION! If I am going to talk to someone on the phone I have to remember to either answer the call through the speaker phone or turn the speaker phone on before dialing or I am listening to air.Oh and another complaint. The battery life stinks. I sometimes am down to yellow one bar battery by one in the afternoon. I don't even turn my phone on most days until 10 to 10:30. I am not in any way abusive to my phone. I set it down, not thrown or dropped onto the counter or coffee table. I only plug it in when the battery is low. I realize I am odd in that I turn it off every night too! So I was very upset that my speaker went out and the battery is sucking the life out of itself so quickly.My husband has the same phone and had it for one day longer then me. He works in a place that is very dusty and dirty with dry chemical ingredients flying about and his phone works okay. Though his battery life is beginning to decrease rapidly in just the last week or two.So I guess if you need a phone for just a few months until you can get the Samsung Prevail or the BlackBerry, then this one seems to be fine. But four months seems to be its limits.Boost service is fantastic though! We left T-mobile to save money and didn't loose any of the service that we had with them when we switched over. So very pleased with Boost service. Just not too thrilled with the Motorola Theory.

Whom ever said "you get what you pay for" was partially right because in this case the product was NOT even worth the price!  I would not recommend throwing your money away on this!

This phone is a good example of what is wrong with cheap consumerism. I bought this phone to replace a phone that lasted 18 months. My old phone fell out of my pocket as I was mowing.. crunch! I had this phone for only 1 week. The screen went white after it fell from the sofa to the carpeted floor. A common occurrence for most of us. I had hoped to use this one as a backup phone.The keys are really small, the sound was tinny, the backplate fell off all the time. The battery ran low frequently. It was built like a cheap Dollar Tree toy.  I am glad this phone went dead as I made a mistake when I bought it. Here I am, back online looking for another phone, nothing fancy. I just want to make and receive texts & calls.

Can't see the font .  The screen is tiny .  The speakerphone doesn't work .  The camera button doesn't work .  The keyboard buttons are way too close together .  Worst phone  I ve ever owned .

The Theory itself is a great phone....the one I had originally was perfect with no problems! This one has a few quirks, such as after relatively few text messages are sent, I receive a message saying my text somethin somethin is 80% full. I never got that message before and did thousands of texts. So I have to go in and delete all conversations to get it cleared.Also several times when I've had a call come in, I can't take it just by pressing the green button, I have to press the up, down and middle buttons on the main center area then go to the green and take the call. I think it's refurbished or something else is wrong. I'm not happy about that cause I won't take the time or aggrivation to send it back and get another one or a refund. I don't have the time. So I'm not satisfied with it because I feel already having problems this soon tells me it probably won't last long.

It is very easy to use. I love it.

Had this phone for several months. For the most part, it functioned ok. It took awhile to get used to the keyboard because the keys are so small. It made it difficult to text message. Once you figured out to just use your fingertip ends,  it smoothed out a bit. Reception on Boost was sketchy at best. Eventually, the signal died completely in my area making the phone useless. I ended up having to go to another phone, and a contract once again.  For some reason, I've not had the best of luck with Motorola. I'm not sure if it's just getting the occasional &#34;lemon&#34;,  or what.  On this occasion, the phone didn't do what I expected of it.  I went to an Apple iPhone 4S and couldn't be happier.  This phone might be ok for one of the kids, but it didn't do what I needed it to do. So it got a lower rating....sorry.

A good replacement phone I brought for my dad. The keyboard helps him a lot to text now and makes his life easier.

Works well as a modern phone without all the bells and whistles of an iPhone or droid phone.  You can't play music on it, but if you go online and download Opera Mini you can use your Boost Unlimited Internet on it and it functions and looks just like a regular computer.  Opera Mini is also about a thousand times faster (literally) than the browser that comes with the phone.  Great value for what you pay.  It is way more cost effective than a smart phone.

Great phone.  I purchased this phone for my daughter-in-law.  She lost her other Motorola Theory. She really liked the first one she had and this one is a great replacement.  It works great in our area and she had no problems setting it up.  She told me that she loves it!

Lets face it Boost has never been known for great phones.  I've been with Boost for a long time and had one bad phone after another.  I thought I found true love with the Theory.  Nice screen and keypad and pretty good sound quality.  Nothing fancy to be sure but it is a sharp looking phone.Ten months later the speaker goes out.  I've had to use a blue tooth headset while I decide what to do.  I take good care of my phone and it still looks like new.  Since others have had the same problem I figure it's bad design or manufacture.  If you decide to buy and you like it I suggest you buy another for backup.  At current price at least you won't be out much cash.

There is not much I like about this phone.-You can only text 160 characters at a time.-Then you also recieve texts 160 characters at a time so I text may come in as 3 or 4 texts but the worst part is they often come out of order so you have to piece it together.-The default text setting seems to be abc rather than Abc so I text in all lower case rather than starting sentences with a capital and I can't figure out how to change it.-When I recieve a picture text the picture is so small that I can't usually tell what it is and there is no way to make it bigger.-Internet won't conect at all. This was to be my 1st 'smart phone' and it does nothing a smart phone should.-Randomly shuts down and restarts at weird times.-Randomly loses service in places where my hubby's Prevail (also with Boost) has great service.-Call quality is usually good but once in a while I hear only static or the other person cuts in an out to the point you can't understand anything they say. If you call back it is usually fine but isn't easy when you are calling a company.

Has everything needed in a cell phone.  Great deal for the price! I would buy another phone like this.  Thank you!

phone is great just for those who wish to call n text. fits perfect in any pockets , very compact.

I only purchased this phone to make and receive calls....and the price was right. If you're looking for a nice camera or internet access...THIS IS NOT THE PHONE FOR YOU.
