
The phone in itself is okay, but the sellers (Neo's) is absolutely outstanding! I received the phone before the estimated arrival date, but I only had it for a week until it was accidentally run over. I gave Neo a call, told him what happened and even though it wasn't covered under the warranty, he sent me a new phone! Not only that, but I received the second phone in 2 days.....Wow! I was blown away at the amazing service I received from them! I would buy any phone from them again in a heartbeat!!!!

I think this is a pretty good phone. Touch screen is good, nice feel in the hands, great camera, and an awesome music/video player. The only problem I have is that I THOUGHT I ordered a Kin Twom. But, it didn't specify and I just didn't think about it. But if you did the same as me, don't worry! You can make it where you don't have a data plan! But you can't use the Kin SPOT or LOOP. But since I switched from a Kin Onem to this, it's very nice. The best feature phone I've ever seen on Verizon. Ever. The shipping was ok. I hate USPS, because I'm not even sure they stop at my house (which is where I ordered this and many other items). But other than those small issues, this is a great phone!

Just to clear it up the confusion right away. This is a "Kin Twom", not a "Kin Two". Really the only difference between them is the "loop" and "spot" software. Otherwise, they're identical. This cell phone overall is great, although has little bugs that need to be fixed. The only reason the phone might get negative reviews are because of the little things, not the phone in general. Microsoft or Verizon, should come out with an update. That would dramatically increase the popularity of the phone.This is the most advanced basic feature phone, smartphone you can get. It has WiFi, 720P HD video camera, 8MP Camera(with flash), FM Radio, Zune HD Player. This phone is stuffed with awesome features. I connected this phone without a problem. I have a data-block on my line, so it will not use any data. You can put a data-block on your line, by calling Verizon Wireless and asking for it. Or by making an a Verizon Wireless account, and change the setting online. The WiFi works great! YouTube HD videos will NOT play on the phone. Although, standard quality YouTube videos WILL play. Don't rely on watching YouTube on here. Too much videos do not play, and if they do their quality is not good. The keyboard needs getting used to, but I think I will adjust over time. Phone is a bit thick, but not too much.Now, on what "Masterdeals"-from Amazon, sent me:The phone came not in its original round Kin Twom box.It did not contain almost any of the accessories, except for the charger that didn't charge continually.(Earphones, manual, software, ORIGINAL Kin charger)-NOT IN THE BOX. Again, this is the one I specifically got from the dealer named "Masterdeals".Overall this phone is awesome for a basic feature-no-data phone! Just beware of what dealer/seller you are purchasing it from!Hope this helped!:)

The Kin Two has so many great benefits without the rediculous prices phone companies are trying to charge for data plans. It has a fantastic camera that has zoom and flash, stores lots of music and best yet, can connect FOR FREE to any wireless internet nearby. No DATA plan required! Texting is easy and touch screen is sleek and easy to use. A phone ahead of it's time! Had mine three years and am replacing it with another kin two (dropped mine one too many times in the 3 years and backlit feature died - otherwise still in PERFECT condition!) Great battery life and easy to navigate! Have yet to find a phone like it on the market!

I want to start out by saying that I am actually going to get this phone again. I started with a Blitz, and after three years, went to this. The Wi-Fi allows you to go data-planless, which is a great option. The music player is fantastic--it's basically a Zune HD. You can have music play and still text and do everything (except take pictures) at the same time.Oh, and get this--the camera? It's 8mp. Eight mega pixels--that is the equivalent of a really good smart phone. My heavy-duty SLR camera is 15mp, and my first phone was 1.3mp. Most smartphones I've seen have a 2 or 3mp camera. This one is amazing.The texts are in conversation form, which is awesome--I never once sent a text to the wrong person.The two things I hate about this phone, though, are the size and the durability. It's only 8gbs internal memory--that may seem like a lot, but this day and age, is not really a lot. I think I ended up using 6gb or so, but I still had so much I really wanted to put on it. And since since the memory's internal, you can't add more or upgrade it to get more; what you get is what you get, and you have to stick with it.The other terrible thing is its durability. I owned this phone twice, and both times, the phone only lasted 6 months before something broke and I had to replace it. I ended up getting an LG Extravert after it broke the second time since I couldn't get another TwoM for free with the warranty, but I miss my Kin. I think I'm going to go back and get the Kin again, just because I loved it, though I know it'll break again in another 6 months. But... I think it'll be worth it. It was simultaneously the best and worst phone I've ever owned.If you mostly use your phone for taking pictures and listening to music, then this is the only one to get in my opinion.

This phone was a refurbished phone. The shipping was fast and the phone looked like it was in good shape. When I got the phone connected to my provider that is when I found out the phone was a not working. Most of the keyboard was not working. The home button was not working. When the phone would go into sleep mode it would just shut off. The mic did not work so no one could hear when I callled them. Two screws were missing in the back of the phone. I had this style of phone before I replaced it with this one and it was a really good phone. I have sent the phone back and am just waiting to see how the refund goes. I just wished someone really worked on this phone before putting it up for sale.

I still use this phone, but not in the way it was intended. Read on to find out how and why.I tried this phone for a couple of months. The main features that convinced me to try this phone were the fact that it had wifi and did not require a data plan with Verizon.There are a number of issues why I stopped using this phone after a couple of months.1. Slow and klunky interface - making your way through the menus can be a bit frustrating if you want to get to something quickly.2. Soft ringer - Even with the ringer turned all the way up, it is very soft compared to most other phones. If you are in a noisy restaurant or listening to music in your car, you will not hear this thing. The vibrate function is weak too, which doesn't help with that.3. Calendar app is terrible - I like to use the calendar app to keep track of appointments, and the app on this phone is designed poorly. I literally have to make 9 finger taps before I can view an appointment on the calendar. Ridiculously inconvenient.4. No apps or support - since this phone is discontinued there are no apps or support. What you get on the phone is what you get, and that's it.Overall, this device is terrible as a phone. However, it does have other features that make it useful. The feature that I actually like about this phone is the built in Zune player. I actually still use this device as my media player in my car. I download all sorts of podcasts and music from the Zune marketplace and listen to them in my car or wherever. So, if your looking for a very cheap way to get a Zune player, buy this phone and just use the Zune player that is built in.

This phone is the greatest flop on the phone market! I give it 5 stars at successfully being the worst phone ever.

The phone displayed all the features but when you called out no one could hear you.  It text ed fine but the phone calls were not able to be heard at all when you called out.

I really do love this phone. It was the best one I ever had for a no data pack phone, but the microphone broke on it and I could not find a solution anywhere. It is really too bad.

First off I have to give props to the speedy 3 days it took to get this item, very nice job! Amazon has never let me down with their shipping.Second This phone is refurbished, so I did expect a few scratches. But surprisingly there's only buffmarks! No problems so far. I hear tons of hate toward this phone, but I have to say. Nothing has made me dislike the Kin yet. Way better than the Samsung Intensity.Thirdly, One of the best feature phones Verizon has anymore. All of the in store ones are cheap and poorly made. How is there no video recording on basic phones anymore. Doesn't make sense, so I bought the kin two :D.Fourth, haven't figured out the WiFi yet but I loaded a page in 3g and it was Surprisingly fast! I was impressed!Overall I think people can do the least and try the phone for the Amazon's 14 day money back guarantee. And if you have the Samsung Intensity, I highly recommend you get this phone now! It's not only durable but slick professional looking. And just because it says Microsoft on it doesn't mean it's a HORRIBLE WINDOWS PHONE.Lastly, if you have any questions regarding my experience with the Kin two, contact me.===================================Cons: No on-screen keyboard (not a big problem though)

Keeps shutting off when it was needed the most, so had to replace it with another company's phone.  Had liked the querty board as well as the screen size, Just wasn't reliable.

I bought the phone for my daughters birthday (she ordered it) I didn't give it to her until yesterday (her birthday) 6/14 and she can not talk on it she can only get text through, as a mom, I AM NOT HAPPY, I don't always want to take time to text my daughter or read hers.  She loves the phone and don't care because she don't talk much but I want that option!  What do I do now?It is a Verizon Sharp Kin Two II Owerty 3G Tiuch No Contract Microsoft Cell Phone

There's something to be said for basic phones nowadays. My last phone upgrade was in 2011 and since I didn't want to pay for data, I just got the cheapest thing available at the time...which was slow and spammed me. Verizon couldn't get rid of the spam so I dealt with it for a little over a year, and then I thought I'd just get my own online. There are definitely a lot of bad KIN reviews out there, but for someone who likes to text and take high quality pictures, this phone hit the spot. I do miss the calculator and notepad option, but that's why there are calculators and paper! I'm so much less stressed now that I have this phone. I hate that cell phone companies are trying to get rid of basic phones, especially in this economy. I'll stay with this phone as long as I can! :)

When we originally bought this phone at Verizon it seemed like a great phone.  The camera was good and it had a nice keyboard.  The other plus was being able to use WIFI and not be required to purchase a data plan.  Within about 60 days the phone that belonged to my teen daughter stopped working.  Apparently, there is some issue that comes up with the keyboard and you can't really use it anymore.  We got a replacement.  Unfortunately, Verizon sent a replacement that required data.  That is one thing that you do have to watch, because this was originally a data phone that didn't go over too well as a data phone.  Verizon replaced the phone and it lasted for about 7 months.  The screen shut down and you couldn't see anything.  Being a nice mom I offered to give her mine and I purchased an inexepensive non-data phone.  She did text a lot, but I thought that the phone would last a little longer than 6 months.  Unfortunately, a similar thing happened again.  The screen stopped working.  Another KIN2 dead.  This time we replaced for a smartphone that was pre-android.  I would have loved for her to be able to use the KIN2 till the end of our contract.  We ended up having to pay for data on a phone that was terrible.  Long story short.... 3 KINS in about 15 months.  My husband also HAD a KIN2.  His just died out of the blue right after the 2 year mark.  The phone is ok, but don't expect it to last very long.  When it goes you probably won't see it coming.  It happens quickly.

I have had this phone for a while now, and I gotta say it's the best phone I have ever owned. The keyboard it amazing, and is backlit really nicely, which makes texting when it's dark not so hard on your eyes. Also I really like the software that runs this phone. It is a little weird at first, but it's really great how you can change the color of the theme. Next, I DID NOT have to pay for a data plan on this phone; I only use the wifi, which works perfectly.The best feature of this phone is the music part. The Kin two runs Zune, which if you don't know is basically just a media player, but in my opinion is way better than iTunes. When you get the phone, you just plug it in to your computer and from there it is extremely easy to set up an account and put songs on to your phone. This phone does not take a micro SD card (which I found was a little disappointing at first) but it does have 8 gigabytes of internal memory, and I have not gotten even remotely close to filling all of it (even with 350 songs and lots of photos and videos).Another feature that mimics a smart phone is the camera. Just like most smart phones, this particular phone has an 8 megapixel camera that takes really nice pictures, and has an impressively nice video. On the theme of emulating a smart phone, the Kin also has a sleep (or lock) button on the top right corner on the edge of the device, which is a great feature.For the money, this is, by a landslide, the best phone I have ever owned (and I have owned about 5 phones). Everything is really easy to use, the display is awesome, the music software is sweet, the camera has amazing resolution, it does 3G AND/OR wifi, and the keyboard is kick a**.The only downfall I have noticed, not even about the phone, is that if you like to put cases on your phones, I would not recommend putting one on this one because to begin with this phone is mildly fat. The case that I bought ended up being very thick by itself, and when I put it on, the entire phone was huge. I would recommend just buying a screen protector, because their about a buck and a half on Amazon.*NOTE: This confused me at fist to: if you cover the light sensor (top right hand corner of the device) and then try to turn it on, the device WILL NOT turn on. This is so it doesn't turn on in your pocket. If you try to turn it on, and it doesn't work the first time, don't think that it's a defect, because you are probably just holding the light sensor.

Your feeling and user experience with the Microsoft Kin 2 will depend entirely on what you expect it to be.If you are looking for a basic cell phone (non-smart) you'll be pleasantly surprised.The Kin 2 has a 8 meg-pix cam, plays music, FM radio and video very well (with the nice black and sharp white of the old Zune interface) and offers some extra features not typically found on a non-smart phone.If you're looking for a smart phone, you'll be disappointed.Kin 2 has no downloadable or up-gradable apps, no games, and the web browsing and other "smart" features are limited and compromised.So, what are you looking for?I wanted a basic cell phone, and I've been happy with the experience.

this is THE worst phone i have ever had and I've had flip phones before. it looked nice when i bought it but then i started getting into it. the browser is blurry and sloppy, i cant put any music on it so i just had to listed to it's terrible radio,the Facebook thing is not even on here anymore,and the keypad felt like it was going to break with the slight touch... don't waste your money on this trust me, there are a lot better phones on Amazon.

Had this phone before, pretty good phone if you don't want to have a data package. You can still connect to wifi on it. Love that feature.

I purchased this phone because all the reviews state that you dont need a data plan.  I went to activate the phone and was told by verizon that I need a data plan.  Just wanted to let other consumers know to call verizon before you purchase this phone.

We're really enjoying the Kin. Way ahead of it's time! Touch screen, slider, 8mp camera, built in radio, mp3 player, takes and plays video! And...it's a phone! Without the data charges!

Do not get this phone.  It is such a shift from the basic functioning of any other phone.  You will more likely regret purchasing it!

I hated this thing to be completely blunt. Not my best purchase and I'm so thankful that I was able to return it. Never again will I get a Micorsoft phone. Absolute s***.

The phone I received must have been dropped a couple of times. The screen tends to freeze a lot which makes me have to restart it all the time. Rather annoying wish I would of known that the phone had faulty functionality.

I am completely in love with this phone. It works amazing and i'm very impressed with it. The only issue I don't like is that there is no charger cover, so you have to be careful when you have your phone around water. Otherwise I really love this phone! I really really really reccomend this phone!

I had this phone for almost 2 years, but within those 2 years it had to be changed 4 times because it would mess up constantly. I would literally have it in my hand and the screen would go black, it would still be on but the screen went dark twice. Another time the screen popped off, and the last one would turn on and off by itself. I initially got it for all the features it said to have had, the wifi, the music, and all that other good stuff. Boy was I wrong. I tried to use the wifi and when the bill came for over $1000 that's when I found out that all the features had been discontinued. Usually for Verizon phones you have the option to back up your phone numbers, not for this phone every time I had a replacement one I had to put each contact in one by one. So annoying. But it does have an amazing camera. that's about the only good thing of this phone.

With this phone you do NOT need the Verizon Data package, it has wifi and 3G, so you can connect to the internet anywhere you have free wifi, without dishing out an extra $30.00 a month!! I love it! Fast searching and web, email too! Facebook mobile etc. I have only one complaint, the ringer is not loud enough. Verizon will tell you, you need the data package, but it's just a ploy, it's not true, unless they just changed it because I wrote this LOL!

When I first got this phone two years ago, I was satisfied. About six months in, all of a sudden the screen just crashed and went completely blank, I lost all my contacts and everything. Seeing that it just happened once, I replaced it with another Kin II, then after a month, the battery kept dying very quickly, I would make a call once and then it would die within the hour. I called and replaced the battery, however the problem did not go away. Yesterday, the same thing happened to my screen, I was lucky enough to be able to write my contacts down if I put the phone on the table and very lightly scrolled. Everything seemed to be wrong with this phone. While it was working I was a decent phone for texting and calling, the Wi-Fi that I came with however used to work but now it doesn't connect for some reason. The camera is just about the only thing really good about the phone, great quality 8 megapixels. If you're thinking about getting this phone, I say you should just save yourself the time and choose otherwise.

its the best phone I've ever owned.the touch screen is nice, 8mp 8gb 3.4 in touch screen.really nice phone.

fast shipping it came in 2 days before the estimated arrival day, came in great condition but the box was busted up and cracked and the package was ripped, the phone was in really good condition though, they should charge it before though because im still waiting to fully charge mine, which takes about 3 hours

The phone came in the time requested but I found out the phone had been disconnected and what information that came with the phone was longer available, such as web site and no backup was no longer availabe.

I own this Kin Two phone because it is 8 mega pixel camera (try that with your lame Iphone) and FREE WI FI!!! How awesome is that?!I don't know if you can download APPs other than from the Verizon store online. (I think it's possible... I think a customer service rep tried to convince me of that... as if it was important to me?)FREE WI FI8 Mega Pixel CameraNO MEMORY CARD but 8G, so it's pretty nice. AND a USB cord to share your microsoft windows.-typical low battery life of "smart phones".Mine lasts a few hours, not a few days. This could be a manufacture error. I am not sure. ?+My Favorite: this has one of the highest quality affordable Mega pixel cameras that I can find on the market! you go ahead and search) 5 Megapixels is nothing to scoff at ! Iphone does not have 8 mega pixels! This thing is amazing! This has free wi fi (where the bubble is available in the coffe shop or library, etc). FREE RADIO function available using your headphones as metal antenna. THis radio function is available in Airplane mode (it is NOT online!) . Pause LIVE RADIO! How wonderful is that? This is a super fun little email device! AND, if you get tired of email AND internet surfing, AND * * * ZUNE * * * MP3 music or streaming, one can actually use this for Text or PHONE! Yes, that's right! It's a PHONE too! How wonderful!!!This phone is similar to Kin One but it is missing the clip where you could put a lanyard. This would be neat for the Zune function. I guess you could drill or melt a hole in the plastic battery cover, the clip is there, but not in the cover? so odd.It has some quirks.But it has...FREE WI FI!It is called the "dumbest smart phone". I am not even sure it is a smart phone at all. But I do like the camera feature! !!! No third party APPs. avail. There is no SD memory card. However, you can attach the USB direct to your computer to download and share Windows viruses back and forth. try Linux OS.maybe someone can jail break the software on this phone. I get tired of looking at strangers' faces each time it lights up (which does take a really long time, . This is my first smart phone so what do I know?) I've used my friend's Iphone and I'm not impressed with Iphones.I think I'm going back to my old feature phone.Too bad, this thing texts very quickly with the pull out keyboard. I like the feel of the little bubble letters. Cute! Is there _ button?+FREE WI FI  no  need to buy data plan. if you sit in a coffee house or University library all day, or pay for wi fi at your home.+This phone works for me!+Even if you use the thrifty Pay-as-you-go plan, at the lowest possible denomination, $15 per month, if you talk every other day , $1 on days when phone is active , a person can talk ALL DAY ::: free Verizon to Verizon for $1! ALL DAY! This price can not be beat! Cute little text was only ten cents and does not activate the $1 per day fee! So, $15 is ... 150* text messages! I think that should be plenty sufficient, but I don't have a teenager in my house yet, either! ; ).25 for picture messages... with this retro beautiful streamlined bubble shape phone, I imagine there will be lots of awesome photos to share with family and friends!-/+ GPS locator,yes-/+ PS. I was told there was no calendar (?! are they serious? and no alarm clock on the old old style , but now there is an APP, so no worries!! The Kin cloud data media online website is closed. Shrugs. I don't get it. One can still access all the important social media websites via web browser, which... by the way...Did I mention?+FREE WI FI !+FREE!+Wi Fi!-(due to the closing of Kin website) Who wants a geo locator tag on the photos anyway? that's uber creepy! Loop/spot thingie, There is no more silly "podcast" style updates either. but I get that on my work station. I don't need that extraneous clutter function. I get that on National Public Radio every hour on the way home from work. I can not fathom how verizon could upgrade Kin One with Kin Two? wow.... I must look into this further! I've been watching this phone since it's debut!! This is incredible!!!!! Look no further! This is the phone data messaging device for you!++Have you seen how SUPER CUTE this device is?! It's just priceless design! wow! I highly recommend for every young adult teen, twenty,29 yrs who values individuality! Many, many , many cases available to express yourself! much art! WOW! I'm so excited! I love my phone! Are we sure this is a phone? It's so much more than that! MP3, web, streaming, email, wow, wow, oh wow, spectacular!+ * * * Zune * * * music, this device arrives with a free one month trial stream access to 6 million songs (I searched, Zune selections include obscure songs, Ever heard of "Shonen Knife" happy Japanese Punk Pop group? Available on Zune, just like in my local coffee shop!: OStream songs, keep ten songs per month, for only $14.99 per month after the free month.- ** PS ** This phone does NOT arrive with any games. I don't know if there is an APP for that or not? THIS IS NOT MUCH OF A SMART PHONE, if you wish for that, please look elsewhere, I'm so very sorry: this is why it only has 4 stars. I don't care for games or APPS. It needed to be said. I'm sorry.+I love the features on this device! it is so much more than "just a phone"!I'm currently experiencing a glich getting photos to email to myself?  but it was only temporary glich!!! FB is BEAUTIFUL with PHOTOS. This is not the "Simple version" of FB viewing here. This is full web browsing!!!!! ! Getting the photos off the device is a bit of a challenge. I had to email it to my computer? there may be an easier way. I think the glich was with Hotmail/yahoo or whatever. but it's OK for today.

We have purchased several of these phones because we are on a 2 yr. plan and although it has great features, the phone only lasts for about 6 months. What's great about this phone is that you don't need a data plan. Why do we keep buying it? Because it's the only phone that you don't need a data plan for and even though we spend $75-100 every six months to buy a new phone, it's cheaper than a data plan.

Best non-smart phone out there with smart phone like features.  Like many people I don't want to pay for a data plan, but I'd like to still be able to browse a little and check my email and such every once in awhile and the KIN can do that through wifi.  I just despise the carriers forcing a person to have a data plan if they want a smartphone, as you know darn well every smart phone has wifi built into them and they'd work just fine for talking and text and the use of the 'smart' features when in the range of wifi, but of course if they allowed that they wouldn't make as much money, and thats what it all comes down to.  Fortunately there's this phone... its a little older but still works for the above, but unfortunately doesn't have some of the cool abilities like apps and its a little slower, but again its still going to be better than any non-smart phone you can find or even get new.  Plus it has a great camera and you can still text the pictures you take with it.  And its great for email, it works with most any of the major email services out there such as AOL, Gmail, Yahoo, and hotmail, just enter your user name and password and off you go.  It even works with POP3 and IMAP email accounts.  It also does MS Exchange, but you need a data plan for that so if you're gonna' go with a dataplan you might as well get an actual smart phone.  The KIN was a breeze to activate through Verizon (the only carrier I believe it'll work with, as when you turn it on it displays the Verizon logo so keep that in mind) and like many have suggested, make sure you put a data block on the line or you'll be getting a lot of surprise charges.  Hope my review helps you make a decision and if nothing else, use it for a couple of months and if you don't like it, it will have paid for itself in the money you saved not having a data plan.  And since you don't need to do a 2 year contract if you do change your mind you can always go that route and get a smartphone, so you really can't lose.

It had so much potential to be the best (basic) phone I ever had. Touchscreen, wifi, no data plan, lots of features (including a fairly good camera). But then the speaker randomly stopped working. As this phone is no longer being made, I don't recommend it to anyone.

I have owned this piece of junk for 2 years.  The more I use it, the more I hate it.I wonder how Microsoft would let this product out the door.  The entire product management team should let go without second thought.I am so glad that it is time to get rid of this junk.

This phone would be perfect if it had a calendar.  This phone has a GREAT camera (better than ANY other phone), it is wifi ready so you don't have to carry an expensive data plan AND calls are clear and easy to hear.  I know it was designed as a social media feature phone but I don't use it that way.  I am a mom of three and am constantly taking photos of my kids when we're out and about so it's nice not to have to carry a phone and a camera.  I save tons of money by not having a data plan.  it is a drawback that it's not supported by any carrier in the event something goes wrong with the phone.  This is the third one I have owned in 4 years.  The first one got wet (my own fault) and the second one got caught in a reboot loop.  I prefer the Kin Twom over this phone but, it's good enough for now.

Bought this phone for my friend, and just like the first one it died about 3-4 months later. They never seem to last.

First and foremost I really like this phone!  It has excellent call quality and has a fantastic camera with 720p HD video!  The keyboard is awesome, the buttons are spaced apart so for a guy like me with bigger thumbs it is much easier to text compared to phones I have had in the past.  I love that I can still utilize WI FI and do not need a data plan, so it saves me $30/month.  The screen is a good size, and it only took me a few minutes to figure out how to navigate all of the menus.  There is no slot for an SD card, but the phone has 8gb of internal memory, which to me is more than enough.  The music player is just like having a Zune, which is actually pretty awesome, and you can listen to FM radio.With all of that being said there are a few smaller issues that keep me from giving this phone 5 stars.  First is the fact that this phone wants to connect to the Kin network (which no longer exists) and every time I restart my phone it has to try and connect then explain that it cannot connect.  Not a major thing just a minor inconvenience.  Second is the Camera button, The camera itself is 8mp which is excellent but the button is in such a place that it is a bit tricky to press, plus the button doesn't give you a feeling that you press it down all the way, so taking a self portrait is a bit tricky as well.  Then there is the bluetooth, every once in a while it is very sluggish with connecting with my headset.  I strongly believe that it is the phone and not my headset because this has never happened before.  One time I actually had to re-pair the 2 before it would connect.  Lastly is the ringtones... There is a list of ringtones that looks pretty long, but all of them sound like the same 3 tones with slight changes to them.Again all of these are pretty minor things to me, and I really do enjoy this phone, but for some this could be a bigger issue.

I recently had to cancel my data package so I set out to look for a basic phone. I found this phone, ordered it, and now I love it. Texting is a breeze, the buttons aren't to small and are evenly spaced. It also has a great back light so it's easy to see while texting in the dark. It has a 8 megapixel camera which is not bad for a phone like this. By far my favorite feature is the wifi. Contrary to multiple articles while searching online, you do NOT need a data plan. It's not a smart phone, but it certainly gets the job done.

This phone is now very useless due to the fact that Microsoft shut down all services related to this phone. Plus, it never charged correctly and always had issues.

I received this item in early August. After only 3 months and with no damage to the phone by me, it stopped working. I went to bed, sent my last text, and woke up to a dead phone. Thinking it was the battery, I ordered a new one. Well that wasn't the problem. I am now forced to return it after the 30 day return policy. We'll see how the vendor handles it.

It was alright at first but then the screen started giving out when you opened it, soon enough the screen wouldnt light up at all.

I've been using this phone since August 2012.  I use it for texting, pictures, some email (Wifi only) and as a regular phone.  Many of the original features were disabled because the Kin network doesn't exist anymore.  The touch screen is very touchy and sometimes refuses to respond.  Periodically, I have to reboot because I can't get to the screen that I use to access my phone.  So far I've resisted breaking the thing in half.  I do like the qwerty keyboard and the messaging (texting) and the camera is OK, too.  Contact storage is good, but, again, sometimes it is hard to access the right person's info because the screen responds differently depending on temperature and other unknown variables.  I think after my Verizon contract runs it's course, I will get a real touch phone and will have few problems adapting.

I ordered a refurbished Kin Two. The first phone sent to me didn't work, and every crevice was filled with dirt. I immediately exchanged it for another phone, and that phone worked for about a month and a half until the charger exploded. I would not recommend purchasing this phone.

I just got my phone today and so far it works perfectly! Since it was refurb. I assumed it would have some scuffs on it, but it's actually flawless! Love it! Will def. buy through MasterDeals again!

I refuse to recommend this phone to anyone, after 3 days had to get another phone not only is the software to this phone obosolete,the warranty of a 5 day return and to charge a restock fee is even more ridiculous on top of that you can search on this phone yes to use thing's that you want daily this phone is not even worth that, this phone I am now stuck with it will sit in the draw for a back up and haven't even had it connected to my cell line 12 days such a shame the zune pass and all is out of it and you can not connect it to the windows live end of the phone either even the phone company could not get it to go

I originally had the pantech hotshot (worst phone ever!!!!) and it sucked. my friend had this but upgraded. she gave it to me because she knew i was in need of a new phone and it worked out great. I love the keyboard. you get plenty of space and they are raised. a small problem is that the space bar is very thin and takes some getting used to but but other wise is great. i want a smart phone but m dad wont let me because its too expensive and i dont blame him. 40 dollars is a lot for one person. thanks verizon. oh by the way this is the daughter of this account holder. you should know that this phone and its smaller self used to be smartphones but microsoft took them off the market and reintroduced them as basic phone. now that doesnt happen every day!. but it still has those smartphone features like wi-fi. so even if you dont have a data plan you can use the wifi on email and web. what confuses me is that my phone is a different version than is what showed online because the one i have is not connected to facebook, twitter ect. oh well. i am lucky to have this phone. lemme get to the pros and consPros- great keyboard, iphone like appearence, threaded text messanging, loud ringer and good vibrating, wifi, pretty good battery. depends on how used, screen lock, mp3 player that works wel. downoad a kin transfer app. google it! it works even with itunes, 8 mega pixel cameraCons- cant downlode apps and no app store, no notes app, only can turn on silent when unlocked, unresponsive sometimes if not used for a whileHelpful Hints READ!!!!!!!!!- MAKE SURE WHEN U CHARGE THE WHOLE BLUE BATTERY IS FILLED UP. EVEN THE LITTLE CORNER OF THE BATTERY! use the kin transfer app!!!!!! works really well. DO NOT LEAVE OUT IN COLD FOR EXTENDED PERIOD OF TIME. this happend to me when i left my phone in the car and my touch screen wouldnt work. just power it down ( hold down the power button on the top right corner until it shuts off. then warm it up. it should work then! hope those helped!-Emma

When I first got this phone, I thought I really really liked it. I looked at the reviews and people said it was a horrible phone, but I didn't listen to them. I got it anyway and I HIGHLY regret it. This phone has cool features, but that's IT. People who made this phone spent more time working on features then actually getting it to work. I had to order 2 of these phones, and after the second phone stopped working, I quit buying more of these phones and went back to my BLITZ which worked 100 times better than this phone even though it was 5 years old. Do not get the Kin Two. You might like it at the beginning, but I promise you that in the end, you will regret ever getting this phone.

In the first month of owning this phone I probably would have given it 4.5 stars.  Maybe even 5.  But owning 2 of these phones (more on that later) has been a seriously infuriating experience.  I'm giving it 2 stars because when it functions properly it's really very usable and has some nice features.  So ignoring, for now, the absurd malfunctions that plague the kin, here are the pros and cons of its working features:Pros:- great for texting. nice keyboard, easy to use even for someone like me who has very large thumbs.- great camera, great video.- nice looking user interface- very light, easy to use, etcCons:- NO CONTACT TRANSFER. this is a serious issue, if you lose your phone or it becomes non functional (like both my kins have now) you are out of luck for getting your contacts.- very easy for it to be turned off silent in your pocket.  All it takes is for the up volume button (which is on the outside of the case) to be pressed a couple times and it won't be on vibrate anymore.  I've had it go off in a few unfortunate situations because I had spare change or something in my pocket and it bumped the volume button.- wifi is iffy.  It'll work on some networks but not a lot of them- email client is very slow and buggy.  takes ages to syncNow for the really annoying issues.  I'm on my second Kin now because the first stopped working.  The screen starting doing this thing where sometimes it would just go black and stay that way when I tried to open the phone.  It was still on because I could see the backlight come on and hear the phone's noises, but the screen would just stay black.  I'd have to take out the battery and put it back in to make it come on again.  Finally it got to the point where the screen wouldn't work at all.  So I finally got a new one, tried to get my contacts transferred but verizon said the problem with the phone wouldn't let them transfer contacts.I figured it was just a fluke, but as of a week ago (after having the 2nd phone for about 6 months) I'm having the EXACT same problem.  and I had another problem with the replacement phone; for a while it was just randomly turning off in my pocket and I couldn't figure out why.  Apparently the battery is too small for the battery case... so to fix that I have to stick a folded sheet of paper in the battery case so the battery touches the contacts at all times.Both of these issues are things that a lot of other people seem to be having (judging from the number of google results that turn if you search it.So bottom line is, this phone will probably well for about 6 months and then everything will go down hill.  I highly suggest getting a different phone.

This phone is like a beta phone.  It needs a few small tweaks to make this a really good texting phone.  It's an orphan phone and it won't happen.  The screen is good.  The keyboard is ok to good.  The wifi is very good.  You can't import the address book.  (Worst issue)I still really like the phone.

This phone is by far the worst cell phone I've ever owned.The touch screen rarely works and when it does it flashes off every time you enter a key.Then you have to wait for it to make up it's mind if it wants to accept another entry or not.The menus are endless and usually dead-end where you don't want to be.It's going in the trash.

I had this for a month. And it broke so fast. It had horrible service, froze a lot and scratched easily. I will never buy this phone again

Nice phone work perfectly the only think is the Verizon and Microsoft don't support this phone any more they discontinued the phone and you can't connect to kin service to update the phone software any more but work nice to text and talk the pic looks great Nice phone and good price.
