
I received the phone and it was broken. It would not charge and the people that sent it to me would not do anything to help. Waste of money. Never buying from this group again!!!

Taking time to learn to use my phone that is smarter than I am.  I discover new ways to use it every day!

No I don't like it. It keeps shutting down by itself. I want to know how can I get a replacement

I cannot say how much I LOVE this phone, it is fast,and with the mini sd card,has a big capacity for any app I want...LOVE this phone- great seller, great price! I debated between this,and the Motorola Droid3....(I wanted a 3g phone) The droid is ok, but this Phone has a WAY better camera,and much better processing speed than Droid3.

I've had this phone for a year and a half. Overall, it worked ok; I would encounter massive slowdowns occasionally which require a restart of the phone. Restarting the phone takes about 5 minutes.In addition, I have had an issue where some system apps would delete themselves, making the phone useless. This required the phone to be brought back to factory settings.Lastly, after 1.5 years of using this phone, the usb port on the phone has worn down, making it impossible to charge. After doing some research online, this is a common issue.

I bought this phone to replace one just like it.  Both phones have had problems with the start button on the top right sticking.  On the first phone, I just assumed it was a fluke, but it looks like it could be a common problem among this brand.  When the button sticks, it is nearly impossible to unstick it and therefore, it is unable to be turned on/off or for the screen to be accessible once the back light turns off.  To fix it, I would have to remove the battery, restart and turn the back light on at all times, which drained the battery within a few hours.Other than that, it is a great phone.

It has been put to the test and has worked great. I have had no complaints. It is a new phone like they said.

This is a great little phones with no issues that have come to light since I have had it. I have had it about 2 monthes now and it works great.  Works with my PagePlus Service.

I started out with a droid Incredible then upgraded to a droid Incredible 2. I love this phone. I take a LOT of photos and it has great pic quality. Of course the back facing camera is better, and low light settings don't have as good quality. I have had the phone for 13 months now and it has worked great. The only time I have any problems with it is if it is dropped. My nephew loves dropping things, so it does get dropped more than usual. That usually requires a reset by pulling the battery out. But it is very durable. I have just a jelly type case on it and it has no cracks at all, even after being dropped countless times. I do wish the speaker was louder, if I am in a large room, I can barely hear my music playing.But all in all, this is a GREAT phone. I would (and do) recommend this phone to my friends.

Item works great. Arrived in a timely fahison as well. SD card randomly says it was removed. But its a 3 year old phone.

The screen itself arrived slightly popped out, and dust and dirt have been collecting underneath the screen. Impossible to clean out, and not something you can just fix.

This phone has so much power but is underutilized.  Verizon has not put out a software update for this phone for years, so it's still using Android 2.2 and will probably never get an upgrade.  The battery life is atrocious.  it will last for 2 hours on standby before needing a charge.

Very happy with out new HTC Droid Incredible 2.  Bought it for my wife who is new to smart technology, but she loves it.  Received it on time and in good condition.  Very happy with the results.

Had to order the product twice.  The first time I ordered, part of the touch screen did not work.  The dealer was really great about exchanging it and reimbursing me for the shipping costs.  I received my replacement item just a few days later.  The phone looked great and operated great for about a month.  Just after my 30-day warrantee (offered by the dealer), the phone would not hold a charge.  I replaced the battery twice and it still would not hold a charge.  I eventually took it to a Verizon store and they diagnosed the problem with a broken charging port.  Unfortunately it isn't worth replacing the charging port.All that being said, the product worked for about a month.  Now it is a piece of technology that will not turn on...

This phone is the worst phone ever with signal I changed over to this phone from a LG Alley Bad mistake! I wasted $ 149.00  on this phone and cannot return it! I will be going back to my Alley. Don't buy this phone unless you wan't one with bad signal strength. if you are looking for a good cheap smart phone. I would highly suggest getting the LG Alley.

This is the third Droid Incredible 2 that I've had. And the exact same problem is happening again! The camera screen turns black and will not let me take a picture. It's like it's frozen black. And a while after that happens, the charger port will go out. I figured before, it was probably the fact that I dropped my phone a lot. But I've taken really food care of this one and it's doing the exact same thing. I do not recommend this phone at all. The only reason I keep purchasing the same phone is because when it messes up, Verizon allows me to pay only $100 for a new phone. But this will be my last one. It's not worth is. I've spent $300 in nothing but replacement phones.

We got the phone faster than they anticipated. I is in near perfect condition, better than they described. It works great except the battery was shot - not unexpected for a phone this old. VERY HAPPY!!

We bought this phone new. Had it about 5 months and it wont charge a battery. Tried different outlets and chargers and it will not charge.

I purchased this phone to use with Page Plus.  Works like a dream.  I have had no issues and for being used.  The battery is still good which i was worried about.  Would buy again

From day one, the headphone jack has been defective.  It is  so loose and so touchy I am unable to use head phones or desk speakers with the phone.  If I turn the volume control on the side of the phone up to the 3/4 mark, the audio is scratchy and unusable.  Also when on speaker phone, the audio is so weak it is difficult to hear people talking to me.Also, the phone freezes up when I try to use my Live365 app for androids on it.  My other phones had no problem with the app.  I have had the phone for about a week and am going to get another model of Droid phone.  This one is junk.  If everything was operating 100% I am guessing this would be a good phone.

the phone and it had more scratches and dents than descibed. it wasnt the phone i wanted  or wasn't looking for

SD card doesn't work holds no memory doesn't even allow sim card to work very dissatisfied. Not what I expected

I had this phone less than a month and the screen stopped working in certain places. I know can only speak my text messages and can't make phone calls.

Great phone, I'd had it when I worked for big red and loved it. I now use straight talk which gives me the freedom to use any device regardless of carrier and use that carrier's network and I had no problem using this phone on straight talk. There was a down side however...the radio in this device was malfunctioning and could not hold a signal, unfortunately the vendor did not have anymore available to I had to hop over to wally world and buy a Galaxy SII and pop in an AT&T sim.

Love the HTC Droid Incredible 2, This is my first Smart Phone and I love it. Battery seems to draw down Fast, Then I learned how to turn off some of the apps when not in use, and that has made battery life longer. Wonder if there is a EXTENDED Life Battery available for this Phone?

So far, so good.  I like using my phone.  It's a great size and &#34;feel&#34; in my hand.  It works great.

Product was in great condition and a good price too. Only one Hiccup in turning the product on but nothing serious! Good stuff all in all!

i ordered this phone because i love htc phones....pulled it out of the box and it looked flawless!!! powered it up and all seemed well but i quickly noticed i couldnt bring the notification bar down!! within days the digitizer failed and the phone was useless....not to mention the charging/data port was faulty also...it charged but thats it couldnt get it to connect to my computer...so all in all i suppose maybe i just got a bad phone but i for one will not be buying from this company again!

Had phone for about one week and it stopped charging it can&#8217;t even tell the charger is connected. Do not buy this phone waist of money.

Got this to active with page plus for my husband; since I have the incredible and enjoy it. Well the battery wouldn't last him for 3 hours even if he wasn't using it. Now I know most smart phone batteries aren't great but this was obscene! I checked the processes running and there were 15 going at all times; even with Wi-Fi turned off it was dead by his first break at work. Maybe we just got a bad one...I doubt it though.

I haven't had any problems yet out of this phone, excepting some sort of issue with the SD card.  My phone didn't come with the SIM card however which I could have sworn it was supposed to.  I haven't yet seen about finding out to rectify that problem although that is one of the reasons why I bought the phone because I do travel.  Sometimes, I do have a problem seeing the screen in bright sunlight and it can run its battery down fairly fast but outside of that -- this phone is one of the best I've bought and its my first smartphone.  For me, since its my first smartphone, there was a bit of a learning curve and I think that I really only use about 2% of the phone's capability but I definitely use more of those smart capabilities than I did at first!  I can hear my callers very well, it takes excellent pictures -- too many extra apps on it that I don't use -- and the touchscreen keyboard is very good.  Its not a giant phone but just right, I could fit it comfortably in my pocket before I put the Otterbox case on it.  No complaints yet about this phone!

I'm an Android person and love the HTC Droid Incredible 2. This is my 3rd Incredible 2 and I will hate to have to change phones when it is not longer available!

replacement for phone so i could really have chosen another brand and type but went with the HTC Incredibel 2.

So many problems with that phone! I am giving up on htc.. second phone like this one that will simply not charge... charge light comes on but not really charging, have tried different chargers, batteries and still nothing :-(

I was very happy with it when I recieved it everything worked great! This seller also did a great job packaging due to me being in Afghanistan my product got to me safe and sound.

This is a very good phone, I ordered it for my son and he loves it. He can download all the apps and ringtones he likes. good quality and price.

This was sold as a supposedly new phone but I doubt it.  The packaging was tampered with and some of the accessories like the charger were not stock.  Also, the lower part of the screen doesn't work well and everyone complains that the microphone doesn't work well - hard to hear what I am saying.  So, I am pretty sure this is a refurbished handset.When I complained to the seller they offered to replace it for free and begged not to leave bad feedback.  But I decided I couldn't be without a phone for a week while I waited for another one to arrive so I am just living with this partially functional phone until I get fed up and buy a new one.

love it just like my old one. Clean face and back. Would buy again if I need it. Told my friends and family

This phone is terrible. I bought it and it acted fine for about six months. Then it slowed down, wouldn't hold a charge, and keeps dying. I currently have two batteries that I have to charge separately until I can upgrade. Just get an iPhone. They work so much better, and you don't have to put up with all this......

The first year or so I had this phone, it was fine. As soon as one year passed though, it became s***! I am on my 8th replacement.Yes, that's right. EIGHTH.All for the same issue---the charging port. It randomly comes loose causing the phone to not charge anymore. The most recent incident of this happening is tonight.On top of that, I often lose the entire mobile network for hours at a time, even though there is literally a Verizon cell tower 1/4 of a mile behind my house!The brightness display changes itself. The ringtones revert back to default, by themselves. This is seriously the s***tiest phone I've ever owned. I'm so absolutely disgusted with this whole thing that I'm contemplating not even bothering to call Verizon for yet another replacement.

had a bit of a problem but they had no problem solving my solution this seller is the best I've bought from must buy from him

Very nice phone. Works well. It is very fast and it has an excellent camera. I have no complaints at all.

I replaced my old HTC Incredible with newer version, loved my old phone. Only thing I would change is size, liked size of old one.

The phone was purchase in May and it is not holding a charge. Not sure what is causing it. Very big pain

phones speaker barely worked,couldnt recieve txts.just a mess!so dissapointed!!!on and port to charge is bad also!!!!!!only took a charge 40 percent of time!

Came with everything, battery, sim card, person I bought it from didn't reset the phone! But I did as soon as I received it in great shape. Fast shipping!

I placed an order for the HTC Droid Incredible 2, as was advertised and pictured, Instead I receive a old Droid Incredible with a Blackberry charger. I am furious. This seems to be a scam on a large scale.

My parents got this phone for me and my brother when we updated our account with Verizon.  Between the two of us we have returned the phone to Verizon 5 times in one year for a number of different reasons.  The charging port has known issues where it will fall inside the device and will not charge.  One phone would not install apps from the App Store.  I do like the Android OS but overall Stay away from this phone!

This cell phone was expensive.  It broke after 7 months of gentle use.  The warranty is only for 90 days, so now I have to purchase another cell phone.  I would NOT recommend purchasing this item.

Great cell phone but had to return it because it was not unlock.  If I could find the same model again in a unlock cell I would purchase again.

I aleady own an HTC Incredible 2 and knew they are great phones.  My wife had a Droid 4 and the battery was so bad that she had to keep charging it multiple times per day.  Unfortunately she's not due for an upgrade for another eight months (thanks Verizon).  I purchased this phone hoping that it would be in good enough condition to get her through the next eight months.  The phone was in great condition and it works fine, just as it was advertised.  My wife and I are both very happy with this phone and would certainly purchase from this seller again.

This product was received in &#34;good&#34; condition. It was received really new, but there were some noise on back lid, but I fixed. The rest  point of condition is okay. The product was not unlocked in GSM standard, also in CDMA, so you need a little &#34;effort&#34; to unlock it or &#34;shake&#34; you pocket with &#34;greens&#34; for people who could do it for you :) The rest is fine, I know this phone is really costs for it's &#34;all included features&#34;. I will recommend to get this phone from trusted sellers...

they stole my phone has a broken screen and then informed me that I had paid. I want my money back. thanks

For about the first year or so, I had absolutely no problems with anything; this phone was like my baby. But then, the usb charging port got loose or something and the phone refused to charge even when it said it was charging. I had to get a new one, free with the warranty, but still annoying and frustrating. As I'm writing this, my second one is dying while plugged into the charger. After some research, I found that this is a common issue with these phones. Being in college 4 hours from home I kind of need a sturdy phone. As soon as my 2 year contract is up I'm switching phones.

i got a good phone that was in mint condition as probmised and had no problem switching from my broken adroied phone to this one.  also had no problem with esn or keeping my old number and did it all myself using information from youtube and kittywireless.com

SO I bought this phone over 6 months ago and still is amazing. Unfortunately got caught up in the hype of IPhone and got an iphone. Omg how I have learned that I can not stand the iphone. Will go back to my droid.This is truly a great phone! It is a great investment and a very sturdy phone as I am a  Mom of five kids and this phone is still flawless after bumps drops drool and the whole nine yards!

Simply said &#34;new&#34;  Came in original box, manufacture security sealed. All contents were manufacture security sealed.Great price. Works great with Kitty Wireless (page plus). Its only Day 2, my expectations are high.  Shipped fast.Returned one from NUTWO that stated &#34;NEW&#34; receipt said &#34;NEW&#34;. Wouldn't charge, and was refurbished (void sticker over a screw was missing and a inspection sticker was in place).

Upgraded my Verizon Wireless phone mid-2011 to the HTC Incredible 2 and had issues right away with lack of signal strength and volume... tried for a couple weeks but it just sucked, so I called VZW and they promptly sent a replacement.The replacement has been fantastic. Easy to use, great virtual keyboard/touchscreen alignment, plenty of pages to store apps on, and excellent battery life.  Battery life was initially nothing to write home about, but I'd used the Easy Battery Saver app before and installed it pronto -- now the battery lasts an average of 2 to 2 1/4 days (usage depending of course). Out of the box I was probably just barely getting through the day.Prior to this phone I had a Motorola Droid 2, Droid, and an HTC Eris and I like the Incredible 2 the best of them all . The Droids were nice, but they were heavy and clunky. The Eris was nice until an Android software update essentially destroyed its virtual keyboard to touchscreen alignment.This Incredible 2 is thin enough for me, lightweight compared to the others I had, and the screens are totally easy to use. Text is very simple, and email setup was a breeze. It works perfectly with Google Navigator and I have even lost my Garmin GPS having not used it since getting this phone.How could it be better? Well, it does come preloaded with apps that you can't get rid of like Verizon Navigator, Skype, Slacker Radio, Books, Facebook, Flickr, Amazon Kindle, NFL Mobile, Peep, YouTube and other byte stealers that I really do not care about using on my phone... would be nice to be able to delete them altogether, but hiding them works OK too.I like and recommend this phone, but suggest that you get very aggressive right away with VZW Customer Service if you get a lemon and hopefully they would treat you like they did me and send a replacement that was outstanding.

I bought what I thought was a New HTC Droid Incredible 2. Less than a week after I received it, the phone stopped charging and has not charged properly since. Not only did they send the wrong charger for the phone, but it was a display model, not new. I do not blame the phone itself because I do believe it is an awesome phone. I blame those who sold it to me.

Is awesome I like it alot is a really good phone and it's not too big and it's convenient for me

My daughter had an I Phone that was stolen and we needed to find her a phone.  She was not a big fan of her I Phone and chose to try this one out.  She absolutely loves it and it has everything she needs.  Great phone.  Wish I would have gotten it when I upgraded last summer!!!

First the phone came without a battery, so we had to order one. Once we put the battery in and charged the phone we realized the power button didn't work!!!!! Only good thing about this order was how easy Amazon made it for me to return it!!!!

It doesn't charge. the battery is clearly backwards, I can see why it's being sold outside of Verizon. But I was happy with the quick mail out, it arrived sooner then anticipated (and anyone without a phone, this is HUGE!) so kudos to the company on delivery. This particular kind of phone has been known to be either good or lemony. I've gone through several myself, which is why I'm purchasing extras online. I don't fault the company. I fault HTC. Luckily this is an older model so most people won't need to worry about this kind anymore. and for those that do are prob buying it because they already have it and are aware of the problems.

A great phone, the only thing I can complain about is that the on-off button starts to get stuck sometimes, at the end I fixed it by downloading an app that alows me to use the volume buttons instead of the on-off button.  The rest is perfect.

This is a great phone. Very easy to use and it arrived just as I thought. Very pleased with my purchase.

NO scratches or marks whatsoever..AMAZING condition..It looks and acts brand new..FAST delivery..Now I just need to figure out how to use it..My first smartphone and it's very nice..I appreciate it!!

Horrible!!!!  charging port on phone came out and replacement phone would not charge and volume didn't work. The HTC incredible 2 was the sorriest piece of junk I ever bought. Very unhappy and dissatisfied with my purchase.  DON'T DESERVE A STAR!!!!

I absolutely love this phone. I bought it used and it was in mint condition. There are tons of cases available on Amazon for it. I liked the phone so much, I bought several. I've always been a Blackberry girl but I think I'm an HTC girl now. It has a built in processor so it doesn't have the lag my Motorola or LG Droid had.

Had to return 2 phones due to loose charger port. The phones would not charge because the charging ports were so loose.

everything i need nothing i dont good quality not the newest model for for age it is up to date for needs

Used for PagePlus. Worked out great. Phone didn't come in an original box, but parts looked new and worked like new :)

This is a great phone, but it definitely has faults. It comes in a variety of colors and has a lot of cases. It is kind of hard to find cases at just any store, but you can find cases at your company's store. I have a case on my HTC and have dropped it too many times to count. I have even dropped it down a metal staircase and it didn't crack. It is a touch screen phone and sometimes it does not respond.When I first got this phone I was surprised on how many apps were pre-installed. Most I have never used. There is a music app already installed and that is nice.What is really annoying is you can't just hold an app down and delete it. You have to go in to settings, find the app, delete it or go on google play, find it and delete it.It took me months to find out how to take a screenshot. Turns out all you have to do is hit power then home, just like any other phone.I know I have been going on about the faults of this phone, but it is great a great phone. The speakers are great and the earphones work amazingly.You can lock the phone and that is great if you don't want sneaky people getting onto your phone. You can have a pattern to draw or a number combination.It has tons of space. I have a good amount of apps on my phone and I still have over half the space left.If the phone is being stupid then just turn it on then back off. The only problem is it takes a few minutes to start back up.It has a good price of around $100 for a touch screen phone. It is a great phone if you are updating.Overall this is a great phone. I would recommend it to anyone.

I am having problems with the phone I purchased. The phone looks in good condition but the touch screen does not work properly. I am trying to send back or exchange

A Gift for a Grand daughter, who has a requirement for a phone every 90 days, This phone was purchase at a good price, I wouldrecommend all purchase thru Amazon.

The HTC Droid has been all we expected. Has not shut down unexpectedly or frozen. All features have worked well.

I love this phone.  It's my first android phone, I had a Palm Pixi Plus and this blows it away! Sound quality is good for calls. I love to use the phone to listen to FM radio and podcasts.

Well, this phone lasted about a year before I had problems with the charging.  It shows it is charging, but instead the battery is draining.  I loved everything about the phone up until this started happening, but if I can't depend on it then it might as well be in the garbage.  From what I'm reading online, this is a very common problem in the Incredible 2....Waste of $.

I bought this Android phone because my original phone (iPhone) was stolen.  This works fine as a backup; I would not choose Android phones or this particular phone again.  OS is very slow, updates via Google Play are not intuitive enough to get through, and many phone apps are not all compatible either with this phone or on Android platform.

This was a great buy.  A screen replacement on old phone was about $70.  For another $50 got a brand new phone/battery/charger and bonus car charger.  Swapping was simple with Verizon, just swap the memory card and SIM card and do the *228 programming and you have a new phone.

I did not purchase this phone through Amazon but through Verizon Wireless and I am super disappointed in the phone!  Please don't consider buying it, I've had numerous problems with it and I have only had it a little over a year and a month or so.  This was my 1st HTC smart phone and it will be my last one that I purchase too.

Keypad only works sometimes and apparently I can't replace it, only return it.Which means I would have no phone at all. I thought everything on Amaxon was guarnteed. Guess not.

I loved this phone while it worked.  It slowly died a awful death.  First, the software clitches.  Second, it was the SD slot failed.  Third, it was the charging port.  The charging port would go back and forth - one day it would charge, the next day it wouldn't charge.  I finally gave up, ported out of Page Plus and moved on to the freedom of the GSM, unlocked phone world.  The freedom and the feelings that go along with it are overwhelming.  As much as I loved the Incredible 2 and Page Plus, I finally let go of the old worn-out, old &#34;pair of shoes&#34;.  I moved on to a Nexus 4!  There is no comparison, so I will not even try.The Incredible 2 was a great phone while it lasted, but it died a way-to-early death in my opinion.

This phone definitely did not disappoint. It's more faster than than the original. The outside had a little indentation but the phone as a whole looks brand new.

the first week it started charging ok but after I had to twist it in order to charge and sometimes it doesn't even charge

I like this phone. It is easy to use very lightweight and downloading apps is fool proof. The price was reasonable too.

The phone works by 10/4Battery and the camera does not work well in addition to the presence of scratches on the screen

Awesome 1st smart phone.  I did my home work and it paid off big time.  I love my Droid phone.

I bought the phone new,but It came to me used. The phone was dropped on the side causing a small dent. The packaging was opened and all the stuff that was suppose to come with it was not included; items like the user guide etc, were not shipped with the phone.

Awesome phone, works great on Page Plus Cellular, along with saving a ton of money compared to Verizon, I also have a great phone.  Verizon phone on Verizon network for half the price www.pageplusca.com is the Page Plus dealer to use, great customer support.  Update I've had this phone for 6 months now, still works great, if your expecting a top of the line Verizon phone, this isn't it, this is however, probably the best 3g phone available to use on the Page Plus / Verizon network, only 3g.  Phone is still fast and responsive, great android phone.

The cellphone stop working the first week. I talk about refund, but never send the cellphone back because im in Venezuela and its complicated and expensive. No one here could repair the phone, its dead.

I got this one when my old one died.  For being refurbished it is in excellent condition.  The screen had literally no scratches at all on it.  I have been using it for a couple of months now and I am very happy with it.  It was shipped on time and I recieved a personal garanty from the business.

The item arrived before estimated due date with great quality service! The phone is in excellent condition but the charger makes noises. Also, I've had some problems downloading apps but that could be because of my provider. Thanks for the painless process!

this phone was locked by verizon due to an unpaid bill. i was unable to use it because of that. i,therefore, am out the money i paid for it. the company i bought it from in good faith was no help and rude about my problem. therefore, i would not use them in the future.

I have had this phone for 2 years and it still works perfect.  I even used it overseas and had no problems. Would definitely recommend this phone.

Phone was fine just wasn't what I wanted after I saw it screen was not big enough it was a grest phone

I really like it so far, fast, not too big nice display. Runs smoother than my droid 3. Running on Page Plus.Signal reception is maybe one bar lower than the droid 3 but i can live with that as long as I don't get the lag.Hopefully it will get ICS soon. Very nice phone

They were supposed to be unlocked, they were not unlocked.  It was a horrible headache trying to get them unlocked.

It sucks it will not charge. When it does charge it only last for maybe an hour. Don't waste your money.

Good phonetakes great pictures. Easy to useHad to download different ringtones and an app to keep alerting me when I have a text message

The phone itself  has great features, but it stopped charging! I'm very disappointed! I don't know why it just stopped working

The phone was nothing like describe. The outer casing was actually falling off, and although the screen was flawless, there was tons of scrapes and scratches on the back, none of which were in the description.

I Love this phone! So far so good! I Haven't had any problems with it. Would recommend to everyone. thanks

Bought this for my wife about a year ago, and she still loves it! her hands are small so she wanted a thin phone that wasn't enourmous. She's a busy mom, so she often has to use the phone one handed. So far this phone has been perfect! If it was any bigger or heavier she wouldn't be able use it with ease.  Perfect size, nice size screen, runs smoothly, good sound, long battery life... Good all round phone.

Ordered one of these, and the next day the phone started shutting itself off and on every 30 secs.  returned it and got a replacement which worked fine for maybe a week, then also started shutting off and also will not connect to ANY wifi.

The phone worked great and almost as described and the screen was in great shape.  It was sold as 'used-very good' which stated that all phone functions work perfectly; almost all of them did except the camera.  There was what appeared to be lint on the inside of the protective glass in front of the lens and the pictures came out very foggy.  They probably test the phones to make sure everything works but they need to add taking a photo to this list.  Give me a phone that takes pictures like its supposed to and I'd give 4 stars.  Give me all that and not quite such deep gauges on the bezel and I'll give 5.

Price was right.All the possible features I thought necessary were included.Fully unlocked so works well with any carrier.

I bought this phone to replace my Droid X2. I loved that phone alot. But after about 18 months of use, that phone had finally died off. I will start off by saying when doing this review, you do have to take in consideration that this phone has been out over 2 years now, so it will have some disadvantages.That being said there are both really good and bad aspects of this phone.One of my favorite features is the speaker phone mode; while on a phone call if set the phone face down, it will automatically switch to speaker phone. This comes in handy while driving and i use this everyday.Another feature i enjoy is the menus option. There are four options to choose from when displaying apps. "All Apps, Frequent, Downloaded & Verizon" I keep my phone set on the "Frequent" setting. It will display your 16 most used apps.The call quality on this phone is actually decent to good. In comparsion to my driod x2 people can hear me alot better. And i tend to be able to hear better.The HTC Sense User Interface is great too. I love the little weather widget. Whatever the weather is the phone screen will actually display that. Meaning when its raining the phone shows rain and wiper blades wipe it away. Really cool Feature.While the phone has some good aspects, there are also some not so great factors.The battery life, like most smart phones, isnt that great. But in comparison to my droid x2, this battery life really blows. If you barely use your phone, you will not notice a problem. Moe than about 3 hours a day, and youll be running low. The charge time also takes atleast 4 hours for me.Another problem, i encounter is that phone will freeze up more and moore with time. Which isnt that uncommon, but like others have stated, the reboot time can be about five minutes and will use atleast 15% or more of your battery life.The actual phone itself, i have noticed, isnt very durable. The first few times it dropped  or fell, even just a little bit of distance then phone became deeply scratched and dented. Not exactly sure what its made from, but quality isnt  a strong feature. I bought a snap on case for this phone and its helped abit.For the starter to average user, this phone will do the job. Just dont expect wonders to be made while using it. Good sound quality, Great user interface and Verizon wireless coverage make this phone worth while._________________________________________________________________its now 6months later. my phone is now dead. doesnt ring, wifi doesnt work, dead pixels and digitizer wiped. there are Better phones for the money.

I got this phone on Amazon 2 years ago and only paid $0.01 for it when I activated a 2 yr contract.  Overall, this phone is OK.  I liked the design of it.  THin and simple.  The speaker is at the back, so if it's on a soft surface, you won't hear the volume at all.  I've had it freeze up on me a lot of times and the only remedy would be to restart it or even take out the battery.  I found the battery life pretty bad.  Any video watching or gps navigation would severely cut a full battery bar in half.  The worst thing was that the charging connection got messed up over time.  You have to find its 'sweet spot' before it could charge.  Sometimes I couldn't find its sweet spot, so I would give up for a day or two and then it would randomly work later.  It had a mind of its own.

I'm In LOVE with my phone! Even I bought a used one, It looks and works like new! Android is great too. Much better than Rim though.

it worked great and but the front was very scratched up around the sides there were no scratches on the screen though and that's a plus!

The charging port stopped working two weeks after I got the phone phone. Other than that its a good phobw

This is a great phone. It's already two years old and it works great. Occasionally I've had to reboot it. Just pop out the battery and restart. I am going to try and use this for three years. When I do get a new phone it will be another HTC.

After 6 months of using the phone, it would not charge. I took it to Verizon. They brought to my attention that this phone was not purchased new. The after market paint gave it away. Do not buy a phone from this seller. They are illegally selling used phones as new.

For the first couple months the phone worked great. It came in the condition advertised and in a very timely manner. However, we've been using it a little over 2 months and have issues with it charging for the 5 weeks; it is getting to the point you have to sit and hold the charger in the slot or the phone won't charge. Did not have this issue with the previous phone, same model.

The phone is more than enough of what I need in a phone. The only downside is that, because it's used, it came with a damaged audio imput and I have to adjust my earphone jack once in a while to get sound.

I like it better than the Droid 2 I was using. Still locks up at times and makes me crazy. Have to remember this isn't a top-notch phone that multi-tasks easily. It's a little computer that can only do so much at a time. Learning to be patient!! Still, I am enjoying it.

I had this phone for almost a year and it crapped out completely on me. It started getting "glitchy", freezing a lot and forcing me to restart the phone frequently. FYI: Restarting the phone takes a good 6 or 7 minutes and drains about 30% of the battery. Then, the phone stopped charging.. Not that it wouldn't hold the charge (which was also an issue), but it wouldn't charge when I plugged it in. I had to jiggle the charger around to get it to charge, and it would stop charging on its own after a couple minutes. I changed the battery and the charger and it still didn't work. I returned it and my phone provider sent me a refurbished phone - same model. I had it less than a month and its worse than the first. The phone now shows that its charging as the battery is actually draining and eventually dies while plugged in (all app's killed; GPS turned off.. i.e.: no reason for it to be draining- especially while plugged in). The phone is not usable to me at all at this point. The worst cellphone I've ever had. It almost turns me off from Droids completely and I'm considering an iPhone even though I've always sworn by Droids. Very disappointing. I had to put up a BIG stink to my provider to let me upgrade early to a different phone because I absolutely don't want another one of these. I'll have to go a couple days without a phone until my new one comes in the mail though. There are tons of reviews I found after researching the phone with people who have the exact same issues and end up going through 5 or 6 phones (this same model) and having to return it and get another one and have the same frustrations I do now. My cellphone provider of course said they don't have any known frequent problems or manufacturing defects of this model even though it happened to me twice and I found hundreds of people online with the same problems. UGH.

Had the phone two days and it restarted its self lost all contacts. Owned it less than a month and its not working at all will not turn on.Got the phone on time. Have bought phones from here before and everything was great.

This is my second HTC Incredible 2.  I loved the phone and its size, layout etc.  But after about 1 year the charging port glitch started.  Just as the other reviews mentioned.  Won't charge while on the charger (tried several kinds) Then finally stopped charging all together.LIKE A DUMMY!!!! I thought I just got a bad phone and I ordered another HTC In2 on Amazon.  After about 3 months, it is sitting beside me refusing to charge.  I am on here to buy a Droid X2.Save yourself the heartache and cash!!!

2nd time around and I love this phone! The first phone messed up after 3 days but the second one hasn't messed up at all, bluetekusa were very considerate and made sure I was satisfied!

Love this phone ,but for some reason it came without the camera chip inside.I had to use the one from my old phone in left to take pictures.Not understand why such a great phone would not have the picture chip with phone.

I had this phone on Verizon for a full 2 years with my contract. It was my very first smart phone and I have to say, I've been extremely pleased with it. It has had it's ups and downs, like all devices these days, but overall if I had to do it all over again, I would pick it again.To start, the phone is a very comfortable size. I have smaller hands so I am not easily able to use some of the newer, larger screens. This phone fits comfortably in my hand and I can reach all of the buttons to text with one hand, if needed. The phone is stylish and attractive on it's own with smooth lines and contours and all buttons are easily accessible and responsive. The phone is heavier than previous phones I have had, but I think this helps it to feel solid in your hand and appreciate the weight, though it is certainly not heavy in general.The functions of the phone itself are also fairly easy to use and the phone is simple to navigate. It comes with several themes and styles you can choose from, allowing for several screens you can swipe between and customize. You can set individual ringtones for your favorite contacts and upload your own music to serve as a ringtone as well. I find the screen to be very responsive to swipes and touches as well. The display is crisp and clear and easy to read, though there is a little glare in sunlight. I applied aZAGG invisibleSHIELD for HTC DROID Incredible 2 - Screen - Retail Packaging - Clearfrom day 1 and have had no issues with clarity or visual appeal.Call clarity has rarely been an issue. Most calls come across clear and the phone can be set to adjust call volume depending on the level of surrounding noise, which is a nice feature. I text more than call, but I have found the actual call features to be more than suitable for my needs.When running applications, the phone works fine. It's easy to see all of your running applications and easily stop or uninstall them. There is a nice feature where if you hold down the Home button, it brings up a screen that shows all of your recently used apps so you can easily access them. Sound quality for music is adequate, but not amazing. I use Pandora on my phone but normally connect it to my car stereo when driving or my portable speakers at home.Surfing the internet is smooth and you have the ability to save bookmarks if you use Firefox. I'm not sure about other browsers, since I have only used Firefox on my phone, but Firefox is responsive and easy to use on the Incredible 2.This phone supports 3G, Wireless internet and Bluetooth capability, but does not support 4G LTE.Overall, the Incredible 2 is a great phone. I am sad to see it go, but I recently upgraded when I renewed my contract. I will miss this phone for sure, it was a nice first smartphone to have!

I got this for my uncle and he has never had an problems with it it was like brand newAnd it was fast shipping

When it arrived it worked perfectly but after a month or so it began to freeze up on me and after about 4 months, it completely shutdown. It would only show a white screen. Don't waste your time.

I got this phone right around the time that Verizon was also starting to do the 4G LTE, but stuck with the 3G anyway. It is a pretty solid phone, and I got grandfathered into the unlimited data system, which is still something I take advantage of, because my phone is still working! Cons: The first one of the phone I got had an issue where perhaps a spring in the power button got stuck, and I was unable to turn on the phone/wake it from sleep unless someone called me or something. I got it replaced right away, no questions asked, by another Incredible 2 where the wiring for the headphones was messed up, so it would detect a mic when there wasn't a mic, and if I was playing music it would start trying to dial the names of whatever it thought it picked up in the song. FINALLY, lucky number three. I've had it for over two and a half years. It's been dropped numerous times, with only one small crack on the bottom that doesn't affect the screen or the touch sensitivity. The battery life is definitely not what it used to be anymore, but that is to be expected, and it still got me through over 2 hours of running with a GPS tracking app and Spotify on. It still connects fine with 3G at pretty decent speeds. Aside from the lowered battery life, this has definitely been a great phone to me.

Great phone. It's the best phone HTC has for Verizon. Size wise its perfect.. sometimes I'm not so great at using the virtual keyboard though. Probably user error. I'd recommend it.

The phone arrived in good looking condition, but it would not stay connected to the network.  Tried master reset, took it into multiple stores to have it trouble shot, but would not work.  Complete waste.

I had great service from Amazon. The phone does everything I need and more.  This purchase allowed me to keep a great calling plan without excessive cost.

Really like the functionality of this phone and the perfectly sized display.  The battery life is very good if your not burning too many apps.

I bought this to replace my existing HTC DI2. It is not quite the same as the one I had before. The back is larger and therefore cannot fit into a protective case, and the product was very dirty when I got it.

Phone screen doesn't always work, screen sometime just shuts off and phone restarts. Sometime when o click a contact to call it calls a completely different one.Love these phones this one is faulty however.

I have had this phone now almost 2 years.  Like any phone there has been a hiccup here or there.  But overall I would recommend to anyone.  My wife had a fascinate and it was stolen and we replaced it with this.  She like this much better also.  Goes fast, and i have had many Apple users complement me on its speed and smooth looking graphics and transistions

I purchased this phone and the first 2 days it broke and I ordered a replacement and then within 3 months that one stopped charging and the screen quit responding so it was a total waste of money. I will never buy this phone again. I Ignored the ratings by people saying &#34;nah its not that bad&#34; but yeah it really was.. Do not buy!

This cell phone is good quality.  Although it was advertised as new and clearly was used.  I was expecting a new phone.  But it works well.

Well received the phone today and was very pleased, the only thing i dont like it the fact the water stickers there both set off on the phone and battery, I dont know if a refurb was done but everything works! Very little wear but nothing my Otterbox wont hide. Overall I would give them 4 3/4 stars. Cust service WAS GREAT but knowing about the water damage would have been nice even tho the phone works.

I'm on my third (yes third and if I'd bothered wasting the time and energy involved with changing it out would have been like 10th now in less than two years) HTC Droid Incredible 2 and it too is a piece of crap. This one won't connect to wi-fi, randomly loses 3G capacity, reception sucks, sucks the life out of the battery (on second battery), and will reboot itself whenever it feels like whether you are using it or not. I've had it reboot just sitting on the desk and I've had it reboot in the middle of trying to send a text. I do NOT recommend this phone! When I discussed the matter with Verizon (bought phone at Best Buy with insurance thankfully) I was told that HTC knows about the software issues and are working to resolve them but with no actual estimated date. The "update" they did last month either did nothing for the phone or made it worse...hard to tell at this point.

The phone was exactly like the description. It works perfectly. I am very happy with my purchase . Thank you

I enjoy this phone. It is a substitute for my damaged samsung galaxy sIII.It is a great phone. Feels better in the hand than the large sized samsung galaxy.

I was expecting 4G and it was tiny as hell.  Not at all what i thought was coming in the mail.

I do love this phone.  I would absolutely give it 5 stars except I had to get two replacements in under a year.  First the charging port went bad in week one, then it had no sound.  Now that I've had this one for a while, it's been great.

The phone has worked well- have no complaints. It charges easily and holds a charge.  Would purchase another one if needed another.

I had the Droid Incredible 2 4G LTE, but it decided to take a swim and the screen stopped working. Needed a cheap replacement so picked this... Actually, I didn't realize it was different than the one I had until it came, I was rushing and didn't read the description carefully. At any rate, I actually think I like it a little better than the newer 4G LTE version. I don't even really notice the difference from 4G to 3G with this phone. Also, I really like that even when I don't have 3G service, I can still make calls. For some reason with the 4G version, if one thing went down the phone didn't work at all. I might even keep it a bit past my contract renewal date (July).

PROS:-Compact size for those looking for a modern smart phone; fits the hands just perfectly.-Tough and rugged; I've dropped mine a number of times in 3 years and no breaking or cracks.... and I don't have a case!CONS:-Touchscreen began to give out after 1.5 years of use. This same issue was also reported by 2 of my colleagues who have the same phone. Screen would become randomly unresponsive, or hypersensitive.-Horrible battery life; good thing the extended batteries are only $10-$15.

Great phone , works just like its supposed to and looks new thank you would recommend to all . I wish it came with earphones and an sd card

I bought this phone for use with a Page Plus plan and it is easy and fun to use. Aside text and phone features, I use it for general Internet searching, email, FB, Pinterest, GPS, etc. I don't play games on the phone or watch shows/movies. The photo quality is pretty good and the video is also nice. I have never used a Galaxy or an iPhone, so I can't compare it to higher-end phones. I do know that the DINC2 has been reliable, holds its charge, is easy to set up with Page Plus (a low-cost phone/data service that utilizes Verizon's network). If I lost mine, I wouldn't hesitate to buy another.

Phone was exactly as described. Came with 16 gig micro SD. Very easy to set up and use. would recommend to anyone who needs a replacement or a backup phone.

the phone is just a very cheaply made piece of junk, on the edge of the battery cover it has nothing to sealed off dust or water so it easily get damage by either one.

I have no issue with the seller.This product however seems to have issues with the charging port giving out in less than a year.Im on my second one because i love this phone pictures Awesome, speed,display clear. It does everything an i phone will do and shares better between applicatons.But if ever there is another upgraded version to this phone. Please fix the charging port to be more resilient.
