
I used this phone as a primary phone for a long time.  It functioned really well until I was interacting with more smart phone users, because it doesn't download or handle larger data (pic/vid) texts.  This was my favorite non-touchscreen, non-flip phone of all time.

One durable phone  that has went thru some rough handling with the silicone skin attached.Battery life last a while before it needs charging. Easy to use as well.Durable phone with silicone skin cover attached suitable for not so gentle every day usage.

After a week it stopped working, it is a great phone for the price but you get what you pay for... or I was just the unlucky one and got a bad phone

This phone worked for about 3 weeks and then it started staticing very bad i called att to troubleshoot and they knew it was the phone too... i would not recommend!

Great phone at a great price. This phone has everything you need at a decent price. No smartphone but does everything else.

I thought the product would look cheap but it turns out it wasn't and I like how it looked on my phone

this phone drops calls all the time. poor reception. i bought this as a second phone waiting for my contract to be up- well its piece of ____

This is a perfect phone for folks who do not need data browsing.We are using it and it is keep on running.

good cell phone, the qwerty key board made easier to work messages, I am very glad with the purchase I've make

My husband and I use these phones in Mexico.  It worked as soon as I put the SIM card in.  The internet does not work here but I believe that's due to needing to change something far more technical than I have the expertise to do.

Got this for my cousin in the Caribbean. Reception is good even in rural, hilly environments. Could have come with a better camera.

thanks to everyone who wrote a review for this phone, i purchased it last week and i am very happy with it. it is excellent for talk and text. the internet access is little tricky, since i have t-mobile service, and by default it goes to at&t; and fails, so i have to use "enter url" under "options" to get on the internet. i haven't been able to fix that: if anyone knows how to change the settings for the web, so that it goes to t-mobile website instead, i would appreciate it. other than that, it works fine on the web too. however if you need a lot of web access, it would be inconvenient on this phone: the screen is too small for it.also a couple of notes:1. the alarm is affected by the volume setting of the phone, that is if you turn off or mute the phone, the alarm will not sound. this is hasn't been the case with other phones i have used.2. it doesn't have the regular headset jack. you need to get it's own headset with a micro-usb (i think) to be able to use it on the phone. you can find it somewhere here on amazon.overall, i highly recommend this phone. it's very light and it's look great.

It doesn't down load txt pic's it would be nice if someone has an answer to fix this issue looking for help thanks

The is a great replacement phone for anyone who needs one. I got tired of the smart phone fee's so I downgraded to this phone. I love it it does everything that I want and more. Thanks

My daughter had this phone for 2 years and passed it on to a cousin.  It's a great little phone if you are not demanding internet / wifi.The best option if you are on ATT is the Go Phone $0.10 a minute calls and 200 texts for $5 or 1000 texts for $10.  It's a great deal for younger teens or tweens since there are no recurring fees when they don't use it.

I love this phone-lightweight and small and great for callling and texting. Better than the samsung magnet which didn't have 3g like this phone, so it has much better reception. HOWEVER> the packaging is cheap cardboard, not the glossy colored cardboard that Att and Samsung normally house their phones in, and the manual is photocopied and a poor job at that. I  wouldn't be surprised if this was a fake fone, but it if it is kudos for doing a great job. If it's the real deal, why the below average packaging, is it a second from the factory?

Easy to set up voicemail and all of my contacts. Ingoing and outgoing calls are great... no problems. Texting is something you have to get use to though. The keys are pretty small for my stubby fingers. I only use this phone for talking/texting, not for internet. It doesn't have wifi... don't trust that picture. You have to pay for internet.pros: easy to set up, works with t-mobile sim cardcons: no wifi---Update (9/26/12)---After 4 months this little phone is still a great basic phone. Texting has gotten easier. My stubby fingers are becoming less of a problem. Incoming and outgoing calls are easier. Phone quality is great. I drop this phone every once in a while and it still works. I recommend this phone for anyone who uses texting and voice calls. Using the PAID internet service is a hassle. It takes a while for the screen to load-- plus it absorbs a lot of battery life if you use that feature. Just stick with your basics: texting and calling.note: wifi is not available with this phone.

This phone is really good , it has really good battery life and amazing volume. At first it is a little hard to manage because of the Qwerty's small keys. I have slim and small fingers so it isn't really hard. It is very strong i have dropped it so many times and it has no scratches at all , but i would recomend buying a case and screen protector for extra protection.I highly recommend this phone for people that have basic need. It has very low camera and video quality that would be the only con.

My new Samsung phone is just too cool! The keyboard is greart, and I just love the camera! Thank you Samsung!!!!!!

We bought it to use in Rome.  Calls were lost; keyboard locked; speaker did not work.  Worthless!!!!  Don't waste your money.

This phone was great, just bought it to play around with some features and stuff. Came with great packaging but with OLD At&t packaging but still was find. Had this phone for about 4 months now and it still works even though I don't use it much.

I ordered this phone and it would not let me receive pictures.  The keys were too close together.  Not functional for me.

Worked fine for a month then the buttons started to stick and then after four months i picked up the phone and it was burning up. It never turned on again.

What can I says  about this cute little phone , the phone work really good and for 50 bucks I can not aspect it to be this good .battery last more than 4-5 days, speaker phone are loud and clear ,text are so easy to used .I don't think this kind of phone will last at this price....you better be hurry to get it ASAP.

Only problem I had with this phone is that they sent it originally with the wrong battery, however Amazon accepted my return and refunded my money.When ordering the phone for the second time it worked great. Though it's an AT&T; phone it worked with both an AT&T; SIM and more importantly my T-mobile SIM. I will say, though this phone looks somewhat like a "smart phone"/mini blackberry it's not. However, it works well for texting and has good reception-sound quality.Great basic phone and again, IT's NOT A SMART PHONE so don't expect an I-Phone, Android, or Crackberry...

I bought this phone because a similar phone I owned by a different manufacture was constantly dropping calls and double typing letters when I used it for texting. I bought this model and it hasn't dropped a call yet and it also has some nice features. The one minor complaint I have is the letter and number keys are very hard to read because of the diamond shaped design, outside of that it was well worth the purchase price.

This looks like a good phone and starts off pretty good, but in a short while, trouble starts. Battery life is short. Cuts out during conversatons while you are at home in a good reception area. Took it in to AT&T and they could not fix it so replaced it.  Within two months, it started acting weird again.  Stuck in some kind of loop that would not allow you to call out, only receive calls.  Took it in again to their repair place and this time they could not fix and said I would have to buy a new one. In short - it sucks.  Take a chance if you like to gamble.  I'd rather use two orange juice cans and a string.

It is a very good deal if you are looking for a mobile phone which is capable to make a phone call and text someone. It has a very comfortable design to tap it at a very fast speed. The only problem it has is that it cannot get connect with internet.

It just arrived today and it is still charging but I couldn't wait to get familiar with it.Pros: small, lightweight,keys stand up so you know when you hit them,easy enough to useLove that I didn't have to do a new contract! Have been unhitched so to speak for a while and I like having the option to switch carriers if a deal comes up that I can't refuse ;) love the price! Oh and there's a way to reject numbers of your choosing! It accepted my old SIM card and memory card, so even tho my old one died at least I didn't lose everything!Cons: cover is slippery  so I'm having to order a silicone case (the reviews for the rubberized one said it doesn't fit quite right) some things take a lot going though levels to get to them, but I'm sure I'll get proficient at it in time and use.Not very good ringtones but I love the piano alert for msg's! Some things should be simpler but...Very happy with my purchase and the wait for it to get here was worth it :)Would recommend this phone!

Good phone for my daughter who is just getting her first taste of independence. Just the right features, talk and testing only. No need for all the extras.

i bought the phone about 5 months ago and now it will not charge at all was amazing at first but now it is dead and wont charge

I needed a basic phone to replace my old prepaid GoPhone from AT&T.  This is perfect for me.  I only use it for calls and an occasional text message.  The BlueTooth is a bonus, works very well with my Ford SYNC system, for hands-free calling.  I've had it for less than 2 weeks; I'll update if my experience changes.

This phone does pretty much everything it was intended to do and does it fairly well @ a great price. Menus easy to navigate. Decent battery. Few minor quirky things but no big deal. Sometimes difficult to see screen in bright sun (expected), remains in txt MSG mode rather than returning to main menu/display and I think lacks int'l characters - or haven't figured it out yet. It's my 3rd purchase of this phone. Very pleased.

This is a really nice phone. I've dropped it so many times and it hasn't given up on me yet. The battery life is ok, i wouldn't reccomend it to some one who travels alot and needs their phone to be charged for days. But for some one in highschool or college it's a really good phone to have. It also looks nice, people always ask me if its a blackberry =). I've had this product for about a year now and i really like it, good choice.

I bought this phone because I needed a full keyboard as I am sending out more text messages than I needed to in the past. However, my carrier is T-Mobile while this phone was customized for the AT&T; network. That being said, the following AT&T; features do NOT work with T-Mobile: Instant Messaging, Mobile E-Mail, AppCenter, Mobile Web, Mobile Care.However, the items that I do care about work fine and these include the camera, the multiple alarms, texting, address book, sound recorder, etc.I gave this item 4 stars instead of 5 because the speaker phone feature is practically worthless due to its low volume capabilities.

I bought this for my daughter to replace the phone that came with the att plan we got in. She hated not having a qwerty keyboard. All in all, she likes the phone as a user, but when talking to her, there is a humm in the background coming from her new phone. It does not bother her so she is keeping the phone. But any one that calls her gets the humm in the background, kind of like static. It is not bad enough to interfere with the conversation, but it is a bit annoying. There is also an issue with picture messaging that I haven't resolved yet, she only receives the first half of a picture in a picture message. Not sure about that one yet.

The buttons are way to small and I've a hard time reading them.I believe it is more for the younger kids

This phone has the smallest keys I have ever seen. Unless you have the thinnest fingertips you will be constantly hitting two keys at the same time. Because of this I only used it a few days before I went back to my old phone and started my search for another new one.

great phone for calls and texting onlygood sound quality and keys are loacatable except for those of us with larger hands

The only good thing that I can associate with this phone is it showed up on time. You can't send picture messages, receive the internet, take short clips, and a couple of other things. If you want a phone that only calls people and does basic texting then this is the phone you want.

The phone was advertised as unlock. I took it overseas but never worked. It is now useless in a drawer.  It is not worth the effort if advertisement is deceptive.

I got this for my mom because she is too scared of the more advanced touch screen phones. From the little time I spent setting it up for her, I can say it's quite old school. No bells and whistles here; just you basic phone for making phone calls and texting. I think you can browse the internet on it but you shouldn't get this if surfing the internet on a phone is important to you.

This phone is frequently advertised as quad-band.  It is not.  It operates at 850 and 1900 GHz.  I.e.,  not in Europe.  I found out the hard way.

i bought this phone for my little sister and bring it for her in jamaica. she fall in love with the phone right away. very good choice, worth every bit of my money

it's nice and small. i wouldn't recommend it for older people (50+) i bought one for my mom she had difficulty using it said the keys are to small but for me it's pretty easy,

I bought this phone only, because it said it has wifi and it does not, only with an AT&T acount. It is not 3G you have to have a contract with AT&T. Do not buy this phone thinking you can connect it to Wifi it will not work. I feel they should not advertise this phone as Wifi.

We purchased this phone for our son who decided to go swimming with his old one.  The original phone was a Pantech Link II which is very similar to this one.  The pluses:  Easy to use, incredibly loud ringtones.  The minuses: Call quality is not as good as the Pantech was.  It seems to clip off words occassionally.We have AT&T; and all we had to do was insert our sim card and it worked immediately.

I bought this phone in August and within a week, people were complaining of a high pitched metallic sound on their end.  After about a month of receiving complaints, someone gave me the exact same phone so I thought I would try again.  And again, the same high pitched metallic sound, that is described over and over again as "really annoying" or "terrible", is present. I wouldn't recommend this phone if you are planning to use it for phone calls.  Texting works just fine.

The phone works for me in France with a French SIM card. Inconveniences: it's easy to press the wrong key; it takes several clicks to view my inbox.  Otherwise, it's okay.  Fine for the price.  Don't have 3G coverage so I don't know how it handles internet.

I gave this cell phone to one of my family menbers and they love it. This cell phone makes a great gift to anyone.

I love this phone, I have had it a month or so now, it gives me reception in alot of areas that my daughters blackberry will not hardly pick up on.  Works great with bluetooth, has a lock on the keypad to keep mishaps from happening if I drop it in my handbag.  I may order another before to long, when there is a great phone it seems like they don't stay around long.  The battery life is excellent. I charge mine once every three to four days.  I am a medium user, talk some, text some, so the phone is far better than what I had before.  Battery life was my first concern, did not want to have to recharge everyday, with this one I do not, the speaker works well without problems, the sound quality is very good, volume is easy to up or down (button on the side) if you want camera quality then this phone does not take pics like the iphone, but its decent, if your more concerned about getting reception and good connection then this phone is for you.

since i do not use cell phone to connect to internet or other social stuff(i have my itouch), if you want to find a cell phone only serve as a phone and textmessage carrier, it is good

I wanted a phone for texting and the occasional phone calls. My two biggest complaints are these:Terrible call quality200 message limitI'm an AT&T; user and I WOULD NOT SUGGEST THIS PHONE!

This is a quality phone at a reasonable price. Samsung makes good products and my daughter has had zero problems with this phone. Soft cases are cheap too as it's an older model.

I used for a bit and was ok, not big deal.. for regular users only... good in general, but simple phone

I ordered this phone to replace another Samsung flip phone.  I'm glad I chose this one because it's so easy to use and set up.  I have a crystal clear connection and hear the callers perfectly.  I've had this product for many 2 months and I don't regret the purchase.  This is my first unlocked phone; I'll look for this again after I've gotten my use out of it.

Great price, easy to use, hard to break, and lots of fun. Wa a great phone when I had it!!!!

I have no problems with the small buttons and the camera is fine. Looks nice. When I want to make a call or send a text however, I can't just scroll down through contacts. I have to go through several menu items to get to where I need to go. My old 2 to 3 step process has turned into a 6-7 button pushing experience just to send one test. Also, some callers claim to hear a buzzing on their end.

This phone was pretty good value for money. The screen is a good size but the letters on the QWERTY keyboard were a little too small for my liking.

This is a great phone to have if u dont want to have a smart phone...it has a pretty nice key board..the buttens are feel small at times but u get used to it..other wise its reliable and has good call quality ..the battery life is great and it picks up signal better than other phones that i have had even though they might cost 100s more..i recomned thus phone..

I bought this phone to use in Jamaica, and am loving it, it fell from my 3yr old more than once and I just pick it up put the battery back in and its good to go, very light and the price is good....

I've had it for six weeks and its been good, So far! I would order another one if I would need a replacement.

Very disapointed with this item, first time I make a 1 star rate on an AMAZON buy. Item did not come with an original SAMSUNG charger, charger that came along, did not work, had to buy another charger in order to see if phone works. it is not an original SAMSUNG packing, all parts inside where loose. no MANUAL inside.

I had a blackberry when I was with Sprint, but had to switch to AT&T and did not like their touch screen phones.  This is a basic phone but meets all my requirements.  Yes I got use to using the internet and the internet on this phone does not work the same as my LG Encore, but that is minor to me.  I enjoy using the keyboard much better than tapping a screen that does commands that you dont want it to do.  The music player on this phone is good too!

Brought this phone for 10 yr old. Perfect for texting and simple phone calls. Do not have any regrets for this purchase.

smaller than I thought. Tiniest qwerty keyboards ever! And why it takes so many clicking to attach picture and/or just plan sending text messages? Basically, it's cheaper than other brands and usable.

This phone is as basic as you can get. It works, it sends text messages, it makes and receives phone calls, and it takes photos.  Do NOT expect anything other than that. I just needed to replace my phone temporarily until my contract is up in November.  This phone will serve that purpose until then.  Oh, you can also send & receive email.

This phone has all the features I need & keeps its power a long time between charges. Its a replacement for my flip phone & was very easy to set up. Just install the sim card from my old phone, charge it up. turn it on & your ready to go.

I was excited to receive the phone but the battery that was included did not belong to this phone and would not align and was of a much smaller size compared to phone. I had to return it. Hope they refund my money back.

I received this delivery after I was so eager to have a replacement. The description says unlocked which is a lie. When i put my tmobile sim card in the phone and it didnt work. Also it says music player but yet it doesn't have a slot for my headphones.

I have 2 lines on my family plan and I use the iphone as my primary phone and the Samsung A187 as my business phone just to handle phone calls and text messages. The phone works for those purposes and is very compact and convenient.

This phone is ultra basic...it struggles with picture messaging and is not intuitive for texting...some normal features you expect to be on a phone are simply missing.

Very lightweight and well constructed. My wife love it. highly recommend. A very good buy for the money. Good buy.

I like to be able to touch and feel the button on the phone and this phone gives me that.  The speaker phone is very clear and i can hear the other person nice and clear.  I don't use all of the app or any other function on the phone except to call and listen to the message.  over all i like this phone a lot and i would recogmend it to anyone who like texting and talking a lot because its has a long battery life.

This is by far the best non-smart phone phone that I have come across. I do a lot of texting and I wanted a qwerty keyboard. Works great and arrived unlocked as described.

We got this phone for T-Mobile, we don't have a data plan and didn't want to sign a new contract.  Daughter replaced the sim card, charged it up and has been working great for months.  This replaced a Backberry she got from a friend when she dropped her origional.  Very close to the size and style of it and we have had no issues at all.  We mainly use it for the phone, text and camera. All work fine and no complaints from the kid and if you got kids you know that means a lot.

its a light weight phone i love the key pad the internet great good service it would be good if it came with sim card now if you got an old att phone sim card not a problem i love this phone its a great phone im satisfied with the phone

Of all my orders with amazon these past years this is my first disappointment.  Item has not functioned properly even after having AT&T check device. Installed new sim card and took to repair shop and I was told it was not repairable.

This has to be the worst phone next to the iPhone , u need to have like midget like fingers to text on this phone, don't get this phone u will regret it!

May not work on AT&T; Network.AT&T; just exchanged mine (for free) because, they claimed, it was not 3G compatible.Just be aware.

Its an Ok phone for the pice......the cursor buton is not the best, you need to be using your nail to hit the righ iconYou want to acces...otherwise...is ok or the money...

I've been using this Samsung cell phone for almost 6 months. If you're looking for a no-frill, functional cell phone for phone calls only, this Samsung phone does the job. I don't use text messages, so I cannot comment about its text message features. Definitely buy a silicon cover for this cell phone, prevent slippery phone.I've previously used Nokia cell phone for more than a decade. It takes some getting used to Samsung's design logic.1) I hate that Samsung sets restriction on Contact info list. I can't store long address, or multiple address, or multiple e-mail address in the Contact info list like I used to do with the Nokia cell phone. Some friends and family members have more than one mailing address (or long addresses).  I've used the Nokia cell phone for 7 years until the hearing piece malfunctioned - forcing me to turn all phone calls into speaker-phone calls, no privacy in phone calls. Otherwise, I would have kept using the old Nokia phone. Now, I'm afraid to wear my Samsung phone on my neck because it looks a bit like Blackberry phone (or when the Samsung phone is flipped to its back side, it looks like a smartphone). As you know, many robbers are stealing iPhone and Android smartphones from people on the street.2) I cannot manually lock my Samsung cell phone when putting it in my handbag, I need to be gentle with my handbag or wait about 1 minute for the Samsung cell phone to self-lock itself before putting it in my handbag. The Nokia cell phone allowed user to manually lock cell phone to avoid unintentionally speed-dialing when putting it aside in a bag or pant pocket. The lack of manually lock phone feature is a minus for Samsung cell phone.3) The keypads are extremely small for anyone with big fingers. I have small fingers but sometimes I still find it hard to type on small keypads. I also spent some time (via trial & error) to figure out how to use the keypad to type symbols and signs. The user manual that came with the packaging seem to be missing a big chunk of the user manual instructions. I went to Samsung's website to see the user manual online which contains many more pages. But still, the user manual seems incomplete.4) Some nice features: Stop watch, timer, measurement converter for length, width, height, weight, volume, area (convert to & from metric system), tip calculator and regular calculator. BUT, I must say the currency converter is useless because it doesn't update currency conversion rates on periodic basis. Best to know the currency conversion rates, then use the regular calculator to convert the currency yourself.5) Althought I have a USB cable for this Samsung, the pictures I took on this cell phone doesn't get transferred to my computer. I heard you have to use a memory card to save your pictures, then use the indirect method to transfer pictures to computer. Since I don't subscribe to cell phone internet services, I don't have the option to e-mail the pictures from my cell phone.Overall, this Samsung does the job for receiving and sending phone calls. There are minor annoyances as stated above, but I can live with them.

Great first cell phone for my twelve year old daughter.  Nice color, works great and she absolutely loves it.  I am very pleased with this product.

This phone is light and compact. very easy to use. the only downside is that it did not come with an ear piece so i had to purchase one. other than that a fairly good phone.

I bought this phone through Amazon but it was sold by Unlocked Cell Phone Kings Inc. I had some questions pertaining to the battery life of the phone and contacted the King himself.  He was very helpful and was super prompt with his response to my rather uneducated, to put it mildly, questions.  The phone is great and has so many gadgets that I will never use.  The price was really great and the shipping time was excellent, due to my Prime membership.  Thumbs up to this phone and to the very nice seller as well.  Would deal with the King again but I hope I won't have to as I like this phone and want it to last, lol.  He does have other products on his Amazon Store page though so, one never knows.  A plus on this phone and seller.

I've had other unlocked phones that were cheap in price but I love the design and how easy it is. I text alot so this phone is perfect for that.

mu funciono perfectamente en venezuela

My blackberry ate the dust so I decided to buy this phone because I did not have an upgrade available. I really like the features and the price is second to none. The weakest part of this phone is the camera and the lack of video camera. The internet is sufficient for my needs. Call quality is very good and there is an external memory slot which is really handy. I would recommend get a silicone skin, amazon has good deals on them.For anyone who needs an att phone and doesn't have an upgrade the a187 is a great choice, highly recommended.

Well lets just say I had no great expectations and bought this phone as a value rather than for flashy features. I also bought with the expectation that there was WiFi according to the pics. To my surprise this model has no WiFi, maybe I am missing something. Otherwise its a nice phone for the price, just know you are getting what u paid for.

I ordered this phone a couple of weeks ago. So far, the battery only last 3 days without phone calls. I checked the battery and found the seller replaced the original Samsung battery with replica. So, I was quite disapointed given other reviews stated with long battery life. Check who the seller is before you order it.

I love this phone. If you are looking for a nice looking phone that you can make calls on and text from, this is it! I read another review that said their phone gets mistaken for a blackberry, very true. The pictures really don't show how nice this phone is. Has a good weight without being heavy, very clear screen res., calls are crystal clear even with the bluetooth, the buttons seem small but I have had no problem with them so far. I can see a large handed person having a tougher time. I use my fingertips or short edge of my fingernail with no problems at all.If you have ever had a cell phone any cell phone before this, the menu and phone functions are very easy to use and figure out without reading the book. I had a prepay verizon razor phone and now have this and I had zero problem figuring it out.I don't know what else to say,been using it for a month I am enjoying this phone alot! I did buy it from newegg at about $40 great price for a great phoneUPDATE: 2/2013Still a awesome phone. I don't use it for "smartphone" options just phone and text. Not a single problem yet. I actually enjoy this way more, when I text , than my daughters iphone. I don't have to deal with that whole text correcing crude she does...meaning because of the keypad on the front of the phone I just type and like magic my words turn out just like I typed them!! wow just imagine it ;)OK seriously though it has been a great phone and I am really happy I went with this.

I found out that with TMOBILE, the contacts might be in the memory of the old phone. So that is why if you don't see your contacts, that might be the problem. To get the music on there, I had to order a Micro SD Card. As well as a MICRO SD TO USB thing. With that you load your MP3 music on the Micro SD, and put that Micro SD in the phone, and when you want to play the music, it will ask you to add the music. But all that does, is tell the phone it is finding the music on the SD. If you take it out, you won't have that music. The speakers aren't great, so I had to order a headset for this phone.

Very nice phone and works great with PureTalk! Only thing I do not like is when you hold back space down for 2 seconds it erases your whole text message.... That is pretty depressing when you happened to have written a long text.

I've had this phone for almost a year now and other than the occasional dropped call (probably service, not phone), I love it! No, it's not a smartphone, but it does exactly what I need it to do. I'm always using mine to send pictures to Facebook and I have to say that it takes some pretty good pics. It may not be the best phone for someone with big hands as the keys are pretty small and take some getting used to. All in all I would recommend it.

Well, My teen's had this for many months now... and it still works! She loves her phone- on the days she remembers to take it with her (pfft- middle schoolers!). Well worth the money and I appreciate it uses a regular micro USB charge cable. Well done, Samsung.

I ordered this phone last week for my daughter, who is away in college. She drops her phones and she has broken several, so this time I decided not to spend a lot of money on a replacement phone. After looking at many lower price unlocked phones, we decided on this one. Delivery date was on Wednesday, it arrived a day early! What a pleasant surprise.  My daughter loves this phone. She called me and the sound quality was very good, actually better than her previous, more expensive phone. The only drawback were the keys and how small they are, but she has nimble fingers so not a problem for her.  She said she could see how someone might be frustrated with key size if they had larger fingers.  She has had a few people mistake her new phone for a Blackberry, it is that good looking. She said the other features of the phone are good, camera is just ok but at this price, amazed there is a camera.Our family has owned several Samsung cell phones over the years, and they have been sturdy and reliable phones.So far so good!  She loves it and you can't beat the price.  The service was top notch.  I would highly recommend this phone and seller to my friends.

Received product earlier than predicted.  This was great.  Phone was brand new in box.  Great features, rings loud, display show bright, have not used camera feature.  I did not need a smartphone because I have a work phone for that, only needed a personal phone. I am very pleased with this product.

This is a good phone. It is not amazing, but it fulfills my needs in what I need right now.

This phone has served the purpose of being low cost, very useful instead of buying a new phone and getting into another 2 year contract.  The camera, music player, and speakerphone are great.  There are some limitations as to the internet and ringtone downloads but it was worth it.  Great phone.

My only complaint is about the included games... the phone (more precisely AT&T) asks you to pay five bucks to unlock each included game!! Come on, these are relatively crappy games!!

Very happy with the condition of the phone....even though it was new.It was exactly what I wanted! A keyboard and screen without the smartphone add ons and pricing.Also happy with the delivery time....received when promisedCould not have asked for more!!!

We bought this as a cheap replacement to use until our contract expires & it turns out that this phone is better then the one it replaced.  Highly reccommend

the person loved the phone and was greatful for it, no complaints on my end.  decent product for the price

I bought the phone because I drop my other one in water and it did not work.  I have no complaints about it and works great.  For a cheap phone I get a good signal wherever I am.  Seller shipped phone out right away.

I got this phone but not everything works on it. Its a pretty good phone tho. It lasted a while so it was ok.

Low reception sometimes. But it is worth for its price.  I would not recommend to my friends if they require better reception.

this phone is great when it comes to making a call,  no drop calls , there IS reception almost every where. long life in battery.but when it comes to sending a text,  OMG i would love to slam this phone on the ground and run over it a few times...  Did not know i had to answer so many questions as far as to send or reply a text.... MEANING=  send text to== add=== are you sure==== from recent sent list ====== or phone list ======== blah blah blah .  i had bought this thinking it was . just like pantech link. where its an ease to send a text..  if you need a phone with samsung features , just spend a litlle more and go with blackberry,  or i highly suggest pantech link 2, if ur just a text person... And have no need to use browse internet, or IM...  also keys are alot smaller then most phones.  not a good idea to have this phone if you text and drive..  serious you know who you are.  ~wink~  thats why i dont use touch screen, trying to be a lil safe but samsung will not help me there. So here i am again on amazon looking to buy a deal on a new pantech..hope this helps in some way.

This phone is nice, the writing on the keys are very tiny but other than that, it work perfect. I use it for backupWhen my smartphone goes on the blink. It works better and appears to be indestructible. Thanks

A unlocked ATT'phone has the QWERTY key board easy for text. Receiving not good even with 4 or 5 bars of signal strength. It works Ok for the price. Not recommended

Love this phone ! I am a grandma and  this is my first phone. Does exactly what I need and  love the clear instruction booklet  too. The charger is included  as well.Helps me to stay in touch too .....

I was looking for a phone for my son. Something easy to use for text, pics, and simple calling. This does all of that and a bit more and everything is working great. Very happy with this phone and a great price. We have tried other phones but have found the quality of this one to be much higher that all the other models simular to this. We have had this a week.

I would give 0 stars if I could.  It stopped working after 3 mths, wouldn't even turn on.  either the phone is horrible or they sent me a broken one.....

i dont have any problem with software but i have been given a handset which doesnt close well abpve the battrey... i emailed amazon but no reply

I hope you read this before you buy - this phone looks pretty good but here's my problem - I have a custom MP3 text tone I like to use (George Takei saying "Oh myyy") come to find out, you can't change the text tone to anything other than the six preset beeps and bops they have programmed in! No way to do it, won't let you. Soooo sad!The menu is really At&T; heavy as well so if you're going to use this on a T-Mobile network be prepared for useless menu options and the loss of your old standby T-Mobile options.One last thing it feels really cheap in your hands. Not really worth the $50.

I love the phone its really cute and lightweight. The problem I have is that at times its extremely fuzzy and I cannot hear what the other person is saying. It might be that this particular phone has a defect.........

I received this phone, charged it only to find that it does not work whatsoever. It will not even turn on. The only thing it does is begin to boot up and promptly shut down again. What a waste of time and money. I cannot believe a big seller like Unlocked Cell Phone Kings would sell something that is non-functional as a brand new working cell phone! The phone appears to be used, also and this is not indicated in the listing. This is listed as a new, working, unlocked phone. Nonsense!

I have used the phone for about 6 months and now my wife is using it. The phone is lightweight and holds charge for a long time. It has a large screen and picture quality is also good.

This phone sounded good in the write-up, but once we received it, we could see that it is very poor quality.  It is very light weight, and the materials used are extremely thin and flimsy.  You kinda know it's not going to last as soon as you take it out of the box.  I got this for my daughter, and it started dropping calls, and turning itself off after a few weeks of use.  It then started the annoyting habit of scrambling the screen, so nothing could be read.  It developed a buzzing noise that was very disruptive while in the midst of a call.  There are so many low priced phones that are undoubtedly better than this one.  I took it in to T Mobile to purchase a SIM card, and they said it was a promotional for ATT that got very poor ratings and was not offered for long because of it's inferior manufacture and service.  In reality, we used this phone for about four months, then replaced it.  Don't waste your money.

I BOUGHT IT TO REPLACE MY HUSBANDS PHONE AND HE SAID IT WAS ALRIGHT.  FOR JUST A PHONE SOMETIMES HE SAID HE HAD A HARD TIME HEARING ON IT.

Ceased to turn on at all after three months.  It did manage to get us past the AT&T contract renewal date, but that's all.

Phone often drops calls and loses service. I have used other ATT phone in the same spots so it was not the service area. Sometimes the calls don't even go through can the caller receives a busy signal when phone line is still open. Again, it wasn't the phone service, all other ATT phones I have ever had have never had problems like this.

I am not a big phone person. I don't like really like them and think of them more as a leash of sorts. So, when I had to buy a new one I knew what I needed. Cheap, simple and dependable. This phone was all these things. Super easy to get going when i got it in the mail. Part of the reason i chose this phone was because it had a keyboard. But-the keyboard is made for Tinkerbell fingers. I do not have sausage fingers- I assure you.-I have 20/20 eyesight and am a GenXer. But the keys on this sucker are so small that accurate quick texts are next to impossible.

Phone was very atractive nice new. but it didnt work for more than a day.. put the battery in charged it it worked until battery was a bout to die.. put it on charge to replenish it and after a few seconds on charge DEAD. thought it was the battery and ordered 2 off of ebay. but the same thin happend again. Just bad luck got a faulty phone

This phone is a peice of junk this is my second phone like this and they acted exactly the same way so its gota be a design problem

Very good product. Good features. It work fine for the reasons I want it: text and call, is the best

Good phone for temporary time. I used it for emergency period and now i have a galaxy 4, but the phone still works just fine

I bought this phone to replace a phone that had water damage.  The price was very reasonable.  The phone is great on calls and text messaging.  However, I do have trouble seeing the picture mails.  I guess there isn't enough mega pixels to retrieve the entire picture.  With that said, I do like this phone a lot.  I would still recommend it to others who are looking for an inexpensive unlocked cell phone.

i was so happy to find this type of phone. i have had two of them. they are just want i like, even though they are not like iphones.

Let's just say that, had I bought this phone two or three years ago, I'd have been happy with it. Thought I stayed with Samsung, I totally upgraded to the phone I really wanted as soon as I could.Cons: The tiny tiny keys, the lack of a good clear picture, and the camera stopped working after a month.Pros: It never dropped a call. Short recharge time

I really liked this phone.  Voice quality was excellent.  Texts were easy to send.  Ring tone for phone and texts were easy to hear.  There were only 2 things that I didn't like about this phone.  The keys for texting are very small.  If you have smaller that average fingers it might work out ok for you.  However, I have normal size women's fingers and it is almost impossible to text fast due to the small size of the keys without having a ton of spelling errors and letters that didn't even belong there.  The only other problem was that the battery didn't last long.  I am not a big cell phone user, but the battery would need charging everyday.  For the amount of time that I used the phone the battery should have lasted longer.  I am returning this phone and getting one with a larger keyboard.  Too bad because the voice quality was awesome and very user friendly.

I bought this phone for two reasons, it was given good reviews from buyers and it was a cheap way to sign up with AT&T go phone service.  This phone makes me nervous and it's not very dependable.  The call quality is awful.  The alarm feature stopped working after my 30 day return period (of course).  Sure this phone is packed with features but they aren't really useful when little details are lacking.  I would pass.

the phone didnt last for long, not even 6 months.The charger doesnt let it charge, i changed the charger thinking it is the charger but still nothing works.The phone just comes up shows that it is charging for a split second and then goes down and nothing happens.Totally a waste of money, even reg the phone features it is just a very basic phone so id suggest one can buy a cheaper phone.It was just used as my back-up for a week and once i needed it back after 6 months it never worked again.Wish I could return it.

i am not into hitec phones but i like this one. i dont need it to do any thing but let me talk and get my calls. but i really like that i can pay as i go. no contract, great!

I give this product and the company only 1 star, because the phone they sent me - Samsung A187 - doesn't have the original battery.  The battery is one of the most important parts of the phone.  It also means that the given description of the product is incorrect.I checked the battery after reading one of the reviews.  According to the review, the battery life is considerable shorter with a generic battery.Update:  The phone stopped working after a few hours.

Bought this phone a year ago and have really enjoyed it!  It is an outstanding basic messaging phone that has most of the key features one would want in a basic cell phone.  The camera does not take video, but takes a decent picture for on the go.  Texting is exceedingly easy because of a nice full keyboard and a very handy and useful shortcuts toolbar on the home screen.  This toolbar allows for placement of the features you would use most on the phone and is customizable.  Features such as calendar, camera, inbox, create a message, music player can all be added here.  The calendar is very easy to use and works well.  With school becoming increasingly busy, I have gotten in the habit of using this, and it has been great.  Bluetooth works well for file transfers, great address book.  Biggest drawbacks include lack of "real" music player.  By this I mean the phone will play individual audio files it finds, but you have to arrange the files into playlists that only hold 50 songs to string any number of songs together without having to close out and choose the next song file.  There is no separation of artists, song names, etc.  Also, when viewing photos taken by the phone, the picture you are reviewing is limited to a very small space within the screen, with no options to take advantage of the entire display.  This makes the photo so small it is necessary to send to a computer to see any amount of detail.  Other than this, the phone is great for a heavy texter!

Wall charger didn't work. Phone had a bad scratch on the screen and rebooted once. CS response good via e-mail.

Update...Sept. 2013I promised I would review this unlocked phone after using it in France.  I'm back & ready to review.Bottom line...it worked in France, it's OK for a few weeks a year but I wouldn't want it for my full time phone.The phone's keys extend beyond the flat surface of the keyboard so it is easy to accidentally key something while in your pocket. So I'd buy a hard case for it.I only used three capabilities...talk, texting & the alarm.  I did store local phone numbers & that worked.  Did not try the camera.Talking was fine, battery life fine.  Knowing which key to press next to accomplish a task is not very intuitive. Activating the speaker works once you figure it out.  Speaker volume fine.For texting, you write the message first, then add the phone numbers.  That's backwards from my USA phone.  Several times while adding phone numbers, I thought of something to add to the message but couldn't go back.  Saving as a draft seemed too time consuming.I could never get the alarm to work.  The manual supplied is very inadequate. I even went to the Samsung website & downloaded their full manual, but that was no help either.The unit is labelled an ATT phone & and an ATT start screen comes up even though it's unlocked.  My guess is that ATT set specification changes to the standard A187 that makes it non-standard.  This happened with my W385 Motorola with Verizon...it's not really a W385.All in all, it remains 3 stars for my purposes.  It works in France with a French SIM card for my limited uses.  I'll keep them (I bought a 2nd for my wife) another year or two, then look for something better.

I bought this phone because my old one couldn't hold a battery charge to save its life, despite all the new batteries I bought for it. This particular phone is one that if you are a small child, you will have a good ol time texting on. I, however, am an adult, so I add a lot of extra letters when texting. Like, I press three letters with one finger and then spend the whole time trying to backtrack to fix my spelling mistakes so people don't think I am a total idiot. It keeps its battery life, and the call quality is average. I don't think I would recomend it to anyone who would buy it as a two year phone, but it's an alright replacement untill the next upgrade.

I use this phone when I'm on the road because the battery life is better than my smartphone's. Great replacement phone if you just want to use it for text and making phone calls.

For texting, it's great.  For talking, the service seems a little bit more spotty than my last phone, which was a flip phone.  (Yes, I know, I'm behind in times.) Still, all in all, it works well.  Program-wise, it seems like it takes forever to get to certain features, but then again, I'm not the most tech savvy, and I may not have picked up on all the shortcuts yet.  Overall impression: pretty good.
