
I used to like LG cell phones until my wife and I got Revolutions.  I will never buy an LG cell phone again.  Any company that allows a piece of junk like this on the market is not worthy of my business.  My wife and I both experience the exact same issues that everyone else has described in these reviews.  The most frustrating thing is actually trying to make a phone call. DO NOT EVER expect to make a quick call with this phone.  It freezes up, starts up applications on its own, crashes, etc.  I told my wife numerous times that if my life was in danger and I needed to make a fast call to save my life, I WOULD BE DEAD trying to use this phone.  LG should be ashamed of itself.  This phone is not worthy of even one star, but unfortunately I can't give it a zero. This phone has prompted my wife and I to go with iPhones as soon as our Verizon contract is up.  Also, Verizon beware that we will be switching to another vendor because you enticed us with a special deal on this phone.  Android beware that you are losing us as customers because of the crappy Android phones that are put on the market!!

I first got this phone and was overall quite dissatisfied with it.  It was very laggy and had horrible battery life.  And I don't know what LG was thinking when they decided to use Bing.After doing some research, I uploaded a custom rom "GingerVolt", and since then the phone has been great.  Good battery life, fast, and I get my google apps integrated again...a nice upgrade from my old HTC Incredible.

I got this 4g LTE phone for my wife. Within one month i had to return it two times.**For some reason apps (e.g facebook) runs slow in this phones. Droid x 3g has better performance.**Some features are like DLNA compatibility are missing**This doesn't connect easily to some Bluetooth devices. Got a brand new Jawbone but not connecting.**Very often get frozen screens and have to reboot.**Its almost an year i haven't got any software update** Poor camera when compare with other phones like Droid.Bottom line..i won't recommend.

I've had this phone for a year and a half and I don't know how I've kept it so long. I text a lot and have always had issues receiving texts on it. It's hard to know exactly how bad the problem is b/c if I don't ever know if I missed a text until I talk to the person who sent it. But I know it's a lot. I never even got a message my close friend sent me about her getting engaged! I can't wait to smash this phone into the ground as soon as I can get a new phone. Verizon even sent me a replacement phone as well as trouble-shot with me several times to fix this issue, it has never been resolved. (Also, this phone restarts itself often, always when you're trying to tap the phone on.)

This phone is great except for the battery life.  To correct that I downloaded the JuiceDefender Ultimate app from the market and I went from about a day to 2 days between charging my battery.  I highly recommend getting that app even the free one for any android phone!

I first got this phone to upgrade from my Motorola 3G Droid, which was ok, but was looking forward to a better performing phone.  The first day, it was like Christmas - playing with it, learning all the features.  I was very happy!  By day TWO, the phone CRASHED, where I had to remove the battery and then replace it.  Without writing a whole novel, here's what I experienced during the following 3 weeks, at which point, Verizon mercifully exchanged this with an iPhone.  So, Verizon LG 4G Revolution SUCKS, and here's why:- BATTERTY LIFE is pitiful.  I had to charge this phone 1 - 2 times daily- Often, the phone won't respond to my "taps" unless I tap 2 or 3 times.- Phone stops responding to my input / taps / pinching (crashes) and I've lost count how many times I had to take the battery to "fix" it- Most of the time when I turned the phone off, it would turn on by itself- Most of the time, the service was 3G (not the 4G advertised)- Internet browsing is S-L-O-W (and I'm in NYC - lots of cell towers and availability)- Most texts took several minutes to actually get delivering, redefining "Instant Message."  Some tests remained in a perpetual "Sending" status, and never went at all!- When the Droid appeared unresponsive to my tapping input, I used a land line to call the phone to see if I'd least receive incoming calls in case of an emergency.  Nope...- Sometimes I'd be using the phone, and for no apparent reason, it'll reboot itself.- Often, I'll be on an app like Facebook on on a browser and I'll get a message, "Application SNS is not responding" and then shut down that app- Apps take upwards of a whole minute to open- I installed "App Killer" to shut off any apps I open to free up memory.  The list of "open apps" on the list are apps I did NOT open or do not recognize.  I try to select the apps to close, and they don't all close. (seems buggy - this was the case with the earlier Droid, as well)So, that's my list after just 3 weeks.  The honeymoon was quickly over.  You've been warned!

I thought 4.3 would feel bigger in my hand but is a great size and perfectly weight balanced. The matte finish means no slippery, cheap feeling and the thickness, while maybe thicker than other phones has no negative effect on usage, at least not to a grown man with normal sized hands.The Revolution is very fast and has handled everything I have thrown at it with ease. Plants vs Zombies, Need For Speed Shift, Peggle, Field Runners, ADW Launcher EX.As an experienced Android user I see no need to review the out of box software supplied by the phone maker. It's automatic for me to install ADW Launcher, SwiftKey X Keyboard, Z player for music and whatever Google stuff the phone maker neglected. The ability to do this is the strength of the Android platform.The battery life out of the box was simply sad, so what I wound up doing on the 3rd day was turn off data when I'm not using it. That took the battery life from the four hours on the first couple of days to over 13 hours.The 4G stuff means nothing to me as it is not available in my area. Even if it was the data caps imposed by the carriers have rendered it a non-issue. The pricing for data is way, way out of touch with reality.Looks like the LG Revolution fits into the most bang for your buck category. I highly recommend it.

really wish LG didn't force bing on this thing.Was perfectly happy with all my other Android phones using google search/voice search.  But not, this thing comes preinstalled with Bing.It wouldn't be a big deal, except that the 'search' button on the bottom is tied to the Bing search and Bing voice search.What's up with that?LG, you suck.now, onto the phone itself.Great touch screen, although the colors look a bit dull.  The blacks aren't very black, and the contrast appears to be set a little too low.  Not good compared to my Droid and Droid 2.4G resets the phone a few times a day.  I don't know whether it's just my unit or not.Comes pre-installed with tons of bloatware that Verizon put on, including VZ Navigator.  Seriously, VZ Navigator (pause for laughter).  Google has a free navigation service which kicks ass, and LG/Verizon want to put VZ Navigator on.  What a joke.Speakerphone is nice and loud, very clear too.Headphones sound great, and my bluetooth headphones connected right up, no fuss at all.The default launcher is ok, but it places a 'current screen marker' at the top, which takes up like a half-inch of the display.  Why they would do this baffles me, they should put it on the bottom or make it an option to turn on or off.Launcherpro isn't that great with this phone, as it seems to resize widgets randomly.3G is very good though.Can't wait until somebody makes a custom ROM for this thing, maybe then it would move up to 5 stars.  but for now, with Bing, 1.end

First, this phone is amazing if you are able to keep it plugged in. 4g is faster than my home internet. The interface is simple to use and straightfoward. I love this phone for everything but 2 reasons.1. The battery life is the worst thing I have ever experienced. I get to work at 630 am and the phone is stone cold dead by 1pm. This is not me spending the entire time surfing the 4g network. This is 15-20 texts, checking my email in the morning, and possibly one quick websearch. I tried turning off the 4g and just using 3g (as I had read that the 4g sucks power like crazy) I spent the day about the same way, and this time my phone was dead by 12:30.This in and of itself is a dealbreaker.2. When I checked my email this morning I discovered that I had sent a virus to not just my entire address book, but the phone book as well. Keep in mind I change my email password bi-weekly, have downloaded zero apps that aren't from google or highly recommended by multiple sources (pc magazines, etc) There is no reason for my email to have been hacked this quickly. This is also with the highly vaunted BitDefender installed.Good luck if you decide on this phone. It does everything you could want it to, but at the expense of dragging you back to the days of corded phones. I need a mobile phone, not one that has to remain plugged in to function.

I am on my third LG Revolution 4G LTE phone from Verizon.  It freezes up at random times and is very unresponsive.  Pass on this one.  There are many 4G LTE options, and I would go with probably just about any other one than this.  This is a good phone in theory, but who wants to deal with a phone that you have to take completely apart and take the battery out to reset it.  It won't even respond to a long press on the on/off switch.  I got my first Revolution in November, Second in January, now it is March and I'm on my third.  I should have known better.  I had an LG flip phone before and it was also crap.  I tried to give them another chance, but I am done with LG all together.  Here is a list of the problems I've had with this phone:1.  Freezing at random times2.  Being unresponsive during texts3.  Being unresponsive when navigating apps (Progressing...)4.  A tremendous amount of preloaded bloatware, slowing down the phone.  This is Verizon's fault.5.  The built in browser sucks - Firefox is a disaster on this phone too.6.  Bluetooth enabling causes Pandora to freak out and you have to force close it.7.  Bluetooth devices are often not recognized and you have to manually enable them through the phone, annoyingly.8.  It is truly GIGANTIC.  Although in its defense, all the 4G LTE phones are enormous.  It does not fit in pockets well.  Someone with small hands would liken this to a tablet.9.  Tethering on this device is segmented.  It will download the first few Mbps of data and then stop all together.10.  Around the edges of the screen, a "white part" is shown when the screen is lit.  All three of my Revolutions have had this flaw.  It shows shoddy craftsmanship.  Considering the expense of the phone, it should be a little better than that.  If you get it for free, who cares.11.  Only fragments of longer texts are transmitted.  For example, if someone texts you something longer than 3 or 4 lines, you might not get all of the text.  I was told by a Verizon rep that I needed to go to Settings, Wireless & Network Settings, Mobile Networks, Global data roaming access and enable Global data roaming to correct the problem.  This did absolutely nothing for the problem.  It is a phone or network problem, but this is a continuing problem.Good things about the phone:1.  Voice searches (iPhone users of Siri will like this feature)2.  It is pretty fast on internet data, much faster than any iPhone, as apple is behind the 4G LTE power curve3.  You can use Swype on this phone.

Pros - Swype, pinch, netflix, folder organization/customize,LED indicator, camera features, storage, VoLTECons - Battery, slow internetI was a loyal Blackberry user and when my contract came due decided to jump ship solely to check out the 4G network and because I have found myself at a disadvantage not having the variety and quality of apps offered by Droid and iPhone.  I decided against the iPhone beause of it's lack of wireless sync capabilities and removable battery.  However, depending on how this goes, will switch to the iPhone because of it's reliability and secure applications as opposed to the open Droid market, which makes your phone vulnerable to viruses.I use my phone mostly for work email, web surfing and light gaming such as angry birds.  Several things about the Droid that are not as convenient as the Blackberry is that the Blackberry was designed such that actions are accomplishable with very few key presses such as changing sound profiles.  Also, email reconciliation is not nearly as easy.  I'm used to having the option of deleting emails off of both my handheld and the account. On the Droid, because it is synced to your home email account, whatever is on that home email account, is what is on your device.  I spent time deleting emails and then right away, they were back on the handheld.  One way around this is to move items to your email folders - create a "deleted" email folder and then when you get to work delete the contents manually.  This is a pain, because who wants to read their emails twice? Once on the phone and once on the email when you get to work to reconcile it.  The copy and paste feature on the Droid is extremely limited.  You can't copy a line out of an email and paste it into another email.  That is disappointing.Things I love on the LG Revolution:  Swype technology, pinch technology, Netflix comes pre-loaded, and the most important thing is being able to organize all the apps into categories and folders.  To my knowledge, this is the only Droid that allows this feature, and coming from a Blackberry, this is a Major plus!!!  I also love that it has an LED indicator light.  Again to my knowledge, this is the only 4G Droid that Verizon carries with that feature.  I received misinformation about this from the Verizon customer service reps - I went to three stores to inquire about this phone and no one could tell me any specifics about the phone that make it different from the rest.  I even pointed out the indicator light to a guy asking if that is indeed what it was and he said no, it only tells you if it is plugged in.  And I've noticed that it is red when it is pluggled in, green when it is charged, and blue when I have a new message and it is off when there are no messages.  I also love the notification center.  I can swipe down from the top of the main screen and not only see what I have that is new, but I can click on it and it will take me direcly to it.  The screen is crisp and clear, not as good as the Charge, but hands down superior to the HTC Thunderbolt.  The LG also comes with 16GB internal storage which is the most of any of the LTE offerings.  This phone also scores higher than both of the other devices in Quadrant usually getting me 2100.  Granted not dual core territory, but great for single core.  Menus and games move quickly and smoothly.  I also really love the camera with advanced settings.  I realize it's a 5 megapixel and the Droid has 8 - but in  comparison, my Blackberry had 3 and I'm very happy with the Revolution.  Besides, this will only matter if you plan on downloading your photos and expanding them.  Most of my photos I keep on my phone.  I also love that the phone has VoLTE built in, which is nice but the service won't be turned on until next year.  This was a huge selling point for me because it's the only Verizon LTE that has this feature.Things I don't love - this is just an adjustment, but it is not as intuitive as the Blackberry - the developers didn't think of every little thing like they do with Blackberry.  Instead, all the functionality exists, but through individual applications.  But this is a function of the Droid software and not an issue with the phone itself.  I don't mind the battery as much.  It is middle of the road between HTC (worst) and Charge (best).  I have a car charger and a computer cable, so I have it plugged in all the time.  But I leave the house at 8am and have to plug it in at 2:30 after only very light use.  Initially, I was really unhappy with Bing.  I tried to override the system by downloading Google apps.  However, what I found is the system didn't like Google as a web browser and took forever load pages.  With Bing it was much better, so I've learned to deal with it.  I'm also experiencing VERY SLOW internet speeds in general, which might have been a function of the above attempt to override - after the below issues I did a hard factory settings reset and it improved a little but not much.  The 3G is taking about 40 seconds to load, which is 4 times slower than my Blackberry 3G.  I also "raced" a friend on her iPhone with 3G and in every case her websites popped up at least one second before me.  4G is better but it is equivalent to the 3G on my Blackberry and I expected much faster.  So, I called Verizon and they seem to think it is odd and that the problem might be with my unit.  I will test the new one to find out if the problem still exists, if so, then that will be a deal-breaker for me and I'll be switching to the iPhone.One issue I have with the software and not with the phone is GoogleVoiceSearch.  It works great for website interface, but does not accurately utilize the commands of "call" "text" or "email" utilizing my contacts.  So I downloaded the contacts to gmail (which can be done easily using the "share" feature), but that didn't work either.  I went to the store to test this out on the Charge and found the same thing, so this is not a problem with the LG, but rather with the Droid software.Before getting the Revolution I compared the Thunderbolt and the Charge.  All of the Verizon salespeople tried to convince me into the Charge, but I feel that it's only because of the screen.  People seem to be drawn to pretty lights.  It really is incredible but it is the only thing that is better than the others.  Based on the specs alone, it's obvious that the Revolution is a superior phone, the salespeople just haven't been trained on the phone and it hasn't been out there long enough to really identify the differences.  The HTC only has a kickstand - everything else is inferior to the previously two phones.  The poor battery life took it immediately out of the running for me.

Sorry, wished i had my old clam shell phone back. This phone chews ups the battery as fast as I can charge it. At my work it will last 4-5 houres on a full charge if I dont use it. At least my old phone could last a couple days under the same conditions.

This phone is no better than my original Motorola Droid...PROS: Screen, Swype, Camera/videoCONS: Don't even think about just entering an address and using the GPS.. It takes at least 1 minute to find a GPS singnal.Comes with BING (F Microsoft)SLOW to Charge. (~ 2 hours for a full charge)Has a dozen or so apps you cannot removetexting is horrible... you better hope your friend sent you only one line of text cus thats all the screen allows you to see after the half inch bar for their name and the keyboard automatically pops up.internet browsing is VERY slow to connect.Google Voice Search is almost inoperable on it.. too slow..Touchscreen lacks proper sensitivity.Overall.. Do not buy this phone!!!

Verizon currently offers 3 phones with 4G capabilities; the other two being the Samsung Charge and the HTC Thunderbolt.  Each one of them have their pros and cons.  I chose the Revolution (Revo) because of the HDMI out capabilities (Charge has it too, Thunderbolt doesn't), preloaded Netflix, and the sleek, all black form factors.  To dispel any rumors regarding the RAM on the Revolution, it has 512MB total, not the commonly misquoted 768MB.  Because of the black form factor it's easy to miss the extra length it has below the light keys; in which it is ever so slightly that much longer than the other two 4G phones(not much in my opinion).  The Revo is also the heaviest of the three options as well (ever so slight difference in my opinion).*Month Long Experience*Regarding Bloat WareYes the LG Revolution has a ton of crappy Bloat Ware including Bing, but this can easily be removed from your Home Screen and replaced with Google.  What you can't do is delete them completely off your phone nor can you change your fixed key search button without rooting.  Not a big deal in my opinion.Regarding Battery LifeAll in all I can last roughly 8 hours with moderate use before the phone dies on me.  Turning off your Data and using WiFi can add an additional 2 hours or so to that.  I travel quite a bit, so the easiest solution for me was to buy an external usb battery; which I keep plugged into the phone and in my travel bag.  Problem solved.KeyboardThe LG Keyboard is functional, but I feel not as good as the HTC Sense keyboard.  I downloaded the "Thumb Keyboard" app to replace.  Problem solved.  There are other options, I suggest you demo the apps and find the one that works best for your phalanges.Signal/4GI have noticed that all 4G phones have a tendency to switch back and forth from 3g to 4G even in areas with relatively good 4G signals.  You'll find your network capabilities stall while it's wavering.  With that being said, from my unscientific field tests and looking at reviews on youtube, I believe the Revo has the weakest antenna of the three.  My friend's Charge was getting a 12mb/s transfer rate using the "Speedtest" app, while I was getting 8mb/s in the same spot.  My phone also had a tendency to toggle between 3G and 4G more often.  Will that make a huge practical difference?  Probably not.  You can download the "Open Signal" app to point you in the direction of the cell tower to help.Front Facing Video ChatBecause of variability of manufacturers and phones, it is hard for video chat app programmers to get the front facing camera (FFC) to work on all phones.  The LG Revo is no exception.  Currently, the ony video chat app that supports the LG Revo FFC is "Tango".  It worked like a charm for me after the update.  I just wish they had a desktop version though.  Android 2.3 will potentially take care of this issue with FFCs(although there has been no word of any 2.3 update for the Revo).Web BrowserThe web browser on the Revo seems pretty standard.  I seem to get better performance using "Opera mini".Fixed KeysIn hindsight, I think I prefer the physical keys on the Charge because I realized my fingers have a tendency of accidently sliding over on to one of the lighted fixed keys while texting or playing games more often than not.Netflix AppProbably one of the coolest things on this phone.  Often times while waiting for a flight, I will plug into my external usb battery pack and watch away.  (I haven't gone to an airport yet that didn't have 4G).Summary:I think if I had to do it all over again I would have gotten the Samsung Charge (Super AMOLED screen, better battery life, and a possibly stronger antenna).  For what it's worth, the LG Revolution isn't a bad choice at all and with all the quick fixes I mentioned you can customize your phone to overcome many of it's shortcomings.

LG hasn't really been known in the past for their high end phones.  Usually you have seen them mainly in the freebie bins. Though with the recent releases of both the X2 and now the Revolution it seems that LG is trying to change the way they are precieved.  And in my eyes, they have done well so far.I am going to say this right off the bat, the battery is neither horrible nor is it great. Unplugged at 7AM the battery with moderately heavy usage it usually makes it past 6PM with around 10% left. Thats with a few phone calls, moderate surfing (I live and work in a 4G area and usually have 2-4 bars) running of apps/games and of course some Netflix and HBO GO usage. Some days vary though and I need to recharge before 6PM.  So as with any other LTE phone, you may want to have a spare charger around with you.  Keep in mind though, my battery is in no way fully conditioned, so hopefully it will improve some. With the battery thing out of the way you will be greeted with a spectacular phone. The screen is crisp and clear. Not as good as the Droid Charge, but hands down superior to the HTC Thunderbolt.The phone also comes with 16GB internal storage which is the most of any of the current LTE offerings.  This phone also scores higher than both of the other devices in Quadrant usually getting me 2100. Granted not dual core territory, but great for a single core. Menus, games and the internet move quickly and smoothly.  And chances are if you are looking at this phone, LTE is probably the most imporant thing on your mind.The phone , like the other LTE devices, ships with Froyo 2.2.2 and hopefully Gingerbread will be out shortly.  Lg has been speedy in getting Gingerbread out for the X2 so hopefully they'll have the same diligence with the Revolution, but we can only speculate with that.  The phone also has VoLTE built in, which is nice but the sevice won't be turned on until next year.A quick run down of differences/advantages between the current LTE phones:Screen - (Droid Charge with the Super AMOLED+)Screen/Menu Responsiveness - (LG revolution)4G Speed - (All Even)3G Speed - (Revolution has the newest verisons)3G Data and Voice - (Thunderbolt can only do this)VoLTE - (Revolution only, but again the service is turned off)Battery Life Usage - (Charge 660min > Revolution 435min> Thunderbolt 378min)RAM - (Thunderbolt & Revolution @ 768MB, Charge @ 512MB)Onboard Memory - ( Revolution @ 16GB/14GB (installed/usable) Thunderbolt @ 8GB/2.5GB Charge 2GB/??)Max Memory - (Revolution 48GB, Thunderbolt 40GB, Charge 34GB)Camera - (Charge by far has superior Cameras than not only both phones but mostly every phone currently available save the Galaxy S II)Netflix - (Revolution only)HDMI - ( Revolution & Charge only)All in all, you'll have advantages in some areas and will fall short in others. The Revolution is a well rounded LTE offering and in my opinion was enough to warrant a purchase and 2 year contract from me.  If you're looking to get the fastest phone out there, you may want to look at one of the new dual core offerings, but know this, you'll be stuck on 3g. If you want LTE and want to lock yourself into unlimited 4g before Verizon switches over to tiered internet this should be your phone of choice.  Dreams of a dual core phone with unlimited LTE support most likely got killed with the delay of the Bionic.

I bought this phone the day it came out and so far i have no regrets. the phone is quite big but feels good in hand, has good build quality. the display is very nice and bright. i like the LG UI, most people may not but i think it's pretty easy to use, pretty plain and simple. in the apps menu the icons are in separate catagories that you can expand and minimize so you dont just have 3 pages of junk to scroll through, you can also add, delete and rename catagories and move your icons between them. i thought it was a nice touch because i cover my home screens in large widgets and don't have many shortcuts so it saves me from searching through all my apps. the 1Ghz processor handles everything with ease, there's a little lag from time to time but i've seen that from dual core phones as well. of course there are some things i don't like, the main dislike being the keyboard, don't care for swype either, but no big deal downloaded gingerbread keyboard for free in market. another downside is the camera, only 5 MP, again no big deal, i have two cameras that are better than any phone camera. also the battery life is a little shorter than on my droid and i don't have 4G in my area yet so it is only going to get worse, but right now it's good enough. as far as the weight, i don't seem to notice any extra heft, it's only 6 ounces. great phone definitely recommend.

I have read a lot misinformation on the LG Revolution, but I always liked it best at the store from the single core 4g phones and picked it up real cheap online last week.In short this phone is GREAT!Bottom line, coming from the original Moto Droid, the LG Revolution is a grand slam, home run.The screen looks great, the user interface is very intuitive and easy to get to use and actually enhance users experience.The phone is lightning fast and oh so smooth compared to my old moto droid I upgraded from.The signal reception is at least twice what my last 3g phone was, and call quality is at least twice as good. This thing has great reception.The camera and software are night and day compared to my old moto droid. This thing focuses in a second or shorter and takes great looking picts. Its super fast and the software is very easy to use.Believe it or not folks, all smart phones have terrible battery life compared to dumb phones. Get over it! Crying about battery life with a smart phone is like complaining about putting gas in a car. IT'S A FACT OF LIFE! Not an issue with any particular phone. Some get better mileage than others, but all require you to bring your charger with you if you're going to be out all day.As for my Revolution and battery life, its at least twice as long as my moto droid with the same usage and settings. I always brought my charger with me using the old phone and I'm sure I will for all my smartphones including this one, but this one is like a breath of fresh air to my original droid.I have not had one single issue with the phone I couldn't resolve as part of the natural learning curve of owning a new phone. Sometimes it really is "operator error."Get the LG Revolution at the low prices it's at now while you can.You won't be disappointed.

I use the phone primarily for work yet use it rather lightly beyond phone and email features. In the few days that I've had this phone I find two major issues with it:Battery life: With default settings and services (email, WiFi, Bluetooth, etc) enabled the battery lasts approximately 5 hrs! Besides killing services I don't, like music and SNS, I had to disable WiFi and Bluetooth to get the phone to last 10 hrs. It becomes necessary to carry the charger and scan for power outlets wherever you are so you can be sure to have batter power left when you really need itPhone: I have about 900 contacts imported into my phone, ever since I did that the phone app has become very slow. Launching the phone app takes ~10 sec, switching to call log, takes another ~10 sec and switching to contacts from the phone app takes ~15 sec. Accessing contacts directly from the home screen takes about the same time. When the phone is switching to each of these screens (phone app, call log or contacts) the phone shows a blank white screen and no other function can be used durign this time.I switched to LG Revolution from Blackberry Tour 9630 to make take advantage of the Android app store but I regret the decision now. Despite the modest app store, Blackberry now seems like a much better option.

I've had this phone for five months. At first, I was excited and happy to own it. The screen was huge, it had a cool design, and everything was awesome.But, when you own something after a certain amount of time, you begin to notice a lot of errors and mistakes. After my first month of having this phone, I immediately began to regret my decision with buying this phone.What is wrong with it:1. It's slow. Or, that's really the only way I can describe using this phone. Want to pull up an application or ANYTHING in general? Expect your signal to suddenly go out, your phone to restart, a black screen pop up, your phone lock up for minutes, or the screen just freeze. Not only that, but the keyboard takes forever to catch up with you typing. I'm not the speediest with touch screen keyboards, but I'm pretty fast at the very least and it'll freeze and then all of a sudden my text will pop up.2. Out of nowhere, it'll turn on airplane mode. I was going to show my Professor a website on my phone and it all of a sudden turned on airplane mode and refused to turn off. I tried restarting my phone, taking the battery out, waiting a little bit, a lot of options. It finally let me turn off airplane mode, but it still continues to randomly turn on.3. Not only will airplane mode randomly come on, I will have no bars in a place I KNOW has Verizon towers nearby. I went a week without texts or phone calls, my phone just refused to receive or send anything.I have taken this phone to Best Buy, and when I showed the associate my phone, she immediately set it down and apologized that someone sold me this phone. She pulled her computer screen to me and showed how an update for this phone to fix all of its issues won't be out for another year. There is NOTHING you can do to fix this phone until the update comes out. It is the phone itself. A refurbished or mass reset will doing nothing but push back the problems.Withhhhhhhhhh all that said, VERY, and I mean VERY few LG Revolutions have problems with some people. However, this phone is a disaster to 95% of the people who own it.

Some people may not want the fact that they have messages displayed on the top of all pages. The messaging screen is UGLY and takes up huge amounts of real estate. Highly inefficient user resources. Selected text words are not automatically entered into the user dictionary.  This is just lack of attention to details.

I was told at Verizon that this new phone from LG had a better battery life than the Thunderbolt, not true. We bought about 25 Thunderbolts and we've not had any complaints from our guys. The LG Revolution is used very moderately will be at at at 15-25% in 4-5 hours. The 4G speed is good if you don't mind surfing while plugged in.

I have had the LG revolution for 2.5 weeks, and overall the phone is pretty good.Speed - It is not laggy (the reason why I didn't want to by the charge was that it was very laggy in store vs the Revo).  I get quadrant scores of 1900-2080 without any modifications.  I've played a variety of 3D games, and had absolutely no issues.  Internet browsing is phenomenal with 4G.  Best download speed was 10mb/s (average 4-6), worst was 2mb/s.  Best upload was 6mb/s (average 2mb/s, but upload is a lot more inconsistent than download speeds), worst upload was 125kb/s.Battery Life - For regular usage I usually get about 12-14 hours of usage before it is dead (this is why I chose it over the TB, I know people who have it, and with similar usage they were seeing about 3-4 hours less of use).  I do some texting, check work email throughout day during meetings, and usually play a game for about an hour (like ab, or other random ones).  When using the phone aggressively with browsing and streaming and games pretty much non stop it can be used up within 6-8 hours.  If I do not touch the phone it drops an average of 2-3% per hour, so based on that I think you'd get about 30 hours stand-by time (my work email is still syncing with it in background, and I have advanced task killer killing apps once an hour).  With that said I've watched the battery charge closely (wall charger) and it takes 2.5 hours with the phone on for a full charge from zero, so every minute of charging gets you 5 minutes of use.  But when I turn the phone off, the phone charges fully in 1 hour, so every minute of charging gets you 14 minutes of use.  Also turning it to 3G showed some improvement, I got about 2 more hours of average use out of it, but when I browsed the internet it was just so slow compared to 4G, so I no longer turn off 4G.  I did use speaker phone one day for an hour straight, and it drained the battery by about 10% (not bad at all).Call Quality - Calls are fine, volume is good, and speaker phone volume is good.  I have had 1 instance where someone didn't hear me completely, not sure if it was this phone or there's.Notification light - This feature should be standard on all phones, so thankfully the Revo has it.HDMI Output - This worked great, I tried it with Netflix, angry birds.  It doesn't just show multimedia; it shows the phones screen as well.  Honestly this is probably the one time I will every use the HDMI output, but still not to shabby.Netflix Quality - This is a nice feature, now available on almost any phone that is worth buying.  But with my use on 4g it streams well, there are points where it seems to be running maybe at a bit of a lower frame rate that is noticeable, but nothing that really affects my viewing experience.  Also I do have to turn off auto for the display brightness and have to put it on max brightness, once again not a big deal for the 5-6 times a month I watch something on Netflix on here.Screen - It is bright, not too bad.  If you are always outside, it is readable, but this is where the Droid Charge screen dominated.  It is very glossy, so I bought a screen protector with anti glare.  4.3" screen is nice, a bit awkward for one hand texting.Build Design/Quality - Phone feels very sturdy.  The rubberized material on the back feels nice, but one note is a very small part of the rubberized material on my phone started rubbing off already.  Not sure why, it has never encountered a solid surface rubbing against it, this is the one thing that actually disappointed me.  Otherwise one small thing is the charging ports have covers.  I had an LG as my last phone, and it had the same design for the charging port, and made it 2 years no problem without any signs that it would fall off.UI - The LG UI some people have said they dislike on reviews some don't mind it, I think ultimately it is basic.  The Apps area I have seen people state it doesn't show things alphabetically, but you can change that by choosing list on the settings in there.  Screen transitions are fast.  The most annoying thing this phone has is the messaging program that comes with it.  When you get a text it opens the keyboard right away, and almost hides the entire text that just came.  The intent was to be able to text back without having to hit a button for the keyboard.  The LG keyboard isn't too bad, I can type fast with it, but as for the word recognition, I've seen better.  The screen lock feature wasn't an issue until I read a forum where someone mentioned they get success about 50% of the time.  I didn't even notice but that is absolutely true, if you wait one second before trying it works fine (so it is related to some sort of load time to turning screen on and being ready to be unlocked, widget locker shall remedy this).  Gingerbread will come out eventually, supposedly. To be honest the phone works well, and I have not run into any issues without having gingerbread yet, so this is really not a big deal (only big deal with it is the ideology that an OS that is a year'ish old should be put on new equipment.  It should be on there, but it really doesn't change anything for me either way)...Bing - Not completely sure what the deal with putting Bing on the phone, but all items on the screen are customizable.  The one integration that everyone uses that you cannot change without rooting is in the standard browser, when you type in address bar section to search it uses Bing.  Some people just use other browsers anyways so it's a non issue.  For me I don't mind I just use the Google search bar widget (which I would have used anyways), or occasionally Bing if I am already browsing (it's not that bad...)Camera - This isn't to bad, for a cell phone camera I am happy.  If I had an 8 Megapixel (like the charge), I know the extra quality wouldn't affect the random pictures I take, quality is still good enough to be crisp on the Revo 5 megapixel.  The flash works well.  The zoom works well.  The features within the camera app are pretty good.  There is a Panoramic feature, but this is absolutely useless, it creates a picture but it has overlap and some areas that show double, I tried it about 20 times and still couldn't get 1 picture that would be usable.  Front facing camera, works seems fine.So compared to all the other 4G LTE's as of today, it's faster than the Droid Charge (I was on the fence to get the Charge, but I just can't stand lag.  The charge just gets to laggy very quickly, But the droid charge has a lot more development going on which will possibly remedy this, and the battery on the Droid Charge is significantly better), Revos battery lasts longer than the TB (Between the TB and this they are extremely similar all around, minus the battery, and the TB has more development going on).  The Bionic is coming out shortly, but the price tag vs. what I paid for the Revo covers my Netflix subscription for the next 2 years for streaming, or lets me cancel my contract earlier to get a better phone in a year.  And anyways the software needing dual core still has a ways to go for variety and quantity (the phone isn't 100% future proof, but I think it is 2 year proof).  For a single core phone, it is as fast as it gets.  Overall this phone has yet to disappoint.

My husband and I got these phones, theLG Revolution 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless), as upgrades - mine from a Blackberry.  So it was a big change for me.  I've read the other reviews, and most of the longer ones are pretty organized and accurate.  Our associates at Verizon were well-informed on technical details, and made sure to recommend the extended batteries with our purchase - which we got at a discount as part of the package. So that was something that wasn't a surprise.I didn't know much about the phone except that it was the 'new' thing and something akin to a small computer.  I spent the entire weekend playing with it, and on Monday I was startled when it rang - or spoke - and it was a dr's office calling to find out why I wasn't there!  I had been so engrossed with the phone, learning it's intricassies and apps, that I'd forgotten my appointment.

I traded in my iPhone 3GS for the LG Revolution a few weeks ago, and it's been like a night-and-day experience.  I liked the iPhone, but I didn't realize how sluggish it was until I tried the LG on the Verizon 4G LTE network.  Using Speedtest, the LG is literally 100x faster, and I live and work in a urban area with good coverage.  Granted, I am comparing apples to oranges (i.e. 3G to 4G), but I still didn't expect that much improvement.I appreciate the larger size of the Revolution, since it's much easier to view, to read, and to type on.  All the apps I regularly used on the iPhone (maybe two dozen) are available on Android, so that hasn't been an issue.  The music and photo management programs are comparable to iTunes so, in my opinion, that's been an easy transition.In fact, the only thing about the Revolution that I didn't like was the default Verizon / Bing browser, and the LG keyboard interface.  The latter about drove me crazy because its predictive texting was anything but logical.  For example, you type in F-L-O, and it changes it to T-O-Y.  Both were swapped out easily in the settings.

I purchased this smartphone on Saturday for $0.01, and first just let me say that AmazonWireless shipped it out that day, and I had it at around 1:40pm on Monday.I have been messing around with it all day, and so far my pros/cons are as follows:PROS~NETFLIX Works wonderfully right after you get signed in~It synced with Amazon Unbox Player rather effortlessly, and I got 22 TV episodes and 2 Movies loaded easily and quickly.~Camera/VidRecorder is great (my last one was 2MP though)~The 4G is faster then my laptop~The size of the phone is a perfect fit (for my hands anyways), and the touchscreen is perfectly responsive~The Virtual Qwerty Keyboard is perfect, the buttons are well spaced and I'm already adjusted to it (Hate SWYPE though, not because it doesn't work, just not my style)~The 7 Home Screens as well, nice to have different screens for different apps/widgetsCONS~My main dislike is BING, I'm a long-time GOOGLE user so that's what I'm comfortable with.~Obviously with everything there is to do on this phone the battery isn't lasting more than 6 hours (I was getting it all set-up, and testing out everything I could though). I bought this planning on purchasing the Charging Dock which comes with a spare battery, as I'd read most the reviews on here, and everyone was whining about the battery life.As far as I'm concerned having to pay $49.99 for a Charging Dock and a spare Battery, and maybe paying $5 to get a Google App is fine by me when I got it for a penny and love everything else!

Internet speed is faster than my Comcast at home~Issue is that Verizon is charging additional $30 for hotspot/tethering mode..which is too much...Everything is fine...except battery, it dies after 9 hours of operation...(I switched email setting to 15min fetching, that helps..)

For the most part this is a fantastic phone. All the features I would expect, speed is just fine, and 4G works as expected. I am coming from a HTC Sensation (moving from T-mobile) and functionally, it works just fine.People are not joking about the battery life; this is the worst I've ever had on a phone. Last night, I charged it up @ 10pm, by 10 AM I was having to charge it again. I almost went dead overnight, without any use. I've had it 5 days and just for giggles, I checked my old Sensation, and while the battery was low, it was still active.Not impressed.

Once I got over the magic of having better apps than a blackberry, I find it very frustrating to use this device b/c the keyboard and programs become non responsive.  It works VERY slow and I can't uninstall the Verzion apps that came with the phone.  I can't figure out what is making it run so poorly.It also will randomly shut off every once in a while when I guess reaches a certain point of being unresponsive and it just crashed and reboots the operating system.

After about 6 months with this phone I am switching to another phone at full retail.  I am on my third copy right now.  The first one started to discharge the battery faster than it could charge. It dropped from approximately 80% on an extended battery to 30% within a few minutes and became hot to the touch.  A few months later the replacement phone was found dead after I came back from 3 week trip.  In my hasty departure for the airport I did accidentally leave it plugged in without the battery but I don't think this should have killed it.  When I got back it simply refused to turn on.  Verizon replaced this one with my current copy.My current copy performs horribly.  In navigation mode, sometimes it takes several minutes to acquire the GPS. I understand that it may take a while for the phone to acquire the GPS when the GPS is first enabled, however, I have stopped disabling the GPS when it is not in use because of this and it continues to have this problem.  Another very frustrating behavior of my current copy is that it has a tendency to restart itself when you initiating the navigator from google maps.Problems that I have experienced with all 3 phones that I have had include:1. Apps would randomly stop, even apps that do not rely on data service.  This is actually the reason why I am switching to another phone.  It's not an issue if I'm driving a car, however, its a pain in the .. to pull over, take off my gloves, take out my phone, unlock, and restart the app when I'm on my motorcycle.2. The phone sometimes requires a reboot to get the data service to work.

The LG Revolution is a nice phone Netflix makes it a good buy, but the phone has some quirks that I find hard to fathom. The device will reset itself without me wanting it to. Now getting message that content "Couldn't Install On USB Storage Or SD Card". It is driving me crazy and the fixes don't help since the file is in a hidden file that I cannot find with ASTRO or Root Explorer. I like the phone but the "Couldn't Install On USB Storage Or SD Card" has and needs to be addressed.

I bought LG revolution after visiting a verizon wireless store.After I bought and used it for 10-15 days, I realized that the main problems with this device are:1) BatteryI had to charge the device at least 2 times a day (appox. every 8-10 hours) with very minimal usage (2-3 phone calls and little bit of data usage). I think it took longer than usual to charge the battery as well as compare to other smartphones.2) Weight of deviceThe phone is a little bukly too. I would like to have a lighter device since it is a mobile device.On brighter side, the phone resolution was good, screen was very responsive, hardware specifications are nice too.Because of the problems I faced, I am returning this device and getting samsung droid charge. The Battery of Droid charge is better and phone is lighter too.

To start off, I would like to say that this phone is outstanding!  It's very fast and has a great display and color.  Another thing I like is that the sensitivity of the touch screen just seems to feel right.  It doesn't feel overly sensitive but you also don't need to band at the icons before they notice.  The regular camera imo takes pretty good pictures for a phone.  They are clear and look like they were taken with a digital camera.  The front facing camera however is not nearly as clear and I would only recommend using it for taking face shots in extremely good lighting or video chatting.The weight and size of the phone are a little on the above average side.  The size is bigger than an iphone or other competing smartphones and the phone feels a little heavier, but these are two things you get used to very very fast.  You won't even notice after a couple days at most.The only con I have is the battery life and to myself it's not even that big of a deal.  I can have pretty extensive data usage throughout a day and I was averaging about 4 or so hours on 3G.  So expect very high data usage using only 4G to be a little bit worse.  The easy fix to this is to simply have the phone charging whenever you're at home or sitting at your desk in the office.  And if you really want to get crazy about it, charge it when your driving if you want to.  This isn't necessary though.Overall, I give this phone 4 stars.  The only thing keeping it from a 5 star rating is the battery life.  I would recommend this phone to anyone.

I would get this phone if you do not have to use it all day. What I mean is that is in sleep a lot of the time. I would say the battery about 5 hours. You don't want to play  games for too long  on this phone because it drains the battery. The phone is big. The screen size is a bout the size of the iphone. This is good because you can use the internet easier. Its also bad because it falls out of my pockets alot.This phone is now pretty much my ipod. It is  a lot louder and you can boost the base,vocals,trebel  or expansive.When using the speakers with the phone theyre good but if people are talking or something else is loud in the background you can barely hear.and The keyboard is pretty good. I dont make too many errors.The phone is very easy to learn how to use.ProsEasy to useGood keyboardFun appsGood for musicInternetGood cameraConsNot great speakersBattery life isn't too goodTakes way too long to turn onNo physical keyboard(not bad but i would have wanted one)I would reccomand this phone but there are probably better smartphones out there.

This phone dies after 3 weeks and all Verizon does is supply a refurbished LG Revolution. "Phone won't turn on, soft keys light up " seems to be a common failure of these phones.

I got this phone back in February and it has given me nothing but trouble. Through these 9 months I have had 3 replacements and each one has the same problems. The only thing Verizon could suggest was to factory reset the phone, which I did at least twice for each phone, and then send me a new one. Also when I called their customer service they said that they had never heard of any problems with this phone when all over their forums are people complaining about how terrible the phone is and how many problems they have with it. Needless to say, I have decided to switch phones now before it gives me any more trouble.The problems I dealt with:Restarting on it's ownNot actually letting me put words in text messagingApplications randomly failingNot letting me unlock it randomly and making me restart it for it to workSending multiples of the same text to peopleReceiving multiples of the same text from othersRandomly closing pages in the browser while I was on themNot being able to switch towers easily without restarting, this happened to me while I was travelingAll I have to say about this phone is shame on you LG for making such an awful phone. This has ruined LG in my mind for any phone. If you still have this phone I feel so bad for you.

(updated 4 months later)At first when I got this phone, I wanted to trade it in because the battery life was bad, like 4 hours of usage and it would be almost dead bad.  But after weeks of tweaking on it and downloading apps like Watchdog Lite and Juice Defender I have since more than doubled the battery life and could go a whole day without a recharge.  Just dont forget to turn off the 3g and 4g when your not using it.  average users can get by just fine without 4g at all even.*switched launcher to golauncher and phone works even better and faster, a must for all revolution owners.  best part about golauncher?  changes search button (originally bing) to google search. thank you baby jesus.pros :phone is fast, no lag like my original droid. (theres some lag now but still fast and doesnt bother me)feels good in hand, not too big or heavy.  although most cases tend to take the slimness awayscreen is nice and big4g mobile hotspot, very niiice.  can use with 3g as well (learned this cost extra $30/mo after 1st free month, had to cancel and get refund, still a cool option though.  could be money saver if i could cancel internet at home and just use this for internet)camera placement, fingers wont get in the waybright led lightcons :phone volume is average to weak, idk what other people are talking about but I find it much harder to hear the rings, speakerphone, and even in call volume.  but not unbearable.small problems(worth noting but shouldnt decide wether or not you should buy phone):still have to shut down phone every 3-4 days and restart to have it run smoothly, no biggie at alllots of apps you cannot delete or get rid of, bing sucks as search button/navigator.  cant change it either but there are on screen widgets to get around thislot of apps still dont support the revolution (yet anyway), had some problems already.  mostly with video chat.lg's UI could be betterwithout case phone tended to slide out of my pocket when getting up from seatspreinstalled facebook for LG is wack, download facebook for androidfor the price, your not going to find a phone that can do as much that is still fast and has a good size screen.  my mom ended up getting one after finally deciding to switch to a smartphone from a basic flip phone.  she hasnt stopped playing with it after two weeks, she loves it.  not to mention shes 50 and is not really handy when it comes to electronics.

We bought this phone for my wife in Jan 12. Have regretted it ever since. It has poor battery life, takes too long to charge, uses bing instead of google, cannot remove verizon apps, and it is very slow to respond to touches. Should have done more research. Just upgraded to an iphone 4 which is what we should have done to start with. Absolutely cannot recommend this phone.

I have been pretty happy with the phone for a long time, close to 2 years.The annoying things (and they are not necessarily related to the phone itself):- Tons of preloaded software that I do not need, and I cannot uninstall.- Phone hangs too often, it is then necessary to take the battery out.  A switch would be preferred to disconnect the battery.- Bad connectors to memory card, sometimes I have to reset the card, it is on the inseide by the battery.- Tech support - What tech support?- Now phone reports memory full, I am pretty sure it is due to the amounts of apps that are running, it would be nice if I could decide what needs to run in the background.  I do not need email, facebook, location services etc to run at all times.- Visual Voicemail, I said no to getting Visual Voicemail, but I keep getting the offer, sometimes the offer hangs preventing me from getting voice mail.- Battery life, it's up and down, probably related to what is running on the phone, but why are apps running in the background if I cannot multitask anyway.  Big battery eaters are looking for a network, looking for blue-tooth, trying to connect to a network searching for a cell signal.  It would be nice it the phone would automatically lower the priority of those things in order to preserve the battery.  Sometiomes the phone can go for days without a charge, at other times it will die in a matter of hours, even without me using it.- Background applications.  I do not want to run a lot of apps or services in the background.  It is fine for the servfices that make the phone function, but I really need location services only when using maps, I need to update Facebook, only when I am on Facebook etc.  When I am doing something on the phone, whatever I am doing should be prioritized. The touch screen should not hang becasue a background task is using resources.- Location of microphone is bad.- Hate the touch buttons, it is too easy to hit the "Home" button by accident.  My son likes to play games on the phone, but a swipe off the scrren onto the home button, and it is "Game Over", not ideal for a 6-year old.- Screen is good, and the phone sound is good as well.- I like the 4G.Not sure if I will buy another LG product though.  It would be nice if they could support the product they sell.

I just want to say maybe I got a bad battery.  But I am a network engineer and no stranger to android phones.  This phone is amazing and other reviews will all tell you this.  But battery life on my revolution is downright terrible.  I'm talking full charge at 7am, ZERO calls and only checking a couple texts (5) and reading exchange emails (30, less than 15min), I had a dead battery by 3pm.  For not even using the GPS or internet, or hell even a call this is just not acceptable.  I will be making a complaint and seeing what they have to say.  Will update if they fix the issue, otherwise assume the worst.

Have difficulty reading some of the phone screens in the market and felt the LG Revolution offered both a larger 4.3" screen with good contrast and sizing of text.  However, the phone is disappointingly slow in all functions and frankly enough to justify compromising on screen size with other models/brands but gaining with the much faster and reliable performance of others even lower priced models/brands.

I put up with this awful phone for about a year, and actually reactivated my old samsung facinate, this phone was horrendous please DONT CONSIDER IT!!!!

Beautiful, fast, plays netflix which is awsome.  But the battery barely makes it an hour using netflix and without netflix maybe 3-4 hours with all the bloatware verizon puts on ..HORRIBLE.Also microsoft Bing is tied to the default search, and through system options, you can change it to Google, but then it doesn't change - what the heck!  Same for default navigation.  Bing is awful when compared to google search and navigation.Playing music or sound through the speakers is horrible, can barely hear it.  Headphones work well, but with bluetooth, if you move much, the sound will fade or cutout a lot.  These are symptoms of a week bluetooth transmitter.4g is awesome and screaming fast.  However on Tmobile, the same phone has dual processors, plan cost less, and the interface is much better due to less bloatware.  So disappointed in verizons vs tmobile.  Tmobile plans cost less and hot spot is free.Thinking about going back to my original droid...sigh...disappointed overall except that I can do netflix now (until battery dies quickly).I got slightly better signal in different places with my old droid, so the antenna is slightly worse in the revolution - bit of a disappointment their also.

I started looking at smartphones 6 months ago. I used the networking method of research (as opposed to spec and reviews) and found it was not hard for most folks (even complete strangers!) to launch into an excited description of the product they purchased. Most were very positive about the features and benefits of their choice. I found little to choose from between Apple and Android operating systems. The universal downside was the battery life. No one seemed pleased, especially the recent purchasers of the Apple 4s. Bottom line and surprisingly, research resulted in no standouts and no hates.I purchased the LG Revolution based on previous positive experiences with LG, the 4g feature and what I felt was the best screen. The Verizon training classed for Android helped kick start the experience and brought me quickly up to speed on the expanded uses of a smartphone. I am not going to spend time on the individual hardware features of the Revolution. They are outstanding and well covered in other reviews.The battery life issue is real. Like the cell phones of old, it requires daily charging. I can get 2 days with my normal dozen calls a day. It does take some user actions to maximize battery life. I keep the Bluetooth, Wi Fi and GPS off until needed \u0013 easy to do with a pull down screen. If I am going use those functions extensively, then 8 hours of battery life is more typical. But then I am really using the phone more as a computer substitute so 8 hours is not too bad. Batteries are inexpensive and small, so a suggestion would be to carry an extra battery. Some products don\u0019t get along too well with car charges, so I have always had a \u001ccharger battery\u001d for time in car. I purchased an extra capacity battery (2900 ah) and case extension which easily last 3 days.Competition and constant improvements have made this area confusing for first time smart phone purchasers. The Revolution is a great choice and will not disappoint.

Worst phone i have ever had. i had it for just about two weeks and it did everything wrong in the book. first off battery does not last long. Secondly, texting was a mess! it would take 8-10 minutes for one text to go through to another phone and not only that it would send the same text multiple times and combine unrelated texts together. absolutly horrible. the internet was slow and did not let me back up to previously viewed pages. everytime i did a search i had to research it to look at another sight. the phone would power off on its own at random. it was slow to respond to anything. i would never in a million years recomend this phone. Sorry to those who do like it, maybe mine was a damaged phone that they gave me.. who knows.just overall bad rating.

I purchased in late July 2011 so I have had almost one full year with the phone.  I am not as impressed with it as I thought I would be.  I think it boils down to the chip and software running it not being that good.  Very slow responsiveness to moving between screens, locks up and generally just not a quick moving phone.  Maybe I expect too much??My wife has the iPhone and it is a much more responsive phone.  Why, I'm not sure.  Maybe a newer dual core Android phone will solve my consternation with the Evolution.

This phone is basically the same phone as the other Verizon 4G phones, except for 3 key differences.1) The weight of this phone is over 6 ounces. Expect big biceps after using this for the summer (not a bad thing!)2) The camera is "only" 5 megapixel compared to 8 megapixel of the others. Not a huge deal in the real world.3) Most importantly, this phone supports Netflix right out of the box. This is huge as you can enjoy streaming on Verizon's current unlimited data plan! Hurry before they discontinue the plan!Overall, an awesome phone that will be in my pocket this summer!-Jonathan SturakAuthor"From Vegas With Blood"

It is a pretty good phone but has several significant problems. First, it is currently unable to be rooted so I cannot delete any of the preinstalled apps or remove bing as the default search option. I find this to be the worst part about this phone. The only other problems I have with it are the battery and the restarting that occurs about every other day.

Just ditched my 3-year-old phone for LG Revolution.  Due to heavy work-related data needs, I looked only LTE phones on Verizon.  I have looked at all three - Thunderbolt, Charge, and Revolution.  Since the Revolution was the latest LTE phone on Verizon, I went with Revolution.  Had the phone for little over a month.  For most part the phone works well.  The Achilles' heel of the phone is the battery.  With regular use of 4G network, the battery is good for only 5-6 hours.  With 4G turned off, the battery is good for 8-10 hours.  If you get this phone, make sure to get car charger, extra desktop charger, and another standalone usb cable because you need to charge the phone everywhere you go.  Hopefully, LG will figure out a way to upgrade it to Android 2.3 soon.

Although there are nice features to the LG Revolution, the problems I've had are too many to salvage any liking I may once have had for this phone.I have had the phone for several months and the battery life is pathetic. I don't text very often and only check my email a couple of times a day. I mostly use the phone as a phone but usually not very often during the day unless I am traveling. I MUST plug it in by lunchtime or early afternoon at the latest every day even when I am not traveling. When I make a road trip, I have learned to simply plug it in when I get into my car or truck.I recently traveled to California from the mid-West and found that my phone wouldn't work. I lost all my ringtones, my Wi-Fi capabilities, everything except phone service and alarm clock. It also would power off and not power on and I had to remove my battery and chip on several occasions during my trip to get my phone to power on in order to make muffled phone calls, which I kept to an absolute minimum. This problem with the powering off/on is something that has happened a few times since I bought it.I ended up using my daughter's phone in California when I needed to make a couple of calls where the clarity of my voice was very important. Come to think of it, clarity of my voice is important in EVERY call I make, otherwise, what's the point of dialing the number? The fact that everyone I call from my phone ends up frustrated because they cannot understand anything I am saying to them is the main reason I despise this phone. It's one thing for me to be frustrated with something I buy, but when my using it causes everyone I want to connect with to also be frustrated, I've had enough.Finally, the 4G feature is useless to me where I live and the only reason I bought the LG Revolution was because I slipped at work, dropped my Droid, and this phone was the least expensive at a time when I wasn't expecting to have to buy a new phone.I wish I could recommend the Revolution to people but unfortunately, if for no other reason than the battery drain, I can't.I really cannot wait to replace this phone and miss my original Droid even with its aggravating slide-to-answer phone feature, smaller screen, and 3G only option (I think we will eventually have 4G here, right?).In truth, I'm almost ready to throw this phone away, buy a GPS, carry my laptop, and get a cheap flip phone. To me it is much better than the aggravation I've had with this product.

I LOVE THIs PHONE,I SWITCH FROM A EVO 2 THIS AND THIS IS BETTER BECAUSE IT HAS NEWER TECH. ON IT...

Bought this phone in July. It worked fine until September. Then i was not getting texts or voicemails and the phone started freezing. I did a factory reset and a manual update. Problem not solved. Verizon suggested I turn the phone off then on, and also to pop out the battery once a week. After my 6th call to them they sent out a replacement. This is after i told them that taking out the battery 6 times a day to unfreeze the phone is ridiculous. (I even uninstalled all the apps thinking maybe one of them wasn't working right.) Now it's December and same thing is happening with my replacement. So Verizon is sending me ANOTHER replacement. Verizon also told me that the problem with not receiving texts is a known issue with this phone. So I kindly told the Verizon employee I would be calling back in 1-2 months when this replacement stops working too.

I will be going with a different phone company this month. I have sent it in because the camera would not work. When I got The &#34;NEW&#34; phone it has ran slow has never connected to the 4g. If I want to use the internet I have to use wifi. When I try to call someone the phone takes 2 minutes to pull up the dialer. That is way to long. I have felt like I got the run around on this phone.

So I've had this phone since about August 2011 it is now January 2013, which makes this product about a year and a half old. First of all I am going to cut it a little slack since it was one of the first 4G LTE phones Verizon marketed, that being said it runs(and will not update any further) on Android 2.3 gingerbread. I had to replace this phone within the first week I bought it because the battery overheated on the charger? So obviously there was quite a few bugs in the system at the time it was released. Verizon of course replaced it with their "like new" replacements,  whatever the hell that means.This phone is very, very durable it has spent the good part of its life without a case or a screen protector. I have dropped it numerous amounts of times from 2-3 feet distances and it still turns on with no visible cracks in the screen. It is a bulky behemoth with a monstrous display screen, and will defiantly not suit the iPeople crowd. I have to say I did enjoy streaming videos on this phone due the to size of the screen, but like many other things on this phone it could be better.Over the course of its life it has just gotten more and more disappointing, this is partially not the revolution's fault because it was built to specifications of the technology at the time. That being said it is slooooooow, I frequently do not receive notifications when I have text messages or phone calls. It has quite a bit of trouble sending messages nowadays. It struggles to keep up, due to the current os installed on it, and everything else from the play store/browser moves at slothy speeds. It is a daunting task to keep up with daily tasks and apps so I bought a tablet to supplement the lacking of this phone. In its younger days the phone would automatically update the software on its own, without having to manually install anything, but I'm assuming Verizon will no longer be updating these phones. Plain and simple this is a very outdated phone and is about 4 os behind the times.I also have the unfortunate experience of using the 4G LTE hotspot on this device in hopes of providing 4G LTE to my other devices by connecting wirelessly. This is probably my biggest frustration with this phone, it is marketed as a 4G LTE phone and I live in a 4G LTE supported area but a good portion of the time this thing stays stuck in 3G land and frequently shifts to 1x service.The camera is awful, despite it being boasted with a 5 megapixel camera but I'm pretty sure my 5mp iPod touch camera takes better pictures. The flash leaves everything looking unnatural and blurry. There is a lackluster of creative settings for the camera as well(panorama, hdr, black and white, etc.) It does have a front facing camera which produces mediocre photos at best in ideal lighting conditions.It currently does not hold a charge for more than 2 or 3 hours at a time , and the charger port has gotten bent out of shape from daily use so the charger does not fit properly in the port. This indeed was my very first smartphone so I am ready to leave it behind in the past where it belongs. I am due for an upgrade shortly, and I think after my experience with this piece that I will be pleasantly with what is on the market now.

This is my first phone that I am using for internet.  I love everything except the battery life.  When I pick up the phone with a full battery and use it for anything, it is now down a bar.I may buy an extra battery to keep and I have a car charger.I will put up with it because the phone is that awesome!  Other phone reviews have battery issues also so it must be a common problem with these type of phones.

Lots of reasons this phone is terrible.  I'll just list some.Slow laggy interface.Bad call quality.Data drops for no reason.Verizon replaced google with bing. Can't undo this.Tons and tons of bloatware you can't remove.Randomly restarts itself.System apps crash a lot.This is the worst phone I've ever owned by a mile.

PROs:1. 4G = fast,  super fast.2. HD video quality is better than expected.3. Easily root-able.  Check with XDA.4. 1GHz Snapdragon is speedy when not multi-tasking heavly.CONs:1. LCD quality is only OK by today's standard. Samsung screen is better.2. Battery Life.  Factory battery is only 1500mA. This is common.3. Still photo quality is poor.  The camera seems to be tuned for video.4. CPU is not dual core.5. Phone could be thinner and lighter. (But is acceptable.)

The phone worked ok for the first week or so,except for the battery life.Four weeks in and I can barely use the phone anymore! Constant failed texts,apps foreclosing, unable to answer the phone if I'm on the web, complete shutdown of the phone all together.I called Verizon to see if they had a solution to all of these problems.They are well aware of the problems with the Revolution, but they have No solutions for it.Apparently these are all very common problems with the phone.I upgraded my DroidX for the Revolution and would be extremely happy to have the Droid back.I'm in no way satisfied with this phone!It has new problems every day.

i was going to enter 4 stars, but it was up between liking it (4 stars) and loving it (5 stars), and i have to say, i love this phone. just fyi, my previous phone was the iphone 3gs (with at&t;).when i got the revo, i was worried about the whole bing integration, but it's really not that bad. you can download google apps to your heart's content, and you don't have to use bing at all if you don't really want to.the other thing i was worried about was the data transfer speed. for some reason, the speedtests on the other 4g LTE phones are faster on average, but considering the revo's data transfer speeds are still faster than my cable modem, i'm pretty satisfied.the last thing i was worried about was the battery life. the battery life does sort of suck, but not compared to what i've heard of the thunderbolt. plus, if you were to leave it on 3g or just use it conservatively (if you have it as an option), then it's not really a big deal. but, just to be safe, i bought a back-up battery and charger, and so far, i haven't had to use it.anyway, if you're looking for a touch-screen phone with lots of apps (including netflix pre-installed... which many other androids can't download yet), the LG revolution is the way to go. i'm very satisfied with my purchase (despite the 2 year contract!).
