
This si the worst online transaction i've ever made, and I doubt ill shop amazon again. This phone stinks! and LITERALLY it smells like cigarrete smoke ALL THE TIME! The screen is falling off of it right when I got it. I keep saing it's charging even though I don't have it plugged it. It's a piece of garbage!

I bought this phone over a year ago and I hate everything about it. The locking mechanism is very quirky and often doesn't work, causing you to randomly dial people. There is very limited spaced for texts, requiring you to delete old texts pretty regularly, which can get annoying. The speakers on the phone are nice when they work, but sometimes, my speakers will simply stop working for a few days. Don't even try to download a game on this phone because it will freeze your phone every time. Lastly, the camera is terrible and extremely sensitive to movement. If you want a good basic phone, get the LG Cosmos, not this piece of crap.

Never got something bad like this before, no signal, battery dies after 30 min, customer service never followed up, could not reach the customer care on the phone, bad service, I am disappointed.Thanks,

Broke after only one month of use...made much cheaper than the Intinsity II that I owned previously and own now.

stupid and cheap. Waste of money and time. I smashed it with a sledge hammer. Buy it if you really want to

Honest description and great customer service! Called me when I wanted more information. Found exactly what I was looking for in a phone.

All I can say is this item is not what I thought it would be and was very disappointed in it.

Charger was broken.  There is a screw missing from the phone so the phone slides more than supposed to. Would not recommend

both keep turning off on their own. they were used. the wife has one that works fine and she likes it.

Nothing good about this phone... big pain in the you know what. It should be ashamed of itself and Sanding should be too.

we are hard on phones, so I have one on hand always just in case. this was an excellent price , why would anyone pay for a new one? it's clean and in great shape!

It had all the things one would expect to get with the phone.  It works well.  I can hear callers clearly.  I am still checking to make sure they can hear me clearly.  Very satisfied

I purchased this phone to replace my mothers lost Verizon phone. She is currently in the middle of her two year contract, and didn't have insurance on her previous phone. This phone works as intended, and is easy for her to maneuver. It has basic functions (call, text, camera, and I believe. Web browser), and she is not at all tech savvy but has been able to use it with ease. A couple of times she's received weird prompts asking her to enter prepaid card information, but after resetting the phone, the prompts go away.

First off shipping was exceptional. Ordered product on Monday and shipped on Tuesday. Received in WNY from Idaho in 1 day. Definitely worth the extra money for express shipping.  Phone was in better than expected condition with very minor wear and tear. This was a replacement phone for a teenager who has already broken two phones in less than a year.  Definitely worth the price paid.  Would recommend and buy from this seller again. The phone itself is a Samsung Intensity II, for a phone for a 14 year old it is good enough, especially as rough as he is on this phone. Would definitely NOT buy this phone new, was the phone generally given with a new plan or adding a new line with a $50 rebate on it.  Would never pay the full list price for this phone, but for the money I paid for it from Mobtech it was worth it.

It broke after 3 months.. it wasn't put together well in the first place. It never slid right and always got stuck. Worst phone ever I have been through 4 so far.

I love this phone.  The slide out keypad allows for easy texting with the hassle of have a smart phone or the difficulty of one finger typing.  It's compact size allows it to easily fit in a billfold or pocket (even in women's pants).  The battery life is good.  It easily lasts all day.

the itam was shipped the next day and was just just like new except for a few scratch's but as far as used phones go this one was great

&#34;No contract required&#34; is not specific enough.  This is a prepay only phone until it has been used for six months, according to Verizon policy.  Since I have an existing contract, I had to return mine.

It worked for a few days and since then will not.  Tried everything.  Called verizon for they help also, but no luck.  Now doesn't even recognize there is a battery that is fully charged in the phone.

Worked great as a replacement for my old phone that I broke until my contract could be renewed.  Worked just like my original one and easy to transfer over.

Even though this is a simple slider phone, it is exactly what my wife wanted and she loves it. Would buy again.

Does not receive all calls or texts.  Important text arrived two hours later!  I tested it again from a land line and the call went to voicemail after four rings.I purchased this phone listed as &#34;new&#34;  but I think it is a refurbished phone.

Great phone for the price!

Met all expectations and came sooner than expected. Was very happy with what I received and the price was great!

I prefer having a real keyboard with the response of actual buttons that you can feel.  This is the third one I've had, and I wouldn't trade it for a smartphone with a touchscreen.  Verizon's no contract pay by the month plan is good too, I don't bother paying for a data plan, I prefer using a full size screen and keyboard for stuff like web browsing and email.  It has GPS, text, and voice, which is all I need from a phone.  There are other features, music player etc, but I don't use them and can't comment on those.  It's a good solid phone, easily replaced if you work in a phone-unfriendly job (like on the water *splash* time for a new phone).

the phone works very good and I have no problem with itI recommended  to every one don't want pay too much toverizon.

Great buy and is very handy with the keyboard  my grandson carries it everywhere with him.  The face plates are very inexpensive for it.

After having a smartphone, I knew I would need a QWERTY keypad. This phone delivers that. It's taken some time to get used to the small keys, but it beats not having a QWERTY keypad at all. Phone audio is good. I'm starting to just text on my iPad, so I'm not sure if I'll get another on of these, but if I were a teenager who couldn't afford a smartphone, this would be the phone for me!

Phone works, but it is the store owner that gets 5 stars. He was great helping me with a defective phone! Mobtech LLC just made it right and in a hurry.

We have had it for about 2 weeks. My teenage son uses it daily and has had no problems with it.

Screen falls off too easily.  Too many functions which is probably true of all cell phones now.  It is right price.

im still hitting the wrong buttons when the phone rings  didnt come with a manual so im learning by trial & error

This phone was for my 16 yr old son. He has been happy with it other than the cute pink stickers he found on the back of the screen when he slid it open to use the keyboard. Haha, he didn't find it as funny as I did.

The phone was brand new.  I had difficulty registering the phone online.  Verizon online self-service device registration would not accept the new phone's id, no matter how many times I tried. I got worried for a moment.  I was able to activate it with the help of a customer service rep. It took a while.  The phone is working fine now.

I received this product inadvertently when ordering a LG Cosmos 2 after my original Cosmos 2 was submerged in water.The seller, NuCell Wireless was decent enough to give me $10 back for fudging my order so I went ahead and kept the Intensity 2. It's a simple device that doesn't usually function as it should in a few different ways:1. Random Power Down - A couple of times a week, this phone shuts itself off after sending or receiving texts.2. Slow - Moving between menus, between texts, or really between any two screens takes a frustrating amount of time. You click the button, count to ten, and hope you get to your destination (I know someone else who used to own the same model who would complain all the time).Overall, using this phone is a painful experience and I would recommend you explore other options when you're in a pinch for a cheap replacement.

Looking for a phone that I could activate on my current family plan without hassle from Verizon.  Read carefully description and reviews.  By the picture looked like a standard phone in regular box (not prepaid).  Picture was not of a prepaid phone in it's package.  From reading reviews on other phones that stated they were prepaid it's seems to be hit or miss if Verizon will let you activate immediately to a current plan.  This phone did appear to be brand new and we actually received before expected.  BUT, didn't want a prepaid!  I feel the description and pic was misleading.  I was able to return without hassle.  Thanks Amazon, always easy to work with.

This is a very basic phone. It's the one they give you free in the store when you sign up for a plan. In fact when I bought mine I got a $50 mail in rebate, so basically they paid me $50 to take this phone.It has extremely limited space for text. I send 250 texts a month tops, and I constantly have to delete old texts. As far as internet capabilities goes, you can get online, but it's not very user friendly.That being said, the phone makes calls. For me that was all I needed. If you want a tripped out phone that your friends will envy, this is not the phone for you; but if you want a very inexpensive phone that works, this one is great.

Like the functions of the phone, but the battery life is already is short. I have only had it a month and need to chargeit twice a day, and I do not use it very much. The battery drains over night without even being used at all.

We purchased two phones through Planet Mobile.  Both were supposed to be brand new Intensity II phones, but neither were brand new.  The first one would never shut completely off. Once 'turned off' the screen turned white and would only turn off when we removed the battery.  The second phone we ordered continually shut off during a call.  It, however, would not hang up if it were on speaker phone.  The screen cover had a gap in it, indicating that it had been tampered with or been dropped.  DO NOT buy anything from Planet Mobile.  Their products do not match their descriptions. We gave them the benefit of the doubt, and bought the second phone, only to find it having problems as well. We did have to pay return shipping, but they did return us our money for the product when we returned it.

it does exactly what I need it to do. I've been using it about a year, still going strong. the end

This is actually the second phone I received from Quality Used Phones.  The first one I received, while in great cosmetic condition, had a defect with the slide out keypad. The phone would shut off when sliding the keypad in or out.  I contacted the seller and I had no problem returning the phone and getting another one.  The keypad on this one seems much sturdier than the last.

A basic phone, what else is there to say? I bought it for my sister as a Christmas present, she transferred her number over from our existing Verizon plan plan (She accidentally dropped her old phone in chicken soup). So far we have had no issues with it.Off-note I strongly recommend to anybody who buys this, or any other phone, BUY A CASE! Idc how careful you think you are, eventually you are going to slip. You'll end up scuffing the edges, knocking the battery cover loose, even crack the screen/camera or ruin the speaker. I am referring to an armor style case, not the holsters. Something that stays on your phone even when you are using it, and doesn't get in the way. Trust me, 10-20 bucks and a slightly bulkier phone is a small price to pay to avoid the hassle and cost of replacing your phone sooner than necessary.

If you want a Pre-paid phone this is nice. I wish that it would of been stated in the description that it was a prepaid phone. I activated it and it will now sit for 6 months til I can move it over to my existing plan. Will have to see if I can get another cheap phone to replace the one that died for 6 months, Disappointed. Amazon, Please update the description to Pre-Paid phone... Thank you.

This product was promised to be refurbished, and indeed was used, but not fixed up. It shut off randomly while typing text messages and during phone calls. It beeped incessantly for no apparent reason, and was a total waste of time and money. I am very disappointed.

I bought this phone for my Granddaughter. She thinks it is the cats meow. She wanted it so she could text her friends.

Performs as expected as good as the original. In new condition as advertised. My daughter is very please with the phone.

I would have been very happy if I received what I ordered. Instead I received an old outdated model #U450 not the model U460 Intensity II which I ordered. To add injury to insult the phone they sent me was a month to month contract that I would have had to pay $50 a month for 6 months before I could transfer this phone to my existing 2 year contract I already had with Verizon! Nowhere in the add was this indicated, and in my opinion this was out and out FALSE advertising. The only positive thing I can say is that the guarantee through Amazon enabled me to get a full refund on my purchase price. Nothing can compensate me for the hours and days I spent trying to resolve this issue, and the tremendous frustration I still feel for having been put through this ordeal.What would I do differently? Well after this experience, I would suggest that Amazon etc, should hold their suppliers responsible for #1 providing the products they advertise, #2 require that they clearly disclose any hidden loopholes (like this 6 month minimum useage fee), and #3 have their suppliers state in writing that they will provide the products they advertise, or legally agree to pay the customer back at least 3 times the original purchase price, and give a written apology for the "mistake".Without some type of agreement or guarantee like this, I will find it very difficult to do business with Amazon, or anyone else online in the future.Sincerely, Ron S

I hat this same phone before. However, after two drops in the toilette and numerous events of maltreatment by my small children it was starting to weird out. I bought this one used on Amazon and have had it for a few months now. It is doing well also. I love how this phone is set up, I love the keyboard especially.

Any potential buyers be warned!  This phone was purchased as a Christmas gift, and this item is quite disappointing.  When it arrived in November I opened the box and looked in it to make sure everything was okay, and it all looked fine.  I took it out tonight (night before Christmas Eve) to get it charged and activated, and realized the phone was broken.  Removing the 'factory' plastic protective cover resulted in the whole screen peeling away from the phone.  It is like there are no screws or glue or anything holding it in place.  Really disappointing!  No gift or a broken gift for Christmas.  What a great choice to make.  Save your time and money and move on to another choice.  This seller claimed to have sold me a new phone, but I really doubt a new phone ships broken.UPDATE:After sitting out all night turned on the phone dialed '777777777......' all night long.  Upon closer inspection there are signs of wear on this phone in the battery compartment.  Dishonest seller, just ripping people off with broken phones.  Good thing Amazon protects purchases.  Phone has been returned, and Amazon will give me a refund.  A hassle to deal with, but better than nothing.TLDR:DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!  Not new, not working, not acceptable.

Works as expected.  I wanted a basic phone and that is what this is.  I have had a similar model before and it was a work horse that made it through 3 family members.

It is used and has a very limited range. It drops calls from areas that my old one never did. I went back to my old one (same model) even though it is damaged.

I had a smart phone that I didn't use as a smart phone. I don't use a cell phone to search the internet, email, etc, etc, etc.  I only want a phone that I can text with.  This phone is exactly what I wanted. Anyone who isn't tied to their cell phone should find this phone exactly what you need.  Thanks.  The Maj.

Received phone yesterday but found out it wasn't what we wanted.  Phone stated it would work on Verizon wireless plan no contract required.  Turned out what we actually received was a pre-pay phone.  Seller was quick to call us back and try and fix the problem.  Seems Amazon shipped the wrong product.  We were told to return the phone & they would issue a full credit. I'm satisfied for now and will await refund.

I have had this phone for nearly two years, and let me warn you, do NOT get this phone. Even if you just want a phone that will only call and text, I definitely encourage you to look elsewhere. Every day when I use this phone, I think about how much I hate it and want to upgrade. Sometimes I feel like I hate it more and more with each day.Anyways, I should be telling you why it's bad. I do admit this phone has its pros, but I have more cons than pros. I made a list of pros and cons about this phone below:PROS* Pretty cool design for its time (that being the mid-2000s)* Doesn't heat up often (usually it does when it charges, but that's normal for phones)* Easy to charge* Good texting pad (feels smooth, nice)* Pretty good battery life* Pretty durable (usually when I drop it, the back and battery usually don't come out)CONS* Screen and phone itself too small. I personally hate having a tiny screen with a horrible resolution* MAJOR CON: It pocket dials/texts A LOT!!!! Even when it is unlocked, it manages to unlock itself and do whatever (call a friend, text a friend some random messsage, etc.). One time, it pocket-subscribed me to Jamster, so I was billed $10 to my account!* Whenever you put in a command (number, letter, etc.), it makes an annoying beeping sound. You can turn that off by putting it to vibrate, but still...* The number pad is WAY too small, but again, that's my personal con.* It also lags at lot, too. Sometimes it's really slow when opening up text messages, and it's also slow on commands sometimes.* Lots of bugs* Too many horribly-placed shortkeys* Disorganized layout (at times complicated)* Bad camera (again, it has a horrible resolution)* Horrible, awkward locking feature. This can be bad for those who would like some security for their phones. If you get this phone, use a double lock. But still, it can unlock on itself and do whatever. There's also no password feature, so that's pretty bad.* Not much customization whatsoeverI think Samsung makes great products, but I gotta say that this is one of their worst. Again, even if you want a phone that simply calls or texts, look at another dumbphone. I will be upgrading this coming Christmas, and I am most likely getting the Samsung Galaxy S4 (one of Samsung's better products). So please, whatever you do, DO NOT GET THIS PHONE! But that's just me. I bet there are people who have this phone and are fine with it, so this raging review is just me. If you want this phone, get it, but you have been warned...

This was supposedly a brand new phone but after taking it out and activating it, it still didn't work properly

Hate is a very strong word to me but this is Absolutely the Worst cell phone I have ever owned. My daughter-in-law has the same phone. She had 2 because the first one had too many problems in the first week. She hates hers.  A friend in Americus,Ga has the same phone and she hates it also. It has many many quirks. I went back to Verizon several times. They thought I was making this stuff up. I went back to Verizon a few days before the year warranty expired and basically they told me I expected too much from it. Even though I use the two button lock feature it constantly finds it way to resticted programs/sites while in the belt holster. Three new batteries have been placed in it. Often while shutting the QWERTY pad the phone cuts off. It cuts off in the holster with the lock feature on and a fully charged battery. It has been rated a one because a zero is not a choice.

Came fast. Very cheap. Although it was not in the best condition when I got it, it is now doing the trick! thanks!

I like the slide-out keyboard on this phone.  It's not a difficult phone to use and figure out how to use.  It's pretty standard.  It's fairly easy to find all the features.  The quality of the camera is poor.  My pictures on my old phone were way better.

Phone does everything I want it to do - perfect for the price.  Verizon support on using the phone much easier than trying to use the Samsung manual - good for basics of getting started.

I've owned this phone for about two years now. The only good thing about this phone is it's durability. The OS is extremely quirky and not very stable. The worst part about this stupid phone is it won't allow you to edit past date entries on the calendar.Say you want to keep track of the hours you work and set an alarm for your coming work day. That's all fine, but here's the maddening part! By the end of said day, you might work less hours than you scheduled and want to edit the end time of the scheduled event. NOPE! You can't do that because the scheduled event's alert time has already past and there's no way to turn off the alert! You'll have to enter a new calendar event to go off in a few minutes and title it something like, "worked until such & such time", or "finished work at..." There is absolutely NO way around this! No other phone I've ever owned or played with at the store does this!!! They all let you edit past calendar events except THIS FREAKIN PHONE!!!There are other quirks about the operating system that drive me crazy, but to list them all would bore you.As I said, the only good thing about this phone is it'll take a bad fall on concrete and only get a scratch on the plastic shell. I know cuz after being frustrated with a system crash or freeze, or some of the other quirks, I've thrown the phone few times (around 12 or 14 feet up) above a concrete floor with it surviving (unfortunately).DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!! It's barely acceptable as a free phone!!!

I'm stunned by how terrible this phone is. Even when it's on Lock, it still ends up butt dialing someone. Once, I opened the phone and it had actually PURCHASED wallpapers on its own! It was a built-in application and I had to call the company and request a refund. They had charged me $25!The worst thing... it's actually been DELETING my contacts lately. People I'd never delete -- my brother, father, and good friends. There are other problems with this phone on top of this if you can believe it. Worst piece of dog mess I've ever owned. Would be better to have a rotary phone. I've always used Samsung Verizon phones. This is my 3rd and it feels like they get progressively worse with each new one. It feels like the manufacturers are actively TRYING to make horrible phones.

The phone I bought keeps turning off by it self I am not satisfied with my purchase and would not recommend to anybody.

The phone I received was not black as marketed, it was blue. The battery door comes loose easily and made of very flimsy plastic.

This phone is exactly what I needed as a starter phone for my granddaughter. It is easy to use and reliable.

Works like a charm and in great shape. Good battery unlike some &#34;refurbished&#34; phones i have received. Very Pleased with the phone!

Everything looks good. Not able to use it till I give it to someone in a couple of weeks. But I am sure it will be fine.

I ordered this phone and it had a terrible glitch in it. I was typing a text message and the screen went blank and it just stopped working. I contacted the company within a day or so after that happened and they were very compliant and understanding of the issue. I sent in the broken phone and the expedited me a brand new one the same day that they received it. I was pretty upset about the first phone being broken, but these things happen. The company was more than helpful, and I would not think twice before ordering from them again.

Nice phone. Was a little hard to set up at first, but the team at Verizon was wonderful in helping us. The phone works great and has good sound. Got here fast.

I love the convenience of a  keyboard. It holds a charge a long time.  I love that for a change.

Phone came here on time and was easy to activate well packaged. Bought this for my daughter and she loves it battery life held up better than i thought. Overall great product

Upon arrival keys i, k, b and number 7 did not work. None of the function keys worked and the camera button was broke. The only upside to this purchase was Amazon's return policy.

I purchased this phone to use on the Verizon network. I had this model previously but it stopped working after experiencing water damage.I like that I can talk, text, take pictures(fair quality),and use blue tooth features but not be required to have a data plan.I had the old phone for over two years without any problems. Hope to do better with this one.

I hate smart phones and everything they represent.  I prefer a simple, durable, inexpensive alternative.  I've broken two of these phones through my own recklessness but they do exactly what I want them to and do it well.

Advertised as a non-contract phone, when it arrived it was discovered to be a pay as you go phone. This made a huge difference in how we could use it, so basically it became useless.

No internet or fancy apps here. Good for basic calls and text. Don't expect to put music or data on here.

I purchased this cell phone for my son, he said he liked it and it works good, good phone for the price

It will get my by until I can get back to my smart phone - crazy contract with my cell company. But it works just fine.

Phone works great! was in perfect condition! Found some pictures of the previous owner's dog's, and they were really cute!!

This has been a great phone for me. I use it primarily for calls, but have appreciated the slide-out keyboard for texting - I like the 4-row keyboard and the raised buttons also. Call quality is good and I've never had trouble with dropping calls or anything. It has been pretty tough - I've dropped it several times on our hard tile kitchen floor and it still looks and works like new. My one complaint is that you can't use an mp3 as a ringtone - the only way I've found to get ringtones is buy them from Verizon. Other than that I have loved this phone!

The phone failed within the first 2 weeks.  We sent it back for a replacement which put us without a phone for almost 2 weeks.  Received a new phone yesterday.  Just hoping this one will perform as it should.

Overall the phone is OK, except that one of the buttons didn't work from the time we received it. Frustrating since that's a hassle.

I bought this phone to replace one my wife drowned.  Easy to set up, easy to use.  Not a lot of bells and whistles but we didn't need/want that.

This phone was fabulous, a great price and the condition was superb.  My grandson is over the moon and thinks it is great.

The cell phone arrived in a timely fashion and while the appearance of the product is like new the device itself doesn't work well. The battery life is very short and the  functions on the product work randomly or when you least expect it. I am able to receive calls and make calls but other than that the text features are messed up. I am holding out till our contract renewal and will upgrade the phone.

The battery on this phone will not hold a charge over a few hours.  I have done a live-chat with Global Distributing LLC or someone representing them, was told a technician would call me back immediately.  That was over 24 hours ago.  I have tried to call Global Distributing and got a machine where I left a message but have heard nothing back.

I did not receive the phone that I ordered.  I received a different, cheaper model.

I got this phone for free after using an LG Dare for four years. So my old phone has been out dated 10 minutes after I bought it because that's pretty much how technology goes now. The Intensity 2 does less than that phone by a long shot. The camera is worse, it doesn't take any video, sometimes it freezes more than my 4 year old phone. The only thing that's better on it is the keyboard, but the keyboard is available on many different phones so that's not too impressive either. My 4 year old phone had flash which this doesn't, and the speaker phone is way to quiet to use for hands free driving. The phone is good for calls and texting with the keyboard, if you don't mind deleting your texts often. If you want a phone for calls and texts this is your phone, if you want a phone that's good for technology look elsewhere. If you buy this phone and are disappointed with it China wins, so don't let China beat good old USA. USA! USA! Say it with me now USA! USA! USA!

perfect condition. texts very well. Sound quality good. Camera excellent. For a refurbished phone, I thought it was new. Good price too.

They sent the wrong phone.  It said  it was in the right box with charger and black they sent blue one no charger.

Good phone for the price I got it at, did all the things I expected it to, no problems so far.

I had one of these originally from Verizon and it last wonderfully for years before wearing out. Small and basic for my needs I decided to get another &#34;new&#34; old stock from amazon. The new one I received was crap and lasted barely 6 weeks. So I must have gotten a lemon or something from my seller because I know this phone does better than that.

Over all the phone is good, but did not come with a battery as stated in the profile. Some small scratches, not too bad.
