
When I was once again in the market for a new smartphone, I had a simple list of features that I used to narrow my choices among a very crowded arena.  It needed to have a physical keyboard (after having used an on-screen keyboard for 2 years versus a physical keyboard phone I had use even prior, I missed the added tactility that a physical keyboard provides), a fast processor, decent memory, attractive aesthetics, a simple but robust user interface, the Android Gingerbread OS (at the least), a front facing camera, 4G connectivity, good user reviews, affordability, SIM card, and most importantly, it needed to have the now-novel concept of being small and compact (similar to the old ubiquitous Nokia bar phones from the late 90s).  Thinking that I would have to settle for a phone with most but not all of my requests, I was pleasantly surprised to find that the Sony Ericsson Experia Mini Pro SK17A met all of my expectations with the exception of 4G connectivity (a feature very low on my list in the first place).After having used my white Mini Pro for over a month now, I appreciate the utter uniqueness, capability, and quality that this phone offers even more so than the first day I used it.  With it, I experience no phone envy when I browse through the various selections available; it simply stands out among the many giant screen clones.  It has been a most delectable tool that I still find myself looking forward to use each day.  If I had needed the use of a large screen, of course I would be disappointed with the 3" screen size, but since I knew I wanted to revert back to small and compact, the Mini Pro leaves me quite satisfied.  I will use a tablet if I actually want more screen real estate.Here's to hoping that Sony will keep this line of phone going for a long time.

After washing my iPhone in the laundry I wasn't about to shell out big bucks for another.  I have been shocked at how much better I like this phone over my iPhone.  It fits into my pocket.  That is a big deal to me.  The keyboard is fabulous.  I can now text without looking functionally illiterate. The battery lasts me over two days.  Easy blue tooth and wi-fi capabilities.  I am extremely satisfied with this phone.

Overall the phone was great and delivery was very fast. I love how small it is and texting is a breeze with the keyboard. Camera is excellent and can take adequete pictures. How it was package is where the problem is. I received this item today and I did not get the screen protector film,which should be included. This is very upsetting. I hope the seller can send me this piece as soon as possible and then I will reconsider giving higher ratings.

I think this cellphone is the best I ever had, the price, the aplications everything. The size I think is the best part because it is small and comfortable.

Used this phone for a little more than two years. It's now retired as a music player, but it was quite the little trooper, and it fit in my tiny pockets. The small screen takes some getting used to, but the hardware keyboard makes up for it. Fresh out of the box it had some bugs, but those have since been remedied with firmware updates.Naturally(?), after over two years' worth of use, the keyboard's sliding mechanism has dug grooves on each side of the keyboard. As this was my first smartphone with a keyboard, I don't know if this is normal.Unfortunately, the phone is more or less stuck on Gingerbread unless you root it. The Ice Cream Sandwich update Sony released is too unstable. I'm still hoping for the day another small smartphone with a physical keyboard is released.

This phone is perfect for those of us who don't want a huge smartphone. It is small enough to fit in one's pocket, even for women, and doesn't compromise on quality. It feels very sturdy, the slide-out keyboard is excellent, and Android is a great OS.I also wanted to confirm that this unlocked version of the phone does indeed work on AT&T;'s 3G/data network.The only thing I can think of that is mildly annoying is that the spacebar on the keyboard doesn't press down quite as clearly as the rest of the keyboard buttons. Probably just something to get used to.

Setup:- this part requires some patience ;-) and came with its own problems:- having to download a youtube video on how to take the cover off is truely not a good start; it requires quite a bit of force not easy click/unclick;- many features do not work unless you install a Google account the FIRST time you turn on the phone (otherwise you'll have to reset/wipe everything to fix this problem later)Plus:- small phone- android OS is a nice and slick interface- nice cameraMinus:- Google maps will not allow you to pre-download maps, kind of useless for travel to areas where high roaming charges apply to download maps as you go- the 2GB card is about 3/4 full with pre-installed aps, I forsee that I will have to replace this with a bigger card (and don't forget your data is saved on this card, so this too seems a complicated process to replace)

Bought this phone to use with T-Mobile network.Pros: 1. Fast processor with Android.2. Great standard smartphone features. (Who needs iPhone?)Con: Battery life is very short, even in standby. Need to charge everyday, use it or not.

(Smart)Phones I own/have once owned:Nokia: N85, N95, N900HTC: HD2, Desire SSamung Galaxy SApple: Iphone 4/4SAmong all these my white Sony Ericcson SK17 mini pro is by far the most stylish and beautiful.Before this the title belonged the Nokia N900. These 2 are of the rare phones where slapping on any case, no matter how stylish, would be a grave injustice.The form factor is excellent. It's very short, yet thick and hefty, so it fits well into your palm even if you have big hands. The plastic backing on the white version is rather slippery though, so you do have to be careful(the black version has a more rubbery, matte finish).Sony Ericcson's user interface is superb. It was recently updated to Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich, but even if you stick to the stock Gingerbread 2.3.5, you will not be disappointed. It's stylish and slick, much better than HTC's Sense and Samsung's TouchWiz shells (although HTC's weather home screen is by far the best for a weather widget). Even though it's a single core phone, everything moves with grace, style, and zip, even on the more RAM-intensive Ice Cream Sandwich. Although touch-input responsiveness and accuracy will never be as good as the iPhone's, overall, as far as the UI goes, it's the best - the best of the Androids, and better than Nokia's Maemo and Apple's iOS.Web-browsing and video-watching on this 3-inch screen will never be as good as the other phone's bigger screens, and its 480x320 resolution is inferior. However, on that small 3-inch screen you won't be able to really tell, and the Bravia Engine and Reality Display do shine - it's simply a bright, gorgeous screen.Typing on this phone is a dream come true, since it has a dedicated sliding QWERTY keyboard like the Nokia N900. I still love the SWYPE-style input the best, and that is not something you can currently do with an iPhone or the older Nokias. On that end, this phone reigns supreme giving you the best of both worlds.I think Apple's ecosystem is still superior to Android's, but if you want a good second phone, I feel this is the best Android phone for that purpose.Highly recommended!

I got this for my wife to upgrade her X10 Mini Pro.  What an awesome phone.  It is small but very usable and powerful.  I found no problem browsing flash enabled sites, using 4 point multi-touch, or the camera.  Video chat with this phone works great with the front facing camera.  I do agree that the USB port cover is tough to get off, but it seemed to be easy for my wife who has nails to pry it open.  All in all, this is a fantastic phone at the right price point if you are looking to upgrade your android without extending a contract.  Sony Ericsson has made VAST improvements over the X10 range of mini's and the UI on this phone is EXCELLENT.

The title pretty much sums up my feelings towards this phone. The keyboard and the size of the phone are in perfect harmony. The touch screen is very smooth. The camera is very clear. The internet is descent. The only down side to this phone is the micro-usb protecter. It is very hard to take off. Other than that the phone is excellent.

I had the 3rd generation iphone prior to this phone and decided I was sick of being tied down by ITunes and AT&T. I wanted an unlocked phone that didn't require me to use a special software for downloading music or photos and I could contract with any company I wanted. A friend of mine had a Sony phone that she had of many years, so I thought I should check out Sony. Plus this phone was featured in the new Spiderman movie (that didn't add any value, I just thought it was cool). Anyway, when comparing reviews of the phones available through AT&T/Verizon/T-mobile this phone the Sony had the best reviews. It packed a lot of punch for a small phone (smallness was a selling point for me, I was tired of having a giant rectangle in my pocket). I used my phone as my primary camera so this fit the bill with its 5mp camera with flash. It takes great pictures! It was very user friendly up until the point when I wanted to set up the 3G. First, even though its an unlocked phone the only provider you can get full campacity from the 3G from is At&t. Second, to actually get it to recieve the 3G takes a set up process which is not identified in the instructions that come with the phone. You need to google how to do it and I still ended up calling At&t. They told me they don't usually assist with the set up of unlocked phones, but the guy helped me anyway. Third, the 3G connection is not reliable but when its strong its lightening fast. It clogs at times, but not often. I'm not sure that has anything to do with the phone. Might just be At&t. All the positives: excellent sound quality and volume levels (I can actually hear the navigation assistant even when I have music on unlike the iphone and speaker phone is much better too), does almost everything the iphone does (I'm still exploring), highly responsive screen, qwerty key board is wonderful and I love the option to use the smart keyboard as well, voice activated searches/calls/texting without using an ap, you can connect it to any computer and just add music and other content without any special setup of software (so refreshing), love the set up of the home screen...I could go on. If you can't see small print very well this might not be the phone for you. Other wise, it is a mini power house. I'm very happy with it. Excellent alternative to an iphone.

this is a good production and the price are not so expancive. the shipped speed is fast than i manage. i kile it very much

The idea of having just a small screen and a small phone by using the slide-out keyboard is excellent.And so is the idea of a fast processor a and decent amount of memory, with the latest Android version that you'll get and install from Sony.So on paper, this is the phone I always wanted (I had big phones that don't fit in my jeans' pockets)... the thing is: it just does NOT work!The touchscreen just get random from day 1 and after 2/3 month you start missing parts of the screen at random.Rebooting would just fix it sometimes, sometimes it would have no effect, sometimes it would make touch worst.Browse the web and you will find thousands of people with touchscreen problem on the phone: this a defect that Sony does not want to cure.I did replace touchscreen and display but the new one is even worse: it would fade to greenish in the corner and would cause auto-selection of return key at bottom-left of screen: very annoying! I think I will replace it again.Rest of the features are also great... if they only worked.The phone quickly gets out-of-memory, with applications (like whatsapp) refusing to update and needing clearance of buffers, cache, programs, updates themselves.Then sometimes the screen disappears at end of conversations, so you can't even select the red handset icon on screen (it just would not reappear).And finally the reboots: recently the phone started rebooting for no reason. Nobody can explain why.A BIG shame: such a nice phone (music is great, wifi is no prob, GPS is quick to get the signal), if it only worked!

In my humble opinion, this is the best phone currently available on the market. For only $250 you get a powerful phone,running up to date Android. This phone is perfect if this is the type of phone you are looking for. It's not a mini tablet, it's not meant to be. It's not an iPhone or meant to be an iPhone killer..... This is for people looking for a different kind of phone. Its a small, functional, professional, and a full powered smart phone.PROS:-Powerful-Well thought out O/S System-Great Key Board-CompactCONS:-Short Better life (about 36 hours or so with light use)-A bit chunky (you get used to it after a day or two)-Occasional glitches with the OS

I bought this phone, the black model, direct from Amazon for about $270 and have been getting used to it the past several weeks. It's my first Android smart phone, so I'm having to learn both the new handset and a new OS, after having used E-Series Nokia phones for many years.One of the things that drew me to this model was its hardware keyboard (in addition to the on-screen ones it offers in both portrait and landscape modes). With the Nokia E-Series Symbian models being discontinued, there aren't a great number of quality, high performing smartphone choices with hardware keyboards. But after doing a lot of research, I settled on this one, and thus far am glad I did.I'm a tall guy with large hands and long fingers, but the keyboard on the MiniPro works fine for me. The keys have a firm click-type (non-audible) touch and are nicely spaced and tactile. The slide out mechanism as others have noted is solid and firm, no jiggering or bending when the keyboard is extended.I too found the build quality to be quite good, notwithstanding the plastic case materials. Despite reading the comments in prior reviews here, I had no trouble snapping off the back of the phone to access the battery and SD card and SIM card slots. On my model at least, the back snaps on and off securely, but easily. I was never worried I was going to break anything trying.When closed, the size of the phone is surprisingly small in terms of height and width, but it is a bit chubbier than non-hardware-keyboard phones as you'd expect. But it feels good in the hand, is easy to hold and handle and doesn't feel slippery. That said, it easily fits inside a man's shirt or pants pocket.Even though it's not a dual core processor, the response of the phone is swift and smooth, no lagging or stuttering. The screen image quality is quite good, though at about 3 inches, you wouldn't want it any smaller. But I have ready access to desktop and laptop PCs most of the time, so I wasn't looking to carry around a large screen in my pocket.I do have a couple of gripes about the phone, though.--One is the design of the small plastic cover of the micro USB slot that's used for data connections and charging the phone. It's a small plastic piece that you have to pry open with your fingernail and pivot out from its resting place. Then once open, the little plastic piece just hangs loosely and dangling there attached by a very tiny connector. A sliding cover or some other approach would have been much better for an otherwise elegant phone. The way the little cover hangs there annoyingly, I almost want to cut it off and just leave the micro USB port uncovered.--Another is when I set up the phone, I followed the very minimal paperwork included in the box, and used common sense based on my familiarity with computers and smartphones. But when I tried to use the main camera on the phone, the images were all blurry, even after I cleaned the exterior lens surface with a soft camera lens cleaning cloth. So I ended up taking the phone into a Sony shop to have them take a look at that problem. And to my surprise, they said there had been a small (I assume protective) plastic film sheet covering the main camera lens. I swear, I never saw it, and didn't see any info about it on the phone's setup info. But once removed, the camera takes very nice photos for a 5 mp snapper with auto focus.Other misc things, the sound quality and loudness on calls and playing music etc. I found quite good. I liked the feature in the camera whereby you can focus and take a phone just by tapping anywhere on the view screen (apart from also having a physical camera shutter key). Also the accelerometer that automatically shifts the phone's display between portrait and landscape works smoothly and quickly.Add in full access to the Android Market, good video recording, FM radio included, a 2 GB memory card included, the included Flash video playing capability, WiFi N, and stereo Bluetooth, and Sony has packed a lot of powerful capabilities into this small package.It's not the slimmest or most elegant or highest specced Android smartphone on the market, but it's a great phone at a great price, especially if you're buying it out of your own pocket and not on a carrier contract discount, that pretty much can do anything you want to do for business/work or for personal entertainment.PS - Just as a quick follow-up, now Jan. 2013 and this phone is still going strong and performing well. Just last month got the Ice Cream Sandwich OS via download, and it seems to work OK with that, at least for me. Everything I said above in my original review I still hold to.One thing I managed to solve was the dangling micro-USB slot cover issue. Following another user's suggestion I read on one of the Sony forums, I took an Xacto knife and cut/shaved off a tiny portion of the interior part of the cover (the part that fits into the micro USB slot cover). I DIDN'T cut off the dangling cover itself. But after trimming the inside tab a bit, the cover now can be inserted and removed with my fingernail much easier, and no longer drives me crazy as it did when I first got the phone. Sony, unfortunately, just made the original cover fit a bit too snugly. But that's something any user can easily remedy.Lastly, having used the phone for more than a year now, I want to comment also on what a good camera it has for just a 5 MP model. As anyone familiar with such things knows, it's not automatically the case that a higher number of megapixels is going to mean better quality images. There are lots of mobile phones out there with 8+ MP camera, but read the reviews, and you'll see many, many produce noisy, artifacted, oddly shaded photos. After having had a year to compare my mobile phone's photos with those of friends and family members using other smart phones, I'd certainly say the MiniPro's photos are among the best quality that I've seen.

I have been saved from making a bad purchase by many honest reviewers on Amazon.com So I decided to give back by taking time out of my day to help other buyers like myself make an informed decision when purchasing an item.Here is my humble opinion from a on the go traveler as to why this is the phone for you.(note I own both an Iphone 4s, an Ipad 2, a Asus Transformer Prime and a Sony Ericsson X10 Min pro, motorola atrix and the motorola flipout).1. It's A Quad Band Unlocked GSM Smartphone.  Apple has a larger selection of apps and generally better quality apps, Apple apps are generally more intuitive and easy to use, apple apps even look better BUT with this android phone You don't have to risk 600 USD to jail-break this phone when you travel overseas. With the Sony Ericsson X10 mini pro all you do is pop in the sim and Viola...you are ready to use your phone in Asia, Europe, South America etc.. This is one factor that makes it a great travel phone.  But not all android phones are created equal!  Motorola Atrix and flip out both require you to log into MOTOBLUR when you install a new sim and when you turn your phone on.  This added step to use my phone was so annoying.  But with sony ericsson mini pro you just turn the phone on and your good to go.2.  A long lasting battery with a Quick Recharge time!  compared to atrix, iphone 4s, and flip out.  Im not a tech guru and this is just my observation of this phone with the same amount of apps with the same usage for all 4 phones.  The atrix and flip out are horrible had to recharge 2-3 times per day kinda defeated the purpose of having a cell phone.  The iphone 4s was better 1-sometimes 2 times per day.  Sony Ericsson Mini pro 1 time every 2 days. The charge time is very quick too!3. Can Transform into an Ultra Space Saving Workstation, Gaming/Media Center. Most Hotels that I stay at in third world countries have video in and out but no HDMI connection.  If you buy a SonyEricsson IM700 TV-Out AV Cable you can turn any hotel tv into a monitor next you will need aSony Ericsson DK10 LiveDock Multimedia Station for Xperia active, Xperia arc, Xperia arc S, Xperia neo, Xperia ray and Other Smartphones  - Retail Packaging - Whitethen all you have to do is hook up your keyboard and mouse and you have a mobile computer.Total cost: $12 RCA Cable + $45 livedock = $57  and everyone should have a keyboard and mouse so that is no extra cost.4. Physical Keyboard (This is just personal preference) I hate using the fake keyboard on the touchscreen I do not swipe and hand written notes on a phone is even worse for me.  I need the tactile feeling of the keys that I use along with the light up keyboard to type and text with.  In this case old school is better for me.5. Very Durable I am clumsy and I drop my phone often(thus the long list of phones that I have tested)  I have dropped my sony ericsson several times with no case from 3 feet and it still works like a charm.  But when I accidentally dropped my  Iphone 4s from 1 foot the screen shattered.  I have since bought a lifeproof case to protect my already expensive iphone so really the basic cost of an iphone is 660-700 dollars for just the hardware, which brings me to my next point.6.  Anti-theft deterrent phone (well kinda).. Thieves target and steal expensive and popular electrons to make money it makes sense because in my travels I have seen many stolen iphones on the black market.  At 660 dollars!  Getting your Iphone stolen is not only a. more likely to happen but b. will really hurt your wallet. With the sony ericsson xperia mimi pro at 200ish your phone will be less of a target by thieves and if it does get stolen or misplaced you will not feel the sting as much as you would if you lost a jailbroken iphone at 660.7. Propriety Software. Timescape is the bomb!  It is a one stop app that list all of your calls, facebook, twitter, text, messages all in a stupid simple interface that is easy to use.CONS:  Reasons not to buy this phone !1. Don't buy this phone if you have poor eyesight! Small Screen Size but Small phone. The phone is pretty small easy to carry and when you travel space is important.  But the drawback is the small screen it is not bad enough to make the phone unusable but it is bad enough to make it annoying especially when you just switch from an iphone 4s and atrix to this small screen.  But once you get use to it it is not bad.2. Not Fashionable. If your goal is to rock out at the club and look good while making a phone call get the iphone or another phone but this is not the phone for you!  This phone is fugly it looks like it was stuck in the 90's but then again I cared more for function not fashion to each their own.3. Want The Best Apps.  If you want the highest quality apps that look good then go with apple hands down! Android apps aren't bad but they are not the best but they do seem to have more variety of apps just of lesser quality when compared to apple.4. Want the Easiest smartphone to use.  Apple apps are easier to use but android seems to have a lot more customization options.  But if we are talking about strictly ease of use apple wins hands down. Even buying apps for android is a pain at times.  You have apps on google play, amazon, sony play and more...as a buyer or developer who wants to go to search through 3 different store to buy an app? But I guess you pay for variety!5. Will lose in a pissing match.  If you want to brag about the processor or the best screen resolution etc..etc.. this phone will lose as all phones will in 6 months since new phones are always coming out! This phone does not have the very very best camera or the very best screen resolution.. If the very best of the best is important to you this is not the phone for you.In the end I choose this phone to travel and save money.  I dont have to buy 2 phones one for home and one for my travels abroad.  I dont have to buy the phone twice because it is very durable.  And when it gets outdated I can get more milage out of it by repackaging the phone as a mini computer or web tv device or just give it away to a person who needs it in a third world country. I hope that after reading my review you can make a informed decision if the sony ericsson xperia mini pro phone is ment for you as it was for me.  Thank you for taking the time to read my review and please rate it up if it helped you.

My Xperia Ray went dead and need a backup phone qucikly.MobileCityOnline send the phone to my Canada temp address quickly, item arrived within 5 days.xperia mini pro is quite thick and not palm friendly (kinda awkward when using one hand to press number on touch screen), ray is better.other than that it function the same as ray. of course it has the keyboard which make typing much easier.not so bother with the 3" screen, it's good enough for a phone less than $210.Sam

Starting out this phone was great, all the options of a large phone in a small size. Then right at the year mark when I slide it open the screen went black. I contacted Sony service and they said reset and update it. All that did was cause me to lose everything, after more research Its the flex cable...a pain to fix. Now the screen will just go black and lock up for no apparent reason.UPDATE: Downgrading to 1 star. That's a true 1 star (I'm not intending it to be less)because it did perform great for 1 year.  The phone in the past month is getting even worse. Now the screen randomly goes black and I can't do anything and have to take the battery out to restart it; that happens AT LEAST 4 times a day.  Then about a week ago I started getting this mutli-colored lines running through the screen and while I can still accomplish everything on the phone this is just 1 more of the increasing annoyances with this phone.  I think I'll be steering clear of Sony phones from now on...

I Love this Xperia, it's one of the best &#8220;mini&#8221; phones from Sony Ericsson.  I bought this little boy in late 2011&#8230; Its design is very strong, i've dropped it several times and is still working like the fist day&#8230;

I have the X10 Mini Pro (U20a) and I love this little phone.  Was bummed that not all programs would download because of screen size.Other bummer with the (U20a) was 600 processor speed and SE only delivered on up to 2.2 Froyo.  So I Could not move programs to the SD card.  I got around this by rooting the phone thanks to the gang at XDA.This new version of this phone Mini Pro (SK17a) Code name "Mango" is FANTASTIC:1000 Snapdragon processorMore Ram2.3 Gngerbread opsLarger Screen (no more refusal to download from market)Can move programs to SD card w/out root (could still be better SE)Keyboard resist fingerprintsEverything is faster, smoother,Only neg: Hard to find (aftermarket)accessories just yet (beside battery, chager)

UPDATE. After almost 6 months of use, I am absolutely in love with this phone. The dimensions may still be a little unusual, but the performance is flawless. I LOVE the features, the quality. Have dropped it a few times on the concrete and no marks! It looks cool, radio and camera work well, messages are easy to type with the keyboard. The display is bright and crisp, and very responsive. Oh, and no need for the screen protector - the screen is scratch resistant. So, a 5-star product.This phone functions as described and technically I have no complaints. However, I am a bit disappointed by its dimensions. The screen is too small for comfortably surfing the web. Of course I know this is a phone and not a laptop, but the screen is too small nonetheless.Also, while talking, it feels too thick for its shortness. My concern is not the thickness itself (I expected a thicker phone), but rather the shortness of the phone. One would expect a longer phone to compliment this thickness. I think I would have liked a full sized Xperia better. Should have gone for that instead of hunting for a smaller phone.The battery life is average, I think it lasted almost 3 days on the full charge. I have talked very little but WiFi was constantly on. Now I have turned it off and seems like that would gain me another day of battery life (mind you I literally talk maybe 20 minutes total on the charge).Overall, a nice device technically. However, be sure you don't mind a smaller screen and a shorter, thicker phone if you decide to go for this one.

I was looking to buy a smartphone but I am not a fan of the touch phones. I use my phone to send and receive emails and I was looking for a phone with a slide out keyboard as I really hate the touch screen keyboards. I have always been a fan of the ergonomics of sony ericsson phones and the moment I laid my hands on this one, I knew that this was the one I wanted to get.I am very happy that I made a smart buy. This phone is packed with features and with its small size it is just what I needed. The keyboard is awesome and it really enables me to type faster. I got an upgrade to the latest Android OS as well, and of course the app store is full of exciting apps, most of them free, which can make this phone a fully loaded package.  It has been a couple of weeks that I got this phone and since then I have been using my laptop less and less for emailing, maintaining a calendar, browsing some quick stuff etc. I especially like the way the phone is customizable to a great extent so you can literally configure it to your preference and liking. I am a photographer and I checked the camera very closely as well. I think it is a very decent one for a phone camera and I am actually planning to do a couple of projects using that camera to try it further.Overall an excellent buy.

I was researching Android phones for a while, before I decided to buy this one.A big reason being, the form factor.  Most new Android phones are either big and/or bulky.I love the phone for it's sheer size and great display.Pros:SizeSizeSizeSlide out keyboard is simply awesome to text with.Cons:- Volume button on the side doesn't protrude out as much as it should.  This makes toggling the volume to be a bit of a challenge.- Similar form factor difficulties with trying to open the phone to insert battery/SD Card.- As mentioned in other reviews, the battery is pretty bad.  But you also need to cut the phone some slack.  It's a smaller phone.  I never had an external app installed that could suck battery, but after about 8 months of use, I had to charge my phone every day, if not it would die at some point on the second day.- The phone does not have the same finish that one would come to expect from a Sony product.  I have owned many Sony products over the years, and the form and finish are exemplary.  I guess this is probably due to the phone not being made in Japan.Will I buy another one of these again?  If Made in Japan, definitely yes!

I have owned this phone and enjoyed it for two years.  It's the only sliding keyboard phone upgradeable to Android 4.x . The camera isn't as good as what I would expect from a Sony and there's a ton of malware you can't uninstall.  It also has very little internal memory and you can run out before you've installed half a dozen programs.  Even with these flaws, the durability and the keyboard make this phone a win.However, there no longer appears to be anyone selling truly new versions of this phone.  You will see a lot of people advertising these phones as new, but they are really used or refurbs.  I learned this the hard way.  Read through seller feedback.  Even if Amazon takes the blame for shipping the wrong product, it's possible the product was not correctly described in the first place.If anyone knows of a place that sells factory unlocked new versions of this phone, please comment.

FIRST, NOTE TO T-MOBILE SUBSCRIBERS:  Just know that this device's 3G connectivity (UMTS/HSPA Bands 1/2/5) IS NOT compatible with T-Mobile's 3G network (UMTS/HSPA Band 4).  You WILL ONLY be able to use the phone as a GSM phone with a very much slower GPRS/EDGE data connection.That said, this is an amazing little wonder, the like of which the market hasn't seen for quite a while.  It is purposely designed to be tiny, so any point about its tiny screen is moot.  Coupled with a WiFi connection (or perhaps AT&T; data connection -- please check first!) the phone is so fast it is practically a miniature computer!THere was never a lag in opening and executing multiple apps, and I must say the screen resolution is beautiful for a screen that size.  The slide-out keyboard, small as it is, is extremely usable, making texting effortless.  If you want the smallest, yet highly usable, Android phone with a real keyboard, I'd be surprised to find anything else quite like it in the market today.While I wouldn't call them stunning, most of the pictures produced by the phone camera are of decent 5-MP quality, with outdoor setting more preferable.Anyway, here come the pros and cons:Pros:- Highly portable,- super fast processor,- Android 2.3.3,- wonderful screen and keyboardCons:- Back cover is so badly designed -- It is nearly impossible to open it withoutfeeling you're going to break it or without hurting your fingertip after usingyour nail to open it.  Practically, you have to pry open!!- It is just as impossible to open the little cover protecting the mini USB isjust as impossible!!!

If you love an android smart phone but you miss having a slider keyboard, this phone is for you. I am so happy with my purchase. And the processing power on this phone makes my former Samsung Galaxy phone seem like a horse and buggy.

I just going to say, that this smartphoe is AWESOME!!!!, recommended for everyone who want a terrific tecnology hardware!!. Solo puedo decir WoW, 100% recomendado a todos uds.

I'll just hit the big points...Build-The Sony Ericson Xperia Mini pro is a very solid built phone.  I have the white one and I'd say it looks very good.  Definitely an attractive design. The keyboard slides out and it doesn't seem flimsy.  The Buttons on the keyboard are good sized (I have no problems using it and I have bigger than average hands.  They also have a very satisfying click when depressed.  Other reviews say the battery cover is hard to get off and I'll confirm that. (it was a hassle because I didn't want to break the phone the day I got it.  Other reviews say the charger door cover is hard to remove that is not true (at least in my case.)Screen- excellent quality, it is bright has a good viewing angle.  It's about 3in which is on the smaller side but I have no problem with it. (it gets the job done) The Sony Bravia mobile engine does a great job of rendering photos and videos.UI- this is where the phone really shines.  I love Sony's interface.  It makes use of the space that it is provided and it does this well.  It has four corners on the main screen that you can put up to four apps in each for a total of 16.  Definitely handy especially for those more commonly used apps.  Overall a very playful interface.Sound Quality-  During calls (my end) sounds good no static or random noises.  other end  people tell me that they can hear me great so I'll take their word.Speakerphone- another great feature of the Xperia Mini.  Very loud, no distortion.  Great quality with Xplod on.I use this phone through AT&T; and all I had to do was put the sim card in and it worked. 3g is fast.Overall this phone is excellent 9.5/10. The only con is it's on the thick side.  Hard to fit into pockets. (easy for women [purses] for men it defiantly has presence in your pocket.)Great interface, great sound quality, amazing build quality, very fast 1ghz processor. (I haven't experienced slow down yet.  If your looking for a compact smartphone loaded with features THIS IS IT.  I would recommend this item with confidence.

The phone came, worked great and looked like it was new.  I soon realized that the keyboard didn't correspond the what it actually typed.  So I assume when they refurbished they replaced it with the wrong keyboard.  I contacted the seller and there was no response.  I got used to the keyboard but still a very frustrating experience.

Excellent I'm happy with my phoneIt is fast. The graphics are great, the can is the best, this is a very nice choice! Just excellent

Very nice gadget, feels just like a computer in the palm of one's hand. Very good as a first smartphone for newcomers, with only one minor setback-the charger lid is hard to open unless you have grown nails. Otherwise, it provides a solid hand grip as well as instinctive operation to anyone accustomed to using a PC. Plus, it also supports non-Latin languages. Lastly, the physical keyboard is easy to use, yet it beats me why the virtual keyboard was not assigned an individual (virtual) button for each letter. All in all, a good choice despite the fact no manual was included in the box!

UPDATE: I upgraded my phone to Android 4.0 using SE's Update Service and this seems to have solved my problems with fingerswipe navigation so up bumping the rating back to 4-stars and update the review.TLDR; This is an attractive phone for people who want a stylish *compact* Android smartphone with a physical slideout keyboard.  It does have some problems with finger swipe navigation and to fix it you'll want to install SE's Update Service from their website and upgrade the phone to Android 4.  Also, unlike its predecessor the X10 Mini Pro, the keyboard layout/backlighting has gotten a little worse making it difficult to use in certain lighting conditions.  Owners of older generation X10 Mini Pro may still want to keep their phone unless they really need or want the faster processor, larger display, and Android 2.3/4.0 needed to run newer apps.  The SK17a also comes with even more free SE installed bloatware that you can't uninstalled (without rooting), can't kill, and will reduce battery life and memory, although battery life is still expected to be much better than the X10.I just received my SK17a, new, unopened from Wireless Experts fulfilled by Amazon.comIn my review, I've list the contents and give my first impressions, and do a brief compare of the "Xperia Mini Pro" SK17a and its predecessor the "Xperia X10 Mini Pro".BOX CONTENTS------------------------------------------------------------(1) Sony Ericsson Xperia Mini Pro White (SK17a) phone(1) Screen protector (pre-installed on to the phone)(1) Extra screen protector, cleaner, and applicator,(1) 2 Gb microSD card (pre-installed inside phone)(1) **BLACK** Handsfree in-ear stereo headset/microphone 3.5mm(1) Battery, (1) AC to USB wall charger, (1) USB to mini USB adapter cableThere is no user manual and it only contains 4 pamphlets: US Safety Guidelines; SAR/FCC Statement; Important Information (English); Informacion Importante (Spanish)Some relevant information on stickers affixed to the box"GSM/GPRS/EDGE 850/900/1800/1900 UTMS/HSPA Bands 1/2/5""Packaged in China from US and imported components...US Warranty White New"Note: UTMS/HSPA 1/2/5 correspond to bands 2100/1900/850)UNBOXING AND FIRST IMPRESSIONS------------------------------------------------------------CHEAP(ER) HEADPHONES WRONG COLOR - This phone came with cheaper headphones than those included with the previous generation X10 Mini Pro and the wrong color.  They are not the color or style shown in the picture.  They are like cheap black earphones from the 90s.  The older generation X10 mini came with noise reducing earbud headphones with silicon cover that fit snug in the ear canal. I'll be writing SE on this.NICE COMPACT DESIGN - The phone fits comfortably in the hand and the QWERTY keyboard slides out smoothly with one hand and little effort.  The sliding action is better than previous generation X10 Mini Pro (black) and *much* better than the new "txt pro" (white) (both of which I also own).  The back of the phone is smooth hard plastic unlike the grippy surface on the X10 Black or slippery surface on the "txt pro" white.TWO SCREEN PROTECTORS INCLUDED - SE shouldn't have bothered to include the extra screen protector.  Only when I tried to apply it to the phone did I realize it already had one on *facepalm*.  The screen protector on the phone is almost flawlessly applied and covers the entire face of the phone edge-to-edge (again unlike the X10 which came with a protector that only covered the display).  It's not one of those used only to protect it for shipping and should last for months just like the extra protector would have had I not ruined it. *g*NO USER MANUAL - There's no user manual or detailed features/specifications. I guess SE assumes anyone purchasing the phone will do so through a retailer or will look up the information on the SE website. They should have provided a basic user manual.  Instead, SE prints 5 illustrations on the flaps of the box that show how to install the battery and sim, and power up...that's it.SETUP AND DAY OF USE------------------------------------------------------------BLOATWARE - This is software/apps that SE has preinstalled and that you can't uninstall.  These apps launch and run in the background ALL THE TIME and can't be killed using a task killer because the relaunch again. This uses up memory and reduces battery life. A customer should not have to root their phone in order to uninstall software apps.POOR BACKLIGHTING ON NUMBERS AND SYMBOLS - Numbers and symbols on the keyboard are blue, and the backlighting is barely visible/non-existent (worse even than the poor backlight on the x10 and "txt pro"). This makes the keyboard unusable in low light situations.COMPARING THE Mini Pro SK17a TO PREVIOUS GENERATION X10 Mini Pro------------------------------------------------------------In short, unless you need the faster processor and newer version of Android to run newer apps, then keep your X10 Mini Pro.  I'll probably keep using my X10 as my primary phone.- Worse QWERTY keyboard layout and poor backlighting on numbers/symbols- The phone is only slightly larger than the X10 (to accommodate the larger display and new features) but still fits comfortably in one hand or pocket.- Larger, higher resolution display- Power button is now slightly raised (as opposed to flush on the X10 which was inconvenient)- Added front facing camera- Added cover over the USB port- A single physical home button plus two touch sensitive "buttons" replaces the three physical buttons on the X10.

At the begining it was hard to decide which smartphone would fit on me, after a couple of weeks making my own research for the "ideal" cell phone I decided the Xperia Mini Pro would be the perfect one; and I was right!It has everything: compact size, amazing looks, own style, physical qwerty keyboard, unbeatable touchscreen experience (the interactive corners are great!), front and rear cameras, LED flash,... what else? it records in HD, the Android 2.3 (gingerbread) is amazing, high speed processor (1 Ghz), capability to expand the memory and much more!I have to say I'm mesmerized with this device (and all it's features).Best of all: the price! I guarantee no one regrets the purchase.Are you looking for a new cell phone? Look no further: Sony Ericsson Xperia Mini Pro, you have to own it!

Very nice product, I like the Android 2.3, I only hope to update this phone to Android 4.Nice shaped,, very good qwerty keyboard.It should include a bigger micro SD, 2GB is ok but 4Gb are also cheap.

this is an awesome phone with really valuable price and strong features. It also looks better than most of the smartphones in the market so far. I love it so much!

The most lovely android smartphone for the size and the unique features that it gives you.I can say it really has a strong wireless antenna.

Remember when phones were small? Now most smart-phones seem to be like those great big bricks from the 80s. Not this.I had a Nokia N85 before and frankly that now looks like a piece of wood by comparison. It is just amazing what this little Sony Ericsson phone can do in such a small package....- fast processor- great connectivity including wireless of course- gps, google maps- decent camera / video so you are never without- qwerty keyboard for easy typing whilst on the net or messaging, emailing, etc.- facebook integrated- latest Android software and great apps(most are free!)Still haven't explored everything that it can do after a week, but have got it loaded with apps for the gym and to keep the children entertained when we are out, plus all my favourite newspapers are always with me. Can't fault it. It is very quick to respond and just amazing for the size. Everyone who has seen it wants one, including Blackberry users. One of my best purchases of recent years. Oh, and it is compact, did I mention? Perfect.Note: the SK17 Mini Pro is the 2011 replacement of the X10 Mini Pro, in case you were wondering (SK17 has bigger screen, faster processing, latest software, etc.)

cons:- Camera does not have zoom- Software too slow, it gets stuck many times, you have to turn it off to make it work again.- Suddenly it turnes off...- Its hard to handle, menu is kind of difficultPros:- Cheap- Good video- Nice that is android- smallDo not recommend it.

EQUIPMENT FAILURETHIS CONSTANTLY computer restarts, I installed FOLLOW UPDATES AND ADVICE HE GIVES ME THE SITE OF SONY ERICSSON AND STILL CONTINUED FAILURE. BUY THE PRODUCT TO BE USED IN VENEZUELA AND NO WARRANTY. SHOULD check the status of products before SEND YOUR BUYER.

My mom love it, it was a gift for her and she was so happy, she is no very handy with this things but with this phone everything seems easy for her

Always liked the Sony Ericsson Xperia for its features and size and durability.The size is one of the more attractive features for me and the functionality of the phone particularly typing texts for business purposes.  Definitely  user friendly for a woman's handbag.

Despite this phone can be considerate somewhat outdated for today standards do the lack of dual core CPU and 4G connectivity it working perfectly. I like small phone with QWERTY for my surprise this phone its smaller than I espect and I dont really use the QWERTY as much as I used to. I've been a BlackBerry user for years but I move on cause I like better the Android OS. This celphone its very hard to find in Puerto Rico, among my loveones Im the onlyone who have it, most people like bigger phones but Im not blind to need to carry a &#34;tablet that pretends to be a celphone&#34; lol. I hope for 2014 Sony Xperia wake up and make the Mini Pro 3 with a 3.5&#34; display, dual core CPU, 4G GSM, more memmory and a better battery. But for me that Im more into social networks, whats app and texting this phone its perfect :)

I use this on the AT&T network for work. I have Sprint service for my personal phone. It's the 4th Android phone I've owned. Simply amazing phone. The screen is beautiful. The interface is crisp. It's durable - mine once fell on the asphault after an NBA game and I found it at 1:30am that night. It was scratched on the case but didn't stop working. The only thing this phone doesn't do well is take photos; the camera is low quality. I'm about to buy a second 17a for my assistant.

Pros: smooth interface, decent screen resolution, good camera with good gadgetsCons: screen smaller than thought but got used to it, color of special functio buttons is GREEN and could be hard to see in some lighting conditions (esp the key board is not back lit)Other Thoughts: I think this would leave a good impression in any one curious about android phones like me. Would probably fit a female better given the size and design.

been using it for just about 5 days now. made the switch from blackberry, and was afraid the change will be too hard to manage.boy was i wrong, this little phone is BIG in every aspect. once you get used to holding it, its a dream to use. blazing fast. bought it specifically for the small size with physical keyboard, but the on-screen keyboard is fast and accurate even with my big fingers.no complaints so far.~~~~~~after a bit more time using the phone i still rate it 5 stars but there is one small build issue that can become annoying. the cover for the usb port can be incredibly hard to remove at times, and with the less than superb battery life this can cause some anxious moments. Solution?? remove the cover totally :)otherwise the phone still performs beautifully, even after adding quite a few apps to the mix. FB inside Xperia feature is great for syncing all my FB content to my contacts real time.~~~~~final review: been using the phone well over a year and i think its my best buy ever. drop it twice so far from about 2 feet each time, first landed flat on screen, second hit a corner and bounced around a bit ... no issues. I have turned off the 4G data to conserve battery so instead of half a day i can go 2 days on a charge now. also doesnt have tonnes of internal memory so move your nonessential apps over to the SD card to free up some space.

Overall, I love this phone.  I waited years for someone to build a small, reasonably-powered smart phone with a real keyboard, and I'm very happy that Sony-Ericsson finally came through.  I hope they keep this series in production.Still, some things could be better.  I hope readers of this review will use my comments to set their expectations realistically, buy the phone, and be happy with it. Then tell Sony about the improvements you would like to see in their next revision.CRITICISM---------Hardware--------The keyboard keys are a little too stiff, making it a bit of a chore to type.The space bar action is much shallower than the other keys, especially at the left and right sides of the bar, making it difficult to feel whether a keypress has registered.The top row of keys are around 2mm too close to the wall created by the front half of the phone, preventing even my small fingers from easily landing on them.The keys are arranged in a grid, rather than in slightly offset rows like a real qwerty keyboard.  This causes qwerty touch typists like me to continually hit the wrong keys.The dedicated text input settings key (the one with the wireframe sphere icon) is a waste of hardware keyboard space. A long-press on some other key would be sufficient to access such a rarely-used menu. I would rather use that key for a frequently-used purpose, like perhaps a second shift key.The keyboard slider mechanism has a little too much free play when closed, allowing the two halves of the phone to rock against each other.The front home button often gets wedged into an angled position instead of lying flat. This makes it sit recessed below the lower frame edge so it becomes difficult to press, and makes it look like it might pop off.The front home button requires too much force to press; so much that I have to move my whole hand, placing fingers on the back of the phone and my thumb on the button, so I can pinch to activate it.  Such a frequently-used operation like returning to the home screen should be easy, even when holding the phone with one hand.The power button is too small and too spongy, making it difficult to find in the dark, reliably press, or feel whether a press is registered.The micro usb plug is a bit difficult to insert or remove.  It resists unless I find the perfect angle, and always makes me wonder how long it will be before the solder joints holding it in place begin to break.The micro usb port cover is a hassle to open, and feels like a fiddly bit of dangly junk that seems likely to tear off.  Plugging the phone in for a charge should not be so irritating.The upper left side of the back cover (the long side with no buttons) moves inward and makes a creaking / clicking sound when I squeeze the phone's sides to adjust the volume.  It seems to need better internal support.The camera flash produces a green tint in photos.The ambient light sensor seems to be very unstable, often causing the screen backlight to flicker.The phone adds a distinct popping sound to audio recordings, which makes it a very poor choice for video and music capture.  This is a big disappointment coming from a media-focused company like Sony.There is no 1700 MHz UMTS support, which excludes the phone from 3G access on T-Mobile USA.  (Except in rare areas where tmobile has re-farmed some of their 1900 MHz sectors from 2G to 3G.)The phone is a little too heavy, about the same weight as an iPhone.It seems impossible to find a single-earbud wired headset that works with this phone.  It comes with a double-earbud set, but that one is too easily tangled and falls out of my ear when I only use one of the earbuds.  Two earbuds is too much for casual phone calls.  Since the 3.5mm jack uses an unusual pinout, very few (if any) aftermarket headsets work in it, and Sony doesn't seem to sell a single-earbud headset for it.  (Note: I am talking about headsets with integrated microphones.)If left connected to my computer's USB port while the computer shuts down, the phone spends the night discharging instead of charging, even though the usb jack continues to supply power.  I have to remember to unplug the USB cord and then plug it back in after my computer has shut down in order to get the phone's charging circuits to work properly.  (My computer has an ASUS P5K-EPU motherboard, and my older HTC Android phone doesn't have this problem.)The white LEDs behind the Menu and Back buttons remain at full brightness even when the screen backlight is dimmed.  They are too bright in a dark room.On the phone's front, the Home button and the earpiece feel too similar to one another.  This makes it difficult to distinguish them in the dark, and I often end up pressing on the earpiece thinking it is the Home button, and then pressing harder when the phone doesn't light up, before finally realizing that it isn't the Home button.User Interface--------------When at the home screen, opening the keyboard and starting to type sends my text to a search box.  I want a setting that makes my keystrokes start a new text message instead.  The Type & Send widget seems to enable almost this, if I happen to be viewing the home screen page where it has been placed, but it loses my first keystroke and consumes four precious home screen spaces with a useless and irritatingly large "Search or share" banner.When typing text, holding down the backspace key deletes characters far too quickly, so I always end up deleting more of a message than I wanted to.The built-in keyboard's word suggestions are often very bad, and the alternative word list is often missing the word I intended.  Because of this, gesture input is almost useless, and I have to be very careful when tapping at the software keyboard.When using the hardware keyboard while a third-party software keyboard is set as the default, the phone's status bar no longer shows an icon when the Shift or Mode keys are used.Touch screen scrolling is not as responsive as it should be.  In the web browser, the page seems to lag about a centimeter or more behind my finger as I scroll.  The same problem exists in the main settings menu, although the lag is less than a centimeter there.  Also, the home screen pages resist being swiped left or right.  Unless I carefully drag my finger across more than half the screen, the home screen starts to move and then defiantly snaps back to where it was.  I don't like having to fight with my phone's UI.  (The iPhone does not have these problems; it feels much more responsive, and I don't think it's a hardware issue.)When I move an application or widget into the the home screen trash, the trash icon animation takes too long, preventing me from tapping the applications icon until it completes.  This problem exists even when Settings -> Display -> Animation is set to "No animations".The telephone icon (a 3x3 grid of blocks) does not look like a telephone, especially when shrunk to fit one of the home screen's corner containers.  I think an icon resembling a classic telephone handset would be more intuitive.  It really should be easy to see how to make a phone call.Location Services-----------------The GPS functionality refuses to work unless I agree to data collection.  This is totally unacceptable, even if the data is supposedly made "anonymous".  I bought this phone, and I should be able to use all of its hardware features without letting Google or anyone else use my phone as a data collection device.  (Sadly, this problem seems to exist in Android's default configuration, so Sony would have to do a little customization work to correct it.)Calendar--------On month view, the colored event bars representing events after 6pm are compressed down to just a few pixels.  This is true whether the event is six minutes or six hours long.  The vast majority of the vertical space is dedicated to the first part of the day, while most of my events (which usually take place in the evening) are barely visible at all.Messaging---------When composing a message, a huge amount of vertical screen space is wasted by a needlessly tall, mostly empty text entry box.  Even worse, its height doubles after a single character is typed.  This almost entirely hides the previous message in the conversation, which makes it rather difficult to refer to what was already said.To make the matter worse, a panel keeps sliding down from the top of the screen to show the recipient's name and phone number, covering whatever sliver of the previous message might otherwise be visible.The text message vibration feature is an always-on or always-off setting.  There seems to be no way to make the phone vibrate for incoming messages only when I have the ringer volume turned off.  Therefore, I have to remember to open the messaging app's settings and check the "Notification vibration" box every time I turn off my ringer, and remember to undo that setting every time I turn the ringer back on.  This is silly and annoying.Browser-------The unicode U+266B character ' (beamed eigth notes) is missing from the web browser's built-in font; it displays as an empty rectangle, while other musical note characters display properly.Third Party Applications------------------------There are too many built-in applications that I do not want and cannot uninstall.  They clutter up my applications menu and waste storage space.  I should be allowed to remove them, and re-install them from Google Play if I ever want them back in the future.  A few examples of applications I wish I could remove: Facebook, ANT Radio Service, OfficeSuite, Games by PopCap.PRAISE------I love the phone's width and height!  Finally, a modern Android phone that I actually want to carry with me!It has a real keyboard!  Yay!The touch-sensitive Menu and Back buttons are well-placed and very easy to use.I love the consistent use of black backgrounds in applications, menus, and even the status bar.  This is much better than the blinding white background color used on other phones.  It is especially nice when playing videos, viewing photos, and using my phone in the dark.The home screen's expanding corner containers are implemented very nicely for the most part.  (I do wish they would hide themselves when I want to place an application launcher icon in the corner of a home screen, as they do for a widget.  Placing the launcher inside the container is functionally equivalent, but doesn't look as good in some home screen arrangements.)The CPU is fast enough to keep interactive stuff responsive most of the time.  (I wish it was all of the time.)The weather widget looks very nice, even though the AccuWeather forecasts are often wrong in my area.  (I just wish I could choose alternative weather data sources.)

I had one years ago, now I love it for my son. Excellent features and capacity in a small size. I hope Sony Ericcson present a newest version for this amazing device.

The charging connector built into the phone is &#34;fragile&#34; and broke in just about 6 months! I have a Galaxy S2 that is over 1.5 years old and have not had any issues with the charging on that device.Trying to figure out how to get the phone repaired.

I recently purchase a white version of the Mini Pro for a friend and got around to playing with it. All I got to say is that I'm amazed with the amount of feature and build quality that this phone has; which has got me jealous and I just order one.I'm just gonna touch on a few key features. Specs can be founded online.3" HVGA capacitive touchscreen - highly responsive and clear pictures showing vivid colors. Granted the screen is small but everything comes out in great detail. Best of all, the screen is glass. That's right; it's not plastic but the 3" screen is glass.Sliding Keyboard - slide open and closed smoothly and firmly. No flimsy construction here. The keys are space out nicely for your thumbs to type away.Battery life - This point is kinda useless since everyone has different usage. My friend who makes a lot of calls and text a lot of people with very light use of the internet manage to get a little over a day. I'm guessing if you use the phone a lot for music, videos, web and so on, you might need to bring a charger with you.5MP camera - This phone has a front facing camera and well as the rear. Both produces sharp, clean image. Not that great in low light, even with flash. Flash only on the back of phone.Construction - The build quality is great. This phone is a little heavy (a little heavier than lets say an iPhone)but it has a nice solid feel. The heaviness is expected from a sliding keyboard phone. The body is made out of plastic but the screen is glass. The Mini Pro is small so it may be easy to lose.The interface is nice. You have four corners to throw your stuff in along with the desktop to throw more apps on. This is Sony's own interface. All of it is running on Android 2.3.3. No lag at all thanks to 512MB Ram it has on board and the snappy 1 GHz processor. It has enough storage space for all your apps, 400MB to be precise, but less than that due to the other apps and system files on the phone.One last note, the battery cover is hard to take off. I had to use a little force to get it off. I'm not held responsible if you damage your phone.Update 6/7/2012I just updated the OS on this phone to ICS 4.0.4 and I have to say, this new OS brings new life to this phone. It's faster and more responsive. If you haven't updated, you should do so now.

This is the first Android cell phone I own and I must say I really love this device. It is fast, includes every possible characteristic you would need in a cell phone and has tons of apps in the store. I like this phone so much that I will upgrade by buying a xperia pro since the only possible non so much satisfactory aspect of this cell phone is its screen... sometimes it seems small.... I had a n97, a n97 mini, an e5, and a n8 during the last years... And this small device is superior to all those nokias... I don't have enough time to write a big review but if you have some questions just ask and I am going to answer them as soon as possible.

Update as of 10/18/2013. Tried solving the sliding keyboard issue with a new flex cable. Didn't work. Moved on to another phone, will probably euthanize this one. Too bad, I really liked it's size and features, just not built for the long haul.Update as of 6/2012. More sliding keyboard issues. This time, the screen goes blank any time I open the slider to use the keyboard. From researching, this could be a ribbon cable malfunction between the phone keyboard and the screen. Phone is still usable, but my main motivation for picking this phone over other designs is the small form factor combined with the qwerty keyboard. Since Sony took almost a month to do a repair under warranty, I'm reluctant to use them for a solution...Now that this phone is two years old, you likely have better options. Purchased phone for ~300, you can probably buy now on ebay for ~170. At that price, it may be interesting if you want the pocket size, the features and the qwerty keyboard. Just be aware that durability may not be good.I suppose it's possible that slider keyboards are problematic on other phones. Something to research before buying.****This is an update of a previous review where I gave the phone five stars. I've had this phone for six months.If you want a small package, decent features, qwerty keyboard, and newer android operating system, this looks like a great choice...however...For me, the qwerty keyboard was very important. Given its small size, typing on the screen is difficult. Obviously, the qwerty keyboard is a distinguishing feature, given all the phones out there without it, and for a phone this size, solves the text input issue.After six months, my qwerty keyboard failed. Backspace key would stick and either not work or erase an entire line of text (unintended).Opened a case with Xperia service. Phone's under warranty but I have to pay shipping and they want it for up to two business weeks. I offer to accept a new phone in order to expedite the process, but Xperia service will not consider it. They keep it for the entire two weeks; when I call in, they have no details on what they are doing. Going forward, I don't have much faith in this process or the reliability of the keyboard given its recent failure.Now, this IS a nice phone out of the box...but if you rely on your phone and buy new, I think you deserve something better than my experience...hopefully you will have a trouble free phone.

Very nice phone, it has so many features which makes it a great product: very fast and easy to use. Definitely: Great performance in a small device!

It's now considered outdated, but I loved this phone. It was small and compact, and fit in my jean pockets (I'm a girl). The keyboard was great and I loved being able to text with the phone vertically or horizontally. The screen was sometimes unresponsive, and the LCD eventually died on me, but overall, this was my favorite phone for its time. If they ever updated the OS, and the responsiveness of the touch screen, I would pay $400-$500 for it.

If you like sliders, there aren't many options on the market.  I like sliders and small phones and this is both.  I love it.  I don't think there's anything else that directly competes with this.  It also easily runs Cyanogen, so I have mine running Cyanogen ICS.  It's perfect!

For those of you out there that like a phone that is very pocketable, this is the one. Although it is small, the screen is vibrant and still large enough for everything except maybe watching movies(although they work fine).  It's slideout keyboard works much better than an onscreen keyboard IMO. The camera/video images are good quality and the front facing camera is great for video calls.  The phone has many useful gadgets: GPS navigation, camera LED flash, front facing cam, wifi hotspot, FM radio, facebook. And of course Android 2.3 with assurances from Sony of further updates when they come out.  All in all, a very functional mini phone. I am very happy with the quality and features.

I have had a Sony cell phone for years and have been very happy with it, but lately it started losing power and just not working well.  i travel a lot and often switch SIM cards so i wanted an unlocked phone.  i looked at gazillion different options but finally settled on this one (xperia mini pro SK17A) and it is wonderful.  i was instantly able to insert my SIM and hook into the service provider (tmobile in the US) i didn't have to sign up for a 2 year(slavery)plan and no need for the expensive data plan as it works just fine on WIFI. It is easy to use and small enough to fit nicely in one hand, an issue for me as i found most phones to be too big and clunky.  i also like to have the option of a full keyboard as touch screen texting can be very annoying, but both work really well on this phone.  the only very minor drawback is that the battery drains quickly and it has to be charged every day, but that is generally how all smart phones are, i.e. mini computers so they use more power.

Excellent phone, arrived in the estimated time. 5mp Camera, Wi-Fi, Android, touchscreen, qwerty keyboard. Excellent phone, arrived in the estimated time. 5mp Camera, Wi-Fi, Android, touchscreen, qwerty keyboard. Excellent phone, arrived in the estimated time. 5mp Camera, Wi-Fi, Android, touchscreen, qwerty keyboard.

Update 20/06/12This phone has continued to perform almost flawlessly. The keyboard has indeed been a lot more comfortable to use than on screen keyboards, and for those of us who write in multiple languages it's very easy to change among them to get accents and special characters. Data consumption when using only whatsapp and other instant messaging services is very low, I regularly use only 2.5% of my plan's monthly data.The only niggles are the light sensor which gets confused easily; from time to time it's a little sluggish (then again I always want technology to be right now fast); the camera is useless, but then again that's why I got a "real" camera; there is an update to a newer Android version but apparently it hasn't been released by my phone carrier; that update would let me uninstall the myriad applications which I never use, like Facebook. That lack of support from carriers could be a big negative for Android phones.Original review:Why you'd want to get this phone:- Real keyboard, no more futzing around with virtual keyboards.- Small size, for those of us who don't want bricks in our trouser pockets; this means a compromise for the keyboard, but it still works. The phone isn't as slender as others but it's very comfortable to hold in your hand.- For specific needs, like surfing, mail, maps, instant messaging, even Skype, it works great. You can get some work done with Google docs or other "office" apps. With Google+ I could even link to Picasa and quickly show some vacation pics using the entire screen - nice.- Be online without a data plan, or a limited data plan: easy to turn off data and use WiFi only.- Easy to use interface; you can put shortcuts to your most used apps in all four corners, which is handy; there's a notification area which can be "pulled down".There are few other options with physical keyboards; there are many with much bigger screens and dazzling design; the Nokia N9 in particular looked really interesting but some apps may not be available for that platform (no Whatsapp for starters), and Nokia's stance towards it doesn't inspire confidence (they finally make an appealing phone only to kill it, way to go Nokia!). Sony Ericsson also has a few slender variants with different screen sizes. The xperia Ray looks cute and is smaller, if you don't want a real keyboard; the arc looks fantastic but I couldn't see myself lugging around a phone that big.No cons so far, a few niggles:- The audio quality for calls is fine; for music it's so-so; my old Sony Walkman a818 still seems to sound better.- The battery doesn't last for long if you're on wifi and with the screen turned on all the time... Which is normal. Without wifi and turning the screen off you'll probably get two or three days; it can be charged via USB with a common micro USB adapter.- For the control freaks, there doesn't seem to be an easy way to remove the apps you'll never use, in my case Facebook and a few games that came preinstalled. You can root the phone but I don't want to spend time tinkering with it. I'm left with the impression that it's not really "my" phone.- Updating the OS can only be done through a program... In Windows!! Bizarre. Even a program for Linux would be more useful for those of use trying to leave the bad old ways behind...- There are tons of apps... Mostly time wasters.- If you slide out the keyboard the screen goes to landscape mode... But if you then slide it in, it goes to portrait mode, even if you are still holding the phone horizontally... The Home and Apps screens also show up only in portrait mode, even if apps and settings change to however you are holding it... One would expect a little more attention to these details.

Well I had a Dell Streak 5 as my main phone, but carrying around a 5" mobile phone gets old quick. So I thought I'd give this Xperia Mini Pro a try and I couldn't be happier. Its so small and easy to use and will do it all, plus Sony will be updating it from Android 2.3.4 to Android 4.0.x (around the end of May).It's an unlocked phone with a handy slide-out keyboard. I have big fingers but it works better for me than a touchscreen type keyboard. You can purchase different colored back panels to personalize the look of your phone. Its got 720p video recording, plays HD movies, music, GPS navigation, Live wallpapers, takes great pictures, works on both my t-mobile and ATT networks, accesses the web, uses Skype (or a better yet a free APPz that also need to have Google Voice installed (to use it) and this app also give free overseas calls over WiFi, it is called: GrooVe IP).I never understand why peeps pay so much to buy a separate GPS screen for their cars when they can just get one included on any android phone. Just that expense alone is usually more than the cost of buying most android phones.It comes with a 2GB card, I  replaced it with a 32gb card.. with no acceptance problems. Also comes with an 1150 (mAH) battery which does last forever, but I went on ebay and ordered a battery (EP500 for $10) from China that is rated at 2250 (mAH) strength (I also saw a 2450 mah, but it was $20).A feature of this watch is one the Mini Pro's (connectivity modes) is ANT+ - So things like Garmin heart strap, bike & foot pods, and other makers ANT & ANT+ gadgets will work using ANT+ enabled android apps, cool.. I had forgotten about that.I guess I could get a nice bike handlebar mount (for my roadbike) and use it as a display to see speed, heart-rate, distance, calories, compass, mph, etc.. All my Garmin sensors for the Forerunner 305 watch work perfectly on this phone. Plus u can download a Garmin android app from the market for $.75 to display these sensor readings on the phone: Foot pod, bike pod, heart-strap.The more I find out about this phone, the more I'm liking it.Hopes this help some peeps try this unlocked phone out..

I purchased the model of this PHONE specifically for use in the United States.  There is an international version of this phone that I purposely avoided.  However upon receipt of this product, I noticed that the phone that they shipped to me is the INTERNATIONAL version.  Further inspection of the packaging showed information of the product labels as very misleading.  I actually observed a sticker that states that the phone is the International version and another sticker label next to this is as the United States version, mind you the Amazon site completely labels this as the United States version.  To complete my inspection, the phone tags themselves show that the phone is the International version.  Very very misleading indeed...and one can conclude misleading selling practices. What a major disappointment.  Slight changes in the phone model from International (EUROPEAN) vs. United States version can be a difference with a phone functioning to its full capacity or NOT, due to differences in cell carrier frequencies.  A very disappointing experience from this third party seller.  The only positive (the 1 star that I am giving) thing is Amazon's customer service working with me directly to process the refund and return.

The phone was in good condition. It is way too expensive with a small display. I love the QWERTY which is helpful for doing most of the tasks on the phone since the display is too small and it sucks with the touch screen keyboard. The overall performance of the phone is below average. The processor is 1ghz but it does not perform to its potential. Calls and signal drops most of the time. Features r not a lot and it is hard to use them with a small screen. The battery life is average. Music is excellent with the equalizers and has good speakers. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I used to have a Sony Xperia X10 Mini and wanted a bit more screen real estate and exchanged my phone for the xperia mini pro. It was such a great decision. The keyboard on the mini pro is cool too with the back-lit , yes back-lit key just having that premier quality. Also different from the X10 mini , there is a full qwerty touch keyboard that does Landscape as well.The 1ghz processor is really fast and has no trouble streaming my Netflix movies. Android and this phone gels together really well.Price is not bad too.Only won't rate this a 5 * product is because of the USB charger port cover on the phone which is a bit hard to take off. Too much prying with your nails can damage the cover.

I was not sure if to get an HTC "status"/chacha or this one. I decided to go with the Sk17 due to the screen size and portability. Both are supposed to receive ICS so that was a plus for both.On to my review of the Sk17a.The device does not look cheap. Although its glossy white plastic. It feels strong and solid. I end up pressing more than i need to the keys in the keyboard but i guess thats because ive had a nokia n900 before. Not sure if i miss ICS on this device as it comes with 2.3.2 or .3 and now the device received 2.3.4 and via the pc companion software is supposed to receive ICS which i haven been able to install because the steps to do so are wrong. But i guess ill figure it out eventually. The device feels fast even with a Live Wallpaper (i use a matrix like one named"digital wall free"). Have already loaded whatsapp (which works pretty good) and viber (havent tested this one out) will load later on today Tango, Skype, Lync and others.Have tested PowerAmp (pro version) and works pretty good. Sound coming from the 3.5" stereo jack is pretty good. Although i never use the earphones any cellphone comes with. I am actually using a pair of iGrado's, Bose Over The Ear and some Big Red Sony ones which i dont remember the model right now (purchased at costco) and the device seems to have pretty good output. No complains there. i user poweramp due to a lot of Flacs and Alacs i like to listen on a regular basis. I have loaded a 32gb Sandisk class 4 micro sd card which i swapped from a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7" tablet. No problems when doing the swap.Unsure if the device was supposed to come the way it came. There was no foam or carton on the box. Still dont know if this device is new or refurbished with new covers. The contents of the box just were lose. The phone itself is not damaged or scratched.Really like the screen though its a 3" one it seems enough (for now, probly i will order the xperia pro once i test this one on ics or a droid 3 unlocked).Will do an ics review once i get to install it on this thing.

Update: There should be one star above 5 for this product, it's been like 10 months with this baby, and everytime it marvels me, i've become a developer and this phone has its tricks under the sleeve, with ICS the phone made a great leap ahead low and mid ranged phones and got a camera improvement to take sharp photos in every condition, then you find you can mod your phone and trully take out all of it's advantages, and then you find this little monster is lighting fast, your average phone wont do half this can do, amazing Sony amazing, just wating for Xperia Z, thats the next objective, not to mention that 200 bucks for this baby, it's like getting it free with all of its advantages, only remember to take your charger eveywhere with you lolI owned an xperia x10 mini before, and i wanted to upgrade my phone cause it was kinda sluggish, after doing my research y found that the new xperia mini pro was launched, so i bought it, and believe me it has fulfiled every spectation i had.Pros:-Snappy-Sexy Looks-Solid Build-Outstanding Speaker-Flawless Slider-Android 2.3.3 works like a breeze (all the benefits form this OS)-Same hardware as Top Xperia Phones (besides de Cam)-Confortable Keyboard-high Speed HSPA-Crisp Sound (headphones)-Excellent Call quality-Playing some emulators like N64oid is amazing, it works better than in Galaxy S, my bro has one of those-HD video recording-Real Flash Support, HQ videos on Youtube-Crisp Screen with BRAVIA engineCons:-Poor battery Life (charging twice a day, i'm a really heavy user by the way, i have juice deffender on it and it works fine)-The slider mecanism because of its nature, althought it is the best slider i have tried in my life, and i've tried a lot of them, makes the screen kinda loose when using the onscreen keyboard, so you will feel a slight movement and bumping of the screen with the keyboard, nothing to worry, only if you are picky with this detailsOverall is an amazing phone, it does everything you need and you want, better than Iphone 4 in many many areas, i highly recommend it, you won't regret buying it, you get everything you want and everything you need in a very small package, great work SONY ERICSSON

I received it with no problems. I love all the features and easy to use. It has recently broke due to falling onto concrete and after looking at a bunch of other phones I find myself being drawn back to this one.

I've been through a few phones in the past year or so.  I purchased a typical droid-style phone last year and never liked it.  I went back to dumb phones and was happy.  I missed having a GPS and good music-playing abilities, though.I am pretty impressed with what this thing can do with such a small screen.  It fits discreetly in my pocket and the keypad is nice.The first thing I did was upgrade to Android 4.0 and haven't noticed any sluggishness.  I recommend upgrading before you do anything else.

I got this phone about a year ago and love this phone. It is a little thick phone because of the slide keyboard, but it is compact that I can put it my pocket or small purse no problem. It has a lot of functions including office suits that comes very convenient time to time.Pro:Touch screen is very responsive.Fast processing.It takes good pictures and videos.Music sounds is really good.Cons:The slide keyboard is small, so I am not sure if this phone is for everyone. I got used to the small keyboard now, so I don't have any problem typing. The screen keys are very small.Battery life is not so good.

I was looking for a while for a phone to replace my aging Nokia 5230 (also, since Symbian is becoming more and more of a older operating system, there's not a lot of newer apps for it). I've looked at lower-end smartphones such as the HTC Explorer and the Samsung Galaxy Y as entry-level smartphones, but after looking at the specifications and negative reviews for those phones, I figured that I might as well invest in a phone that I will be using for a couple of years.So far, the phone has worked out great for me for the 4 weeks that I have had it so far. The GPS, using NavFree USA, has been super fast and reliable. I haven't had to worry about running out of room on this phone (I use a 16 GB card, maxing it out to 32 GB soon). It does all the basic functions (call, text, web) easily and reliably (and this is with a T-Mobile prepaid SIM card in the phone). The camera quality is great.The widgets on the home screens are removable if you want to change it up (unfortunately, there are some non-removable bloatware apps, like EA Games). The on board web browser and music player have much to be desired, however, but those can be replaced with Opera and Winamp for free from Google Play. The ability to upgrade from Gingerbread to ICS is also a good option, too (you end up having Facebook Inside Xperia and Norton Security disabled, but those were two bloatware apps, anyways).Overall, this has been a great replacement for my Nokia. I would recommend this phone for anyone wanting a starter phone to adventure into the Android world.

i like my new xperia mini pro, nice pics, fair video camera, fast browser, all in a little phone. much better than other twice its size.  I purchased this phone in december and so far so good

ESTE TELEFONO FUNCIONA EXCELENTE ACA EN ECUADOR TIENE TODO DESBLOQUEADO SOLO PARA METER EL CHIP Y ACTIVARLO NADA MAS Q ESO HASTA AHORA E TENIDO UN UNICO PROBLEMA Q TIENE Q VER CON LA ACTUALIZACION DEL ANDROID PUES FACEBOOK SE ME CIERRA O SE ME QUEDA TRABADO MUY SEGUIDO DE AHI TODO LO DEMAS ES EXCELENTE TELEFONO

Once battery drains [which happens very quickly due to poor battery time], even if you plugin the charger for hours it won't start or won't charge [due to some software issue probably]. A red light will keep blinking with nothing happening.Before you buy this phone, google for "x10 won't charge" or "x10 wont start". You will get plenty of hits with dreaded red light blinking. [I unfortunately didn't do this before buying]I bought this phone and had to return this in 2 days due to this charging/starting issue. Although I felt sad and relieved at the same time. Sad because it has very good look and relieved that this painful red light blinking problem went away once and for all.One more negative - if you own a Mac it is not a good phone for you. Sony doesn't provide a "pc companion" [software update etc. software] for Mac.Pros:The lookDecent camera - 5 MPCons:It doesn't seem to have a professional finish. Too many software issues - crash, hang, won't start, won't charge, not compatible with mac. Sony seems to have rushed this phone without proper testing.Horrible battery.No software upgrade software for Mac [which you will require badly for this phone with its software issues]In summary looks good and rotten inside.Two days I owned this phone were two of the most miserable days in my life. I wasted too much of my life trying to fix their horrible phone.  I will never again buy a sony ericsson phone.

I got this phone after seeing a friend with the same model. I love the size and keyboard. Android is great, though the phone does come with some uninstallable bloat-ware. Stupid pop-cap game software cannot be uninstalled and runs at start-up, wasting battery and/or memory. Battery life is pretty bad, but in line with most smartphones these days. It needs charged every night at least and sometimes I find myself charging it a while during the day.Overall, I like the phone and I am glad I got it.

As a fairly dedicated sony fan I have to say I am very disappointed in this phone.  I bought it because of the raving reviews here on amazon and because I prefer android smartphones with keyboards.My previous phone was the HTC dream (aka G1), the first android smart phone (on the market in 2008), and I much preferred the HTC dream to this sony phone!  In fact, I had 2 of the HTC dreams and was hesitant to switch models but the HTC dream is no longer being made (and the refurbished versions haven't lasted long for me).Like folks have said, the screen on this sony phone is a bit small.  What this means is that when the phone is closed (ie keyboard not open) in portrait mode, the touchscreen keyboard that is offered to you is much like a traditional non-smartphone keyboard (ie, not qwerty). This is not too big of a deal, since you can always switch to landscape or open the keyboard.  But, it's still annoying.The battery life isn't as good as my HTC dream.  Ok, admittedly I hacked the HTC dream so that I was able to upgrade it to a v2 Android OS, which greatly improved battery life (possibly worked 2x longer than it did on the original Android OS that it came with). Still, I thought that since this phone was a good 2-3 years newer, the battery life would be better.  Bummer...Another problem with this phone is that it came with a bunch of bloatware (including several facebook apps that I can't delete, at least not without hacking the phone), and the applications available on the android market app were far fewer than those available on my HTC dream.  I am not sure why this is? Certainly one possibility would be to hack this phone as well (assuming you can still root androids) and that would take care of the bloatware.  I was just about getting to that point when the touchscreen stopped working properly.Which leads me to my final complaint, the touchscreen isn't working!!  Ok, it will work sometimes, when it feels like it, but not consistently.  I ofcourse tried turning it on/off a few times and removing the battery, but nothing has worked.Argh.  Rather than tinkering more, I will probably just buy a new (non-sony) phone.#####################Update 6/4/12:The touchscreen has fortunately resumed working.Two more complaints though: 1) the keyboard is not full qwerty, so you have to press a blue button prior to each # pressed on the keyboard (this makes twice as many buttons to press for entering phone numbers,etc); 2) I have had trouble charging this phone with more than one of the chargers we have at home.  Sometimes it is plugged in overnight and then dead in the morning. Even if it is initially off/dead, plugging it in to charge can cause it to turn on partway and then turn off again.  It endlessly repeats this cycle and fails to charge.  The latter problem could be a problem with our chargers, as these chargers were not oem. But, our other phones have not had such charging issues with non-oem chargers.

This is a great little phone.  It's hard to find any relatively small phones with keyboards these days, so glad I found this one.  I'm coming from many years using Blackberry, so I'm very impressed with the speed and responsiveness of this phone; much snappier than the Blackberries I've used.I am using this phone in USA with AT&T; and 3G works great.  You do have to enter the AT&T; APN settings into the phone - Google for the settings.  Calling AT&T; to ask about 3G and APN settings was pretty much worthless - once you tell them you bought a phone from somebody other than AT&T;, they go into the "we don't support phones not purchased from AT&T;" mode.Overall a great phone - I would definitely recommend it if you prefer small phones with a physical keyboard.  However, if you need a huge screen and prefer virtual keyboards, then this phone probably isn't for you.** EDIT 7 June 2012 **For those wondering if this phone will get Android updates, Sony has released Android 4.0.4 (Ice Cream Sandwich) for this phone.  I'm running it, and while there are a few bugs as with any new software release, it's pretty good overall.

Excellent phone. Its 1Ghz processor and 512MB of RAM make it a is really smooth with next to no lag. If you are looking an small, powerfull and reliable phone this is for you. You must know it's a small phone, with a small screen, so if you have big hands this is not for you. Battery life is above normal on android phones, if you use it a lot, you will have to charge it every night. Camera is quite nice, it open really fast and can obturate several pics with a minimum of lag. Keyboard is very confortable too.Pros:-Fast-Small-Very good balance between price / productCons:-Small screen sometimes is difficult to pinch what you are trying to (I think Its because a low digitalizer quality than screen size)-Only 400MB of internal memory (If you install a lot of apps 400mb is quite poor space)Take care: Its a small phone, It is not for everyone

I bought it about three months ago and I'm loving it!It has two cameras (back camera it's 5.0 MP and has a incredible image quality). Front camera it's okay and useful, but the image quality it's not so good; I believe it's just a VGA camera. Besides HD photos resolution it also takes pictures in 3D, despite I've never used it.The memory card it's not good (only 2GB), but you can improve it.The GPS and offline maps work both great (of course, you have access internet before use the online map, then it's saved to the phone's memory).It's an amazing cellphone/smartphone. I watch movies online (netflix) and offline(SD card), I listen to my favorite music and I also use a lot the Play Store (former Andoid Market) to download apps and games.The words corrector is also terrific! It learns new words as long as you use them.

I've had this phone now for just over a year and a half. I bought this after doing research for 3 months to find the perfect phone. I thought that most of the phones available at the time were just too big - I had the EVO and wasn't very happy. This phone was perfect. It's just the right size to fit in my hand and my pocket. The slide out keyboard is great, but I don't use it all that often because I have a swiping screen keyboard. It is a good option if I'm wearing gloves or something. The keys are small so I wouldn't want to use the external keyboard all the time, but it works. The UI is great and the phone is eye-pleasing and easy to use. I don't miss 4g and since this takes GSM SIM cards, I've been able to try out a few different prepaid providers to see who offers me the best service. Cheap and easy, no contract with a cheap monthly payment. LOVE IT! I love that it has a place to attach cell phone jewelry because it makes my phone stand out next to all the iphones my friends have. I don't miss the screen space and can still read websites, write emails, and play games with this phone. I love that it has a physical home button as well as a 'back' and a 'settings' touch button.I bought a cheap plastic case from ebay for the phone, but realized that it made it look ugly and wasn't really necessary. I've dropped it a few times on the sidewalk and apart from a few cosmetic scratches, there was no damage done. I honestly have had no complaints with this phone and think it has a lot of life left in it. I've been really happy with it and would definitely buy it again.

As expected from a Sony product and an Android phone.Pros:- Great 5MP camera with led flash.- Easy access keyboard.- Very sensitive ans responsive touch screen.- Great performance under multitasking operation.- Comes with a protective film for the screen.Cons:- It could use a stylus. The device itself is very compact so it is hard to press some tiny buttons on the screen, specially when web-browsing.- Under some environmental lighting, the back light of the keyboard is hard to see. (I think this is a problem with the white version)- Battery life is short in comparison to others phones. I turned it on by 6 AM, and some days by 5 PM is under 20%, depending on the daily use. Consider that I use a 3G internet plan and its updating some widgets and apps all day long.

This small device works surprisingly well for typing large amounts of text, though its touch screen, gaming and browsing capabilities are somewhat limited due to its small size. It gets the job done, however, as more of a utility/text/information lookup device than a multimedia device.The device runs a pretty standard Android 2.3 OS with the addition of four multi-widget slots in the corners of the screen. If you're used to Android devices, you'll immediately be familiar with the basic application-with-desktop-widgets model.With the keyboard stowed, the device feels thick, maybe 1.5x thicker than an iPhone 4. The bottom edges are rounded and smooth and with its thickness, the phone can feel like a slippery bar of soap. With the tray stowed, the device can easily be navigated one handed using the thumb because of the small size of the screen.The keyboard pulls out with a satisfying but smooth slide and the device powers up from standby with a short, but bearable delay. The device feels solid, even with the keyboard out. The device is much easier to hold with the keyboard out as it feels much thinner. The keys are separated enough and responsive enough to make even, say, writing an essay on the device pleasurable. I found that I could type almost at the speed of thought with almost no errors. The backlit keyboard seems a little bit flaky though with the lights blinking on and off seemingly at random making the keys a little hard to read in the wrong light conditions.The screen is clear and bright, though the touch screen capabilities are a little lacking. Even pulling out the Android's top status bar is a chore because it's much too easy to mis-press. You'll often find your device doing random things, because of an errant touch screen press, though the Android's back button makes it easy to get back to where you were. I found myself navigating a lot using the arrow keys as it simply seemed less error prone.Call quality is OK and the ergonomics of the device as a phone are lacking (because of the width the height ratio and the thickness.) The ergonomics of the USB charging cover are horrendous as there's no good way to pry the thing open -- the slot for your fingernail isn't deep enough and doesn't provide any purchase, so you're left scratching at it until you get lucky. The power on button is a little bit small and requires a good push to activate -- luckily, you can just slide the keyboard try out to turn it on.Overall, not a bad little, with emphasis on little, device. It seems best suited for text based activities such as taking notes, texting, e-reading or reading graphic light web pages. I wouldn't recommend it for heavy game players or media consumers, but would recommend it for someone looking for something small and different.

The phone works in the US with T-mobile.  Especially, after the 1900 Mhz HSDPA+ was opened up.  In Germany, I used it with the prepaid provider Congstar which is a company of T-mobile AG.  It worked fine with them.

It's a really good & easy to use phone, however I returned it because it doesn't work with T-Mobile's Internet due to being the wrong Radioband.

it's so perfect for me. the camera and the image is perfect, and all specification are nice. im very happy. thanks.

This phone really is on par with any of the new android phones out there. Solid build. 2.3.3 is a good OS. Better than the iPhone 4 I think.

It's a great phone its size, functions, applications and more. Android system functionality is great, your camera, the screen resolution and size make this phone one of the best.

Sony Ericsson Xperia Mini Pro is perfect for me. I like the size of the phone and the key board setting. Touchscreen works very well and responses quickly. I definitely will recommend this smart phone!

Its Ok, but i think the product it's not NEW.  Because it was configurated like Unefon Brand Mexico. And Manuals are same.
