
After I used this Blackberry for a couple of weeks, the track pad stopped working. This made it impossible to do any action that requires scrolling (which is almost everything on a smartphone). By searching online, I discovered that this is a known problem with this model. The supposed correction is to upgrade to the latest version of the software but this only fixed the problem temporarily. After a while, even reloading the software didn't correct the problem. It is possible that there is also something physically wrong with this particular phone because my spouse also has one and it doesn't seem to be experiencing the same issue. OTOH, as with any electronic device, there is also the possiblity that there is a negative interaction between the hardware and software that is causing the problem that this phone is having because this phone is not identical to the one that my spouse has. (They are the same model but they were purchased from Amazon sellers and not directly from Verizon. They are slightly different in appearance and are quite likely to have different electronics inside them.) I do not recommend purchasing a Curve 9330 because the liklihood of having this problem is too great.

The product is good but it is old-fashioned. This discounts. House very poor. Only for CDMA operators. not work in Venezuela

I purchased this item for my son who had this same Blackberry he dropped his in water so of course stop working.  He is very happy with the phone so far it arrived quickly and even came with a case.  We are very satisfied with this Amazon purchase.

no era el producto que estaba esperando, me ofrecieron algo que realmente no esperaba, perd&iacute; mi dinero y mi tiempo.

Esta empresa deberia ser mas eficiente al momento de enviar el paquete o si ocurre algun error enviarles en espa&Ntilde;ol el detalle del mismo

Good morning! I am writing in order to solve my problem, which is that this phone is not compatible with GSM technology that is used in my country Venezuela. Why would like to know is the chance to change the product by the same team but with technology "GSM RELEASED." My contact email is jjcoronel@hotmail.com.Awaiting your prompt reply and we can fix this situation.Goodbye to you.Sincerely;COLONEL JONATHAN

When iPhone and Android OS came out in 2008, RIM's grip on the smartphone market was broken and their days were effectively numbered, unless they could adapt. Unfortunately, they didn't, and they continued releasing the same tired OS that hadn't changed much since early 2000. That being said, the Curve 3g is still a powerhouse when it comes to mobile devices. I've gone from a Moto Droid(1st gen), to an HTC Incredible 2, to the Nokia Lumia 900, and now to the Blackberry Curve 3g through Alltel. As my friends have told me, I'm going all underdog on this one, and I have to agree. However, for my needs, this is the perfect device. I own a Nexus 7 tablet and have a powerful PC. I don't need a miniaturized version of my tablet, nor do I need a 4" PC in my pocket. The Blackberry is made for a time when phone's were phone's, and they did their job well. My email syncs, the calendar syncs, all my contacts sync, and all my feeds sync. The notifications bar is wonderfully designed, and the trackpad is superior. I shouldn't even have to mention the outstanding battery life, but this phone makes the energizer bunny look inadequate. I love the physical keyboard, and didn't really know how much I missed it until I started typing. In short, if you want a phone with 7 useless homescreens to play Angry Birds with, then go with the Galaxy S3. But if you want a well-designed phone specifically for business and practical uses, then here is your winner.

LOVE THIS PHONE I DO NOT LIKE TOUCH SCREEN AT ALL SO MY HUSBAND BOUGHT ME A USED BLACKBERRY WORK'S GREAT

I cant believe Cellular Source did NOT send a charger with this phone, and I asked them to send me one overnight since they forgot to send it, and I still have NOT recieved it..Im not usinf this company again.Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 Unlocked GSM SmartPhone with 2 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth - Unlocked Phone - International Version - Graphite Grey

I just received my phone today and have had it plugged in for over an hour yet it still will not turn on. I emailed the seller and they responded immediately with helpful trouble shooting ideas. They recommended keeping it plugged in longer and if it still does not work they will send me a new phone and even pay for the return shipping. I recommend this seller and even if you get a bad phone just email them! They were very nice to me! I hope my phone turns on soon!

the phone is okay but it cannot work in Barbados. It does not carry a Sim card so i will have to sell the parts

not in very good conditions as it stated. beat up and front pealing off, would not buy if i could have sean it.

Phone barely loads web, seemingly 1 put of 30 attempts loads web as needed, really a huge disappointment, I don't even use, phone function is terrible.

perdi mi dinero en este celular CDMA . la empresa no sirve para media m....... mala es poco estoy decepconado como hago para cambiar el equipo que alguien me ayude

Really enjoyed this phone. Bought it as a replacement phone until i could end my contract and leave my current phone comapny. Worked as it should and decent phone for me. Overall decent phone average use.

Despite the bad reviews from international buyers complaining about incompatibility issues in their country, this is a great work phone! I use it for business purposes only. Phone calls, messages, emails, calendar, notes, and tasks, it handles all of them beautifully. No hiccups, no distracting apps and widgets to slow down the system. I have an iPhone 5 and an iPad Mini for entertainment and exploration, an Android as a paper weight, and I use my Blackberry for work. It syncs with my Outlook seamlessly, doesn't feed all my info to Google in exchange for glitchy cloud functions, it simply works. It's small, light to carry around, not pretentious, and takes care of business faster than any other phone I've used. I strongly recommend it to business professionals!

i love my new phone it is great it is great and cheap i was really superized og how well it worked

I received this rebuilt phone(advertised as new). It didn't work properly from the start. When i checked it out internally, it didnt even have all the screws in it. Junk. I would never order from this distributer again! :-(

QUIERO DARLE LAS GRACIAS POR RELIZAR TODAS LAS TRAMITACIONES NECESARIAS PARA HACERME ENTREGA DEL PRODUCTO A PESAR DE TODOS LOS INCONVENIENTES, DEBO HACER NOTAR QUE LO RECIBI EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES Y SUPERIOR AL QUE YO COMPRE

HI, I need the phone to bring it to Colombia will open the bands here because no official reason? I want to buy but that message creates doubts me!

este vendedor no especifica que el telefono no sirve con tecnolog&iacute;a gms y en Venezuela todas las operadoras trabajan con tarjeta sim lo cual quiere decir que perd&iacute; mi dinero

THe phone works well, pictures are adequate, cannot take video without a memory card, but functions well. the speaker is static-y at top volume, and i have not yet figured out how to set it lower automatically.  still i am happy, and i am not sure if that static sound came after i took it to the beach and got it sandy&#8230;. hmmm. may not be the phone's fault.

not specify the correct description of the phone, the phone is CDMA, not meant for use with chip. pesimo service provider

This is a good starter Smartphone.  It's not advanced as some of the newer models, but works good enough.  It's browser is fairly quick, but there are definitely not enough applications. The purchase was easy from Amazon.

Technology CDMA not compatible in Venezuela.The mobile phone i cant not useis not consistent whith the technology.thank for you help

it has been a year but the charge port stopped working. I dont think this should randomly happen after a year of use.

Mi operador de tel&eacute;fono en Venezuela Movilnet me enga&ntilde;o dici&eacute;ndome que me pod&iacute;an conectar cualquier telefono liberado a mi linea.

This is the second Curve 9330 I've owned.The first one I had was ultra reliable until I dropped it and the screen cracked after just over a year of heavy use. In the two months that I've had this new one, the screen has freaked out a couple of times and required a restart to clear it up.  It hasn't happened for a while now and the phone is otherwise great.  The screen issues are the only reason it gets 4 stars.  The compact size of the phone makes it easy to take anywhere.  The full keyboard is really useful if you can type and don't rely on auto correct for everything.  I use the phone once in a while as an SSH client, that is where the keyboard makes the phone more useful than any touchscreen I've tried for remote access services.  The camera on the phone is not very good, but sufficient.  For the price, the phone can't be beat.

This phone arrived quick and speedy. Great phone and great price. I look forward to using more products like this.

ninguna de las l&iacute;neas en Venezuela esta trabajando con m&oacute;viles sin chip, entonces esto queda asi? pierdo mis d&oacute;lares por un mal pedido?None of the lines at this Venezuela being employed with mobiles without chip, then this stays this way? Do I lose my dollars for an asked evil?

This is a great phone with lots of features. Good camera and very good reception. Would get this phone again.

does this phone come with the battery so i can know before i order it ? i want to know so i dont have to buy another battery

best service u can find>> from CA to NY less than two days plus its as is very satisfied. product came just when needed before scheduled drop off and im very happy it did

after about 4 days i got the phone and when i opened the box i found out i had to re install the os for the first of many times. also the screen on it started to collect dust and debris behind it after a while in my pocket

I was using a 3 year old android by Motorolla,this blackberry is much better and  easier to get around on compared to the all touch screen of the android

Gray - BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 2 megapixel camera with video capture, GPS, Wi-Fi for Verizon adquirido en el mes de octubre de 2012 es tecnolog&iacute;a CDMA es decir no tiene chip y en Venezuela ninguna operadora de telefon&iacute;a le asigna linea, es necesario que sea GSM es decir de Chip para que sea operativo en mi pa&iacute;s.

i got my phone today and was very excited to use it. i open the back of the phone was ready to use it. there is no place to put your sim card. i advise people not to buy this phone. it is a rip off

I liked the phone a lot but it didn't seem to be able to process emails correctly and I returned it.

hola, de los 3 celulares que solicite 2 vinieron da&ntilde;ados, este articulo lo solicite para ser utilizados en venezuela, aca se trabaja con tecnologia de chip  2 de los celulares que vinieron no se les puede meter chip, como hago para resolver ese proble, como devuelvo el producto.

I bought this phone in June.  Today is September 12, 2013 and the phone has frozen up on me and I cannot use it or get my contacts out of it.  Very undependable and not worth the money I paid for it.

great comunication and great help with what ever i asked him oh man he is the best of all the rest

I had a little problem getting my phone, but after emailing the seller they apologized and offered me and upgrate because the phone was not exactly what I needed. I got it today and I am very happy with my phone. It was everything I needed and so much more.Thank You.

Bad phone broke on me 2 times first time when i first got the phone second time when I replaced it with the same phone only it was a new one.

This phone was advertised as a Verizon phone sold by Zaarn. When my son took it in to get it activated by Verizon they said that the serial number was controlled by I USA Cell and they couldn't activate the phone without the sellers release of the serial number. Also, the battery pack looked like it was slightly bulging. Amazon issued an instant refund and we are trying another one from a different seller.

I ordered this phone thinking it was a Verizon Wireless capable phone as pictured, however it isn't. I'm very disappointed it's advertised as such and will be returning it.

Great product and price.  One of the few phones that doesn't require the $40 a month data plan. Highly recommended

I am very delighted to obtain another BlackBerry. I wore out one, it was replaced with another under warranty. The next one I &#34;dropped&#34; and this is the replacement. I'm looking forward to upgrading early in 2014, as I am so fond of the product. It meets all my needs especially emails.

I have this phone on a plan with Verizon. It looks good and works fine. But there is a big drawback with it.The power consumption is too high so as the battery drains so fast. You might need to re-charge it twice a day. Talk time is the crazy thing, and after less than half an hour, a fully charged battery would drain completely... I took it to a Verizon store in Charlotte. They tested and confirmed that the battery is OK. So the problem must be with the phone.I never recommend this phone to anybody. This will rive you crazy. It happened to me that some important times that I needed the connection, or was waiting for a call, the phone just died and I was totally disappointed. Even my friends are sometimes angry with me that I am not charging it. But I do charge every day...PLEASE don't buy it or you will experience the same unhappy time I did.

BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Smartphone-USA ONLY DOES NOT WORK IN LATINAMERICA!!!I am very happy with my phone, great service from this Sales Person. My Phone works perfect. I really recommend buying thru this vendor.

I have had this phone now for a little bit over a year. What I can tell you about it is, though it isn't the newest smartphone on the market, and in many ways is an entry level smartphone, it is a fantastic phone. My wife and I live in the country, in a valley, and cell signals come and go fairly easily. While she has a Samsung Galaxy S, with it's larger screen and 4G capabilities, it is my "lowly" Curve that she usually ends up using to look something up, as she even admits that it doesn't drop signal and works better than her phone most times. Even in areas where her phone should have the advantage, mine will still outperform hers. This is most clearly seen in internet and video playback.The call quality is excellent. The speakerphone is a real strength, especially if I am driving and don't have my hands free set with me. While BlackBerry did take a step back with the camera (not including a flash and keeping it at 2 megapixels), it works well enough for quick pictures. The internet loads quickly, navigation works very well on it, and the music player is easy to navigate. This is another area where I believe BlackBerry has simplified things nicely whereas Android has made it cumbersome, as when we're in the car my wife will listen to music off my phone.At the end of the day though, the Curve doesn't forget that it's a phone first, and a media device second. As I mentioned earlier, my Curve simply works better as a phone than my wife's phone, particularly in the area where we live. I consider it a bonus that it does better at almost everything else too.

I bought this phone to replace my last Blackberry, which I'd had for 9 months before it started acting up. So far so good, the phone works well and even has new software from the last Blackberry I owned, 4 stars.

the cell phone is very very very good and is important if you want to be happy with the movil

I am very happy with my purchase of this phone.  It was very cheap and it arrived quickly and so far it is working perfectly and there is hardly any damage to the phone.  However, I was sent the wrong charger with the phone, but luckily had an extra charger that I could use.  It would have been a big inconvenience if I didn't have the correct charger.

Bought this blackberry curve in amazon and came in short time works well good item to buy few stracthes but not too big blackberry is in good condition

Former verizon customer, wanted to change carriers to tmobile so i used this as my trade in to get my ETF paid, worth it and i dont regret it.

My old BlackBerrry Curve was broken.  Verizon wanted $500 to replace it.  Buying from this company saved me $400 and the replacement phone works great.

BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Phone, Gray (Verizon Wireless)Adquiri 2 telefono de estos y ha sido imposible usarlos en Venezuela, por favor que posibilidad hay de cambiarlos, lo acabo de recibir el dia 26 de noviembre de 2011. indicar direccion donde puedo devolverlos y a nombre de quien por favor

I cant not use the device (Blackberry 9330) in Ecuador, can u please tell me an address where I can return it. I appreciate if you give me a solution. Please help me

Lost my other blackberry and wanted it back! Buying a new one was too expensive, this phone was a great price and it was in awesome condition. Thank you seller!

i only had this product for a month before it broke . i won't be buying anything else from here again

A reliable phone, just a little out dated now. It's easy to use. (Also the brick break game is really addicting!)

Not only didn't this item work when I received it, but the company promised to send a new battery which never arrived!  Then when I sent it back the did not credit my account.  So not only is this product not working (the worst possible condition) but I am out a hundred dollars and months of trying to get my money back!!

Love the FM radio, also wifi calling! Phone does way more than an android phone. Nice and simple, still a powerhouse. Camera also works great. Has a very long lasting battery. Very stylish and sleek. Love that its so easy to use. Bought it for myself as a move from cricket to verizon, it never froze on me or crashed. Holds all my music and pictures.

COMPRE ESTE CELULAR Y EL VENDEDOR ME LO ENVIO CON UNA LINEA YO ESTOY EN VENEZUELA Y NO LE PUEDO COLOCAR UNA LINEA NUEVA POR FAVOR ME PUEDE AYUDAR Y QUITARLE LA LINEA... GRACIAS
