
Phone works well. Like it so far. Good access and app download. Very happy with the purchase for the cost.

It is so hard to contact the seller. The cell phone i received not brand new. The cell phone freezes so easily, which makes impossible to make certain call. I ordered the case which is supposed for the model, but the case does not fit (due to the difference between u.s and uk?) I passed the due date for returning while I was waiting for my new order to come. The worst thing I have ever got from amazon.

I wanted a phone that would fit comfortably in my pocket. I do not require many apps and it meets all my needs.

I purchased this phone and the features it has were much more than I anticipated. I always wanted a Samsung Galaxy and I was finally able to afford it. It is my first Smart Phone and I love it.

The phone is very lightweight which makes it easier to carry.  It was a little hard to find a good case for it but it works perfectly

This is an basic entry level smart phone.  The screen resolution hurts to look, and the touch recognition is pretty bad.  It sometimes wouldn't recognize my swipes to unlock the phone, and typing on the on-screen keyboard types the wrong letter frequently compared to my regular Galaxy phone.The manual instructions were in German, which isn't too bad since following the Quickstart's pictures is sufficient.

I just arrived a week ago, because I live in Venezuela and seana use has been very good is like having a small PCis not your fault if my company transfers to Venezuela. the product is very warm bua recommend it. the only thing he has is that sometimes loses signal even if no phone or operator or

To slow, the phone turn off by itself, the GPS slowly run, it make crazy when I make call because it take while to respond my order

Very Bad signal reception, in both call and data. This lost signal every where. I don't recommend. The screen is to small.

The phone is just what i was looking for..! It works perfectly, I'm glad I picked Samsung. I'm changing The Nokia that doesn't work for a samsung phone

This is not a bad phone, looks great, but shorter that the photo,and some of the apps I needed to put on is a bit troublesome to install.. but its ok for what I needed done..

I purchased this for my sun as iPod replacement and it has all requested functionality but half the price of the iPod

I was completely pleased with this phone, except for its size. I would heartily recommend it to anyone wanting a phone, to travel between the United Kingdom and the US and need to communicate to family and friends back in the  UK.

The main issue was in the US only 2G networking (AT&T;) works on the phone, so downloading data was very slow once I was away from a Wifi source.  The phone appears to be a United Kingdom version, hence the European charger it came with.  Another problem was due to the small screen size, the letters are very close together and it was easy to pick the wrong letter when typing, unless I held it sideways, then the letters were more spread out.  I think this phone is meant for kids or people with small hands.I do like how Samsung organizes their phone features and this little phone never crashed like my HTC Desire used to.  The other positive note is that battery life is much longer, due to the smaller screen.I have since returned this phone and got a Samsung Galaxy Ace 2.  It's a little bigger and so far works much better than my HTC used to.

It is the one I wished, it fills all my needs for calls, photos, internet, music, games, including whatsapp and viber

I think this phone came from or made for European customers. Phone is kind of small. I bought it for my daughter so it fits her well. Not recommended for adults, too small.

Great phone - what I expected and more in some areas. It's Android, so I am able to add apps from the play store. Everything is good, except for these two issues:1. The Android version is 2.3.6 - so Chrome is not supported2. Again, because of the Android version - the phone does not vibrate. There are the options to set the Vibration to "Always", "Never", "Only when not Silent" and "Only when Silent". No matter what option I choose, the result is the same - the phone doesn't vibrate. A few folks on the internet asked to check about setting the "Haptic feedback", but that option has been disabled/removed for 2.3.6So essentially I have to keep checking the phone every few minutes to see if I missed a call! I tried to research online, and apparently almost everyone is facing the same issues. I plan to try and root it if possible, and if I'm successful, then will update this review again.If it had not been for these two issues, I would given it a solid 5 stars.EDIT 1/22/2013: I had the vibrator issue checked out at a mobile repair shop. The vibrator was faulty and needed to be repaired. However, the reason why I've reduced the no. of stars to 1 is that the person said that someone had already tried to repair the vibrator - scratch marks were evident.In other words, the seller knew that this was a faulty phone, tried unsuccessfully to repair it and still sold it as a "New" item.

The phone was really good, I liked it.Beyond my expectation and delivery was swift. It works really well international. Thinking of ordering more for my relatives back home.

It works perfectly, no problems with it,easy to use.I like how easy you can sync with the laptop,and the many apps it holds.

I love this cell phone.  It has wi-fi.  Can store music, music videos, and photos besides contacts.  Love the camera and video recorder.

Last November, I purchased this same phone from Amazon.  With the November first telephone, I set up the phone with a local SIM card and the phone worked fine. I loaded applications to the telephone without any problem.  I gave the phone away as a gift. The phone still works fine.Last month, I wanted to buy another phone just like the one I purchased last November.  Unfortunately, the two telephones with the same model number, bought at different times, are not built the same, internally.The newer phone required the user to open a google account (phone runs on Android).  After registering a new google account, the phone would not allow me to download customary applications that I use.  In most cases, the application would not download but instead, a message appeared stating that the application is not compatible with the version of telephone I was using.  How disappointing.Since the phone cannot do what the initial phone (with the same model number) can do, I returned the phone.I think that updates, in general are a good thing.  However, this new update to this telephone is not productive.  I suspect there will be many of these phones returned because of the restrictions that are not disclosed in the description of the telephone.This negative review is not a reflection on the seller.  I feel certain the seller is as surprised as I was after learning of the odd restrictions added to this previously fine telephone.

I had to jot a quick review because I read and rely on all the reviews before I buy anything on Amazon. This phone arrived promptly and is unlocked and working great. I am in the Middle east and used a local sim card and voila! No problems thus far. I am still learning the nuts and bolts of the phone but am very pleased with it. The touch screen is a bit tricky to text so I may get a stylus as I have fat fingers but other than that--so far so good and at a good price!

I do not hesitate to recommend this buy and the seller some of the application are in chinesse but don't interfere on the phone operation

I bought this telephone for my child here in Vvenezuela and it works perfect with movistar Very recommended for children because the keybord is very small

Me encanto el telefono, funciono muy bien en venezuela con digitel y me gusto mucho..I love it the cell phone, thanks

This is a basic smartphone, perfect for someone that doesn't have a lot of needs or expectations, someone older or a kid. Great price for the quality.

Let me first tell of my problem: the phone no longer moves from vertical to horizontal.  A frustration, but not significant enough to handicap use of the phone.  And the phone is great!  Holds power for several days, is easily navigated, the size is perfect for my hands and needs - a real gem!

The cel came bad, Im in Costa Rica now and I have to send it to repair. The technician said that no find the problem.. I DON'T recommend to buy to this provider. This is the second time that I buy something in Amazon that is not ok

The phone was very nice; however, it did not work with my phone provider.  I had to get another phone.  Thanks for crediting my account.

This was my first android smart phone, so I didn't know what to expect. I've had it several months, and have been satisfied. Battery life is good, reception is good, and it is compact. I didn't realize exactly how small it was when I ordered it, but this is both good and bad. Good because it is easy to carry, bad because it is has a small screen. The main criticism I have is that the ringer and sound are not very loud.

When I got the phone, the return button did not work-at all. So I contacted the seller, and they sent me back the postage I needed to return it. When they returned the phone to me, it was a totally different model (5369 instead of 5360). First of all, I needed a phone so i did not have time to return the phone all over again because it was a different model. However, I have to say that I should have gotten this current model that I have in the first place. To me, its bigger, faster, and easier to figure out. My sim card works perfectly fine with this one. I would say if you order from this particular seller, keep track of your order, and if it is wrong, do not hesitate to contact them. At least they were good about sending me return postage and timely delivery. This phone (5360) was really, really small, and had weird language settings, so it was tricky to figure out.

I like his Samsung. It is very small but everything are inside. I will send this phone to my brother in Vietnam because this phone also was unlocked. Thanks Amazone.

I just bought this phone to use as my "travel abroad" phone. I needed a 3G Quadband Unlocked phone so I could pick up inexpensive prepaid voice/data sim cards during my travels and not get clobbered with roaming fees. This phone is perfect. It is inexpensive, has most of the important bells and whistles of Android, and just works. It even runs Netflix streaming, though a bit jerky. Talking GPS works great too. I agree with another reviewer that stated it would be a great alternative to an IPOD touch. Even on WiFi without the sim card installed, the phone pretty much was fully functional (obviously no voice). But the best part of all is the built in tethering feature. You can activate the phone so that the phone can share its data service with other devices (with security and encryption if desired). This was vital for me as I need a "connected" laptop in these out of the way places. I agree with other reviewers' comments about the small screen and more basic nature of the camera. But at the $120 price point, this phone is a steal!A note regarding my seller "Open Group Wireless." I ordered from the Northeast US on Thursday evening and it came in the US mail (FedEX smartpost) Saturday with my regular delivery. The phone appears to be designed for the UK market as the power adapter had the unique UK style plugs. This didn't bother me at all as 1) the package also included a US style converter plug (in the factory sealed box), and 2) the phone uses the now standard MicroUSB style connector. Most cell phones (and Nooks, Kindles, etc.) use this standard. I have tons of these chargers and in the car. They are super cheap an ubiquitous these days anyway. I would also note that the package from Open Group Wireless came with English instructions (though the phone came with default settings of British English, a quick fix) which is consistent with comments from other reviewers and of course the style of power adapter. Also very important, the sealed package came with a 2GB MicroSD card (with full size SD adapter branded by Samsung). Some other reviewers complained about the lack of an included SD card, but mine came with one. Don't know if this is vendor specific.In summary, I could not be happier, especially for the price paid. I hope Samsung keeps making them!

I bought this phone for my kids christmas present. I was a little skeptical that it was originally made for UK use. However it was automatically set to English language, and set up for USA use. It's a little small and my kids are not very careful with electronics, so i recently purchased cases to protect the phones. I wish I would have done that at time of purchase. My son and daughter 12 and 14 both love their phones. They are user friendly and have android app centers with lots of free apps to download. The phone also came with the mirco SD chip, so they have plenty of storage space.

This seems to be a reasonably good product for the money, though admittedly, I am a novice when it comes to smartphones.My biggest problem, since I am a technological novice, is that the instructions including the User Manual are woefully weak and frankly, not much help. In addition, the online help was unimpressive.

I got the wrong cell phone, it worked but not the one; the one I order was S5360, but the one received it was not

Okay, I got this phone and then went back to my older flip phone.  There are several reasons, the first of course is I'm cheap....I was paying less than $15.00 a month for all the service I wanted.  I had to immediately boost that to $30.00 a month so I could receive &#34;data&#34;....which was mostly my apps updating themselves....too few megabytes of data offered along with way too many minutes of talk time ( I'm not that social).  The most important minus was the phone didn't always ring when someone called me.....I'd get a message later that I missed my call even though the phone was on and on my person.  Samsung can do a lot better than this phone.

I needed to buy an entry level android for a friend and I picked this one. The display is not the best but I think it gets the job done. Battery lasts a pretty long time. Apps run fine. It's not as slow as I thought it would be which is good.

This Samsung is very nice, is my first android phone and i very satsified is very powerfull and and its size is perfect

I have used this GSM International Unlocked Smartphone as a replacement for another BlackBerry and I loved it.  It is great!

This phone was described as Internationl Version, quad band with EDGE.  When I checked the phone status EDGE is listed but I am not getting EDGE.  I can only access the internet when I am at home using my Wi-Fi but if I am on the road there is no internet service unless I can connect to an unsecured Wi-Fi.  I had an online chat with a technician at Samsung and was informed (after giving the IMEI code to them) that particular phone device was designed for distribution in the United Arab Emirates.  Naturally I am disappointed.

I bought this phone for my 12 year old niece in the Philippines. They use phones differently than we do here in the states, about 99% texting and less that 1% voice calls.  My niece maintains 3 or 4 simultaneous conversations while watching TV or eating dinner.  She loves this phone.  She picks up Wi-Fi in the Mall and 'Facebooks'  while taking photos, videos, listening to music and talking to 4 girlfriends all at once.  I paid about the same price, unlocked, in The Philippines. (5,000 pesos)

It is little slow and goes on low memory very easily on certain applications. Otherwise for basic phone its very nice phone.

exelentes celulares me llegaron muy bien sin ningun problema,llego bien embalado, y recomiendo que le compren ha esta tienda  los recomiendo al 100%.

I bought this phone after Christmas, and I can not make phone calls without dropping them or cannot be heard from the other end. I hate this phone! Can I return it?

This is a good phone but it is very small. This is a European phone, it came in German and you have to change the language, time zone and format. This was not really outlined in the quick start guide and took some time to figure it out. It comes with a US adapter for the charger. For the price it's not a bad value.

You sent me two phones S-5360T which only work on 3G 850 and 2100 MHz bands, here in Venezuela there are only 900 and 1900 Mhz. Now what do I do with these old machines in my country, I did not ask appliances. Why not review the orders and send only what the customer asks? I feel very bad service.

Excellent product. 100% recommended. Easy to use, lite, colorful screen, confortable size. Friendly os. I'm very happy for this buying.

I needed this phone ASAP to replace one that died on me while I was on vacation. I paid extra for 1-day delivery and it arrived on time. The phone was from a German source and the vendor included English instructions. The european wall charger is 240-110v and a 110v adapter is included. The phone is really light in weight. There are a nice variety of wallpapers and ringtones to choose from for customizing the phone. Amazon has plenty of accessories to protect the screen and case. It also comes with a 2GB microSD card and an SD card adapter, just enough megabytes to add some music if my iTouch should go dead. It quickly recognized my SIM card and I could use the phone right away. I really like the style and the Android OS but there is so much bloatware I will never use. For text message typing, the keyboard is tiny in portrait mode but bigger in landscape mode. I would rather have the Galaxy SIII unlocked international phone but it is much too expensive. This little guy fit my budget and it will do until I can afford the phone I want.Update 01/13/13: So far I have been able to use my phone in many different countries in Africa and Europe. The cell phone service is the key, not the phone. If the provider does not recognize my SIM card, then I won't have service. The phone is holding up well. The battery will last for days before I need to recharge and doesn't drain when I fly, like my Blackberry battery used to do. Overall I am happy with this phone.

I absolutely love this phone. I don't do much more than calling and texting, so if you don't use too much data, then this phone is great for you. Though I don't use it for much more than it's phone capabilities, plenty of apps work with it, and surfing the web and listening to music are very easy. Simple games like solitaire are great, but games like Angry Birds are best played on something with a bigger screen, though.The most impressive thing for me is the battery life of this phone. I have an iPod touch and am frequently in WiFi zones, so I use that for web surfing and apps most of the time. Because of this, and also because of the phone's efficiency, one single charge lasts for days on the Galaxy Y. I recently checked my battery life, and on one charge I had gone over 6 days (with regular use) and still had 19% of the battery remaining.If you want a smartphone but cash is tight or you are a phone minimalist such as myself, I highly recommend this phone for you.

I bought this phone for the sole purpose of tethering on my iPad, which is on wifi only.Instead of buying a mifi wifi, this serves well doubling as a phone.... All SIM cards work perfectly as the phone is unlocked.I connected my laptop, iPad, BB, and Hubby's laptop at the same. Browsing speed was faster than Modem sticks (those I have used), 7mbps, with all connected devices. It is meant for 5 devices actually.Shipping was super fast!I have been recommending this phone to friends.The phone falls apart on touch down (am a mum with a toddler that enjoys seeing my phone fly ... LOL), I will surgest you buy a casing immediately.

Excelente producto. Muy agradable apariencia. Facil de manipular aunque un poco chiquito para mis manos. Funciona bien, el envio fue excelente y rapido, y traia todos los accesorios. Muchas Gracias

I love cell phone  samsung.For the price very good product  it has all characteristics that i needI recommend it

Happy so far,,,yes it comes in German but that is not a problem once you look online for translations,  one issue I seem to have a problem installing MagicJack, and it is difficult to select to save apps or download them onto sd card.....if anybody knows what is going on, please post...im sure must be something simple.....

2 stars; it is better than having no smart phone at all. Marginally.It is so slow and laggy, you could catch old age from using it. When I unlock it, 99% of the time it is too slow to register the first unlock attempt properly. It skips the first dot of the swipe sequence. EVERY time.Even using one or two apps is sometimes too demanding and it freezes or crashes.Having a resolution of about 4 by 4 pixels makes viewing most websites extremely tedious, and unless I urgently have to comment on something or reply to an email - I wait until I get to my laptop to do so. Typing on this miniature device isn't worth the stress.Location services are slow; "your location is unavailable at this time" will be displayed for about twenty seconds after turning GPS on.Overall; I hate this thing. Almost as much as I hate my transformer prime. Negative points to Samsung for creating this thing; and shame on them for marketing it to young people. It should have been called the Samsung, "O" for ordinary or old. Except it wouldn't be any good for old people because the screen is too small and the resolution frightful.

I am not giving this phone 5-stars because it's the best phone ever. I am rating based on the value for the money. This phone is for my son since he had an older feature (basic) phone that finally died. This Galaxy 5360 is a Andriod Smartphone with WiFi and GPS. It is unlocked so it works on my AT&T network without a data plan. I have the HTC One X, a great phone; however, I cannot find anything that this Samsung Galaxy Y S5360 can't do that my 5 times more expensive phone does. It surfs the net, downloads apps and data, has GPS navigation, a camera, music, voice dialing, fast processor a newer OS (2.3.6 vs my OS 2.3.5.) messaging, video, music, etc. Sure it's smaller and lighter but better for him. It starts fast, long battery life, clear screen and works on any GSM network. I use AT&T 850 in California and he has no problems. Watch Netflix with stereo headphones in Hi Definition and clear audio, YouTube, video games, conference calling, voice to text messaging and email,....everything the big phones do. I can't believe what a bargain it is. It came fast and when I started it the default language was Serbian/Slavic. The owner's manual was written for Macedonia, Serbia, Bosnia, Montenegro. No big deal, just pop in the SIM and the battery and fire it up, choose the language button on the right side of the screen, (not the obvious emergency button) and choose American English or any language you like and that was it; Now its an American Cellphone; we were off to the races. It connected and was ready to go. The wall charger is the European variety but came with an adapter for U.S. and an additional typical Computer USB to (micro-usb) phone cable connector. It did not come with headphones.The headphone jack is the standard 3.5mm type, available anywhere. It uses the standard charger/data cable Micro-USB type and connects to the computer to charge and modify so I use the same charger as my HTC or Blackberry. Like all new phones it ships with the smaller SD card that is only 2GB so I suggest buying a 16GB or 32GB if you want to fill it with photos, videos and music. In this respect it has the same storage capacity as any of the best androids or iPhones. All the features of an expensive phone for 1/5th the price. I am very pleased and so is he. Two thumbs up!

This is my first smart phone.I use my phone to make calls, occasionally browse the internet, and for skype. That's all.The reason I invested in this was to cut my phone bill. I now make calls through skype or grooveIP.I love my phone. The bad thing is that it freezes every time I try to make a call through gip. But since I'm on skype, and most of my close friends and family are on skype, this device allowed me to switch to a pay-as-you-go plan.I'm quite satisfied with the purchase :)

It was sold as a &#34;new&#34; item, but when I got this it has scratch on the site, that means it was used and fell into the ground hitting that part. and the box it very dirty. Though I did not have too much expectation but still it is way below par.I will return this product.

This phone is a European model. It comes with the correct adapter to charge it though. Smaller than other smart phones currently on the market but works well for the price.

The only problem that we had with this phone is that you have to have a memory card in order to use the data or store pictures. Other than that, the phone works well.

the cell phone had serious issues in reception and it was impossible use it,its not possible for me send it for warranty because i'm in venezuela. I feel lost my money

I picked up the phone because of its price between offers a wide range of features that desire smartphone. Connect to internet, able to take pictures, send email, and all it offers. It is very convenient as it is neither too large nor too small. It has good screen, the colors look good. I like a lot

I have been testing the Galaxy Y and it's a decent entry level android phone for $125.Pros:- Camera- Android 2.3 Gingerbread (have not heard of any update to ICS 4.x)- Full functioning Google play market for apps.- SD slot that takes up to 32 gb (I am testing with 8gb)- Wifi and bluetooth- Good battery life. The phone will easily take you through the day with average use.Neutral:- Okay specs for a budget phone. Has 832MHz CPU.- Okay call quality.Cons:- Small size with  - 3.0 ins- Low resolution screen 240 by 320- No front-facing camera for video conferencingOverall, a decent entry android phone for the price. Would definitely be a winner for $99.  If there may be the slightest reason to use a dual sim phone then I would suggest you check out the dual sim version of this phoneSamsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 Android Dual SIM Quadband Unlocked

i bought this Samsung for my girlfriend, she likes it a lot, she loves small cellphones i this one was the perfect option.

I really like this phone. only thing is it is locked, therefore, can't be added to a plan. has no information on who to contact to get codes to unlock it.

the phone is not just working properly

I helped a friend of mine buy this phone and she loves it. It is small and dainty but it does a great job.

I ordered this unlocked phone to replace an aging basic phone. I don't want or need to pay data rates, but in order to get a decent phone from my carrier they force you into that, so I opted for the S-5360. It was a good choice, the phone arrived quick and on start up I was pleased to find it set to English already. I put in my AT&T sim card and it works just fine, connect to my home wi-fi and I get full functionality. The only nick I have with it is it came with a European style charger and a US adapter, but I could not get it to charge through the adapter, fortunately I had an adapter lying around, so I was able to plug it in and charge, but other than that its great, not worth deducting a star. They also include a USB cable so I guess you could use one of those 5v USB wall outlets to charge through, though I'll probably end up buying the right charger.  Now I have a nice little android phone, which I can use via wi-fi and still keep my old plan rates. The screen on this phone is fine for emails and such, but I don't know about game play, kind of small I think. Overall I won't miss the internet when I'm out and about, and I'm hoping it will add a little to the battery life by not being on a data plan, I know it'll add to my wallet.

I like this cell phone. It fits my need. I would bring it to other countries and try to use it later.

We picked up this phone for travel in Europe, after purchasing a SIM card that works there. The phone performed flawlessly on our first trip and we're looking forward to using it in the months and years ahead. Great size, nice features, easy to use/understand the options. Couldn't be happier.

Ya disfrutando del equipo, llego sin inconvenientes y en perfectas condiciones, es liberado y ademas trae una memoria SD de 2 GB, si tenian dudas sobre comprar este producto despejenla porque lo recomiendo 100%.

when the phone arived, it worked perfectly, but less than a month later, stopeed working, just like that. you can only see the word samsung on the sreen. I'm from venezuela and there's no way to send it back to the seller. a very bad purchase

It was nice looking and small nice and good shape but the first it was wrong phone.Instead of 5360 they send 5363 and furthermore the send one was not working.Iwas frustuated with the product and hence i shipped back to seller after two days.

I bought this phone on 10th sep and whn i received the phone it was S 5363. So, i placed the order again and when the second one arrived it was S 5363. Thought it was my fate. So, i called up samsung and enquired with them about the warranty. They have advised that these phones are shipped from UK so we need to get in touch with UK support when ever we have an issue. So, please check before you buy. This is the second time where amazon had delivered an incorrect product and din't keep their promise.

this  phone  is  very cute even though, it is very small but it respond very fast and it is Unlocked which is not stated in the discription i am from sudan and it work great  there  is it  also work great in  U.S.A too i love it

The mobile very smple but delevery very good mocr&iquest;?????????????????? ??? ???? ??? ??? ???? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??

This is a great product. It was amazing when i got it. It worked as intended and my seller was pretty quick mailing it to me.This is one of those great purchase I did recently.Thanks

Hassle Free delivered more than I expected but the unit itself have some problem. I can't type on text messages, even I  slide my typing I eventually type the wrong word. There is no manual that goes with it. I check on-line even Samsung does not provide it. Oh well, you can't have it all.

I needed 2 cheap phones to be able to switch to my sister in laws company, she works for a phone company but couldn't provide with the actual phones, and this did the trick, it does what I need it to do and was unlocked. It didn't come with a SD card so make sure you get one! It would be nice if this was noted in the description. It's a 2G so obviously an old phone and it is really slow but i knew that!! Battery life is good, my daughter plays on it for hours and it keeps it ok for at least a whole day, together with me texting a lot. I would recommend this phone if you are not an internet and FB freak and mainly text and call. As I said takes a long time to get on the internet.

I was looking for small, sleek, basic smartphone, which has good speed and functionality. I think after using this phone for about a month, I can confidently say that it met all my requirements.Yes,  this phone don't have high end camera and high resolution display. But considering the price, you might not get better than this.

Simple, easy to use, appropriate size, with all the necessary functions to communicate with my contacts through phone line and internet.

it is all you need in one small package , wi-fi works great , MP3 sound fantastic ,, calls are cristal cleari love it

why i dislike this product:i dislike this product because it is so little and small. i had expected it to be longer and wider.do compare to similar products:the samsung y galaxy s-5360 i saw in nigeria was as long as 6 inches and as wide as 4 inches.specific attributes:no specific attributes observed. it is even in russian language

I love this cell phone. It is economical and performs all the same functions as more advanced phones. It has Android, touch screen, Wifi, GPS, Bluetooth, 2MP camera and more. What I like about this model is its portability, is smaller than the S3 or S4, it is light, and the value is fair. I recommend it to everyone. Buy it, will not regret.

Considering the price I paid (about 100$) for the phone, I am very satisfied so far.A few cons:- The soft keyboard is a bit annoying as it's not as accurate due to the small screen.- Battery life is average.- Might seem a bit slow to respond at times.- The vibration is not too audible.

Galaxy SI had another sprint cell phone it was not the best.  It was about 60$, it was a Black Berry but pink. I got the Galaxy S it was awesome and I love it! The other phone you could not go on the internet. You could not text very well because the buttons were so small. You could not play any games on the pink phone, but you can on the Galaxy S. It's very nice!The phone is durable but don't throw it across the room. It's black & big it has a touch screen its rectangle. And has a very nice camera you can change the settings on your camera. It's a fun phone. It has a big screen. Its screen is good to play games on because it is so big. It has very good graphics, which is a nice bonus for the big screen. It has a slide up keyboard. It is pricey about 100$ or more but that's a good price for such a nice phone. And it's big but other than that I like it.I think the people who would like this kind of phone would be people who want a touch screen and internet and to play games on. Maybe for work and people who want to play games on their phone.  People who could maybe deal with the bigness of it, and who could deal with the price of the phone. People who want a good fun phone from Sprint. Sprint services are not the best but they are good!

This is a great little phone however it comes from Germany and from time to time it changes the language to German!!  It does switch back.  If you don't mind this annoyance then it works well.

I liked the phone. Even though the wi-fi was defective, after talking to the seller, i sent it and he fixed it . He is available anythime you have a problem with the phone which is great . Althoug i didnt keep the phone , I give it a 5 start because it was stil a awesome experience.

I bought the refurbished one. Arrived as expected. Was in very good conditions and is working properly. Is a very good smartphone by the price (I say that because I dont use too much apps). Is good for people that just use for basic stuff

delivered on time etc but only thing is it requires an sd card to go with it to store data etc but got that separately so no prob.

This worked fine just for a few days. Now it shuts down suddenly and signal is lost very often, even during conversation. One of my memory card is also corrupted in this phone.It has also become slow after loading a few applications, although most of them are on the memory card.Overall I didn't find it satisfactory after 2 months of use.

The phone was received in a timely manner. Upon opening, the phone charger was not a US pin but an Australian pin. Not too difficult to resolve. The phone charged up well, I inserted the SIM card and it is working out just fine.

camera sucks. unable to send or receive picture or video msg.  phone if you live in the US.a total waste of money.  get a different

i am not satified with it the description didnt meet what i thought it would be but it shipped fast

i was surprise i got the phone next 2 days. The phone is good enough for basic use but batteries is suck only can hold for halp hour. I bought new batereis from j&r; now can hold 3-4 hours. I am happy with this phone, small but clear and good enough for what i need. I will give this phone and the seller 4 stars.Thanks

This is my first smart phone.  I am very disappointed.  First, the memory.  180 MB.  Really????  I have an SD card in there, but only a select few apps can be loaded onto it.  You will run out fast.  Next...it is super slow.  Programs take a long time to load, it's terrible.  The camera is horrible.  Really, really bad.  My first camera phone was better that this.  It reminds me of the 2003 quality.Also, it runs on 2G.  Don't expect internet to be worth the purchase.  It's as slow as hell.Samsung has amazing products, but this phone...bite me.

The problem was not the product. I am sure the phone works well. However, the seller fail to inform its buyers that this phone in not your typical unlocked phone that can be used with any company that requires a SIM card. This phone is exclusive to verizon which does not use SIM cards. This can be very misleading. Now it appears that I might have a problem getting a refund.

After holding off on a buying a smart phone, I finally caved because my blackberry was literally falling a part. I decided to get this phone because I read I wouldn't have to pay extra for data and because it offered everything I wanted.So far I have had it for 3 weeks, and I have to say I am pretty pleased with it. It's reliable, the battery charges well, it's easy to send messages and scan the internet with. My only complaint is the small screen size and the extremely small type pad. I have small fingers, but even I can't use the type pad properly. In my opinion, you absolutely need a stylus pen to properly use this phone. But that isn't much of a problem because they sell the pens everywhere and they're inexpensive.

is very good, for a boy that begining used cellphon

If you're just looking for a small, inexpensive smartphone and don't plan to go heavy on internet and games, this is a great choice. Battery lasts for days as long as you are not always switched on internet. Plenty of great apps to make it a useful tool - great deal and functionality for the price.

I thought this phone was bigger but when I received it , it was not what I expected it to be. I sent it back to the sender without a problem.

I use it as a backup phone just in case primary phone has battery issues or need two phones. battery is great, gps, WIFI, android apps works OK. I love it.

I purchased the unlocked samsung galaxy y s5360 to realise that it isnt allowing me to browse. It was only allowing me to select language and displaying a notice that read &#34;emergency calls only&#34;, so i contacted the sellers who told me that they will refund me because they sent a defective phone. Are you serious, don't you check the phones before you ship them? I will never order anything from shippers again.In a nut shell, i never got to experience the phone due to negligence of the supplier.

I bought this for a young girl friend of mine for use in Grenada.  She could not get one reasonable locally.  She love it, and it was the perfect gift.

This Device just constantly locks up or freezes on me. I have till August and then I can upgrade my phone...Can't Wait!!

It does everything an Android should.It's nice, fits in the palm of my hand but a little hard to type....a little slow though, but only by a fraction of a second, ONLY reason it's not a 5 star.

These were sent to south america! great buy. small and discrete. would definitely recommend this to another buyer. very nice

A lot has been said about this phone by other reviewers, I just wanted to add my voice to the wave of positive reviews. The functionality of this phone is amazing considering the price. I bought this phone for my wife and it does pretty much all the same things as mine, which I bought three times the price (another brand).

I purchased this phone for my husband, I was skeptical because I had a terrible shopping experience from another seller (UnlockedCellPhoneKings). Nevertheless, I took a chance because he loved the phone. It turned out to be a GREAT product, it came in immaculate condition, absolutely perfect, no scratches or anything and it had the factory package. I tested the phone to ensure the speaker was working, and it was! I did this because the above mentioned seller sent a phone that had a damaged speaker for which I did not replace because the speaker had to be ordered! I live in South America so that explains why I didn't even bother, because the cost to do so was nearly the cost of the phone and time was of the essence. So, my recommendation: buy this phone, it has a clean display, you can download apps hassle free, it is very easy to use and has a slick look. It is a product worth investing in, I would definitely buy from this seller again.

cada vez que grabo un tel&eacute;fono, se tiene que empezar agregando una palabra nueva. Deber&iacute;a tener el diccionario espa&ntilde;ol desde el inicio

GOOD PHONE ; EXCELLENT SIZE. EASY TO USE AND LEARN. USES ANDROID PLATFORM. SMALL POCKET SIZE NOT BULKY.GOOD FOR SOMEONE WHO WANTS A SMALL COMPACT PHONE.

Bought it to use it on vacation in Europe for a prepais card. It's okay but the letters are a bit small and writing is therefor a bit complicated. But has all the features needed.

The Samsung Y Galaxy S-5360 Phone which I got from FGS Trading no more then 3 month and used only one and half month, but the bettery died.When I ask for exchange the bettery. The Shipper said: Unfortunately, per amazon's return policy we arenot able to accept returns after 30 days or offer exchanges. But I buy electronic equipment at any store, The customerwarranty is 90 days.

My mother lost her cell phone so I decided to look into what would be the most reasonable replacement option for her. She wanted a touchscreen, but doesn't use the internet at all so there was no point in getting a smartphone on contract and be forced into a data plan. Since she is planning to travel to Europe this summer I decided to look into unlocked phones that she could take with her and use an overseas sim for phone access. After reading the reviews on the Samsung Galaxy Y thought this might fit the bill.Since this is my first Android phone that I got to use intimately there was a learning curve, but found it fairly intuitive and easy to set up. The touch screen is very responsive. I agree with the screen being quite small but didn't find it too cumbersome to type on. The screen and camera are adequate although since I use an Iphone 5 for my personal phone there was quite a noticeable difference in quality. Overall it will serve our needs for a basic cell phone with a few extra bells and whistles, and I can save the upgrade on our account for when my children trash my Iphone eventually and I'll be forced to buy a new one ha!

Not bad for the price. It is a  nice  looking phone. It has been reliable. It is compatible with t mobile.

Slow phone. Just bought to share internet with my Nexus 7 and to make and receive phone callsThe phone is REALLY slow. Wouldn't recommend to my enemies.

I must say that this phone is perfect. All I had to do was slide my sim card into it. Automatically identified the carrier and it's the phone I wanted with my same company. I don't think you can get no better than this. Every feature the phone has works, I would advise everyone to check these phones out.

The phone was shipped quickly.  It had all the features I wanted, but I could NOT RECEIVE CALLS!!!!  There was nothing in the review that it wasn't compatible with my cell carrier, Cellular One.  However Cellular One does list it on their website.

I love this little phone. I am a person who only has a few main apps & uses the mobile internet a lot. I have T-Mobile US as my carrier. I text more than I call. This phone is perfect. If I don't use Google Maps, my phone lasts more than a day. With Maps usage, about 3/4 of a day. I can still do some multitasking like looking up something while working on an email or while on a phone call. Great reception with T-Mobile & very few dropped calls. I am shopping right now for one for my daughter. I paid a little over $100 which is a great price. : ) I would warn you that when I received the phone, the default language was German. I used Google translate on my desktop to look up what I needed to do to change it it US English. It was an easy painless process. : )

Phone worked great, just a little small for my hands, it also was not the textured silver back that I received, it was the glossy black back version.  2 days after receiving I made the mistake of using a mirco sim adapter in it and trashed the Sim tray.  Now it's in for repair which will be another 48 bucks.  Avoid those adapters.

I am truly disatisfied with the arrival of my Samsung. Havent had a chance to use it yet but Ive already experienced a bunch of shitaqi. It comes in a different language you have to fight to change, the phone numbers(customer service) both of them are disconnected so there is no way to get a hold of anyone when you have a problem. Will wait to see how the service is and if I have problems I will surely return it and have a chat with Amazon.

If you live in the US you should know that this is a Spanish phone, but it does come with an adapter for United States electrical outlets. When you turn it on, its all in Spanish, so you have to change the language to English right away (good luck with that). Vodapone loads all kinds of applications, that are in Spanish. You can't delete them. HassleFreeCell should provide this information before you buy the phone. I will never buy a phone from HassleFreeCell.

Good phone to start out with when transitioning to a smart phone. Would be nice to have a &#34;cheat sheet&#34; in a hard copy.

I bought it for my wife as she wanted a touch screen phone. Great Phone.Wish the battery lasted a little longer than it does, but feature wise it is good.Phone works fine and Amazon's delivery service was good and on time. Have no issues.

Phone worked fine upon arrival. Immediately, out-of-the-box, the following tests were performed:1. WiFi connection: Great. Flawlessly connected to our home wireless router. Also, flawlessly connected to the free WiFi at the famous coffee shop chain and the famous hamburger chain.2. KIES Sync: Flawlessly connected with, and identified by, Samsung's KIES desktop software. Be patient, it may take a minute.3. Outlook Sync: KIES performed a flawless sync between OUTLOOK and the phone, including all Contacts, Notes (Memos) and the built-in phone calendar.4. USB interface worked fine, as evidenced by the USB connection with KIES.The screen is pretty fast and sensitive, and you'll get used to the sensitive keyboard in a short period as you use it for a while.  The multi-touch screen works just fine and have not experienced any lock-ups yet. Some people have complained about the screen size, but with the multi-touch screen you can easily "pinch-out" (i.e., zoom in) and read a little easier with the magnified (zommed-in) section.Guys, this is not a sell job for Samsung.  I returned a Samsung Galaxy i5500 Europa within a day because it failed the above tests straight out-of-the-box. This Galaxy Y S5360 passed these tests on the first try for each step. Maybe I just lucked out this time.If you are migrating from Palm, this type of phone might work out good for you.  Export your Contacts and Memos from Palm as Tab Delimited files. Be sure that you highlight all the Palm records that you wish to export.  Import the Tab Delimited files into OUTLOOK.  Take your time to map out the fields for your contacts to make sure you get as close of a cross-over match that you can. It took me about three tries until I resolved the mapping issues and then it imported everything very well.  Then, to protect all of your private information with an extra level of security that you enjoyed in Palm, go to the Android market and evaluate some security applications intented as a secure wallet, e-wallet, password keeper, safe-lock or vault file, where you can securily maintain your passwords, credit cards, and any other sensitive membership or customer-client information.

phone arrived fast and is great but I am not sure if its unlocked or not since I use T-mobile I don't need it to be unlocked.The screen is a little small but does the job and I can not even fell it in my pocket. A great thing is that it has great battery life

You have a good with Samsung galaxy you but the memory of the phone is low. If you are interest in a phone that have a good memory try another one.

This phone was purchased for my teenage daughter, who loves it. It's rather small but very good for what she does constantly which is texting and facebook activity. Samsung is a reliable product. So far, no  problems, she has data and the phone has functions and capabilities like any smart phone. I especially loved the cost, very reasonable compared to the Samsung Galaxy II S.

I thought I was getting a true T-Mobile phone and all i got was the Samsung name with a very cheap quality phone. The instructions are in some middle easter country, not in english and the phone will look good as long as you don't try to talk or listen to a conversation. Money wasted to the fullest.The Samsung Galaxy s-5360 is not even part of the phone sold in te T-Mobile web site and I was not able to update my information with the company. Buying another one directly from them and hopefully learn my lesson on electronics not made for use in the United States.

Its a great buy for the price and works great with Telcel Mexico. Overall its a small, good phone. It came from Europe so they slipped in an adapter for the charger. Its a great buy.

First I got this in the mail and the slide part would open I had to send it back for a new one then when I got a new one it started having trouble charging, I thought maybe it was my charger but after many chargers and much trouble this thing sucks, it would be a great phone if it could hold and charge and dint always get shipped to me with some defective problem. Terrible waste of money

gave as gift so dont know much about usage in philippines have not heard any complaints.that is all i can say

other reviewers may be surprised to see my review, as it is the so called Samsung Galaxy. I took the risk of buying an european version without a warranty. but it sucked. so it is only 1 start from me. I returned it. why? 1. during the call, my ear touch can mute, it unmute it.. several times. I did not want to play that hide-n-seek game. bye! 2. after the call ends, to return to home  screen, i have to keep pressing back button(at the bottom) 3,4 times. who it is not a factory default setting? or no separate power button on the front to take me back to homescreen with just one press (i know there is one on the side and you can set it to go to homescreen by pressing it), BUt, I dont like that way. 3.there is no controllable screen lock. so, after ending the call, if I put it in my pocket, with the soft touches, the phones trolls around, internet and all.. 4. sometimes when I keep pressing back, there is no way to end the call, only the home screen is  reached :(.  what the heck, should i do to end the call? turn OFF the phone. Goodness!enough to be returned. got my money back. sorry I bought it, thanks i bought it from amazon.

I am very happy with my cel here is something that is not easy to acquire as telephone companies do not bring many new models of cel thought thank God I found it on Amazon and I came to my country quickie and it was a very good acquisition by the congratulate

The item description is not vivid enough for first time buyers to review to be able to compare and differentiate from other products. I need a good item description.

Fantastic phone. Bought it, and was a bit worried when it came, having heard bad things about it. Lemme lay it flat for you. For 120, this phone rocks. Radio, 2 cameras, Android 2.3.6, and all the apps you could shake a narwhal at. only bad thing is screen res. and its not even bad!10/10 would buy again.

Precisely what I wanted. Portable, cute and ideal for my use. Has all the features and applications one requires/expects in a phone for everyday use. Love it

Although Samsung Y Galaxy did not meet my purpose, I feel it might be okay for the particular purpose for which it's meant for.  Actually, I bought it for talkatone or google voice calls, but I discovered that it does not have the capacity for it.  Therefore, I did not use it at all.  I wanted to return it, but someone else who wanted to order it for other purposes had to buy it from me. My friend who bought it from me said she wants to use it for internet purposes.  She checked it and said it's okay.I will not be able to recommend it or not to recommend it to anyone because I never used it.

As a complete novice, and on friend's recommendation  I decided to chance it and take this phone. Nothing fancy, does what it says it will do, and most importantly it will work on my trip to Europe next year! It does come with main language being set as German, but that is easily fixable. I'd recommend getting this phone for everyone just starting in the smart phone phase.

The item was delivered as promised and in good shape.however, I can't determined functionality because it was shipped to Africa to one of my brothers. I recommend any one to make a purchase because it's used world wide and it's attractive.

I did not but this item for myself but for a friend to give as a gift to someone else.  My friend tells me that the gift was a big hit and greatly appreciated.  My friend loved the price.

Samsung Y Galaxy S-5360 is the best. Since I got it, I have been doing everything on it. All the features work perfect.

The cellphone works almost perfectly, sometimes it needs some time to enter the application you want to use but that's the only &#34;bad&#34; thing. What I didn't like about the seller is that they kept the headphones.

I bought this phone simply because it was cheap and I needed a phone ASAP when my other one was about to die.  It is pretty simple to use and pretty basic all around, but it was too basic for me and I decided to spend a little more on another phone with more features.Note: This particular phone was released for the German market; (which I knew upon purchase)  So, you must go in the controls to change it to English function and there is no American plug outlet.It's a good phone for someone looking for an entry-level "smarter" phone.  It's easy to use and cheap.

In short, I am very happy with this phone. When I got it, I was a little surprised to see that it came from Europe, as it had a European charger. There was an EU to US power converter inside the package (but outside of the actual phone box). Another thing that is important to know, is that this phone IS unlocked. For some reason, amazon doesn't make that very clear on their website. I took a gamble and assumed that it was unlocked, and ordered the phone. The phone works great with my t mobile sim card! very happy!

So far this is the best purchase I have made in quite some time.  I was so tired of paying so much for my cellphone through "Big Red" AND constantly worrying about having a charged phone.  I decided it was time to switch to something smaller, more simple, and hassle free.  You see, I'm kind of weird: I seem to use my cell phone for calling and texting.  I don't need to run 1000 high-speed apps and play all the latest games.  I need to make calls, send texts, and occasionally look something up on the internet or use a quick app like for Redbox or something.  I can do all that with this phone, and get this; my phone lasts for 5 days without having to recharge.  Love this phone!  And no contract; I can swap out SIM cards, take it overseas, etc.  Buy it!!!  By the way, I "downgraded" from a Droid 2 Global.

In short, I am very happy with this phone. When I got it, I was a little surprised to see that it came from Europe, as it had a European charger. There was an EU to US power converter inside the package (but outside of the actual phone box). Another thing that is important to know, is that this phone IS unlocked. For some reason, amazon doesn't make that very clear on their website. I took a gamble and assumed that it was unlocked, and ordered the phone. The phone works great with my t mobile sim card! very happy!

Its very slow I don't know that if I can change it or not but my cell phone is not wirking really good thee is lot of contraction in calling and I cant view my aaps it get very slow..... can I return it

Bought this product for travel overseas but have not travelled yet. Works wonderfully on Rogers network. Just what I was looking for.Fast service.

I bought this phone for my 14 year old son for his birthday and he just loves his phone! I can`t get him away from it for nothing in the world. However, if it were for me, i'd say that the keyboard is a little small for my fingers. but other than that it seems like a great little android phone.

A lot of newer generations of phones goes towards bigger screens, higher camera resolutions, and so much apps and functions on phones that I barely, if ever, use (iPhones and even those from the very same Samsung brand are biggest offenders of this). Well, I seem to be one of the forgotten consumers of mobile phones, because with all the bells and whistles phone manufacturers cram on phones these days, they seem to have forgotten that above all else, I just want to make a call on a phone that is, you know, mobile? Samsung Y is everything that I want from a phone: compact size, clear and clean interface that is very easy to use, solid build but very lightweight, and with all the features that you need from a phone (look, if I want a 10mp camera I'll buy a camera).And all these comes at a very affordable price that is, from what I have seen, among the lowest of new generation phones (meaning those released in the last 2 years). So if you, like me, are looking for a phone that goes back to the very reason why we even need a mobile phone in the first place, well look no further. This is the one. Don't get caught up with the fad that you will only dump in a few months because its gone out of style, or worse, it didn't survive your mobile and rugged lifestyle.

i don't know i'm not using it is going overseas, i can't really tell;that's why i can not rated this phone. I'm sorry this not the phone that is going overseas; bad news about it as a matter of fact i'm sending this phone back to the seller; i bought this phone new but it's a disappointment.SAMSUNG GALAXY S 5360

I bought this phone expecting to be able to charge it. However, it does not have a US charger, in the box or out of the box. I know i can buy one sperate. But when I buy a phone I expect to be able to charge it.

I have had at&t for 7 years and I have had great service with them, ever since I got this phone i have had terrible sevice everywhere! Most of my calls are dropped or missed because my lack of service and EVERY conversation I have I am told that I sound like I am under water. I dont recommend this phone...at ALL!

samsung phone was way too small and the spekers stopped working in a matter of days. not recommended for use

Just a simple android phone. works well as long as not too many apps are open. Touch screen is easy to handle.

I doesnt work . I arrived my country; turned the telephone on and it doesnt make any sound- My dog play with it

i am happy the way my order came.my son is very happy arrived on time for his bday. and the product is in good condition and functional.

recommend this phone, worth the price, only thing to consider is that it's better for people with small fingers, like kids. and wish the buttons on the front would light up. otherwise a good starter phone.

This cell phone is fantastic for the price,works very well as described by the seller. I strongly recommend this phone to any person who need a good in less money.

This is a cheap, simple Android phone.I wanted an android phone to sync my contacts, read email via my Gmail account and support whatsapp.In the deal the GPS works not too bad either, so I am happy with what I paid for.This is not and I repeat not a phone for someone that needs a smart phone. This is a phone for someone that wanted a nokia 3210 and can't get them any more.

I bought this phone to replace an LG that I got through my upgrade plan with AT&T; Wireless. Was looking for a smart phone without the big price tag and data plan. The phone arrived at it is in a German language box. These are probably excess regional inventory that was sold off.The phone is smaller than I thought it would be. It is 4 x 2.25"; not the same size as an iPhone or other Androids I've seen. This makes entering text and dialing a bit challenging as the virtual keypad is a bit small. I found turning it on its side makes the keypad a bit larger, but I'm still making a lot of errors when typing. That costs a star to the review.I was concerned that when booting up the phone, there is a Team Mobile logo and that somehow the phone would not work on AT&T.; I took out the SIM card of my old phone and slid it into the Samsung and I got dial tone and was able to text. However, I was not able to see my contacts.After playing around with my old phone and the Samsung, I was able to migrate all the content over. It's not just as simple as swap the SIM as it would be between phones on the same service plan. Here are the steps that I took to successfully complete the migration:Copy all contacts to SIM card that required a command entry in my LGCopy all other files to a memory cardCopy individual text conversations that I wanted to keep to the SIM, then import them into the SamsungThis was a trial and error process, but once completed all content was available on the Samsung. The phone works on my AT&T; plan and appears to be fully functional. You will need to go through all the various set up menus on this phone to get the time to synch up, and set the various preferences.  I had no problem with language preference, as everything is in English since is was first booted up.

This will be a gift for someone and it requires an overseas sim card so I have not yet tried it out.  I will do so when I reach the Philippines.

I was held up at gun-point two days ago and the robbers took my cell phone SAMSUNG Y GALAXY S-5360 that I bought from HASSLE-FREE here on amazon.com.It was the best cell phone that I have ever owned and the only reason that I let the robbers take it is because they had a revolver in my face! :-(I am now saving to buy another one just like it from HASSLE-FREE CELL through amazon.com again. I absolutely loved my cell phone and it came unlocked as advertised. Since my job takes me overseas for extended periods of time, all I had to do was pop in a sim card for that country and it worked great. I can't wait to get another one!I give 5 stars to this company and to their product.

I just got his phone a month ago and I love it. It was my first smartphone purchase so I wasn't sure what to look for but I got a Samsung phone because my experiences with Samsung phones were always wonderful. I love this phone because it has wonderful features: great apps, big clock and weather widgets on the home screen, and the FM radio. It beats carrying an MP3 player. But this phone doesn't come with a manual so I'm still learning about the phone as I use it everyday. One annoying thing about the phone, though, is that when you make a call and you want to end the call, it doesn't let you push the end key right away. You have to tap on the phone twice to unlock the screen before you can end the call. It's good when the call gets disconnected automatically after you hang up, but if you have to tap on the screen twice to unlock it, it gets annoying. I get that they lock the phone so it doesn't hang up automatically if you face is touching the screen, but tapping on the phone twice each time can get on your nerves sometimes. Otherwise, this is a great phone and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a smartphone.

Lame, slow, ugly, small. Annoying. Don't get it , waste of money. You will thank me oh so very much. im dead serious people. Bye

Hey...I'm old and not quite too hip but I wanted to move up from a basic flip cell phone that was nothing but a phone to a basic &#34;smart&#34; phone that I could get on the net with and just check my emails while away from home....this too was very inexpensive but works as advertised and is easy for old folks like me to use also.....in other words it fills the bill and gets the job done without putiing me into bankruptcy....would be a very good choice for youngsters or early teeners to get started with.........is fairly fast on internet and I get to read my emails just about anywhere.....what more do you want, or, for that matter...need?!

I don't use a lot this phone. I only have it on my desk and sometimes I use the instagram or see a picture of my wedding. The battery life is about 3 or 4 hours. Now I can't return it because I'll loose money. I think is too small to be touch. I don't recommend this model.

Got this phone, with a Sony Xperia (you can check my other review about that device), and boy....there is quite a difference.This one looks like a very cheap toy; compared to the Xperia (which is in the same price range), the device feels quite sluggish, and it is not that great while used for anything other than SMS or phone calls.Not sure why but this Samsung Y is really slow and disappointing; if you need a cheap smartphone with Android OS on it. go for the Sony Xperia, and you will get a far superior device.This is good for very young kids, but at this point you may just get one of the cheap 39.99 regular phones from Tmobile or ATT and save the rest for a decent smart phone. All that it does great is calling and sending SMS, so at this point you don't even need a smart phone.

I bought this mobile for my mom. She likes it. It works really good for its price, that's pretty cheap.

It is a nice phone and holds up to it promises, but then I got the Samsung GALAXY EXHIBIT 4G for $25.00 less, and it definitely looses compared to this phone. Therefore no 5 stars.

hi, is GSM or CDMA, I need to work GSM.I am interested in this article, and I hope to be happy like most, thanks

This phone is ok. I wish I was not frustrated when it arrived. It was in Serbian!! I had no clue how to change the language as the manual was also in Serbian! Luckily someone in my family knew android so was changed easily after that.The voice quality is good on the phone. Bought it so I could use it out of US!

Worthed every cent. Has all the Android 2.3.5 functionality w/o the fancy specs. If you are on low budget ir simply dont care for fancy smartphones this is your right choice.

I bought this phone in order to replace a Blackberry 8520. It is unlocked and came in a factory sealed box just as advertised. Internet connectivity and wi-fi work great on this little phone. Touch screen is really good and works flawlessly. The only CON is the 3.5" screen size.  It is quite small and makes it difficult to type in the vertical mode. However when you turn the phone horizontally the typing pad gets larger and is a lot better to type in. Since I already knew upfront about the screen size it didn't bother me that much. It is actually the average screen size in most phones in the market. The phone did not come with micro SD card and when you try to take pictures it asks you to insert one, so be prepared to get a micro SD card as well. It comes with Android 2.3 gingerbread and the processor speed is nice. Overall it is a great little phone and really fun to use. I definitely recommend purchasing this product.

My first smartphone, has all the features of any other smartphone, moreover, has them all, and with the advantage of a size that fits in your pocket

Not much to say, I got the product, it arrived on time and it works. But its not as I expected it, so I am disappointed.

I just wanted it because my old Palm treo died. I also added texting, but the keys are soooo tiny, have to use a &#34;wand.&#34; Light, but doesn't have voice dialing, or haven't discovered how to use it. Was able to convert old contacts over via Samsung Kies program, a little slow but took all the contacts readily. Pairs up nicely with newer ( less than 1-2 yrs old) blue tooth accessory.

My fault, should have checked the measurements. This phone was way too small for me. They all look alike. Sorry.

this phone is a very good tool, i can used it to do almost every thing i need to do. email, facebook, and the web.

This is a great unlocked GSM phone for the price. The battery life is especially good. My only con is the screen size. Great for traveling overseas.

I am not sure why these phones are not marketed in the US. It has all of the capabilities of a modern smart phone, but it actually fits in your pocket!

it is a very good phone. is not the more expensive one, but for the price your are buying a very very good product.

Samsung Y Galaxy S-5360The phone is great just a little smaller than I expected. The phone fuctions are what i have been looking for.

The item is supposed to be a S-5360 but what when I checked on the phone it showed a S-5363. Do not know what the difference is, though looks like the picture advertised. It came with a European charger and US adapter. It was in German and had to change the language to English. One thing to note is that you cannot take pictures without a micro SD card. If WIFI is enabled a full charge lasts for only about 5 hours. Overall build quality is good and worth the money. It was shipped by Unlocked Cell Phone Kings Inc.

I really liked this phone. I ordered other 2 phones along with this. and only this phone was in new condition. The other two phones had slight scratches and wear and tear.

I bought this for my girl. She was very dissatisfied, which made me feel very dissatisfied.1. There is a lack of information regarding the accessories it comes with. For example headphones, which nowadays is an industry standard.2. As mentioned on previous reviews, this phone comes from Europe. Preloaded with T-Mobile features.3. It cant be connected to a PC for transferring media. Its not recognized. So you need to turn off the phone. Remove sd card. Transfer content to it. Put sd card back and reboot phone. That is the reason why it comes with an sd card adapter.Her previous phone was a Nokia 5800 Xpress Music. She wanted this to be her first smart phone. I would like to have the chance to go back in time and order something else instead.I will not be ordering this kind of technology from Amazon any time soon.

IT SAYS WHAT IT DOES.  LOTS OF APP.  IT IS AN EUROPEAN VERSION BUT IT CAME WITH AN ADAPTER.  MY KIDS REALLY LIKE THEM.  I ORDERED THREE.

small, very light, easy to work with it..........the only problem I had was with my simple mobile provider I couldn't send or receive MMS or get internet but thanks to TWEAKKER it took few minutes to configure the phone and I am one happy camper!!!....

The price is acceptable. However, the memory is so small while Samsung tries to fit as many apps as possible, just to make it a brother of Galaxy. Whenever I have to update something, youtube for example, it will pop up an announcement saying that there is not enough room for new updates. The thing is I already deleted all extra apps, but there is still not enough room for new updates. Some apps I do not even use because I do not need them, and also because they repeats each other. My phone is not updated. That upsets me.The graphic has low quality. It hurts my eyes. Back to the point when they try to fit a lot of things to a quite small screen, everything squeezes and looks blurry.It is good for basic functions. However, to function as a smart phone, it is not even halfway yet.It is a small phone, perfect for tiny people like me.

I got this phone from amazon and now i can not conect the phone and did not have the chip worst

sending the phone was fast, but to get it checked when the phone had the key of the menu in poor condition, meaning that key does not work, I bought a new phone should have nothing shabby, if not cover warranty , and when to communicate with Global Mobiles, the store where I bought I can not communicate.

Easy to use, small very easy to carry.perfect for budget.. Decent processor speed...battery life is ok..Just go 4 it....it....very happy.

windows 7 machine properly, Apps mysteriously stop working, and it is a hassle to have to login each time you want to download an App.I kept the iphone since it is supposed to be one of the best phones.Recently I went for an extended stay in East Africa. The only way to ensure that I was not slammed with data or roaming charges, I left the iphone at home. Upon arrival in Africa, I was in need of a phone and was able to buy this Samsung Galaxy from a street vendor.I must say that I LOVE this phone. I consider it far superior to the MUCH more expensive Iphone 4S. I have found that I can make this phone do everything the Iphone does, and it does it in a simpler more intuitive way.Setup- Easy, I did it without reading the instructionsUse- Easy to use. Intuitive Navigation. I love the fact that I can download apps without having to enter my login each time.Phone- Phone works great. In a remote area of Africa, I have 3G and NO dropped calls. My Iphone drops calls almost daily, and I live near the tower.Email- Easy to set up. Works well. Keyboard has voice recognition button so you can speak your messages, and it converts them to text.Form- Small, sleek, compact.Screen- Sharp and usable.PROS-Low CostWorks better than an IphoneExcellent Battery LifeNo dropped callsGood 3G/Internet/email functionalitySimple to set up and useWiFi capableSyncs easily with your google accountCons-A little disappointed in the Speaker Phone. Not loud enough, not as crystal clear as some other phones.Bottom Line- I am not easily impressed but I love this phone, and I feel a little silly for even buying the iphone 4s now.

It looks good and when we opended the box it had everything we wanted for but the Battery only lasts for 2 hours.

Good price, midrange To be a bit slow your system, but improves with updating applications and with a memory of 4 gigs

Well there is not much to say except:I do not hate the phoneI bought it thinking that I could install Magic jack software on itOh, I think the keys on the digital typing pad are too close at least for me

Pro: It works, does multiple things like chatting, texting, Skypeing, bisides talking.Con: It is very small and often difficult to text unless you hold it landscape wise.The reaction to touch is very sluggish, but not smooth. That may be becausethe screen is not made sensitive enough to the human touch or pen. It requiressome patience.

This phone is full featured and I have had no issues with it working.  It is actually a model GT-5363.  It comes in a box with a european style plug with an adapter back to a US 120 VAC.  The phone starts in German and has to be immediately changed to English if that is where you live.  Be sure to check the screen size.  I have small hands for a male and I can not use the keyboard.  Keys are to close together.  All acessories will have to be bought on the internet because every store I have been in has never heard of this model.

When I received the phone it stated on the box that is was locked to british pay as you go phone company (with no offices outside Great Britain that I could find). Anyway, that was not what I was expecting and what I wanted. I therefore returned the phone without even opening the box.

I order this phone bcs I saw good reviews and thought it would be great for my son. Ordered it as a birthday gift. When we get the package he is so excited and when he opens it... IT'S PINK! The front and back its all pink. He was so disappointed, so my phone search continues... Lets see how they do with returning my funds when I return the phone.

I actually ordered 2 of these phones.  I ordered one for myself at $116 and was pleased with it.  I ordered a second one for $117 a week later for my daughter.  The second one was a different color (silver) though this was not indicated in the order.  It came with lots of Apps pre installed as if someone else had set it up.  It was also in Spanish.  The description was for a new phone, not refurbished.  Also some setting on the phone were different.

all works great. only 2 minuses: 1) keyboard is a bit too small. more written mistakes than with larger screens.2) Battery lasts a bit less than other samsungs (thats my experience).otherwise all works just great!

Samsung es una excelente marca, sus celulares son de lo mejor y este en particular tiene el precio correcto para mis necesidades.

The mobile arrived very fast... a very good service experience from HassleFreeCell.Operating system works fine, you can find great applications to download. I have take it to work in latin america countries and there is only the issue that it won't navigate at 3.5 Generation networks because it needs an update on software. The samsung support helped with this.

Great phone, works very well, the only thins is that sometimes has a bit crash on wi-fi conection, a shame the screen quite small. All the rest is excellent

Fun little phone that's great for my middle-schooler. Texting, Wi-fi & no contract makes this a great starter Android phone. Other than its plastic feel, great.Relatively easy reset from German to English. Just drop in SIM card & select language.Haven't synced w a computer yet, but don't really find the need.

Nice little phone.  I bought this for when out of the country I could have something for local or international SIMs.  Nice little android gingerbread phone, don't expect upgrade to ICS.  Be aware that this phone is SMALL compared to most Android phones in the US--screen and icons are proportionally small, so don't plan on doing a long of games, etc. or other eye-intensive uses.  But otherwise is great, works perfectly for what I need, and I am overall happy with it.

Good phone for a good price!!!! Bought this for family member out of the country and was surprised at what features it had when I received it.

well i bought it for a gift to ma mom so cant tell much about it... but looks a very promising device tho...

This was the least expensive unlocked touch screen phone I could find anywhere. I would say a good touchscreen starter phone as well for its price. The seller sent the product on time.

screen to small not satisfied wish it was a larger screen the would recommend it to friends and relatives along with others

7/13/2012 - Ordered SAMSUNG Y GALAXY S-5360 (New) from amazon.com (seller - Wireless everything)7/18/2012 - Got the delivery7/27/2012 - reported the problem of phone not starting up.7/30/2012 - sent the entire packet via express post (spent $15), so that can get the delivery back asap.7/31/2012 - Wireless Everything got the packet. Diagnose this as a battery prb.8/03/2012 - Got the delivery back, but the charger is missing. Inform the same data about this.8/09/2012 - First reminder about the charger (after waiting for 6 days from the first notification)8/15/2012 - Second reminder about the charger (after waiting for another 6 days from the first reminder and 12 days after the first notification)8/22/2012 - Third reminder about the charger (after waiting for 7 days from the second reminder and 19 days after the first notification).8/24/2012 - 21days from the first notification, get a call from Wireless Everything today (spoke to Jack) saying that I should get the delivery today.8/24/2012 - Finally get the charger !!Now can use the phone after 1 month of purchase !!!! ... but now really scared as to how long it'll last.I didn't see much of seriousness from amazon.com or the seller to try and resolve the matter at the earliest.Amazon.com says that returns are easier...but that's BS...I spent 15$ in express shipping to get my problem fixed.I wonder if CS at amazon.com even took a look at the messages that i have exchanged with the seller (..and if you happen to see even half a word of regret from the seller, I'll give amazon.com $1000!).The customer service reply that I got on 15th Aug. from Mukesh Y displayed tremendous amount of helplessness on part of amazon.com in helping out the customer.I didn't even feel like replying to that pathetic customer service email.Anyways, one thing is for sure, I am not buying any electronics stuff from amazon.com, let alone the seller 'wireless everything'.amazon.com is probably ok for buying small stuff or books..but buying expensive electronics....very very risky.how many stars does amazon.com and the seller expect from me for this kind of service?

I don't know if it's just me, but there's a lot of sensitive things on this phone.  Sometimes the on button takes awhile to register and the battery life is ridiculously short.  Read the reviews, and yes it does come with a converter and everything is in dutch.  The voice command is pretty cool though - the accuracy is uncanny.

I can&#34;t waite to get it set up when My sim card and minutes card get here.i have heard about samsung

And nowhere in the description does it say who the carrier is. I'm sure this is a fine phone but I have to send it back. This is a T Mobile phone.

The phone does all that I want out of my phone and it is small and very light.I would recommend it to my friends.

excellent product, came a time according to my taste.

Good choice. Excelent cel phone. This cel phoneis easy to use in software and confortable to carry out. Two thumbs up!!!

It is very simple to use. It is a great buy. It is fast and has great features.We really got a great deal with this phone. My husband loves it.

phone advertised as new ...wasn't ...still had someones voice mail # on it and was constantly bringing me to an Austrailian news service when i entered the internet...after 2 weeks ,it wouldn't let me exit an internet site so like most thing that don't work anymore ,it became garbage ,you know the stuff for landfill ...

She's loves her new phone! She hasn't stopped texting everyone. I can't figure out where to put an SD card so she can take photos yet though.

I guess I don't like andorid phones after all, the phone is smaller than it appeared sometimes if you get out of keypad while calling you can't get back unless someone hangs up on the other side or you shut the phone off...

SAMSUNG Y GALAXY S-5360.It's been a few days that I've had this phone. This is my first personal Android phone, but I've previously used a Nokia touch screen. In short, I'm quite impressed with it. It's small in size and very handy. It synchronized with my Outlook info. It did have a few glitches, so please make sure you back-up your data first.battery life is not so long, especially if you start using wi-fi, and mobile data or GPS. Also, the toggle buttons and the power button are easily pressed, so it often accidentaly gets depressed.But quite happy with it.

Good Phone, and sleek looking, too! It also came unlocked. However, there seems to be a memory problem. I need a lot of memory and this makes it inconvenient to use.

This phone is worse than a bad joke.  It constantly drops calls, I do not exaggerate to say that it dropped every single call made or received in the 4 weeks when I tried to keep my wife using it.  The size is nice and the listed features sound wonderful, but it does not work in the world we live in, maybe it will in an alternate universe.I've got to get my money back; we won't get days back that wasted with this trash.

I actually really do like my little Samsung Galaxy Y. It is sleek, small, and decent little first smartphone. It has access to the googleplay store to start your purchases or downloads of free apps. Calls come in clear and, at least with my AT&T; service, never drop. I love the swype keyboard option and the voice text as well.The only reason that this did not get 5 stars is that it occasionally has temper-tantrums where the app will not load, you have to go into the app manager, force stop, clear the cache and then restart the phone to get the app to work again.

the phone started malfunctioning two weeks after I received it; the screen kept twitching and freezing, the return key doesn't always work, persons on the other end don't hear me well and the phone doesn't even recognize the memory card that came with it.  After I sent a request to return this product I got a deadline of only two days to do so.  I will suffer this loss but NEVER AGAIN!!!

When received the phone was locked and could not be used. Our computer/cell phone literate daughter got in touch with the seller and after some back and forth got it unlocked.In cooperation with the a t & t technician we got it working - somewhat.We may still return it as it seems too complex for us old folks.For instance, when touching a key we get a double number and we don't have a stylus

Phone is so small for the touch screen type cellular. And charger is badly designed. Camera is only 2 MP which is useless. I put phone in use for only one week and had to put it away and got a new Samsung S III.

It works very well with venezuelan operators but it has only to known lenguages: English and french. When using predective dictionary you'll have a lot of problems. The batery last longer than any other like phone. I knew about the problem with the lenguage but I did not know it would be such a problem when writing SMS's.

This phone comes with so many apps installed from the factory that there is hardy any space to download any for myself. Had it less than a week and it being sold to someone else. I hate it and regret getting it. Would love  my money back.

Basic entry level Android. Phone is unlocked and everything worked. Three minor issues. The charger is a european one with a adapter for U.S use. The phone came in spanish, but on booting up you are presented with two options. the one on the right takes you to the language setting where you can then select english. The last thing was, you must have a memory card in order to take pictures/videos. The phone will not allow you to otherwise. They should mention that in the description page for people who don't know. All in all, still pleased with it for the price.

Ordered it on Monday and got it on Thursday. The order was Sold by OG Wireless (Open Group Wireless).The phone is unlocked, it is Galaxy Y GT-S5360 that is produced for the Far East market and you will not get service from Samsung in US (I tried and they refused to help in anyway).There is no mention to warranty, so, I assume there is no warranty, especially when Samsung people in US will not service this phone.It came in a box and start up menu that are written in Germen. Had to use a dictionary to translate the two options that popped up to determine which one is the word for language setting. That is easy.When I connected it to my Windows XP computer (after installing Samsung Kies) it requested a bunch of drivers that Windows XP could not find anywhere on my computer or on the internet. It showed a few entries on Windows Device Manager screen with a warning mark. Somehow, after restarting the computer and reconnecting the phone, everything works fine and the entries on Windows Device Manager are gone.Overall, I have the phone for 7 days and I like it. It is small and light weight compare to other smart phones, have good Android version (Android OS, v2.3.5 (Gingerbread)). Does not do everything, but good value for the money. Battary lasted about 3 days.Cons:1) The speaker is not laud enough. Not a fit for an environment that is not really quite.If you plan on using it for video chat, you better buy a phone with a front camera - this one has the lens on the back.2) Some software updates dismount the SD memory card, the phone will indicate that there is no SD card, and you have to open the back, pop it out and insert it back in.3) It had 290MB of internal RAM. The number of applications you can install and run at the same time it limited by the RAM size. If you plan on adding more than 5-7 applications, it will probably not be enough for you. The smaller the RAM size, the more you need to go to task manager and clear the RAM from applications you are not using at the moment.4) If you plan on doing video chat, take a phone that have a camera lens in the front (same side of the screen).
