
Bye Bye Itunes.  I have not heard of cricKet before, but after seeing their phone at my local retailer, I decided to look online for a new carrier.  This phone is awesome.  And MUVE music ROKS!  No longer do I need to pay $1.29 for that "tunes" download and them asking, or dictating, that I update my version every day!

The phone itself works fine with no problems. My gripe is that the sound with headphones/ earbuds is absolutely horrible! No bass or depth, and no way to change it either. No settings or anything.

the phone works great. i love it and got it very cheap it got to my house before the stated delivery date which is awesome. the only thing that i have a problem with the phone is that it shuts off at random moments and i never know about it so i always miss phone calls and text messages.

I HATE THIS PHONE.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!  From the second I purchased this phone, it has been shutting itself off!  SO FRUSTRATING!!!  Of course you get the run around when you try to get help with fixing it.  I'm going to trash it and count my losses.

this is an ok phone it will make call no front cam and no mobile internet and low memory space

I bought this phone with the intention of using the wifi on it to access the internet and learn about apps, not necessarily using the phone at this time.The screen is surprisingly pretty clear for it's size.I wanted to be able to use an app for Swag Bucks mobile TV and have been able to access that with no problem.  Now I can earn even  more swag bucks to trade in for more Amazon Gift Cards, to buy products like this phone.If you are looking for a device to do Swag Bucks on, including SBTV mobile, this will work if you are near wifi.If you are interested in using Swag Bucks to trade in for Amazon and other gift cards please use the following link or contact me.  [...]I only wish the battery life was a little better.

I purchased this product after being skeptical because of where I live because of all of the comments I heard of the service not being as good as any other phone service... but anyways I purchased this phone and I actually can say I enjoy this phone alot....PROS: its an android and it is cheap to purchase....CONS: the speaker isnt that loud which could be a problem being in a loud area with headphones on and not able to hear your music...:( OVERALL I would definitely recommmend this phone to anyone who likes music and is an app freak like me....

I can't wait to get a different phone, If u plan to buy this phone don't,This phones sends multiple text messages, Sometimes it doesn't even send them, Another problem is alot of Android Apps is not compatible with this Phone. Also i don't get good signal and lots but lots of drop calls, Overall i can't wait to get a different fone.

The phone is pretty cool. Has alot of games that you can play and download for free, but not alot of storage. You constantly need to delete and add games in order to play all of them. The battery SUCKS! Keep a car charger handy and have it powered down if you are not using it. Although the battery sucks, the phone will operate while plugged into the charger. Another downside is that if you buy this phone online your only billing option is pre paid. You must have you pre paid service active and current for 2 years before you can switch over to regular monthly billing. The real downside to the pre paid plan is that the minutes are not unlimited. You are given 1000 minutes per month with the pre paid plan. However, with the regular monthly billing plan you get unlimited minutes. The texts and data are unlimited on both the pre paid and regular billing plans. Nice to have a smartphone on a flip phone budget though.:-)

didn't buy it brand but it looked brand new esn was clean worked fine camera isn't the best its hard to scratch the screen nice mid-range phone

This phone looks good and is nice but I had wanted a prepaid phone for $.10 per min.So if your looking to buy this phone you have to pay a monthly payment of $55, which for me was out of my price range.But it has unlimited music,talk,text,and more. Hope this helps:)

I love the Muve Music feature but it doesn't do me bit of good since battery won't "hold" a charge.  I don't mean that it runs out of charge quickly--it won't hold any charge at all.  If the feature appeal to you with Cricut (which seems good) spend the extra cash and buy a more subsantial phone.  The ZTE phone is garbage and when/if you inquire about warranty protection you will get a run around -- apparently the ZTE company does not stand behind their shoddy product or even sell parts needed to make it work correctly.

The person who sent me this phone deleted everything off the phone except their nasty videos now what if I would have given this phone to my kids and three months after having this phone it stopped working a waste of my money.

Okay so i just got this phone in the mail i was so excited, i paid my $55 a month plan plus the activation fee, came out to $60 no big deal the problem started when i activated the phone an it wouldnt work, i have complete service but im not able to call text or even use the muve music which is the whole reason i brough the damn thing. im getting a refund because this phone is a piece of junk, ohh and dont bother calling tec support ive been on the phone with then for 4hours an nothing. they'll just keep telling you to take the battery out

I bought it back in January 2013 on crickets official website and i got it 2 nights and 1 day later and when i first got the phone it had one issue it was turning on and off by it self but i fixed it and then it was good but the phone got hot fast and it randomly crashed from Time and time again and i force close the app to get it to work again but i didn't like that with the stock os and the one update with the phone i would recommend this for first time smartphone users but not for people downgrading from a good phone to this one, i give it an average rating because there are some issues with this phone, and in late match the micro USB port stopped working correctly but I'm still giving the phone an average review for the sake of it

Android phone that is fast enough to catch up with my multiple taping and texting speed.It has the Google "Play Store" where you download many of the apps, Its preinstalled with Google products, such as; Google Maps, Gmail, Docs, and some Cricket product short cuts as well.

This phone may be worthwhile if you're on a very tight budget or you don't want to commit to a two year contract with a $90 a month plan, which is what my case is. The $55 a month isn't so bad when you compare it to other plans out there, but if you can afford it, I'd go with a better phone and a better plan.What I do like about this phone, besides the fact that it's cheap, is the simple fact that it's an android phone and it's my first one.. I've only been using flip phones until now.  It has some nice backgrounds and being able to have apps is cool, but that's about it.What I don't like about this phone is the fact that the battery dies SO quickly.  If you're playing a game or using an app, you should probably have your charger nearby.. It seems to take forever to charge and doesn't last very long once it is charged.Also, there is very little memory and I can't seem to be able to move ANYTHING to my SD card.. I guess the SD card which is included is exclusively for the muve music thing.. It seems to hold roughly 100 megs, which is NOT a lot... Now when I download an app, I have to make room by deleting other apps.The Gmail syncing is atrocious. When I click on my Gmail it's not at all updated.  I've taken the recommended steps to have it synced properly, to no avail. It also notes, however, that if internal memory is low, Gmail will not auto-sync.. Since I have about 10 apps installed, my internal memory is low.. I uninstalled a few of them, and nothing changed.Like I said, if you're on a tight budget and unwilling to commit to a contract as I am, this phone may be for you but I personally have found it to be a bit useless.  I don't intend on using the music service which seems to be the main focus of this phone.. I only play with it for the apps... I'll get an ipod touch or a tablet.

(May 31st) Ok, I've had this phone for roughly six months now. I have had several annoyances with this phone. When I first set up the phone, I called in and had them activate it. Well, "they" (Cricket support) did not put me on the $55 monthly MUVE music plan. Instead, they put me on a $55 plan that is compatible with all of their phones, not only MUVE ones. So the first month I could not use the MUVE music feature, I wasn't thrilled. The next month I got on the right plan. I really like the application, it does have it's faults though. I noticed that if I download a whole album, it takes a loooooong time for it to download (an hour or more to complete all the songs sometimes). So if you're planning on downloading a bunch of music when you first get it, I would do it at night right before you go to sleep so that way it's done in the morning when you get up. I also noticed that about a week and a half to a week before my service was up, it would take SEVERAL attempts to open the application. It would go to the opening screen, wait, say the application was starting up, and then go back to the main screen. I wondered if maybe I was close to my data limit. My boyfriend who I also bought the same phone for at the same time has said his does the same thing. So I decided to upgrade my plan since I do listen to the music a lot to the $65 plan which is unlimited everything. It still does the same thing, about a week and a half before the service is up it will take me 15 trys to open up the application. I looked online and a Cricket rep said to dial *228 (SEND) on the phone and if it doesn't open and start working after that to take it to the local cricket store. Well, I'm not anywhere near a Cricket store unfortunately for the summer and that didn't work. Finally I did a factory reset and it seems to be working fine since then, but another months of service hasn't rolled around since I did it either. The battery life is nothing to brag about. I always keep an extra charger in my purse and a car charger with me, because the battery doesn't last long. I usually have to charge it twice a day, I am on my phone and using apps a lot so I know that eats into the battery too. Maybe if you don't use the phone constantly it will work perfectly. The speaker when talking to someone is not as loud as it could be either. Don't plan on talking to someone in a busy place with this phone because you won't be able to hear them, even on "speaker phone". One last thing I have had a problem with is sometimes (once a week or so) when I am doing something on it the phone completely shuts off and restarts again. I don't do anything too important on my phone though so nothing has been lost in it doing that. Overall, for the price I paid of $50 at Christmas 11 it is not a terrible phone. It does have several problems, but since it's not a contract phone and there are way way more applications available than on my old Verizon Blackberry, I'm going to stick with it.

Smart phones require smart people to operate them correctly sometimes.This phone does support at least 16GB micro SD cards classes 1~10, I have a class 8 16GB that works perfectly in my phone (remember folks, you've got to format the card to the correct data table that the phone uses, thats in the memory and SD card settings, select format card)The screen is awesome and bright, crisp colors although the bit rate is on the low side so some dark images can appear grainy.Performance wise this phone is rather well, although it starts to chug along if you've got a lot of open apps.. but still this is a 70$ phone, and you can't ask 600$ performance out of a 70$ phone.Camera works great, although the image quality is sub-par with other phones..but again.. its a sub 100 phone were talking about.My only true complaint is that this phone is "incompatible" with flash which means some apps like crackle and hulu will not work, along with some other streaming video content.accessories are rather slim to nill for this phone as well, if you want a case you basically get 8 choices to choose from, and only two kinds.But! if you want a pre-paid smart phone with out a contract this phone is hard to beat and i'd recommend it to others as well, as long as they're smart enough to use it though = )

when you buy a phone you are most likely happy. there is so much joy using it.when you put the charger in it does not charge. that happened to me.i asked for a return it. the seller did not tell me. now after the 30 day return thing.he starts to tell me how to return it. if i had not bought it i would have saved about 60 maybe 80 dollars. i would not buy this if i were you. thank you for reading

When a big technology box store had this phone over the weekend for the price of a pizza, I was skeptical, but knew I had little to lose, so I got it. WOW! What a wonderful android device. I cannot comment on it as a phone since I have no intention of using it that way, although others on many web sites indicate it is a good phone, but I can say it is a great android 2.3 device: nice screen, great wifi, access to the entire android market, easy settings, fast for the processor installed, great bluetooth, responsive, nicely designed; battery life OK if phone part shut off; good sound quality, etc. I speak from experience since I have an ipod, an iphone, and ipad, and another android device. Of course, it does not have quite the build quality of an Apple product but at 1/20th the price, I would not expect it to. I really have no complaints about this android device and for the money I paid, it was grad theft.

This phone is pretty cool and lots of features. A little confusing on the set up but after that its pretty easy and very versatile.

The product is just fine  i will be making another purchase in the next two weeks  trying to make a choice.  THANK YOU

Summary:  Cricket plan w/talk, text, data and unlimited music downloads: $55.75 a month .  Verizon plan w/talk, text, and data was $83 per month and a 2 yr contract. SAVINGS of $27.25 a month!I bought this phone so I could switch to the much cheaper Cricket plans from Verizon.  I didn't think I would care anything about the music features, but I was wrong.  I had already accepted that I would pay $55 per month-but I didn't realize that it included unlimited music downloads.  Other Cricket plans are $55, but without the Muve phone, you don't qualify for free music downloads.  I'm very pleased, and even my die hard Iphone husband is jealous of the infinite amount of obscure music I can choose from.***One reviewer states that it is a bait and switch situation because you can't use this phone with lesser plans-the Amazon description clearly states how much the plan is per month***Note:  I took this phone to a Cricket store to have it activated and they whined that alot of the phones bought on Amazon don't "hook up" and then told me that they would have to charge me $15 to activate it.  I was not impressed at all with the customer service there-so I came home with my un-activated phone.  I activated it online through mycricket.com and had no problems and no activation fee-I simply paid the first month of $55.75 (.75 for 911 access).  When I did the online registration, I entered the Verizon number that I wanted ported to this phone and after several hours it wasn't done, so I called customer support.  For some reason, although I got a confirmation, they had no port order and it had to be done over the phone.  It took about 18 hours, but my Verizon number was ported successfully.

I purchased this phone in February of this year. I've had issues every month since. I spoke with what Cricket calls customer service multiple times this week for the same issues. I am now told this is no longer marketed as an Android or Muve Music phone because it isn't fully compatible with those features. Cricket refuses to replace my phone or to credit the difference between a feature phone plan and the Android/Muve Music plan back to me. I don't think it's legal to charge for services that don't work, but I haven't done enough research to know how to resolve that. I can say Virgin Mobile offers better phones and more minutes for less money, so that's where I'm going when this month's service ends.

I bought this as a surprise for my husband bc he ahd broke his other phone & This phone came right on time!

Unfortunately this is kind of a bait and switch program through Cricket.  While the phone is exceedingly cheap, the owner is forced into the $55 plan as the $25, $35 and $45 plans are 'not compatible' with this phone.Alas.  The better plans are still with Boost or Virgin.

Got my phone 3 days ago im learning how it all works slowly. i must say tho i love it so far but the battery life is waaaaay to short...i have to turn it off when im not useing it if i want it to last me all day =/

the arrival was the fastest ive ever seen it took 2 days to get here, awesome phone i absoloutley love it its super smooth and quick for 600 mhz processor screen is great size let me put it this way its like iphone but much better because of android market and features to that caliber, for those of you who love taking pictures its great for that too because say you want the picture to get brighter where your at you just have a dial to slide and it gets super bright for clear pictures be aware the sd card deal is the one it comes with is best to use bc the others dont function like other phones because the one you get seperates some stuff on it already half for muve and half for space of your own, all i can say is if you want a phone that is like contract phones with the wifi the camera and market apps then this one is great for that i did have a precedent from ST and it had about the same specs except for the 2.2.2 instead of 2.3.4 os and i have to say the cricket is way more better for smoothness and accuracy its just like a contract android phone except you pay a low price of $60 dollars a month for unlimited everything yeah its a bit higher but from what i can tell its totally worth it if your a tech maniac or just want a great smartphone this is the one it would be this or the samsung vitality but this is just like iphone but better like i said, the vitality is also slick i havent had a chance to try one out but i did alot of reasearch on each phone and this one is more of the whole iphone style and the vitality is more of the newer samsung styles both are similair in many ways but this one is awesome so you should get it when you get the chance

Spec says:Memory expansion via microSD card slot with support for optional cards up to 32 GB (4 GB card included).First, ZTE's tech support claims expandable to 16GB.  When I tried putting in 8 and 16GB cards, the phone did not recognize them. And when I tried to format them, will only format as 2GB.Cricket tech support claims that a special dual-partitioned card is required since this phone was made specifically for their "MUVE MUSIC" service, but can't even find me a Cricket Corporate Store where I can buy one, and neither is this special card listed for sale on their website.

I purchased this phone as a gift, luckily I was impatient and gave it to them early.  When trying to transfer their existing accout to the new phone Cricket would not allow the transfer.  Next thinking it was something wrong with the automotion, went to the retailer and they appologized, it can be transferred but theis phone did not have unlimited usage, the only available rate plan was a per minute.  This does not meet the advertising Cricket makes availabel for unlimited pricing plans.The problem I had was with the service carrier Cricket.  Amazon as usual fulfilled everything to allow me to purchase what I thought was a great deal.

Okay I have had this phone for about four months. First problem, it cuts off when it wants to. Also it chose to freeze up, not let me access my muve music. It didn't take my downloads. Which was basically contacts from my gmail account. The sound was horrible and I basically wanted to shoot it out the window. I mean at first I had it checked and nothing was wrong with it no water damage no nothing. So then I decided maybe it was just I used it too much. I mean I work all day but spent an hour at most talking on it a day. I pampered that thing for no reason. Do not get this phone if you value your money. Just saying

Had a issue with my first phone. I talked to Lindsey she is great, she is sending me a new phone.

TOO FULL OF WHAT I CONSIDER TO BE GARBAGE. IT WON'T EVEN LET ME DELETE PROGRAMS I DON'T WANT OR NEED. ALSO LOST SIGNAL QUITE A BIT.

Very good phone works perfectly battery and everything is so perfect. Had this phone for three months already with no problems at all

I switched from Sprint and have better call and data service on this Android phone than I've ever had. I live in the Baltimore - DC area and have traveled up and down the East Coast without any service problems.  My only complaint is the battery life -- I'm lucky if this phone lasts 8 hours.  But for $55/mo., I just keep it plugged in when not in use -- it's more than worth it. Cricket has come a long way!

Great phone have little problem out the phone when u think it hangs the next person up and u have to call that person back and it does the same thing again.

I bought this phone about 8months ago and have been with Cricket for a few years. I chose the ZTE as my first smartphone b/c it was a "special" from the Cricket rep in the mall. Not a day goes by that I dont say "I hate this phone". IT DROPS EVERY SINGLE SOLITARY CALL INCOMING AND OUTGOING! Ive had to have people call my home or office phone when I know the conversation will go longer than 30 seconds. IT SHUTS OFF RANDOMLY! I can set the phone down, come back to it a few minutes later and voila' its off! This happens several times a day. Makes for a bad day when the phone has shut off overnight and im using it as my alarm clock. NOT ENOUGH PHONE STORAGE! I get this error message constantly. Ive added a 16gb micro sd card and moved all apps and everything I possibly can over to the card and the phone still says there isnt enough storage available...Whaaaat? I dont use it for Muve music or any other music for that matter b/c THE SPEAKER SUCKS! THE BATTERY LIFE SUCKS! I have chargers everywhere, home, work, car and use all of them everyday.Is there anything I like about this phone? Surprisingly yes. When the 3G kicks in its great. Loads pretty fast and I can view most web pages. Games, texting, pictures, even video are all pretty good. Oh yeah, with the camera, after you take a picture, dont move to fast or you'll get a blur cuz it hasnt had time to actually "take" the picture lol. However like I said when you do get a picture or take video the quality is good. You cant send video tho. The zoom is good too.Im sure you're wondering why, if I hate it so much, do I continue to keep it. Well, I cant afford anything better and with Cricket everything is unlimited...truly unlimited and for only $65 a month! With tax :)

To list all the problems with this phone will take to long. Not worth the money. I am starting to think that using homing pidgins will be more effective. Glitches and function problems are abundant but battery power is not. You will spend more time cursing your phone then communicating with human beings. It amazes me that a such a horrible product exists and I was dumb enough to buy it.

, where can i take it for the issues it will have? and it will have issues. if not the phone, then the service. Cricket is known for issues and I have been with them a couple years now. the price is manageable for me right now and the no-contract is key for me so altho I have had equipment and service issues. I can deal with them because of my reasons for being with Cricket in the first place.Anyhooot. If you are tolerant this is a decent phone, but seriously, if I buy from Amazon, who is going to work out the kinks??

I purchased the phone as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend. The phone did not live up to the specifications. The customer service department contacted me and resolved the issues with the phone. Thank you!

Even after turning off all battery draining apps the phone will not last a full day on standby. For normal use I have to charge the battery three times a day. Bummer.

I don't recommend this phone it doesn't work it malfunctions very bad and im not happy about this at all

I've been a cricket customer for several months now and when I tried to activate this phone I was told it could only be activated by PAY AS YOU GO customers. **frustrated**

My friend did the MISTAKE of buying this stupid phone again. He didn't realize his son's phone broke not even a month from owning it. (USB connection)My friend's phone was calling up people, which was embarrassing because they were hearing our conversations. The phone pix sux. The screen is dull. We really hated this phone all the way around. It broke in 1 1/2 month after purchase. WILL NEVER BUY THIS ZTE CHEAP BRAND!

I am reviewing this as a personal media player, I haven't tried the phone features. I simply put the device in airplane mode and turned on wifi.I recently bought this phone as a gift for a kid to play games, listen to music, etc. It's an excellent iPod Touch alternative for a fraction of the price! It comes with headphones, a 4GB microSD card, and a wordldwide 100-240V charger with non-proprietary micro-usb connector. It has a pretty responsive camera with dedicated hardware button!Android 2.3 is pretty nice, with widgets for weather, news etc. Google Play has tons of apps & games, just installed Angry Birds Space and some other stuff which play great. The touchscreen is very responsive as well, it's capacitive with 2-point-multitouch.Another surprise is the rich variety of sensors on this phone: GPS, 3-axis accelerometer, 3-axis magnetometer (compass), orientation sensor (gyroscope), proximity, gravity, linear acceleration and rotation vector sensor.Only problem I found with this phone is that certain apps like FIFA 12 and Adobe Flash Player 11 are not supported it seems, not sure why. Please comment if you know!Anyway, given the price and features/performance, this device fully deserves 5 stars as a personal media player / gaming device / android mini tablet. The phone function is just an optional feature (which I don't need).

This is a great phone, I had a prepaid chorus ZTE phone before this and it was dead in 1 month, but I know this will hold up, b/c it is a good phone and it is sturdy. The only thing is the battery constantly needs charging--not a good part of it, otehr than that, it takes great pictures and esp outside. I've taken all sorts of pictures and they are nice. Im still trying to figure some things out on the phone and I've had it for a month, you learn something new everyday. But, this is def the way to go b/c you aren't paying cricket's prices and it is a great phone for less and you can sign up with cricket and pay 59 a month and if you want muve music it is 65 a month, which I currently do not have muve music yet. I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a cheaper cricket phone and not paying cricket's prices. it is a good choice!!

I really enjoy this phone. If your not willing to commit to a contract then this is the phone for you!Apps, Music UNLIMITED!...It's a great phone, instead of having to buy songs off Itunes constantly you have phone and music in the price of one! There are really neat cases too to find online, MAKE SURE TO DOWNLOAD THE ANGRY BIRDS APP, Its fun!

When I purchased this phone it worked fine. The battery life is absurd! Even if you don't use the phone, it dies within a few short hours. I had the phone less than 60 days and it would no longer hold a charge. I exchanged the phone under the manufacturer warranty and then Cricket wanted to charge me $15 to activate the phone under my existing phone number. I argued with them and they waived the fee. I'm now about 60 days out from having the second phone and it's no longer holding a charge. I purchased an extended warranty through Best Buy when I originally purchased the phone, but I'm not even sure I'm going to exchange it. I'll just end up needing a new phone in another 60 days. Don't waste your time, go with Virgin Mobile or T-mobile. The only thing positive about this phone was the navigation feature... but you can get that on any phone. I've had cheap $20 track phones that worked better than this.

I have had this phone for about a week and I must say that i regret buying it. The battery life is horrible and the signal is almost always bad. I think there is something wrong with the phone that doesn't let it get good signal because i never had signal problems with other cheaper cricket phones but I do have problems with this phone.Half the time I don't receive phone calls... meaning I don't get any notification whatsoever. Also half the time I don't receive multimedia messages.. some people I always get their picture messages and other people I won't receive t at all. And when I do receive multi media messages it usually takes several minutes to download and several attempts.The overall phone is okay.. there is just something wrong with it that won't let you receive calls or multi media messages sometimes.

I bought this phone cause it was within my budget and it does what I expect it to do...I'm not a iphone geek and I don't need anything fancy to read email or text. It takes good enough quality pictures for me...

I rec'd product fine not able to activate with cricket now im stuck with a phone I cannot use. Don't ever buy a cricket phone from amazon you will not be happy>

I purchased this phone a little over 3 weeks ago for the insane price of $29.99 + free overnight shipping (and was received by 11a.m. the next day).  This was my very first android phone and I was skeptical about it's use..or rather my ability to use it...Within 10 minutes of turning it on, I had it wired....There's nothing to it..very easy to use.  Love the touch screen but wish it would just stay clean.  Battery life is not terribly good and should last longer.  The speakerphone is almost worthless, as you can barely hear anything at all..even in a dead quiet room.  The camera works o.k. as long as you have plenty of light..Not great for low light situations.  All in all..as the title states, a good "starter" phone for someone just learning the ins and outs of the Android and for the price..You just can't beat it...I am however looking into "upgrading" to a better phone soon.

i just love everything about it .i love being able to go on facebook .all the music is free.the screen is a great size

Good Android phone for the money

Ok I bought this phone after myCricket Lg Optimus C Android Lw690 2.2 3g Brand Newfizzed out in September.  The phone is about $25-45 bucks cheaper and has a Muve music plan.  However I stayed with original Android plan since the app market has several options where I can download music for free.  As for the overall performance of the phone, the sound is not as good as the LG Optimus C.  The sound passage is in the back of this unit where the Optimus has the sound come through the earpiece.  The weight of the phone feels lighter than the Optimus.  If you like such than great, personally I like my phones with a little weight in case of damage.  The market though is a 2.3.4 gingerbread which is good but if you looking for certain apps (i.e. on tumblr and go sms) that you may have used on a 2.2 model it won't be found since these apps are not yet supported.  The data memory is awful.  Even using a 16gb card to transfer apps the internal memory fills up quicker than it would the Optimus.  Pros -- like any Droid device if you are familiar with it you won't have a problem.  The screen and browser speed runs crisp despite its 600 mhz versus the 1ghz on the Optimus.  In terms of height, weight and ounces compared to the iphone 4:  4.4 inches x 2.5 inches x 0.5 inches; 4.5 oz (zte); 4.5 inches, 2.31 inches x 0.37 inches; 4.9 oz (iphone).

I habe owned this phone for two months my biggest negative about this phone is the battery life it sucks you have to keep it charged or it the battery will die and need to be recharged rather you talk on it or use it alot its best to have a car charger and take home charger too if not the battery life isnt to long

I bought this phone for about 70 dollars from here, and for what I payed for it it's pretty awesome. I honestly don't know why everyone complains. What do you expect for 70 dollars? An iPhone? It does what it is supposed to do and cricket can even transfer your existing phone number onto it if you don't want a prepaid plan. The slowness that people experience is most likely because of the service in their area, it's not the phones fault. The only downside I can think of is that the material feels kind of cheap. I'd get some screen protectors and a case for about 10 bucks more.

Have had cricket 5 months, replaced this phone twice already!!! Cricket refuses to take responsibility for their faulty device. WOULD NOT recommend to anyone!!! Changing companies!!

This phone is awesome no problems at all I contacted the seller about when it will arrive and he was very nice and even followed up with an email when the phone arrived just making sure it did. It was in the case brand new and even came with ear buds, very satisfied :)

The kids love it. It's a great alternative to the ipod touch for a 5 year old. I bought this and she hasn't complained once about not playing with my ipod. She has the apps she likes right in the GooglePlay store.

For the price, the phone does a lot of really neat things that most androids do. The phone is being discontinued, so like I said the price is right. I was looking for a replacment for my zio. First thing I noticed was that my OLD phone had better graphics, I let it go. First off, it drops calls like it's a day job. I don't think I've actually held a conversation on this phone for more than 10 minutes, but I assume it would still be dookie. Facebook runs pretty well, text messaging goes about as well as it could, being cricket afterall. However, the phone does what androids advertise. You do get unlimited free music downloads, internet is pretty good, I'm not too big on apps and games but i assume it'd run pretty well. I read books off of it, my only complaint is the battery when it comes to reading. Also, the phone likes to take naps, as I like to joke. It wont be dead, but I've notice if I don't touch the phone for a while, occasionally it will just shut off. Also, when you buy the phone you already need to update google play & muve music, taking up more space. It comes with a bunch of demos of apps that you can't delete. I have about two apps that i downloaded out of my own will before it runs out of space. I'm paying for the muve music plan, but I had to uninstall it so I could use facebook! It's a cheap phone, it functions as an android just fine, but when I have the pocket change, I will be kicking this phone to the curb. I suggest this phone for the younger generation, if you have children dying for an android. Definitely not something for a busy adult who needs the phone to reliable. Also, I don't find the phone bill worth it, either. You pay an extra 10-15 bucks a month to have the unlimited downloads - but you can't transfer it to any other devices. Not to mention - listening to music off of your phone will kill it in 40 minutes. For another 20 dollars I could have an IPhone from at&t & actually have service more than 50% of the time. You win some, you lose some. Think it over before purchasing.

I loved this phone the first 4 months I had it. I downloaded aprox. 13 apps- Before I knew it I went from having half of my memory available to one day it telling me to delete apps because the memory was cucially low. Its fast on the Cricket network- even faster than the iphone 4 I purchased from cricket. Like I said, I loved the phone, until it started to give out. Then I noticed the battery wouldnt hold a charge longer than 3.5-4 hours... so I went on ebay and bought 3 new batteries with a travel plug in charger- needless to say the phone did it to all the batteries... I gave up and ordered a new phone and chucked this one.

Junk phone cricket is great no wonder they quit making this phone....................dont buy this phone its crap turns on and off wont charge

This version of Android is updated (Gingerbread) from my old phone (Cupcake), but can't use 1/2 the apps my old phone used, such as ShazamThe battery dies in just a few hours, and there's no way to make it drain slowerThere's no way of turning off certain notifications, even putting your phone on silent for everything, so if you don't want to get woken up in the middle of the night you have to shut your phone offI'm not a fan of touch screen eitherActually, I hate touch screenWell some people like it, but the keyboard is ridiculously small, even for someone like myself who has abnormally slender fingersAll in all, I think of it more as a "temporary" phoneOnce I get more money I will buy a better phone

I recently switched over to MetroPCS and in my opinion, they don't have many good-looking reasonably priced phones. Once I saw this new phone, I decided to buy it. It has lots of great features and I am a touch screen junkie. I don't know what happened, but for about three weeks, the phone froze intermittently. It's very frustrating seeing the phone ring, but you can't unlock it to take the call. And, the battery charge doesn't last very long. The freezing issue seems to have abated, so I'm dealing with it. But I do like the sleek look and the features. When it works, it's a great phone. Buy at your own risk.

I just picked one of these up from a big box store [the yellow one] for 40 bucks.  I don't think I've EVER spent 40 bucks more wisely.MUSIC - MOVIES - APPS - NEWS - WEATHER - CLOCK  -40 bucks....C'mon!I'm not using this "phone" as an actual phone, nor do I plan to.I'm going to give it to my daughter so she'll stop borrowing my Android phone to play games, watch movies and listen to music.After setting it up last night (which was pretty simple as I just linked it to MY Google/android account) I couldn't be happier.It has a few quirks, but I found most of the negative reviews on this phone to be way off the mark or just completely wrong.A few things I noticed immediately:Screen resolution was better than I had expected and the viewing angle is quite good and will only blur/darken if you're way off axis.The contrast ratio is very good (but not as good as the AMOLED screen on my Galaxy)The responsiveness of the touch screen was very good - quick and accurate.The screens scroll naturally without lag.The side buttons are a little tough to push for me, but will probably be fine for my daughterApp loading and running is quick for a 533 Mhz processor.I haven't had any issues with any of the apps yet.The Audio chip is not the greatest, but I doubt my daughter will be able to tell the difference between this and her Sansa E240.I downloaded the PowerAmp app and it seems to run just fine.  PowerAmp's great eq settings allowed me to increase the fidelity quite a bit.I am not using the built in Music service or player app.I had absolutely no troubles just dragging and dropping files into a folder I named "Music" on the ZTE.  PowerAmp saw it right away after a reboot.Netflix streaming works extremely well and Angry birds is smooth without choppy play.Auto screen rotation doesn't seem to work on all apps, or the main 'desktop' screen itself.  That may be an OS thing - I'm not sure?The camera is ok if you're outside in the daytime or inside with a lot of light - other than that, don't bother (but once again MORE than enough for a kid to love).For the 4GB micro SD card installed, it appears I only have 1GB of 'free' space to put stuff (mp3, apps, etc.) the other 3 gigs is dedicated for music you'd need to download through Cricket's phone plan.  Once again, I don't plan on doing that. I know there are issues with formatting a larger micro SD card and I may end up rooting this thing if I can't just stick a larger one in and have it format.  I've seen several blogs, Youtube video's and user groups that show how to do this.All in all, I think this is a fantastic PMP for a kid.  It runs android well and seems to be fairly well built. And did I mention 40 BUCKS!I'll try to upload a video of the ZTE Score (x500) in action - it should prove many of the naysayers wrong.

First- I had to rig the phone because it would shut off if moved too fast because the battery was not tight enough, so I had to trim a business card and use it to take up the extra room between the back cover and the battery.Second- The screen lock unlocks itself when it feels like it instead of when told to. This causes my face to hang up on people about twice a day.Third- The texting dictionary sets itself to suggest words from your address book instead of from the regular dictionary. The result- for every word you type, it suggests names only so that you have to type out every complete word making the feature useless. How many names do I really use in a texting convo? After hours of searching, I figured a way to switch it to a regular dictionary and after an hour, it switched itself back.

plz i am from Ghana -Africa. i am finding it difficult to use the phone cos it does not use a sim card.... ve a lil regrets though .... what do i do

I LOVED THIS PHONE UNTIL I COULD NOT SEND/RECEIVE TEXTS I CALLED  "CRICKET" ABOUT 10000 TIMES AND NONE OF THE REPRESENTATIVES COULD HELP WTF? WASTE OF MONEY

So the ZTE Score is alright. Great Sound, Good photo quality, and not to mention the unlimited music plan. I honestly think the phone should not be considered an Android Phone though because it messes up alot. It randomly shuts off by itself, It's runs out of battery after like 2 hours, and, occasionaly, the music will stop working. It's quite difficult to figure out how the phone operates as well. All in All, it is a pretty good phone ... Just if you have a really busy business life, I would not suggest this android phone. I'd suggest this phone to teenagers who just want it for the music, or facebook, or youtube. I hope this helps.

I give this company a big fat 0. She didn't give the right phone to me. Then tried to switch it with a phone that was an old phone. Doesn't put her customers first.

I bought this phone to replace my LG 900g from Net10. And while it has more features, it may not necessarily be the best upgrade from a lower end phone. So here are some pros and cons to help you decide.Pros:+ Muve Music- my favorite feature about this phone as $55 dollars not only gets you 1000 talk mins, and unlimited texts and 3g Web/Data, it gets you unlimited music downloaded. Granted, it has it's faults like songs don't download sometimes I just re-download and it's fine. It has Shazam (which is the only thing in Muve that works over wi-fi) its a awesome feature nonetheless+ 3G speed- now where I live (30 miles east of Washington DC) I get pretty good 3G service (sometimes down in the basement) so this is a great thing to have since Foursquare, Facebook, & Twitter all work and update pretty quick, I do get a couple of very brief dead zones (where I don't get signal) I still have good service overall. I haven't tried the partner service yet but will when I go on vacation to the beach in a few weeks.+ Full Google Play Store- Another thing I like is that this phone has the full (for the most part) Google Play store. So if you want to download your favorite sports, music, or social apps, its all there. I could find Shazam and Soundhound as standalone apps, but again just use Shazam inside of the Muve Music app.Now on to the cons:- Storage- One of my biggest gripes with this phone is the internal (and even the SD card that came with this phone) has very little storage space. After installing all of my favorite apps (Foursquare, Tweetdeck, JuiceDefender, ESPN, among others) I only had 15MB internally! That kind of disappoints me as I thought a smartphone would have more storage, and even the SD card which claimed to be 4GB only had 1GB available (I knew about Muve taking up 3GB), seems like the only solution is to root and remove bloatware (which I will do one I get a good USB cable) and then get a larger SD card.- Random shutoffs- This may be a bug but this phone randomly shuts off while in sleep mode. For example, if i'm at work and I use the phone and then put it in my pocket and then go to use it later, I press the power button and its off!! Now I just turn it back on and ignore it but if your turn it back on 4-5 times a day it gets annoying. So be prepared.- Camera- Ok, i'll be flat out honest on this one, the camera sucks. Even using a burst camera app doesn't help it. So if you want a phone with a good camera looks elsewhereNeutrals, could go either way:+/- Battery life- Out of the box the battery life is horrible, but a way to improve the battery life is to download JuiceDefender and put it in "aggressive" mode, it really extended my battery from 5-6 hours (if that) to 9-10 hours (no joke!) so i'm leaning to towards positive but we will seeFinal thoughts:The Score is my first Android smartphone and my first Cricket phone and while Cricket's service is not so great for some, it is for me. And it is the cheapest phone, which is obvious by some bugs. Good phone overall and 4 stars. Also, if you head over to Kmart this phone is only $39 until 6/17. So you only pay around $100! Great deal!EDIT 7/18: Since I wrote my review I have rooted the phone and removed the bloatware, and I am currently sitting at around 35 MB of internal memory, also I put in a 8GB SD card. These things have made storage issues nonexistent. As for the random shutoffs they are still there and still annoying, I have been looking at other phones just in case, but all is well now.EDIT 8/6: I have found out that by putting the phone in airplane mode, the phone would not shut off in airplane mode (which also saves battery TREMENDOUSLY!), just make sure you have a WiFi and airplane toggle widget.EDIT 8/18: I have now flashed a custom ROM (exile kitchen) and partitioned the SD card and now have 111 MB of free space internally, along with Adobe Flash (paired with an older version of Dolphin Browser), the phone is now a sure fire winner for anyone wanting a cheap Android phone that (with a few modifications) could be great. Also to those who are whining about how "bad" this phone is may need to second guess themselves!

I've had better phones from Cricket, but I have a problem with dropping them so I thought I would downgrade this time. I was expecting to have Muve Music, but found out that Cricket doesn't support this feature anymore. The phone itself is pretty nice and durable, which is great for me. It doesn't support a lot of the apps I used to use and wont hold many pictures or videos. The the setup is kind of cheap looking, but will be great for your first smartphone.

This phone is great! It came in perfect condition!! I didn't expect it to though because it was used, but I guess Amazon surely fooled me. Thanks a lot Amazon! You really gave me a very very good deal.

I got an open envelope in the mail with nothing in it! would not buy if I were you!!!! save your money.... if I could give this 0 stars I would give it negative 5 stars! highly upset

This phone really sucks. From an agent that works at cricket this phone is out of date and muve music isnt part of this phone anymore. so if your looking for a phone do not buy this one buyer be warn.

I already owned the Cricket ZTE for Myself. So I purchased this one for my Girlfriend who has expressed her interest in a smart phone. This phone has caused us have a long discussion on PUTTING THE PHONE DOWN, she loves it.

If you want a phone with terrible battery life, crap reception, apps that are constantly crashing and that device that suffers from Alzheimer look no further. This phone is without doubt the worst phone I have ever encountered. Although the price and pictures make the feeling its anything but.No need to keep reading, just dont buy the dang thing. If you are looking for an economical Android phone look for the Samsung Admire as the much better alternative.

I read the reviews before I bought this phone and thought I was prepared.  It seemed a decent enough phone at first.  I put in a memory card since I read that it had very little internal storage. That was true.  I installed an app to help with battery life, but I was still having to charge it every night and once during the day as well. I checked the coverage map before I bought the phone and it showed excellent service for my whole area, but it turns out there are huge areas that have no service. Luckily for me that includes most of my relatives houses and my kids school.But then the customer service... oh my God.  It took many, many phone calls to get my phone ported.  Then at the end of the first month I got a notification that the automatic payment I'd enrolled in wasn't working. I tried to fix it online but got a message to call cricket immediately. You call up, you listen to menus, none of the choices cover what you called for.  When I finally got a guy in the billing department he said he couldn't help me and I should call customer service. They can't transfer you.  The customer service number, when I got through, told me I should call billing. When I asked for a supervisor I was put on indefinite hold, so I called back again and again until they realized they'd better actually let me speak to someone. The supervisor told me that when you port your number the computer automatically cancels your enrollment in automatic payment. It's a known problem, but they don't notify the customer for some reason. OK, so they set me up again, supposedly.  Next day my phone still isn't working. A half hour of menus and sitting on hold and they tell me that it won't work for another thirty days, but I can call another department to make an emergency payment, for which there will be a $5 "convenience" fee.  Why didn't the supervisor tell me when she set me up that it would be thirty days and I would also have to make an emergency payment?  Why do I have to pay extra for what they did wrong? "I don't know ma'am, but I can give you a number to call..."

this phone needs to be rooted in order to get any of the features you want on it.  The sd card only holds 1gb for your personal apps. and work. The sd card has total of 4gb of space and you can only use 1gb. The rest is for muve music which is a load of sh... However if you root the phone and install a new 16gb. card, it works good.
