
I am not a savvy tech person, ao I liked my flip phone a lot better--- good camera on this phone, tho.  The touch is unresponsive.....the texting nearly impossible unless you have 'baby' fingers with an aim like annie oakley's.  It takes me twice as long to make a call, twice as long to text, and twice as long to retrieve a number.  But I like the camera.

This WAS a great little phone for about 4 or 5 months.  The sound was great, and for someone that doesn't play games, it was very fast.  The battery went on forever.Now, all of a suddent, the micro sd lost all of its data and the battery drains FAST.  I had reservations about buying a brand I had never heard of, and should have stuck with my instincts.

I bought AT&T; Avail a month ago from Amazon to replace my broken LG Thrive. I used LG Thrive for about 40 days and its screen stopped working after dropping it to the ground by accident. Both Avail and LG Thrive are in the same price range (~$120). Based on my experience with both phones, here is the comparison of those two phones:AT&T; AvailPros:* Larger screen (3.5in compared with 3.2in LG Thrive)* Better looking (maybe it's my personal preference, I think the black Avail looks good)* Newer Android 2.3 system (Thrive uses 2.2)* Better camera - 5m vs 3m Thrive* More stable wifi connection (Wifi connection of Thrive is not so reliable in my home. Probably it's the compatiblity issue with my router)* Slightly larger internal storage. Actually both phones have really small internal storage and I'm out of space after installing ~20 apps. Although you can move some apps to SD card, some apps cannot be moved.Cons:* Seems Avail does not have many OS customizations. For example, LG Thrive has a nice home screen widget to turn on/off 3G network, while on Avail I have to go to settings every time when I switches network.In summary, AT&T; Avail from ZTE is an excellent prepaid smartphone for its price.

I am new to this Android thing, so it is a little confusing to me. The phone is really nice though. Still trying to get the hang of everything. Battery seems to not last very long though.

Given the features I should have rated it higher, but the huge overstatement in standby time, which was my main concern, blew it.First week, I played around with bluetooth and Wifi and liked the phone and its features at the expense of re-charging every night.  Then, back to my normal usage, to preserve battery I turned off bluetooth and Wifi, the battery lasted 1.5 days standby.  Actually, not total standby as I set the alarm for it, once.  By the way, because the menu button would wake the phone up (a bad design since it is easily touched in the pocket) I carefully kept the phone in such a way it would stay standby.Thinking of getting a bad unit, I complained and Amazon sent me a different one.  No difference!  Considering my previous phone which started out standby for 5 days, after 3 years it dropped to 1 day which was the reason for a new phone.  What will happen to this battery in 3 years?Without all the features that it provides I would have given it one star!

This is my 4th Andorid phone, but first with no contract.  I am impressed with the Avail.  It works great, the call quality is first rate.  Battery life is typical Android, so you will likely need to throw it on the charger before the end of the day.  The only area of concern that others have raised is the bluetooth functionality. Fortunately, I do not use bluetouth very often so I can live with it.  Great buy and no contract, what more can you ask for?

I have waited for an android that I could afford. I would have preferred an unlocked phone, but this was the first phone that had the features I wanted in my price range. The camera is not the greatest. The phone is a bit slow, but other than that, it does everything I expected. Just being able to pop my sim card in and keep my old number and plan was great. It works well with wifi at the house, but if you want to use internet while you're out, you have to buy some data. I don't know how much that's going to end up costing. I bought $5 worth of data for when I go out. I hope that lasts a while. The android apps work well on this phone.Now I don't look like I'm stuck in the last century when I go out around friends, so this phone is great for me! Also it has better service than my last phone. It actually WORKS inside my house. First phone I've had that did that.

It's a basic OTC smartphone. Screen is small, but it was needed as a replacement. I would rate ithigher but the battery and charging sucks

great smart phone great priceat 90.00 dollars on sale cant beat it does everthing my i phone 3 does but i dont have to deal with only apple products fantastic phone no problems i am very happy

Honestly I purchased this phone for my girlfriend and she loves it. It has been almost 2 months now and still have yet to have any problems with it!! For the price of the phone and the price for unlimited texts and 250 minutes it is way cheaper than walmarts st**** talk. She even gets signal where my phone I does not. Unfortunatly the data packages are a little pricy but if you have WI-FI you can use your WI-FI to send data for free. Im switching in a month or so to this phone from walmarts St**** talk. It cheaper even with there 1000 texts and minutes package. Its even cheaper than AT&Ts contract plans. Wouldnt you think that AT&T would make it cheaper with a contract because your stuck for 2 years and if you cancel you have to pay a termination fee. Do the math $25 for unlimited texts, 250 mins, AT&T service. $32 for St**** talk through walmart and you get 1000 mins, 1000 texts, and something like 30mb data. Also you get crap for customer service!!! You get exactly what you pay for with walmart St**** talk. Cheapest Contract package AT$T has is $40 a month and includes only 400mins.  You cant go wrong with this prepaid phone!! Trust me!

Bought this one to replace my LG Thrive. The Internet loads and moves slowly and the phone feels like a cheap plastic toy phone from the dollar store. I retuned it and got another Thrive.VENDER WAS EXTREMELY EXCELLENT!

Unbelievable value at a contract-less great price! This phone comes with Gingerbread out of the packaging and delivers a great android smartphone to your surprise. I bought this phone for my preteen daughter after she saved money for an upgrade, I put in half of her costs as a gift. You get the quality of an Android/iPhone without breaking your bank. The screen is amazing for the phone cost, accessories are cheap on amazon and ebay. I would say the only thing that anyone could remotely complain about is the lack of internal memory (although you can expand the phones capabilities up to 32 gigs,) you need internal memory to run much of it and store cache files natively and the screen keyboard which is on the small side. Still we managed to download and/or transfer around 15 apps to the sd card. Th battery life is also short but not unlike all of the other Android phones out there (we've had 6 so far).  The screen is great, the touch feature is extremely responsive, the apps that are available are in demand, and the phone does it's primary function of calling/texts extraordinarily well. No matter what I won't take away a star from a product that more than met expectations in a prepaid market saturated with overpriced, cheaply made and feature lacking phones. This one looked nice, felt nice and more importantly, functioned well.The only con, and this has nothing to do with the phone itself, is AT&T.;  I bought it at the exact time they were restructuring their phone plans.  The former phone was an LG Prime. Data use was extremely limited on the antiquated edge network so we upgraded to this phone and our pricing got "upgraded" as well.  I had her on the 2/day plan which usually worked to about $100 for 6 months.  The 100 dollars in her account was usable for a year.  The original idea was to keep her on that plan and just buy a small data package to use whatsapp in order to text her to make sure she got off the bus ok, got home alright, and that she studied/finished homework. That didn't work out as they stopped selling the data packages to anyone on the .10/min and $2/per day plans. They pretty much force you to go to a prepaid $25/$50 (250min/unlimited texting) with the option to buy data if you wanted.  Otherwise it is .01 per 5/kb.  That can add up to quite a bit. So we're on the $25, it's a little more money now but otherwise the phone has been a gem.  This is far better than sticking yourself with an iphone that costs an arm and leg in the end.

I bought an inexpensive AT&T; "Go-Phone" for the purpose of making sure my wife had a backup "emergency" phone in her vehicle incase her phone didn't work or was lost, she would be able to have one till a replacement was purchased.  She was good about keeping it charged, kept it in the glove box and I checked it whenever I was drove it.  It was a pretty solid phone for being only about $50 and it held a charge for 3+ weeks (OFF).  To make a long story short as possible, we thought there was money on the account left on the account (because other than a couple test calls when we bought it, it had not been used), as no emergency had arisen. We bought the $2 a day (if used) account.  Well, an emergency came up, she needed it and the SIM card was deactivated.  Not only was the SIM card deactivated but the number given to someone else.  She could have added minutes and used it otherwise.  To be honest, there were 2 texts on the phone but both of us dismissed them as another irritating Facebook promotion.An email or a call (even automated) to the PRIMARY number on the account would have been appreciated before complete disconnection and I would have gladly put on more money.  However, having to add money to a prepaid account just to keep it on makes it really no longer truly "Prepaid".  Also, what is the purpose of giving AT&T; a primary number if they aren't even going to use it to find out the status of an account/customer before "cutting the cord".  Just seems like bad business to me.  I will get another prepaid phone for my wife but I will do more research on the terms first and not assume prepaid means prepaid.I give Go-Phone 2  stars because of the phone quality seems pretty tough for the price and customer service, once you get past the seemingly endless "automated always happy lady", was helpful enough to tell me I needed to buy a new SIM card or phone.I wouldn't have even written this if my wife (with our 4 kids) didn't have to flag down a total stranger to help her instead of calling for help herself, hence "Emergency Phone".  I guess all involved should be thankful my family is ok and an unfavorable review is all that will come of it.

Horrible. I hated this phone. I did not know it was supposedly a prepaid phone. This phone was slow and did not have a lot of memory space, even with a memory card. I have never even heard of this brand !

Well bought this prepaid phone for my dad but every time he use it and charge it lots of times don't know why he charge it every single day but as time pass by the battery for the prepaid phone over charge got fry that it got burn and the chip got fry so well yeah doesn't work no more it is worth it but probably my dad is still new to the technology.

I purchased this phone on 03-13-2012, to serve as a temporary replacement until the new iphone released. At first I was pleased with my purchase because there are not a lot of (smart) phones that you can purchase at around $100 dollars that offer "decent" quality. The phone did pretty much what I needed, but after you've had an iphone and you downgrade to this (my phone was stolen), you'll definitely need some time to adjust. The only issues that I experienced during the first 4 months were..1) I had an extremely difficult time texting on this device; the keyboard would repeatedly type the wrong letter. (An issue I never had with the iphone)2) I stopped trying to "serve the web" on this device, the load times were ridiculous. (also my emails took a REALLY LONG time to load)However I understood that this phone (Android Avail) was a lot cheaper than an Iphone, so I continued to over look these minor issues...UNTIL I received a message on 07-25-2012. The phone alerts me that my memory is at full capacity and that I needed to delete my text messages in order to receive any future texts. So I decided to delete the texts that I receive from ESPN, which had approximately 600 texts. I selected the message and hit "DELETE THREAD" to erase all messages at once. The phone freezes up for about 10-15 seconds and restarts. And to my surprise the phone continues to "cycle through" the startup screen for the remainder of the day. Today is the fourth day and when I reinserted the battery; the phone continued restarting.  I am in the process of filing a refund with Amazon, the agent advised that I was passed "my window to get a full refund" but that they would email me a shipping label. It sounds like I won't receive a full refund.

I bought this before they'd released the Fusion 2 (I would have bought that instead). At the time of purchasing this, the price and features were right. This was my first Android smart phone and I liked it pretty well. I keep data/wifi/bluetooth off by default, so my battery lasts quite some time. Being able to connect to wifi is SO nice and that's pretty much what I use for "interneting" on my phone. The screen, while not huge, is "just right" and responds to my touch quickly. The voice quality is good and I don't know how I'd live without the speaker function (which also works quite well too). The camera works well enough, though I noticed the 5 MP isn't as important as good lighting. (My husband has the Pantech Crossover and he can take better pictures than I can.)My only gripe is the internal memory. There just isn't enough of it. For this reason alone I would have gone with the Fusion 2. There's no way to permanently uninstall programs that came with the phone so I can free up space. (I tried rooting several times but I haven't had any success. Any tips would be appreciated.) To offset the really tiny internal memory I got a 16gb card, only to discover that many apps won't allow you to install them on external memory cards. (ARG!)Ah well. I choose my apps carefully now....Over all, good phone. But if you're starting out, the cheaper Fusion 2 seems a better deal.

I bought this phone so I could have a smart phone without the commitment to contract.  Also, instead of using the plan through AT&T, I bought a straighttalk SIM card at Walmart so I could get all the features for $45 a month unlimited.  Saves us a lot of money.  This phone works great and my kids love being able to download apps.

I purchased this phone from Walmart a little over a year ago when it "first came out" The Walmart associates knew nothing about it, I was in need of one bad, because my Samsung phone screen went black. Anyway, I was going to try to use the little $15 phone until I could get what I wanted..that was short-lived. Went right back and purchased the Avail for about $125.I was very pleased with the phone, and it was simple enough for me to operate. I'm not very tech savvy, but I can do what I need to do. I liked the touch screen although it took some getting used to, I like the picture and video quality, and I liked that I could add apps. ( which I think is what ended up happening to it) I could use the phone in the house (ATT service sucks where I live)instead of going to my front door to make or take calls. I was completely happy!the only thing I didn't like about this phone was the camera. The button is on the screen so when you are taking pictures of yourself, which I do a lot because I'm so vain :)..it's hard to get them just right.I never had a problem with internet, I usually get online when WIFI is available, at home for instance when I don't feel like getting on my laptop. It was pretty fast. The only time I purchased a data plan was when I was going out of town so I could use my GPS or check my accounts etc while on the road. No problems.A couple of weeks ago, it started giving me error messages so I deleted some stuff. Then all of a sudden, the pics I had just taken where blank, etc. Finally it cut off and it will not come on past the welcome screen, it just sits there powering on and off until you take the battery off.So if you plan on only having a phone for a year..which it seems that's how long they last anyway, then this is a good phone. Unless, you are a chronic picture taker this phone should work.UPDATE: 04/26/13 took this phone to see if it could be repaired. The tech told me that this is just what this particular phone does and I should return it because of the warranty..only I didn't purchase the warranty, because it was a Gophone..it was cheap and they usually are good for at least 2yrs. So really this phone is not as good as I thought initially. I hate that I lost all of my contacts, but I'm going to just buy a new phone.

I decided to purchase this phone because i could no longer afford the expensive monthly bill. The phone arrived extremely fast although i did do the one day shipping it was here that morning as promised. It took some getting use to because i was a galaxy s user and i loved that phone but im not disappointed at all with this one. The only issue that i am having is figuring out how download things to my sd card even though one comes with the phone its only 1gb so i had to purchase i higher gb. I can't download alot of things because i keep getting a low on storage notification.. Other than that i say go for this phone and the seller ships as promise.Ok that was my previous review. ive had this phone for almost four months now and its has quit working. It just keeps powering on to the start up where it says rethink the impossible or whatever it says and goes no further. it shuts down and start right back up. I was disappoined with the storage level even with a sd card now im just upset that ive spent $124.00 and its now worthless and im left phoneless!!!

What a complete waste of $$$$It takes forever to &#34;load&#34; - it doesn't send texts worth a you know what!!

I'm a previous Verizon prepaid customer who wanted a smartphone, but not for $70/month.  I truly disliked AT&T, but when they offered a $25 prepaid smartphone plan, I decided to give it try.  I tried both the AT&T Avail and the Fusion.  I stuck with the Avail, because it has a little more RAM and an auto focus camera.  Auto focus is a must for qr codes and mobile check deposits.  The camera takes mediocre pictures if you play around with the settings.  Signal reception is ok, where there's coverage.  Battery life is fine if I'm not using it constantly.  I only have a few apps, but I haven't seen any problems with those.  I mainly use wifi for data an add a data package as needed.  It's a budget phone, but it does what I want and I'm pleased with it overall.

phone isin great shape easy to use and handy for me!!  the only thing it said was unloccked and it was not. had to pay 10.00 to get it unlocked. other than  that i guess i am pretty pleased.

Let's be clear here. This phone is CHEAP for a smartphone. So if you're going to compare it with an iPhone or similar you'll be very disappointed. But considering what it cost I'm impressed.I bought it at a big box store so I didn't have any weird problems like being sent a phone that had been stolen (yikes). A helpful salesperson even set it up for me before I left the store, so I knew everything was in order.Do I like it as much as the Motorola Droid I gave up when I closed my Verizon acct? Uh, no. But for what I paid, I'm quite satisfied. And the AT&T; GoPhone pre-paid arrangement is great. If you use your phone to watch movies on Netflix it wouldn't work for you, but for the average user the data package is WAY more than enough, especially if you set up your phone to use your wifi when you're at home. And bottom line, I like the idea of not being tied down to a 2-yr contract.

I was already an AT&T customer so I do not use the prepaid card feature.  I had an old flip phone and wanted a touch screen smart phone.  This phone works great for my purposes but is not for everybody.  Basically I only make a few calls and do a few text messages and it is great for that.  I also like to be able to have access to my email and facebook, which this phone does well, and have my kindle books and a couple of games available in case I have a long wait somewhere.  The camera takes great pictures and they are easily uploaded to facebook.  The one downside is the lack of storage.  I had to uninstall Words With Friends because it took up too much storage space.  Overall this is a great phone for someone who wants a touch screen smart phone that they only use for limited purposes.

I just bought this phone for 75 dollars on at & t online. It seems like it could be a pretty good little phone.

I've had to return two of these phones now to amazon because after about a month of use they both froze on start up just looping the screen over and over. Removing the battery for a while did not help. I believe it is a manufacturing error. As soon as I get a refund I am putting my money towards an LG Thrive instead.

I bought this phone for my daughter.  She has a hard time with phones, and this was no exception.  After about a month, it wouldn't charge, incoming calls also did not register.  She also had to put the phone on speaker phone in order to talk on it.  We sent it back to the company 4 weeks ago for them to repair or replace and haven't heard from them since.

I rarely text, never play games, call very few people. I'm not much of a phone talker. So I was really disappointed the touch screen stopped working after only two years. I'd never once even dropped it. Okay phone for the money.

The phone charges, it will turn on, however, once the screen times out it will not turn back on until I plug it in, anyone know how to fix this? I can't even make a call on once this occurs, major issue, I can't always plug the phone in, I think I got a bad phone, might be returning it.

I have a contract with AT&T; but was not able to upgrade so I got this and stuck my sim card in it. Worked fine for a few weeks. One thing I should mention, the specs say 5 megapixel camera. It is, a horrible, horrible, horrible camera. As in, completely worthless. The phone after those few weeks got really slow and nothing I did to it would help. The internal memory is laughable at best and it always says that the memory is full, even if I only have 2 text conversations on the phone and everything else saved on the micro SD card. The battery lasts not very long at all, but is u s e a b l e if I used juice defender and shut off stupid bloatware apps that turn themselves back on all the time and cant be deleted without a total pain resetting the entire phone. It's heavy but not really heavy, which is ok, and doesn't cosmetically feel super cheap, just sortof cheap(Ive felt better buttons on Chinese toys). Again, this phone is immensely slow at doing just about a n y t h i n g, and now after having had it for maybe 4 months sometimes it get's these moods where e v e r y t h i n g crashes immediately when I open it. Text message menu, browser, emails, picture gallery, anything. Once it would turn itself on and off over, and over, and over, but after a while it hasn't done it since. I called AT and T to get it unlocked to go overseas and use it with another carrier until I got back. They said sure at first, until they saw that it was a ZTE Z990, and apparently they have an agreement that isn't really listed anywhere with them that states they have rights to the phone still and it can only be used with AT and T. A phone. I. Paid. For. And is mine, not ZTE's or AT and T's. So they refused to unlock it.This phone is not heavy enough to be used as a weapon in case you are being mugged, and is crappy enough for a mugger to be angry at you and kill you for giving him/her such a terrible phone to steal from you.Cans and string are more reliable than this, maybe even a potato. Get a n y t h i n g else.

The phone itself is decent, as well as the reception.  What makes it useless is the service.  I signed up for automatic payments (payments charged to my card monthly automatically)  Currently I'm dealing with a text message that says, "Your rate plan did not renew due to low account balance," - which is absurd since I have PLENTY of funding.  This means that my phone does not work until I figure out what At&T's glitch is all about.  Yes, I need to see what happened - since customer service is non-existant.  By the way, this is the second time in five months this has happened. The first time, for some reason, after saying "low account balance," I amazingly had phone service days later. Unacceptable since my job depends on having a cell phone.  Ironically, I paid the price for trying to save money with a prepaid system.  Never doing this again.

After having no luck with a LG Prime Touchscreen phone I chose this phone after reading some reviews.  For a phone used on a prepaid plan it is a pretty good deal.  The screen is nice and the camera works well. For an android phone it is pretty easy to use, and its easy to find and figure things like the settings and running applications.  One down side would be that it does have a really small amount of memory, while it does come with a SD card it can't handle too many extra apps that need to be saved to the phone's memory itself.  It also comes with some apps that you can't get rid of like twitter, UNO and NFS Shift.  One little annoyance is that when turning on this phone it makes a loud noise that you  can't get rid no matter what volume you leave it set to or what settings you try to change.Otherwise this phone is pretty cool. For the price you do get the functionality of an android phone, and with wifi you don't worry about paying for data plans.

I just got this phone. In general I like it. Fast and smooth. I had the LG Prime before which I liked but the screen was a little smaller, even though the overall phone is almost exactly the same size (fits nicely in my pocket). Photo and video quality is so-so but that is to be expected at this price. No flash, for example. My problem is that the internal memory seemed to fill up the first day I got it. I was able to download a program to move some apps to the SD card but some of the big ones (like Facebook) refused to move. There does not seem to be a program that can root this phone (yet). But I soon discovered what was filling up the memory: the "updates" to all of the programs. Facebook's update came in at around 7 mb alone, bigger than the original program! You see, I made the mistake of hitting te automatic update in Google Play which updated about 12 different apps. Don't do it. Just update the programs you use all the time and even then check to see how big the update is. If it is huge and the program has been working fine, don't update. I uninstalled a bunch of updates and now I have lots of room.

So I've had the Iphone original and Iphone 3g, and I wanted something new and fast but not expensive because I just got out of college and don't have a job. I find this phone surprisingly fast and agile compared to the older generation iphones. Seeing that is carries a 600mhz snapdragon processor I believed it to be a bit faster than the iphone 3g but running heavy apps on this phone is a night and day difference, maybe because it also carries 512mb of ram.all in all, if your on budget and need a fast reliable smartphone, this is a good choice. screen size is the same as an iphone and i got to say although it doesn't have a flash, the camera is great. loving this phone for now, until my parents get me an upgrade. great phone, my dad has the iphone 4, I think its comparably fast throughout the UI and menu switching as well as the heavy app loading. the iphone 4 does have the edge but hey for a prepaid android, this phone kicks butt.

Simply DON'T!! I got the plan with 1 giga internet for my last month in the States and was wasted money, simply doesn't work on my unlocked Galaxy SII!! I tried customer service but was all automatic and just asking if I wanted to put more money on the cell phone. Went to the store and they just said they couldn't (more like feeling not to help) 'cause my phone is a 4G and that gophone just works on 3G but "kindly" offered me (not for free) one of their phones...also, they refused to call customer care 'cause they knew already the answer...worst customer service ever seen and wasted money!!

This phone worked well for about 4 months and just died. I was loading a app when it froze and would no longer power on past the att welcome screen. What a waste.

I have been waiting for an android on my att prepaid plan for a long time. This phone is great. I love how everything is now at my fingertips. I do want to caution budget conscious people..If your not careful you can eat up alot of data kb. I turn my data enable button off when not in use. I learned the hard way about this issue.

This was my first smart phone purchase.  I use AT&T; pre-paid as I do not use my phone extensively, and this has been a wonderful purchase.  I get great service and functionality without the high price.  The phone has held up nicely for the nearly 2 years I have had it.  The photos come out great, and there is enough storage for plenty of them (almost 1000 on mine at this point with the original SD card).The interface is easy to use and very intuitive.  I have great data service with both the 3G connection and on wireless networks of all flavors.My only complaints would be on internal storage on the phone.  There are pre-loaded apps/software that I will never use that I am not able to remove which are taking up space and preventing me from loading new apps at this point.  I know the inability to remove pre-loaded software is something many folks complain about on all types of phones, so this is not phone specific; however, the limited amount of internal storage prevents me from having more than a couple of additional apps loaded at any time.All-in-all, I'm still using the phone almost 2 years later and am still quite happy with it.  Maybe I'll upgrade at some point, but as long as this one keeps on keeping on - I'll stick with what I have.

I thought I would give the Go Phone a try after my brother had one for a couple of years. Glad I did; after 3 months, I have no complaints at all. I'm pretty much a texter and don't do much talking on the phone (I can't stand it), so this worked out perfectly. My last month on Verizon, I dropped down to the 1,000 texts / 450 minutes per month plan. Well, I didn't monitor the texts and at the end of the month - BAM! $175 extra for trying to save a few dollars (that plan was $50 / month). I get unlimited texts and 250 minutes of talk for $25 / month (check around the Internet and find the refills cheaper; newphonestore.com has $50 refills for $47.50 and that includes Internet ($25 plan does not) of which I don't have because I spend enough time on the Internet at home; I don't need to surf the net on my phone). No more scary phone bill at the end of the month for me. As for the phone, same thing - no complaints. Just like a smartphone that you would have with a contract plan. Although I don't get the Internet on it, it has full capabilities of doing so. The photo quality from the camera is amazing. I used to carry a separate camera for taking photos at work but no longer do so; I just use the phone (there is NO flash for the camera, so it's daytime photos only). Again, no complaints on the phone or the service. If you want to save a few bucks a month, go with the Go Phone; you won't be disappointed.PS - As for coverage, so far, I've had no issues. Here in Southern California, I've never encountered a dead spot. Even driving through the barren wasteland of the desert on my way to Mammoth Lakes, I never was without service.

I have just repacked my THIRD Avail for return.  The first one would not read the sim card, altho it was inserted correctly. Tried everything to fix it, nothing worked. Sent it back. The second one's virtual keyboard was totally useless, would erase everything, or bring up the wrong letters, time and again.  Spent hours trying to get it to work, incuding re-setting it. Sent it back.  The third one kept telling me there was no sim card installed again, and there was.  Didn't even waste time try to fix it.  Got forms to return it, and won't get it again. (Makes me wonder if they just sent back the one I had returned!) With the second phone I even activated it, signed up for Google, etc. and now will lose the money I paid for the first month's service (so nice of ATT to have a non-refundable payment clause).  Too bad you can't count on their products to work first time out of the gate.  Going to try the LG Optimus Elite next.  Keeping my finger crossed.

I bought this phone as it was recommended to replace my ATT Fusion2.. It does meet the hype given to it. Right off it place three of the same person's PS #'s in the data base for instant messaging and I cannot get them out. It is not user friendly ..

att is stopping the pay as you go data option for smart phones effective 4/18/2012. gophone users will have to buy the monthly plan ($25 per month minimum) AND buy the data  if they wish to use the gophone att data service. This pretty much renders the smart phone useless for my use.

i payed over $76 dollars for this phone to later find out by at&t that it was reported stolen so couldn't use it and had to send it back. I advice anyone wanting this cell to not get it.. its stolen property..

Works just as it should !Good phone with good price! Bought this for my daughter to use so we can get in touce with her.She uses it with at&t; provider so we can prepay her phone so we can control her spending costs.Only complaint is that the phones battery seems like it goes dead fast ? and when charging it gets hotter than usual?Not sure if its my teenage daughter using it too much or something else.But good phoen for the buck! she can use the free wireless wherever in town its available ? taco bell mcdonalds starbucks places like that!

I got this phone about a week ago and so far I am pleased with it, but there is one significant issue that wasn't in any of the other reviews. I'm not a big cell phone user so I've had a basic pay as you go phone that I've had forever.  I recently bought a new Honda Civic that has in-dash blue tooth capability so I thought I would get a new phone to use with it. Small problem... the car keeps acknowledging that "the phone has been connected".... over, and over, and over... about every 6o seconds - SUPER annoying. I finally had to disable the blue tooth because I couldn't get it to stop - bummer because it sort of defeats the purpose. I know that it isn't the car because I've tested it with several other people's phones & it doesn't do this. I'm going to take it and the car to my local AT&T store to see if they can figure it out, if not, then on to the dealership. Either way it's really a pain. I'm not sure if it's a Honda/AT&T thing, but I just wanted to give everyone a heads up that this may be a potential problem if you get this phone.

I love this phone. It's great. I haven't really utilized it, so the battery doesn't drain as much as it has with other customers. I was afraid it'd be small, but it's about the same size as my iPod Touch (which is practically an iPhone) so the size and weight is great. The phone has a built-in wi-fi device so if you're in an area with wi-fi access, instant internet access without using AT&T;'s service or data plan. It comes with a SIM card. My qualm is with the charger; the cord is pretty short. The touch screen buttons are a little small, which will take some getting used to (my fingers aren't small). I think this phone is a great starting phone for switching over to Android.ETA: Just realized the charger that comes with the phone doubles as a USB cord to transfer data between the PC/computer and the Android phone.I'd give this phone 4.9 stars out of 5.

DONT BUY THIS PIECE A JUNK! Too many things that did not work, and didn't match the mfg's description, even right out of the new box. I sent it back, and now a nightmare, trying to get a refund. Don't do it!

The phone has a very eradict screen and doesn't always respond. You havew to swipe two times or three to get connected.

This phone is great, I am able to add apps and make it even better. I like it because it's a little bigger, but there is a problem with the phone. Sometimes thescreen just blinks then once I take it back to the home screen it stops.

I just got my phone a couple of hours ago and so far I love it!!!! I'll update in 30 days for progress.... I need a case, Amazon has them I just don't wanna wait 3 days. Anybody knows where I can buy the case for the Avail?Day 11 review: The phone is still worth the money and you can't beat it since it's a "prepaid" phone, my phone looks just as good as people who have contracts. Anywho I'm getting off track lol the phone heats up a little if your talking on the phone alot. And the battery life is horrible it has to be charged DAILY sometimes 2x DAILY :(, And if for some reason I have to turn the phone off sometimes it says "NO SIM CARD" OR "NOT CONNECTED TO A NETWORK" then I have to shut it down sometimes several times for it to recognize my sim card. All in all it's a good phone again for a "no- contract" phone....Day 33 my phone is officially stuck on the rethink possiblities screen and I'm 3 days over my warranty :( Now I'm thinking I should have went with another prepaid android or went to best buy where they replace your phone free with a warranty for $19.99. AT&T; charges you a $34 restocking fee just to get the phone from the back. No longer loving this android :(

well I bought this phone to use and it has the worst screen I have ever seen also has poor reception and Bad battery live

Neat little phone. Having fun with it so far. Brought it for my daughter and she loves it. Has the benefits of contract phones without the hassel. This was an upgrade for her. Very intuitive and easy to set up. Have no big complaints other than short battery life which is common with this type of phone. Will get her a car charger. The camera is not the greatest. You need good light so outdoor pics are better than indoor but it is a phone after all. Phone arrived well before I expected it, that was a bonus thanks Amazon.

i and my neice both have this phone and we've both had to have it replaced by ATT. Me three times and her twice. It just goes dead one day and never comes back on. I think it has to do with the charger that comes with it. It gets stuck in the phone and you have to pull hard t get it out so it probably breaks eventually. I got another charger from the one I have now and it has lasted the longest. It's a good little phone but I'm constantly worried it's going to stop recieving the charge and putter out on me like the last two did.

UPDATED 12/22/2012...Unfortunately, my old AT&T; Avail was not water proof and I accidentally washed it with a load of laundry.  I wanted a same-day replacement, so I bought the AT&T; Fusion at a local store, since no store carried the Avail.  Big mistake!!!  At first, I thought I was just use to the Avail and I would start liking the Fusion eventually.. that was 6 months ago and my opinion hasn't changed.  The Fusion blows.. I miss half my calls and my internal memory only allows space for very few APS.  So, I recently ordered myself another Avail.  I haven't tried the Fusion 2 to see if it's any better, but I know the Avail is a winner for the GoPhone, so I'm going back to it.I also recently upgraded my plan to the $65 monthly plan, which is unlimited talk, text and 1GB of data a month.______________________________________________________________________I got my AT&T; Avail a few days ago and - being my 1st "smartphone" - I'm very impressed!  It's a great phone for your basic talking and texting needs and the 5 MP camera takes great pictures.  Although NO FLASH for the camera requires a steady hand and a still subject when taking pictures in poor lighting conditions.I'm totally new to "APS".  The phone comes preloaded with a ton of them - most of which I haven't found any real use for, but I found tons of FREE APS on the Android Market that I'm really enjoying, like Angry Birds, Zedge and Google Sky Map.Activating the phone was easy.  I DID have to pay extra for a data plan.Overall, being a first timer, I have no idea how it compares to other Android phones or IPhones, but the phone is great for someone like me.

My wife wanted to try a smartphone, but wasn't sure if she would like it so she didn't want me to upgrade her account and extend her contract to test it.  Being an iPhone guy from day one, I set out to find a used iPhone and realized that they hold their value pretty well.  Out of my try-it-to-see-if-you-like-it budget.Then I found this Android phone and decided for the money it wouldn't be a complete bust if she hated it.  Ordered it and it was on its way.As I mentioned, I'm an iPhone guy.  I've had friends try to convince me Android was a good platform, but I've always pooh-poohed that.  I tried out some of the early Android phones (way back in the Cupcake days) and was NOT impressed.  I remained confident that my iPhone was the ONLY way to go.After putting the battery in and powering up the Avail, I was able to quickly connect to my WiFi network to complete setup (I hadn't put my wife's SIM in yet).  After setting her Google account up and answering a few questions about my location & time zone, I was into the phone.And you know what?  I was fairly impressed with what Android has evolved into.  Navigation worked well, the screen animations were reasonably smooth.  I was able to figure out how to add & remove icons from the various pages.  Android has become an OS that an iPhone user can pickup (probably vice versa too) and with only a few differences feel completely at home.The phone itself is very nice for the money.  The size is about the same as the iPhone in width & length, but the screen is a touch smaller and the overall thickness is a little more.  But the Avail feels really nice in the hand.  It's got a good weight and the battery cover feels slightly rubberized and grippy (my biggest complaint with the iPhone is the glass back is slippery as all get out).I was able to throw some apps on the phone easily and they worked as expected.After giving my wife a crash course in smartphoneology I told her to play with it and see how she likes it.  So far so good & she likes texting MUCH better on a phone with a full keyboard than on her old flip phone with only number keys!Pros* Cost can't be beat for an unsubsidized phone.  If you have an AT&T; account you can pop your SIM in and go!* Android has actually gotten pretty nice* Phone feels good in the hand, doesn't feel flimsy or cheap* Can increase storage w/ larger SD cardCons* Only 5MP camera* Less on board memory than a higher-end phone* Only comes with 2GB SD card* Screen doesn't feel as smooth as other phones I've used - screen protectors should help & are on the way* Occasional slowness in opening an app or navigating, but very minor

I've dropped this one so many times since i've had it, and it works! it's like those old phones you could throw up against the wall and it still worked. i think it's because of the outer casing. it seems to be made of some hard rubber substance.It glitches sometimes, like my old adroid phone, but whatever.

Love my first Android phone. Many good features at low price.Good:low priceAndroid 2.3.4love the Google Play, GPS and many more!Put in my AT&T; SIM and works immediately. (Though it is sold as Pre-Paid Phone, it works for monthly subscription SIM card also)Bad:battery runs low in a day only for moderate usage.5M camera has a bad len. Not linear. Easily notice the non-linearity while moving the camera.The email feature comes with the phone does not work. I download a free K9 and it works well.After a week of usage, it already prompt me from time to time about my low internal memory. I have to stop some apps to make room.Size is similar to iphone.This phone is made by ZTE for AT&T.;After two weeks of usage, I need to change my mind.Did a AT&T; Phone software update. After the update, a lot of configurations and set up need to be re-do!The camera is not stable any more. It suddenly turns into different mode and lost the color. Other apps with camera has no problem. So, it must be the AT&T; new firmware problem.Phone is not stable. GPS signal is not stable.I still think that it is a good low cost Android phone but may be mine firmware and camera not working well.AT&T; might have fixed some problems and created more problems in the new firmware update!Another negative is that AT&T; does not have the unlock code for this model. It means that you will not be able to use other SIM cards while travelling out of country. AT&T; roaming is expensive oversea!

I will not recommend this phone to any of my friend. The biggest issue is the signal problem. Even the signal bar of the phone are full, I call another phone close to me, they can not hear me clearly sometimes. Because of the bad signal, it ruined one of my important phone interview. The other problem is the standby time. It can just last for 30-40 hours, even I don't use it at all, while they claim it can last up to 250 hours in standby mode.

This phone is an affordable entry level smart phone.Good for using maps and GPS / talking and texting.Cons:It runs old software and is sluggish.Unable to load basic web pages in an appropriate time frame even using wifi.Lacks sufficient internal storage space so you will not be able to run a lot of applications.I do not recommend this phone.  A nexus 4 would be well worth the investment over this.

I live and work at home in a very rural area with terrible coverage. I use a land line for most of my calls and only use this phone when I drive into more populated areas. My work requires me to keep up with the latest tech and I was tired of paying $80+ a month for a smartphone that I very rarely used. I have WiFi at home and use the Google Voice app if I want to send texts. This GoPhone is going to save me a lot of money! Not only will I save money but everything I have tried on this phone works fairly well. My Google/Gmail account syncs all my contacts, I also have an Exchange email account that syncs with a lot of options available, POP/SMTP accounts work well, web browsing not bad, GPS seems to work well, loaded over 60 hours of MP3s on a MicroSD card and the music app plays it very well including play lists I've created on my PC. Overall I'm very happy with this phone.

The phone works great, and is very durable. The only issue I have seems to be the software, which reacts slowly at times, and does not have many of the features that some of the other phones have. My main issue would be the lack of settings for the keyboard (such as editing your dictionary) which would be useful. other than that, it has never frozen, and works pretty well.

My husband and I bought these phones when we decided to go no-contract. I will say I did not buy from Amazon...we got them brand new from Best Buy and activated them there. But I'm reviewing here to hopefully stop someone from making the same mistake I did!!! The phone is sluggish, will not allow you to tap things you want to see, but if you're scrolling past something else, it will decide you *need* to see it and open it up for you! It's like the annoying mother-in-law of phones! (No offense to mothers-in-law, mine is great!) The camera SUCKS. Not a primary camera by any means but at this point I barely use it at all...and I love photography of all kinds. *Instagram junkie here!!!* Trying to slide the little green dot to answer the phone is marginal at best, missed a lot of calls that way. Luckily my husband understands, as his phone does the same thing. No funny business going on! I hate that stupid screen that comes up when you unlock the phone: 6 dots with stuff you can't change (if you can I haven't figured out how yet...the manual doesn't mention them, like they don't exist) and you have to choose one to go on to the next screen. Somehow I got Facebook as one of them, so more often than not I pick that one to get past the magical lock screen. Never seen anything like it! Continuously drops the wi-fi and tells you there is a "connection problem". Lack of 4G and crappy old software are not helping, but that was my fault for not checking into this before buying. Hey, I'm fair if nothing else. &lt;shrugging shoulders>Anyway, I think that's everything. At the AT&T; store, I told the sales person that I hated this phone. She asked what I hated about it. My response: "Let me count the ways..." So I'll be trading both of our phones in for Amazon credit, and we're going with a different phone!To anyone who buys this phone: May the Force be with you!

I bought this phone as a gift for my dad. He has wanted a droid for a long time, so I ended up doing a lot of research. I didn't want to spend so much money on a plan for him, so I bought this ATT phone and am using a straightalk plan with it. It's a gerat little phone. He has had it for several months now and really likes it. It gets great signal where we live. It's a bit on the chunky side, definitely not one of the the sleek, thin phones that sell today for hundreds of dollars. For the price, it's great. The battery life was the biggest complaint from most owners, but my dad doesn't have a problem with it. he uses it all day and waits for it to die and plugs it in all night. The external speakers are a little tinny, but that's to be expected on a phone. The camera quality is great. All in all, he is really happy with his phone, and I'm not glad it wasn't $300. We have had no major issues with it so far.

I bought this as an upgrade from a Nokia flip phone I've had for years. I wanted to keep my pay-as-you go plan, but I wanted to get an app to combat the increasing amount of spam calls I was getting. This phone fits my needs and then some at a good price (around $107). I did not get the data plan. As others have said, if you don't need internet access 100% of the time, just using the wifi works fine. All I had to do was transfer my smart card from my old phone and it was up and running. I also added a SDMicro card for additional storage.One fault I give it is that AT&T; loads up a bunch of apps. They don't allow these apps (including a couple of games) to either be transferred over to the SD card or deleted if you want to free up space. The only apps that you can transfer to the card or remove altogether are the ones you add.The second fault is the lack of battery life. I don't use my phone very much and keep the wifi turned off generally, but you really have to charge it up every day. IMO, it's not worth having the data plan with this phone: If you're keeping the internet/wifi on all the time, I can't see the charge even lasting a full day. And I'm sure my usage is a lot less than most people.I'm using Mr. Number (free!) to handle the spam calls and it does a great job. You can choose to send the number to voice mail or hang-up. Keep in mind if you're choosing the hang-up, it picks up the call and hangs up, which will cost you, depending on your pay-as-you-go plan.

After 6 months, it began to not charge overnight or charge and then not hold it. At it's worst, it woke me up in the middle of the night pulsing vibrations trying to turn on. The keyboard doesn't work most of the time, and when it does it doesn't put the right letters. Causes me more trouble than it's worth.

I purchased this phone for my daughter for Easter.  After a couple of weeks, it was freezing up and she could not use.  We sent it back to Amazon when we received the replacement.  After a month the replacement phone was acting up.  She could not hear the phone calls unless she put the call on speaker.  Since it was after the Amazon 30 day warrenty period we had to go through the AT&T warrenty center.  They sent us a rebuilt phone and so far so good but it has only been a day.  We are keeping our fingers crossed that the third time will be a charm.  I would not reccomend the Avail.  If I had to do it over again, I would go with the AT&T Fusion.

Even though most people in my area on Verizon because AT&T;'s coverage and congestion make it a poor choice for the SF Bay area, I bought this phone because I needed a GSM phone for a trip to Asia where I will buy a prepaid SIM card. I wanted a phone with Wi-Fi as well.This phone is very easy to unlock for use with another carrier's SIM card, and it doesn't cost anything to unlock it.It's a decent enough Android phone for a non-power user. A slow processor so you're not going to be playing any high-end games on it, but for simple web browsing it's fine.I did not activate it on AT&T.; I did stick in a T-Mobile SIM card to make sure the unlocking worked. It's not a good choice for T-Mobile though because it doesn't operate on T-Mobile's 1700 MHz 3G band. However T-Mobile is now moving some 3G service to 1900 MHz with spectrum they got from AT&T; (part of the reward for the failed acquisition by AT&T;).I think it was worth the $99.99 I paid for it.Changes to GoPhone------------------The information regarding GoPhone service plans on Amazon is incorrect. Two big changes:1. You can no longer purchase blocks of data if you opt for the per-minute plan--AT&T; has eliminated that option effective 4/18/2012. Too many smart phone users that use few voice minutes or texts, but moderate amounts of data, were moving to pay-per-minute from higher value postpaid accounts. Existing smart phone users can still purchase data at 1/5MB ($2/MB or $2000/GB) but cannot purchase data packages anymore. New smart phone users cannot purchase data at 1/5MB.2. The costs and quantities of the data packages listed on Amazon are all wrong. AT&T; has increased the amount of data to $5/50 MB, $15/200 MB and $25/1 GB.

Pros: E-mail, Browsing, WiFi works great.Cons: Flash browsing not supported by default.Can't put the latest Flash onto it.Bluetooth has several problems ranging from not connecting right, to straight up not working.Bad Customer Service experience from ATT store. (stated their policies are universal with ATT).The phone tends to be slow at times when you give it a touch screen command.Summary: If you do not use bluetooth, it is a very nice phone for the price.I returned the phone, on the basis that the bluetooth did not meet my expectations. One of my main uses for the phone, being in an area with mountains, is to be able to get onto skype to talk to friends and business customers. The bluetooth works for a normal (non skype) phone call. The microphone worked for nothing else however (skype, voice recording, voice commands, etc"). And the device is very buggy when it comes to bluetooth.Below refers to Non calls (includes voice funtions in the phone and skype calls only).First time connecting the bluetooth device: bluetooth speaker worked, no mic worked with bluetooth active.Second time (after restarting my phone a few times): bluetooth speaker worked, the phone's speaker mic worked.Third time (after restarting phone again): bluetooth speaker worked, no mic worked with bluetooth active.So, I took the phone back and am now out 45 dollars. 35 dollars for the restocking fee (even though the item was defective), and the 10 dollars of minutes that I had put on the phone (minus the minutes used trying to get the bluetooth to work for regular calls. Even for regular calls it didn't work right away.On top of this, the sales lady was non aggressively rude. I even stated that I was sorry and that i knew it wasn't her fault that the phone isn't working, and she walked away at that point and said "no it isn't". (at this point i wasn't mad at all, since I was going to get my money back and hadn't known i was about to be charged for the 35 dollars OR the 10 dollars in minutes. (while I didn't expect the minutes back, when I had asked if I would be refunded the minutes, she had told me yes before).I asked for a manager before signing the return receipt that charged me 35 dollars for the restocking fee, to ask if they still charge this for a defective product. I was told that if I wasn't exchanging the item, that I would be charged the restocking fee, even if defective. I gave up and stated that I would pay the money, but I am no longer going to be an ATT customer.After the manager was gone, I stated to the saleswoman that I am sorry and I know it isn't her fault that this happened. She gave me an attitude and told me that they did everything they could to exchange it.Suggestion: spend the extra 70 dollars and get a better phone.

I tried a few android pre-paid phones and thought they we just OK. When I received this phone I was suprised of the quality and feel, plus it compared to my HTC EVO contract phone. It has all the features and is very fast at booting up and performing tasks. An excellent buy and great service from amazon.

I bought this phone for my sister and the price on Amazon was the best after research. She had a couple or problems with it, the first is that Skype and Viber could only use the speaker and not the phone and the second was that the phone got stuck in a reboot loop that was not recoverable. Amazon referred me to At&t for support, I went to the store and they said it is not fixable. Amazon refunded the entire purchase amount and my sister went with a different phone.

For the price ($100) this phone is a marvelous bargain.  You don't need to use the pre-paid sime card if you don't want to.  You can just swipe your existing sim card and insert it into this phone and maintain your current plan.  In this case, I bought this phone for my 75 year old mother and she loves it.  She doesn't text or email, but does go on the internet via an home wireless set up.  Her last phone no longer held a charge and I wanted something that was more modern so she wouldn't be embarressed.Oh, does anyone know if you can text via your wireless home  connection even if your plan doesn't allow it.  I heard some people say you can and others tell me you have to pay for it in your plan.

I got this phone and it does everything I want but the only version of Skype that will install on this phone is NOT VIDEO Skype so I gave it a 4. I actually needed video skype but I can live w/o it. It was my own fault not to check first and I can't return the phone w/o incurring a $35 restocking fee. If ATT doesn't get you one way, they'll get you another.I wanted to give this phone a 3 but other than the NO video skype it is a killer phone for the price.Btw, this phone has a bunch of Google CRAP (Apps) you CAN'T uninstall so if you don't like Google, don't get this phone.

This phone worked great, at least at first. Then the texting feature randomly starting failing. Then so did my data connection. I eventually ended up with a "smart" phone that was capable of even less than the dumb phone I was trying to replace.

AT&T; GoPhone ServiceGoPhone Plan Options$50 Monthly Unlimited Plan includes unlimited talk, text (both U.S. and internationally), and access to Internet data and web browsing (smartphone users must purchase a separate data package).$25 Monthly Plan includes 250 minutes of talk time, unlimited text messages, and international texting at 25 per message. Data and mobile web browsing is charged per use, or you can buy a package.$2 Unlimited Daily Talk & Text is a good plan for those who do not use their phone every day, and data packages can be added. It's charged ONLY on days when the phone is used to make or receive a voice call (including a call to voice mailbox), use IM, or send a text or picture/video/sound message. Data is charged per use, or via a package.Per Minute enables you to make phone calls at just 10 a minute--perfect for those looking to use their phone very infrequently or for emergencies. You can also send texts at 20 per message (25 per international message), or choose a monthly package. Data is charged per use, or via a package.It is right that ATT forces people to buy other plans, than the pay as you go minute plan.  Even though it is listed, they won't give it to you.  They want the more expensive plan, so they can get money out of you.  It clearly states they offer a pay as you go minute plan, which would suit my need's, but their underhanded practices prevent you from getting it.  It would be nice to have a plan with no expiration date.But, ATT want your minute's to expire, not keep rolling over.  So, forget abouthiding a phone in your glove box and pulling it out when needed, if expired.  It won't work.  THis is really low down of ATT, to promise but not deliver.

I purchased the Avail for use with Straight Talk's BYOD (this does require you to modify the APN which is easy to perform) and it works well with that set up. It's inexpensive enough to give you an exposure to the Android experience and I have no beef with the voice call quality (either on the handset or through bluetooth; and the other party can hear me well).Some misc stuff: To address the battery issue, I installed a widget to allow me to turn off the 3G connectivity from the home screen.  Since I don't use data all that much, I felt comfortable having 3G turned off and manually switch it on if I have to use it.And with the screen brightness set to a tad below middle, I can go through the entire day-- making short phone calls (say four 2 minute calls), send/receive SMS & MMS -- and still have at least 60% after 10 hours on battery.  But then again, that's with no 3G (no internet).  YMMV if your usage is heavy on the calls and you use 3G to check Facebook, Twitter, email, etc.And then... I rooted.  Which allowed me to freeze/delete some of the built-in system apps that was drawing power behind my back, and move some of the internal apps to the SD card, which freed up some internal memory. And with Juice Defender installed, I can go a tad longer between charges-- some days, I'll have at least 70% left after a day of light usage.  One note on root-- I noticed any third party widget that returned time, sys/battery status or weather info would shut down the Avail hard after about 15-30 minutes-- I could not power on the thing without having to plug it into a charger first. It doesn't hard shutdown when it wasn't rooted. Don't know exactly what's the true cause but if I exempt those widgets/apps from being auto-killed by Task Manager, it no longer shuts down on me.

I have this phone for three months. The first month was fine but now this cell is crashing and so not enough memory even though i have plenty of room on my sd card. The canera is only 2mega pixal and doesnt zoom close enough and its not too bright.Possitive: the battery last a good long time and the speaker aint bad.

I bought this phone to replace myHTC Wildfire S Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)since that phone did not have reception in my condo or when I was inside many office buildings. This phone has not had any reception problems. Calls are crisp & the people on the other end say that they don't have problems hearing me.Because it's on ATT & that carrier doesn't have unlimited data plans, here's a hint for those of you who are thinking about buying this phone: The very first time you use this phone: TURN-OFF your mobile internet connection & connect to a wi-fi hotspot so that all your updates are downloaded over Wi-Fi & NOT using your precious mobile internet bytes! That will have you a month's worth of data, TRUST ME!Compared to many of the other pre-paid phones I've looked at, there's much less bloatware (Certainly MUCH, MUCH less than VM's Wildfire S!!). This means you actually have room to load up your own apps.

I've had the Avail for a day now and I am very impressed with it so far.  Really good call quality (on both ends), pretty straight forward operation, lots of options for customization, and access to all the apps you would want Facebook, Pandora, Twitter, Google Maps, and on and on.Certainly doesn't feel sturdy like an iPhone or the like in your hands, but for a brand new contract free phone that you can pick up for around a hundred bucks, its a great buy.  I will follow up with updates as I use it more and more.UPDATE:I've had the Avail for about a month and I still like it.  I ended up having to root the phone (found the instructions by just searching the internet) because the internal storage is ridiculously small and AT&T; installs a bunch of bloatware you can not remove or move to SD(without first rooting).  After removing the junk and moving a number of apps to the SD card using titanium backup, I have about 30 MB free which is good enough for now.  AT&T; pushed a firmware update down today which I couldn't prevent, but my root still seems in place.

I've used the AT&t; Avail for a while now and can give a good review of it's quality and features. Just to give a bit of background, I've used iPhones and Samsungs for a while and can offer a good comparison.First, you're using the Android system and you'll have to decide for yourself if it's what you like, as opposed to Samsung and iPhone, which are quite different. Me personally, I like them all, but the Apple will have less customization, but beyond that, as a phone and PPA device, they all work very well. I would say, I give a slight edge to Android, but not enough to keep me from buying the others.Second, performance is the number one thing on most people's mind when they buy any phone, so here we go. Call quality is far above average. I've read about the crystal clear call quality of the iPhone 4S, but in use, this phone is as good or better. Seldom do I notice muffled voices of callers, and even then, I'm not sure they're not holding the phone too close or too far from their mouths. It's not something you can blame on the phone. The Avail has a more balanced sound, as opposed to the slightly tinny sound of an iPhone. If you like Samsung, you'll love the Avail, nuff said. The OS is snappy and there are no annoying lags. Moving around the system is both intuitive and easy. There's just not much to dislike about Android. You won't find any annoying omissions of features or weird menus here, all is as it should be. Android has some really cool apps and widgets to add to your phone, that make it easier to do some things, even though the standard way is surely nice, but you do have the option to change almost anything your heart's desire, not so with iPhone. So, in this respect, it is far ahead of Apple, but then again, the iPhone works fine too, so it's a small advantage, but noticeable.The Avail's call sound is capable of being quite loud, and even my hardness of hearing isn't a problem. The external speaker is adequately loud and very usable for speaker phone calls. I've used it often with not a single complaint. It's better than most by a long shot.Connectivity is pretty good really, with only a few dropped calls, which in most cases, I would say were dropped by the other phone I was talking to. Sometimes it's really hard to tell which phone actually pulled the plug on a call, so I've not experienced any more call problems than with any other phone. iPhone 3G may, and I say MAY have just slightly better connectivity, but I can't tell for sure, so the difference is not enough to get excited about.Web and appps are more easily and diverse on Android than Apple to my mind, but again, if you're a dyed in the wool iPhone user, then you like their apps and there's certainly nothing wrong with that. It all works about the same, it's just a bit different. No complaints here for the Avail.The Avail has a very, very nice touch screen system that is easily mastered and quite responsive without being prone to mistakes. It is really easy to type, and maneuver the phone and apps without making mistakes. You'll find no complaints here either. I have huge hands and can type text messages without making a single mistake most of the time. It's very well engineered in this respect. The screen on the Avail is 3.5" diagonal and very nice indeed. You'll see some reviews saying it lacks resolution, but you will NEVER see it when looking at the phone, it's simply beautiful, and text is crisp and sharp. I have no complaints at all with it. Viewing in direct sunlight is good, if not great, but highly usable for sure. One review I read said the Avail lacked auto brightness, but that is not true, it has it, and it's easily found and set, so I can't imagine where that came from, probably just a mistaken reviewer.The Avail has some nice features in addition to it's ordinary PPA device features. For one, voice control, similar to Apple's Siri, and it works just as well for me. Maybe I speak clearly or something, bu it seldom doesn't understand me. I even tried some mild curse words and it was able to understand them and enter them in text messages with the *** in the appropriate places, when you turn on the feature to mask known curse words in text. How cool is that? Voice calling is equally easy. It's a neat feature, and it works well for me, but I would guess it would respond to some voices and dialects differently, who knows.All in all the Avail is quite a phone. The neat thing is it's a Go Phone from AT&T; and it doesn't change your rate plan a bit, or even count as an upgrade, again really cool. I'm using mine on my regular rate plan. The Avail is made by ZTE, and I've had ZTE phones before, and find them very well made and of great quality. I did have a cheap, basic ZTE phone die on me, but I carried it at work and abused it unmercifully, so I doubt the phone was at fault, but who knows.If you're thinking about the latest phones, one word of caution for us men. Most of the latest batch of super phones are so large, you'll be stuck trying to find a way to carry them. I love how in computers we couldn't wait for large screens, then in phones it was to see how small they could make them and now we're trying to go large screen on them too. The Avail is about as large a phone as I'd want to carry on a daily basis. It is exactly the same size in all dimentions as the iPhone 3, they could be twins, so they're just the right balance between view-ability and carry-ability.Does the Avail have faults, yes, but they're common and minor. The screen smudges easily, but not a lot more than an iPhone, so no biggie, and it may be me. Other than that, I can't really think of anything that holds this phone back. I've tried everything on it, trying to complain, and it just does everything well.Day to day use of the Avail is quite nice, with no annoying things you must do to use it. Wake up, sleep, calls, texting and web are all easily done with no weird annoyances as with some phones. The Avail has not bad habits that I can find so far, and I've tried everything I can think of.I highly recommend the Avail, especially to those who're not lured by the latest hype of great phones. It does it all with little fanfare, and you'll love it. I can't think of a single thing that would keep this phone from getting 5-stars. Other phones my have more features, or bigger screens, or whatnot, but the Avail uses it's hardware nicely and does a fine job.EDITED REVIEW ADDITIONS:Now that I've had the phone for a while and have installed and uninstalled apps and played with it, I though I'd add some more to the review.First, battery life is only about average. When you do a lot it goes down fast. Who wouldn't have expected that? I have a pal with a Samsung SII and it literally eats it's battery before noon, so compared to it, the Avail is very good. Compared to an iPhone 4S, it's a bit worse, so it's average I guess.The OS is pretty fast and responsive on this phone, no huge lags at all. If you've used an iPhone 3G, then you know what lag is, this has none, as far as I can see, it's as good as the iPhone 4S in the speed category. Apps load and unload pretty fast, no complaints.The screen is nice and bright, I can see it in bright sunlight well and have no complaints. It is a beautiful display, if not the best, hi res out there.Pre-loaded apps are pretty good from At&T.; I use Places, Maps, QR scanner, Music player and all the utilities, so good choice At&t.; I haven't figured out what Data Balance is yet, but no biggie.One slight negative is the voice quality over the earphone. It's not bad, just a tad muffled, or rough, hard to describe. It's usually easily understood, but sometimes noticable. I often wonder if it's not the other phone I'm talking to, but it's something to be aware of. Not a huge negative, and certainly nothing to keep me from buying this phone. Loudspeaker is quite good and easily understood, very usable for phone calls. I rate it far above most of the phones I've tried. Both the earphone and speaker have plenty of volume, which is nice for a 'hard of hearing' guy like me.Internal storage could be a problem on the avail if you're into tons of apps. I've got a bunch on mine right now and have around 27-35mb free. There's plenty of memory to run apps, but internal storage is very close. You can put a lot of apps on your SD card, but most of the really good, useful apps need phone storage to work properly. I think most users will be fine, but the real app hungry folks, will need to pick and choose. As I said, I have a bunch on mine, but any more and I'll have to start removing some. The phone is still very useful and I really didn't leave much off of mine, but again, it's something to be aware of. I guess this is how you save money. This would definitely not stop me from buying or using the Avail.Overall, this is a fine phone. I don't know who posted they didn't need a data plan, but you do with At&t;, but, hey, that's what a smartphone does! The Avail does everytihng well without costing you your kids college money to do it. Unless you just have to have the latest, greatest smartphone, (and there's certainly nothing wrong with that!), then the Avail is a good option. It has no glaring faults, and actually is surprising in it's ability to perform for such a low cost. I'd love to have an iPhone, but the more I use the Avail, the more I wonder what it would do that this one won't.

After just three weeks of use I had the problem of my speaker not working.  I would only be able to answer calls if I noticed the phone vibrating.  We checked every possible setting.  Then, a week later, the sound came back.  It may have been a hidden switch, but certainly annoying.Also, the device and settings are poorly placed and made the experience just plain clumsy.  My cheek would mute the phone and my ear would turn on the airplane mode without a problem.  It was a big problem.Then it's slow.  Painfully slow.  Data on or data off, I just hated when I was forced to look up anything of any importance on it-  which is what I use a smart phone to do.  And photos? Forget about it.  They can turn out so lousy with this phone that I bought disposable cameras for the first time in 10 years to take the place of photos I would have taken with my cell.I miss my old Droid Incredible.  My last phone was better too, I wonder if I could jailbreak it to bring it to ATT pre-paid network.  I also considered spending over $700 on the HTC one.  I'm just desperate to get away from this lousy phone.

This phone has two major flaws: low battery life and no camera flashPros: Lively, easy interface, good screen illumination, good call quality. Case feels good in hand. Wi-Fi was easy to set up. Good user manual. The charger cord is also a USB cord for easy photo downloads to my PC. 5MP camera with zoom seems OK so far.Cons: Really hate the low battery life (must recharge this every night). The lack of camera flash really limits photo opps. WARNING: you will not be able to return or exchange this phone once you open the box, if you decide you don't like it.Summary: Overall, not a bad prepaid GoPhone but I'm glad I'm not locked into a contract with it. I didn't discover the lack of flash until I opened the box, so I am stuck with this phone. OTOH, the phone alerts me to my $2/day usage and it's easy to replenish $$. Good AT&T; customer service support.

I have had this phone for a couple years now and it is wonderful although I have a newer phone now this phone lasted me a long time started having trouble with it just shutting off for no reason tho but I think it served me well for over two years. If you are looking for a great phone for this price this phone is it

I purchased the Avail in October 2011 and it has thus far impressed me.  I was trying to alleviate my $80 iPhone bill and this phone has been a good fit.  I will not say that it is as simple to use or that it is as integrated as my iPhone was, but it has GPS, apps, and I have found that many of the free apps from my iPhone have fuller versions on Android's market also for free.Pros: Price- $25 a month for unlimited texts and 250 minutes + $5 every other month for data.Screen size- about the same as my iPhone 3g.Apps- wider selection than I was led to believe.Call clarity and speakerphone volume.  Beats my iPhone hands down, my parents are always saying why don't you put it on speakerphone only to discover they already were and didn't know it.Cons: Battery- It is pathetic compared to my iPhone.  I don't play endlessly or text or talk very much but my phone was almost dead the first two days until I found the Juice Defender app. Now my battery lasts a day or two depending on how much Words with Friends I play.Keyboard pad- I find I have to use the right or left of the buttons on the screen or it selects the wrong button. I almost have to select "p" for "o" or it is show "u".Camera- Not bad, but it could use a flash.Internet connectivity- Wireless connection is a bit spotty if in a pocket or purse.  And connecting to the internet on the go can be problematic, but that is a network thing.Overall- great low-cost smartphone with just enough features to keep you going.

ive only had this phone for a couple hours but im already loving it and its my first smartphone. it was shipped to my house in less than 24 hours with one-day shipping. soo i am very satisfied with this phone

How HORRIBLE of a time i have had trying to get ATT to put a PERSON on the phone and talk to me about their DOUBLE BILLING!!!!!  No one will talk and cant get any resolution to this matter.  Will cancel with them this week, they are NOT that great and there are LOTS of other services out there that can do just as good or better,,,,not real hard to be better.HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!

This phone is my first android and first touch screen. I am very impressed with this phone. Easy to use. Alot of apps. Wifi works great. speaker is loud and clear. The screen is very bright. Phone is durable. This phone is worth the price.

I purchased four of these phones (one for myself and three for gifts) and all of them have similar problems.  The wireless worked at first but after a month will not connect.  Frequently they say there is not a SIMS card in them.  They also ramdomly turn off and then back on, which is an issue because even if you have the phone on "silent"  it makes the activation noise when the phone turns back on.  AT&T has been no help, in spite of five calls to them (they told me to contact the manufacturer when I spoke to them again today).  I went to a chain store to purchase another phone and they told me that this phone had been recalled and pulled from their shelves a couple of months ago (I bought these phones a few months ago).  I am completely disgusted and am not even sure I will continue with At&T for cell phone service in spite of having been a customer for over ten years. Amazon has been very helpful... it is the manufacturer and AT&T that I have had problems with.

After 14 days of use the ZTE Z9900 AT&T AVAIL Cell phone (Made in CHINA)completely died. Took it back to the AT&T store; they would not replace it. Sent me to the AT&T Tech Support store (25 miles away) and they confirmed it was totally trashed. They would not replace it either, but told me I had to deal with customer DIS-SERVICE for over 1 hour on the phone. They then wanted to do an exchange (i.e. Rebuilt phone) not an exchange (i.e. New phone). After lots of repeating and a bit of anger I finally got a new phone three days later. It seems to be working OK, but then it has only been 5 days.

Easy to use and to get apps for.  Make sure you have the At&T data turned off before browsing for apps.  Get them through your wifi for no air time charge.

I bought two cell phones same models, for my Husband and I. When we set them up within a few days I notice that I had a faulty battery and had to order a new one, it was a warrantied item and when we took it to an AT&T store and they had a new battery sent directly to our house. This phone can download apps, play games has a camera and takes video. When I try to put the phone in camera mode sometimes it freezes up. I have to say that even with a new battery the phone tends to loose power pretty quickly and so does my Husband's, we each have to charge it at least once a day and more if you are going to use it a lot for games and serving the internet but for the price your getting a better quality phone then a $10.00 tracphone.

So far so good, great reception, speaker phone, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth work well. I used my sim card from company phone and that's all. Screen resolution and camera are decent. Very reliable and stable phone. You can pretty much do it all with this phone from streaming YouTube video to Web surfing. I can monitor my home using tinyCam Monitor app as well controlling energy managing system via Ethernet relay board. I would definitely recommend this phone.

I have a couple nice Motorola smartphones I like very much and figured, since AT&T; is on the front covers, I'd be safe sticking with it. I had read a lot about AT&T; "crap-ware" but never understood exactly what it did. Now I know that all I have to do is click on certain AT&T; pre-installed (read un-deletable) apps such as "Where" and "AT&T; Navigator" and you are stuck with a monthly charge unless and until you can figure out how to undo the damage.In addition there is a hidden service connection fee the sales geeks are trained to explain away in the most baffling way possible.This is all I've found so far but I fear it is only the beginning and the hell of it is that all the other service providers have their own short-comings. I've found H2O would be good if only they could speak English, or if I could speak Hindu. It's a shame that such good hardwareis crippled by crap-ware and crap policies.

I just got this phone in today. And I have to say, it's pretty great. Fast touchscreen response, I like the messaging setup, and pictures and video are pretty good as well. The only thing I don't like is that there is no external button you can press to take a picture. You have to push the touchscreen to take the picture. And if you are taking self-portraits, as a lot of us do, then it's just a weird finger placement when trying to aim the camera at you and push the touchscreen to take the picture. Every phone I have had before had an external button you could use that made it easier. Even with that being said, I love this phone so far. The pros outweigh the cons. And I like not being tied down to a contract.

when i bought it was good than at&t change the plan, no go on the 2 dollars a day or the 10c a min plan, if you need data have to go with the 25 or the 50 dollar month plan wast of 129$. Only had it 2 months than they change the plans

This should teach me to buy phones over the internet. The phone was working okay until an update was required. After that, the phone stopped working and I had to go to an actual att store and buy another phone.

This is an awesome phone but restarts hourly and sometimes more than that. It will restart in the middle of a text message, web browsing, listening to music, and during calls. There is no pattern as to when the phone restarts. Every time it restarts it makes the reboot sound which can not be turned off. I have received a replacement from ATT and the replacement phone does the same thing. States that I have had issues in include Wisconsin, Ohio, Michigan, and pennsylvania. The only place the problem went away, was Iowa.

for a prepaid phone, this gets you into the world of android without having those crazy monthly payments.Not top notch, but gets the job done!

I returned product since it wasn't what I wanted.  I requested permission to return, which I paid for the return. Vendor issued credit but not for the full amount. Purchase price was $85.00 and since I'm a prime member of Amazon I didn't pay for shipping.  Since the product wasn't defective I paid for the return but the Vendor deducted $12.75 with no explanation and I contacted them for a reason and all they said was that they had issued a credit of $72.25 which wasn't the amount I paid.  I was very unhappy with this Vendor.

This was my first Andriod and I adapted to it well after having used an iPhone for years.After purchasing a screen protector and a silicone protector I think this makes a great smartphone.The battery life is awful though. I can't go a day w/o charging it. It sits on the charger all day at work and it's usually dead again by the next morning. I usually have wi-fi and bluetooth turned off. I'm installing Juice Defender, as suggested by other reviewers, to see if that helps.Overall, a great price for a decent smartphone.

I have had this phone for about a week now and i have to say i regret buying it, the phone doesn't want to turn on sometimes so you have to reset it and EVERYTHING that you had saved there just wipes out and another thing is that while on the internet it will just stop and force you to close the internet.... It;s ridiculous thank god I'm returning it in the next couple of days..

I work for a phone company and wanted to get my bf a nice phone without paying 400 bucks so since he has att I decided to get a go phone that he can use with his regular service. This phone is a great deal. For starters I work for Tmobile so att products dont usually catch my attention BUT this phone was on sale for about 120ish which is not bad for all it has to offer. It has Android which is a bargain since most phones with android cost a lot more but besides that it has a 5 megapixel camera which is really good for a phone this cheap and also has live wallpaper features and just about everything a 400 dolar phone can do but for a forth of the price.

This is a great phone, but as others have mentioned if you're not willing to charge it every single day it's not for you.  It sucks up battery at an amazing rate.  I like the phone, but when I have to travel for a day or two and there's no plug available where I'm going I'm screwed because the phone will die.  I went away for a day and a half camping trip and I had no alarm clock to wake me up the next morning because the phone was dead.  So it's a very, very bad travel phone.Another problem is the myriad of apps this thing comes with which you can't remove.  I don't use the vast majority of them but they are stuck on my phone. I like the phone a lot, but I'm toying with the idea of getting another brand with better battery life.

AT&T; has shown to me over the past 3 months, that they are too big to care...AT&T; go phone has failed to auto bill me for 3 months,  I can not log into the go phone refill site,  so I call tech support.Tonight I was on the phone with tech support for 40 minutes, to have the support rep finally tell me,  that MY COMPUTER is the problem why I can not sign in to pay on line.  Yet-  I was on the web site for the actual AT&T; go phone site reviewing the info she was telling me.  I explained that I have 3 computers at my desk with 2 different networks,  and none of them work.  She told me "it is your problem" and hung up.  Yes.  Hung Up.I called back - and was told that their refill portal site was problematic, and I could process all transactions BY CALLING THEM.No thanks AT&T.;  We have 2 other No Plan phones from Virgin Mobile - that work flawlessly, and I can always get signed in.Also - as part of the trouble shooting - the original rep called my cellphone ,  and I was on with her for 16 minutes,  and it got deducted from my minutes.  thanks...

I have had the cell phone for about a month and I am happy with it so far. The cell phone seems to be of sturdy construction. I have had no problems with the phone becoming slippery and slipping out of my hands. This is my first smart phone, but it seems to be responsive. I have downloaded and installed several apps without any problem. The only problem I have had is due to having fat fingers and hitting the wrong letter or number when typing on the screen keyboard. I did not order a data plan, but I have been pleased that the phone connects to wi-fi spots and that takes care of my need to get information over the phone.

I got this phone as a gift.  I used to have the iPhone 3 and could no longer afford the data plan, so once my contract was up I got rid of it.  When I got this phone, I really liked it.  Nice touch screen, good speakers, takes extra memory.  It wasn't as nice as my iPhone, but I used wifi on it and didn't have to have a data plan, and it was much better than my flip phone, so I was happy.Six months after it was purchased for me (it was only used for 4 or 5 of those months), it died.  I was alerted that memory was almost full.  I thought that was strange.  I had added an 8 gig chip to it.  I deleted a bunch of stuff I didn't use. Then it said my texting was full, so before I did anything else I tried to restart.  I turned it off, waited a while, then turned it back on.  It kept looping the load screen.  I had to take the battery out turn it off.  I looked online to see if the problem had a fix.  I saw many people having the same problem.  Some said if they hit the right combo of buttons, you could get to a factory restore screen.  I gave this a try and never got to the factory restore screen.The next day I took the phone to the AT&T; store.  They tried doing a factory restore, but it didn't work, and they told me the phone was dead.  I asked about warranty, and they said if you buy from their store, they give you a year warranty, but if you buy online, they don't give you anything and I needed to contact Amazon.  I called Amazon, and they said they would give me a partial refund.  I was very happy to get something back from it since AT&T; wouldn't give me anything.Just beware, some of these phones do seem to have issues.  $130 is not cheap, and I expected it to last much longer.  It was always in a padded pocket in my purse and never tossed around or dropped, so I was really shocked when this happened.  I give the phone 1 star, Amazon 5 stars because I don't' think they were actually obligated to help me, but they did anyway.

I was fairly certain that I'd already published a review on this product, but I guess I didn't. So I'll publish one now, posthumously for this phone.I loved this phone while it worked. It was my first smart phone, and was pretty easy to navigate. I did encounter some quirks along the way, but chalked them up to being a new device that I was just learning about. I'll discuss some of those quirks now.Battery life. All smart phones have issues with it but this one...I don't know. I went to people for help with the battery issue because we just couldn't figure out what was draining it. Finally downloaded Juice Defender and it helped a ton...but more on the "juice" issue later.Pictures/Videos. This really irked me. Randomly, the pictures would become unviewable, and videos, when uploaded or emailed, would lose sound.  Or they would do this weird thing where it looked like the subject of my video was aboard the Enterprise and we were going warp speed. Usually after we warped, the sound would fail. But that wasn't always the case.This was a huge problem for me because I take so many pictures and videos and always upload or email them promptly.Storage space. I didn't have very many apps on my phone. Just three or four, in addition to the garbage that came on it. But sure enough, as soon as I'd download an update for a pre-added app, my storage warning would come on. I cleaned caches and deleted messages and pictures and did everything that the ATT rep advised me to do-but only after I uninstalled updates did the storage warning go away. That was aggravating. Oh, and this happened after the first two weeks. That was weird.Going back to the first issue-juice. So my phone is now dead because it won't charge. It's been having issues for some time. I'd have it on the charger and walk by and it wasn't charging. Last night it finally gave up the ghost and won't charge at all. I got this phone in August and it's only February. That just isn't right.I understand that there's a margin for human error, and since this was my first smart phone, I know there are probably a ton of things I'm leaving out or didn't do or didn't know to do. But these things really, really aggravated me about this phone while I had it. I'm not sure if I'll order another one or go with something new but I probably won't order it from here, either way.Even with all of the problems, I did love this phone while it lasted. I just wish it would have lasted longer.

AFTER READING OTHER REVIEWS I DECIDED TO PURCHASE THIS PHONE...AND FOR A PREPAID PHONE ITS PERFECT!! GREAT SPEAKER..LOUD RINGER. MY FIRT ANDROID SO IAM STILL LEARNING...I ALSO GOT A SNAP ON CASE AND SCREEN FILM!!

I love it...  I have already dropped this thing 3 times and it still works.  No cracks yet.  Best cheapee phone ever.  I know I already said that but that not a smart phone.  Smart wise this is the smartest.  Only reason for 4 stars is the short battery life.  But ebay fixed that with spare batteries.  And low memory space but it has a sd slot so no big deal.  And radioshack even threw in a free 2gb sd card.  At least it was already in the phone.  Don't know if it come with it or not.  But to my surprise it came with a sd card 2gb.

The phone was actually better than the description given on Amazon. I now use ATT as my carrier in which it was an easy process to get some adequate phone service in this area.

I am very happy with my Avail, however I am not happy with AT&T prepaid program.  I will be switching whether I use this phone or not.

I read the reviews before I ordered this smart phone. From the day on I got this phone I was very upset. Waiting to long on the phone can get a phone # an activate this phone, I know something like that you can do also online.Then need to get some Internet service, OK need to know more about that, the Customer Service by the AT&T; this is incredible bad, I know about the Internet Service at home, cancelled that already. I'm still puzzling with many things, right now the phone is working I have Internet Service all that... but some how not really happy with all that.I hope I'm little happier with that soon...

Good phone for lots of things, but there is a static hissing in the earphone jack. I returned it twice to the manufacturer, ZTE, to no avail (!). The second time, they promised they would listen to the audio before sending it back, but when I got it (a new one) it had exactly the same problem.You don't hear the static hissing through Bluetooth, only when playing through the earphone jack, whether into earphones or a stereo. It's very annoying at low volumes, where you can hear it in the background. If you pause the audio, the hissing stops after a few seconds. If you turn it up, you don't hear the hissing during the loud sections, but it's there in any breaks or gaps. So I don't use the phone as an MP3 player. Otherwise it works fine.Perhaps I got unlucky with my 2-3 phone sets, but I suspect it's a problem with the model.

I am pleased with the seller and the phone.  The phone is everything the description said it would be.  I would order it again if it were lost, broken, or stolen.  I would not advise that you order from an outside seller.  Make sure all of you orders have the Amazon A-Z return policy.

Nice phone but there are a few issues to consider.1. You can't configure the sensitivity of the touch screen, or calibrate it. I can't select items with a pencil, for example.2. Bluetooth is not intuitive and the manual doesn't cover it. After a connection, you have to pull down the notifications screen and approve.3. Charger quit working after the first charge. Plugging the USB into the laptop, though, does charge some. Not too worried because I can use my other charger with same connection, voltage and Amps.4. Can't find where phone shows how much battery you have left. It just warns when it's low.5. Manual enlightenment is limited in some areas.One other issue. Phone storage is limited and there are many apps you can't put on the SD card. I had to delete some of my favorite apps because of it. I've got an SD card with lots of space, but I don't know if you can upgrade the storage on a phone. Probably not this one.

The battery in this phone is defective. At first both phones (I bought 2) were dying after a few hours. I messed with some settings and now my husband's phone isn't dying quite as quickly as mine. Mine will die within a few hours of being completely charged WITHOUT MAKING ANY CALLS OR TEXTS AT ALL! I'm serious. With zero use and no extra features running, it dies in a few hours. It's totally useless to me. Great.

I wish I could give it 0 stars I have return it 4X this is my 5th 1 all prior was still under warranty.  If u like a phone that1.calls people on its own which u can watch it do on kitchen table2.cuts u off especially when in hold3.turns itself off test on table again4.refuses put your fb post or update5.gives u black screens especially when attempting to use your text6.slow internet only working on occasion7.even though u put 32g mictocars adding 1 app says has no memory8.Google maps w/o map when even works correctlyThan this is your phone.its a pos.not worth paying for stress involved I got it cuz I wasn't due for upgrade when my iPhone broke.the $25 no frills phone treated me better than this post.Worse auto correct akso as u may notice by my message if decides go through.And more

The phone arrived within in a couple of days brand new. Switching from a flip phone to this upgrade in technology has been pleasant. I am enjoying the touch screen and the ease of use. No problem with receiving or making calls. I'm not big on apps, so texting and phone calls is my focus. I would recommend this phone.  I went ahead and put $100 on the phone so I don't have to fill up for one year.

Everyone has their own needs, but for what I was trying to accomplish, this phone has worked out perfectly. I was already an AT&T; customer with two iPhones on a family plan paying $250 per month. After my contract expired, I came to the realization that we do not need data plans since most of the time we are either at home or work, which both have WiFi. In summary, this phone is a great deal and allowed me to drop the data plan and my monthly mobile fees while still having a fairly stylish, connected smartphone.I have used the Avail for a month now and this is exactly what I was looking for. We now pay $100 a month and we don't have to be embarrassed by a ultra-ugly basic phone model in hand. In my research AT&T; has the best options for pre-paid phones.Pros:1. Call quality is great. On 3G - service seems no different than with the iPhone I had. Strong speaker.2. WiFi works great. Always connects right away for me. There is an icon on the home screen. Once set up, one touch and it turns it on and off as you need it.3. Great screen quality. And the touch screen works very well.4. Only $129 @ AT&T; store.5. No data plan. I was leery even after buying this that somehow I would still get charged, but unless you load up a pre-paid data plan no worries. Plus, it also has settings to disable data. You can still download and use all of the app on Android Market as you did via a data plan. Downloaded and used Words with Friends just as I did with my iPhone. Works the same.6. Battery life. I think it is great. Seems to last days on a single charge with moderate call use. Again, I turn on and off WiFi as needed which probably helps.7. Camera is ok. Has some cool settings like zoom, lighting - but seems a little shaky. Not bad, but not great.8. Only $50 a month - unlimited talk and text. Great deal.9. Phone feels like good quality. Good weight and the exterior casing (kind of a molded rubberized plastic cover) has a good feel.Cons:1. AT&T; really did not want to sell me this phone, especially since I was a high $$ contract user. They tried everything to sell me out of these phones - two different in-store reps. They threw every possible objection at me. Persevere and ignore it all or buy online.2. I owned an iPhone and never used an Android phone, so as expected this phone would take a good deal to get used to. It's hard for me not to compare, but this phone is not really intuitive and it takes some getting used to, but after using it I am willing to give up on the ease of use for the price. You get used to it, but it does not flow well always. Even some simple things, like accessing voicemail or the icons they chose aren't super intuitive, but again you get used to it.3. It's a little sluggish. Meaning that a button press and resulting action might take a second to register. Nothing too horrible, but there is a little delay. Sometimes the transitions are smooth.4. Not loving the text input. Even after adjusting the settings, it doesn't seem to be auto-correcting or predicting.5. Another little peeve of mine is the notifications with missed calls and texts. Why is there no message on the home screen when you pick up your phone? Instead there a very tiny icon in the corner as a notification and then you have to go search in the call log for who called. Again, back to the flow and simplicity issue.Overall, I think this was a great decision a for us and it is saving us over $1500 a year by making this change. Sure, I can't access Yelp while walking around, but again it's a trade off. After a month I am very happy with the Avail.

This phone is the worst phone I have ever owned. The phone always crashes. I have to do a complete hard reset of the phone every few weeks. I have had this phone for 9 months now. The phone eventually just gets to the point where it just shows the ATT Rethink Possible splash screen over and over and over again. It will do this indefinitely. There is no way to reverse it. I have taken it to the ATT store and they just tell me to purchase a new phone.Also, The original charger that came with the phone is a piece of poop. The charger has a short in it. It doesn't charge reliably. I have tested it on multiple phones and the same thing happens to each phone that is connected to the original charger. I have had to purchase another charger in order to even start using the phone.Another thing is that the phone only has 150MB of actual internal memory. This limits your apps down to essentially what is on the phone when you first purchase it. Most apps need to have some memory saved on the internal phone memory in order to function. This phone is so full of apps when it comes in the box, that you can't put anything else on it other than a few small apps. The apps that come on the phone are not able to be erased. So apps like UNO, Twitter and other stupid driving games that take up precious space, you are not able to delete. Even though I have never used a single one of these apps, I have had to keep them on the phone.Another thing is that ATT offers unlimited talk, text and web for 50$. This is highly inaccurate. The actual cost of having unlimited service is closer to 70-80 a month due to the service chargers that are tacked on. You can only order refill amounts in odd amounts. This makes it so that you actually spend as much as a regular service plan. You will always have left over amounts no matter how much you use. Also, I live in Wisconsin and if I go anywhere outside the Milwaukee metro area, the service is complete poop.BOTTOM LINE:Do not purchase this phone.+Unreliable Phone+Unreliable Service+Miss represented advertising=You will be forever disappointed.

I have had tracpone phones forever and this is my first smart phone. I did a lot of research before buying a smart phone and this one by far has had the best reviews, so I went and got it here at Amazon. Which had the best price. I have had it for a lil over a month and have had no problems with it and works like a charm, my 16 yr old wants to replace his virgin mobile phone with Avail. Buy it! You won't regret it!!!!

I've had this phone for a few days now and so far I like it very well. Since it is being used as a prepaid phone, I haven't very much experience with the data aspect other than using it with Wifi. I am sure there is a way to turn off data usage when the phone isn't in use, but I've not found it. It went through the $5 data package in a matter of a couple of hours (idle time). I'm not sure i'll be using the internet much from my phone if Wifi isn't available at those rates! Time to do some reading.The learning curve isn't overwhelming, this is my first Android phone and I don't want to throw it against the wall yet. That's a good indication. The battery life isn't the greatest but if you charge it every night it shouldn't be too much of an issue. It does seem to have a lot of things running in the background that drain the battery that to me aren't crucial, but I've not figured out which is what to turn them off.

I've had the AT&T; Avail for about 2 weeks and love it!I was an AT&T; contract user for 10 years and got tired of paying $30+ dollars for minutes I never used and unlimited texts I never sent/received.  I've always wanted a touch-screen phone, but had zero interest in a data plan.  I sit in front of a computer all day and have no need to access the Internet on my phone.  I opted for the $0.10 a minute plan (texts are $0.20 each).  I rarely use a cell phone (use my VOIP line almost exclusively), so I estimate I'll save a good $20 a month over what I was previously paying.  I put on $25 the phone which lasts 3 months - so even if I don't use it all before it expired, I wouldn't lose more than ~$8.50 a month.  I can always roll it over by purchasing another card.Pros:- Good size screen, but still fits in the pocket nicely.  Some of the new phones are practically tablets which is ridiculous to me.- Android - coming from a flip phone, anything is an improvement.  I find it very intuitive and for what I need it for, its more than enough.  Unlike a lot of people I don't spend hours on my phone so I wouldn't notice a huge difference between iOS and Droid anyway.- Wifi - I don't have a data plan, nor do I plan on getting one.  I can still use it over wifi and download apps.  Obviously I won't always be near a hotspot, but more often than not I am.  Probably the best feature to me.Cons:- I haven't figured out how to read a text without my phone marking it as read.  I got 2 spam texts and tried to delete them - even though I didn't read it first (just held my finger down on the message and clicked delete on the popup menu), I assume Android marks it as having been read since I got $0.40 taken off my balance.  Not a big deal, but since I have the pay-per-text plan it means I either have to pay for texts I don't really want, or I just will let them stack up and figure out what to do with them later.- Battery life is so-so.  If you keep wifi off and let it sit idle, it is not horrible.  I don't really expect smartphones to be good on battery life, so frankly it's not a huge shocker to me.**Update**- This has a very small internal memory of 156mb.  If you look at the comments, you'll see that by default Android installs applications to the internal memory and not the SD card (opposite of how a digital camera works).  You can manually move some to the card, but some apps don't allow you to do that.  For me it's not a huge deal, but if you plan on having a lot of apps, be aware of this.----------Overall:I've only had it for 2 weeks so I may have a different opinion down the line, but for anyone who wants a full-featured phone but doesn't care about having a specific model, this is great.  Even if this phone itself proves to be a bad deal, I don't plan on ever going back to a post-paid contract again.

I wanted a decent camera that I could make a few phone calls from - this unit works great -

I'm actually a huge fan of the AT&T Go Phone plans, affordable and easy to set up. My problem lies with the software of the phone. I bought 2 of these phones back in January and I finally activated them last week. Now that they're activated I'm all of a sudden having software problems with both phones. At one point my phone wouldn't send text messages, I kept getting an error message. The only way I could get my text messages would be to restart my phone. The other phone was stuck in a loop where it just kept restarting. I wound up calling the warranty company and they're sending a new one out. If I knew having these prepaid Android phones would of been such a pain, I would of said forget it and stayed with a regular cell phone.

The pay-per-day plan does not permit any internet use (other than through wifi hotspots).  Data packages can now only be added to the monthly plans.  If you were specifically purchasing this phone for very rare/limited use, including internet, it's no longer appropriate for that purpose.  A quick google will show that many people did in fact want the phone for specifically that type of usage, and who are pretty upset about the change.It's still a pretty good backup phone for infrequent calls and texts, or if you do want to purchase a monthly plan and add a data package.  On that basis, I would rate it four stars.  Since it can't do the basic function I purchased it for, and which it was advertised as having, it gets one.

I have owned one for many months and love it.  Someone said that the screen doesn't crack if you drop it but I can tell you, 'Don't let your dog get hold of it!  : )  My Catahoula Leopard dog got mine last night and it was destroyed!  I literally cried since I have become quite attached to my little phone.  My husband ordered a replacement from Amazon today with one day shipping.  Excellent husband yep!  Even with the one day shipping it was only $28.77. (go Amazon!)  I hope that it really comes on time.  This phone runs all my games, my calendar (I use Calendar Pro), and my Olive Tree NIV Bible reader and it keeps up fine.  The only 2 problems I have had is that the ringtones programs I have tried have caused trouble with my notifier sounds so I had to uninstall and reset the phone, secondly, the on phone memory fills up a  little fast so I have to be careful to keep things on the SD card whenever I can.  Other than that I love it.

This smartphone is convenient to use and has a quality webbrowser.  This At&T; Go Phone is affordable to use.

I've had it for 3 weeks.  Better reception than my freebie phone but I know others with AT&T; that seem to be getting better reception.  Wifi range isn't very good IMO.  It's the total package though for a good price so I'm happy with it overall.  For this price maybe we should be lucky it even has Bluetooth but this does need to be mentioned...The Bluetooth on this phone has several problems:-------------------------------------------------* The bluetooth cuts out on me if I'm moving around and my phone is stationary only feet away.* Music cuts out at least once a minute no matter what I'm doing pretty much.  I think the phone's audio might be more stable.  Don't hold me to that though.* If you use the disconnect option on this phone or if you disable bluetooth, you'll have to reboot if you want it to work again.  Otherwise it gets stuck in connecting mode, and sometimes it  even gets stuck just trying to enable bluetooth.  If I leave bluetooth enabled and don't disconnect my headset from the settings menu, all is good.  Powering down the headset doesn't cause any issues.

I bought this phone in February, worked fantastic! I really loved it.Today less than 3 months later it died.It won't power up, and the battery won't charge..It's been too long and the seller won't accept a return.Will cost as much to have it repaired,as it will to buy a new one..I purchased the monthly plan for it, which is costing me 90 dollars a month. To cancel it, it's going to be over 300.So I'm screwed as far as this phone is concerned!

I've been an At&t; prepaid customer for five and half years and I'm happy to see that At&t; is finally getting some nice GoPhones instead of the usual crappy phones they have lolI've had my phone for two weeks now and I'm very happy with it. I had wanted a smartphone for a while, but did not want to pay for At&t;'s high data prices. I was happy to learn that I can disable data and just use WiFi when I'm at home if I want to download apps or go online without paying for a data plan; since I really just use my phone for calls and text messages.The phone has great sound quality even when it is on speakerphone. I love the threaded text messages. The touch screen is nice and responsive and the Swype keyboard (under the t9 input) is fun to play around with. The camera takes good pictures unless there is poor lighting since there is no flash. Since I'm a light to moderate phone user I usually charge my phone every other day; sometimes I can go as long as almost three days before charging it again. I really like that I'm able to go into setting- about phone and see what my battery life is and what is using the battery. The widget that allows easy access to turn on and off GPS, WiFi, and control screen brightness is very convenientThe only thing I find a little annoying is when I open my task manager at&t; navigator,alarm, Uno, and a couple other apps like Gmail are running although I never use them. It isn't a big deal I just close them out but I notice they will be a back on task manager list later on.Overall this a great phone at a great price and I would definitely recommend it!

Very nice features.  My only complaint is that it doesn't hold a charge as long as my older style phone.  Other than that, it is great for the price.

Love this phone, this works as expected no problems to date.I am sure it does alot more than I can imagine I have not had thet ine to look into all the features as of yet.

Great phone, but has to be charged constantly.  Battery runs low even when phone is off.  I typically only use the phone once or twice a day for brief conversations and maybe a text.  It remains tethered to the wall while Im at work.  It will lose about one-half of a charge very quickly even after being fully charged.  I wouldn't buy this phone again as it requires too much time on the charger.  If you want a phone for an unlimited plan, this is not the phone.  I imagine it would be hard to keep it charged enough to talk or text on an unlimited basis. Also, when trying to conserve battery life I turn the phone off, and when I turn it back on I ALWAYS get a message that a sim card is not present, insert sim card, although the card is installed.

This sure nice to have. Now my wife can use it here in ALaska to keep in touch with family and friends. I got it for her Birthday which she can't stop smiling when she uses it. My youngest son found it on your web sight so I had him help us order it for his Mom. Thank You again for your web sight.

I purchased 2 of these phones for my college aged children. At college and home the students have full WiFi coverage so they don't need a data plan ($0).  Using Google voice and WiFi they have full smartphone functionality with no monthly bill, and the kids love the phone.  Almost all Android software will run except some of the really high power games that require a dual processor.  Purchase a $100 go phone card and you basically get a smart phone for about $20 a month. (including the purchase price and the 1 year service plan)  The battery seems to last for days even though the kids are using the phone ALL THE TIME.  Only time will tell if the phone will hold up, but at this price the phone only has to last 3 months before we break even versus a traditional plan.  I might buy a 3rd for me.

I have had this phone now for a while and really like it,I replaced an HTC Pure with it,the screen resolution is great,sound great especially on mp3 etc.,is very ergonomic and easy to carry,video playback is very good. Generally speaking you won't do better for the money anywhere on any phone. Little Android with BIG preformance!!!

I upgraded from an old flip phone. WOW. Love the features. I am disappointed at how easily the screen has scratched, though. Did not buy a data package--just use the free wifi that is around. I did struggle with figuring out how to set some things up and find the online tutorials and enclosed instruction book very..minimal. Many things I just had to 'figure out'. All in all, I am pleased with my purchase.

I was a little anticipant because this is my first smart phone but I am really impressed.  It is an attractive phone and has all of the neat little extras for someone who basically uses it for calls, texting and light internet usage. Great Price and tasteful packaging. Yay!Update -6 months laterWell, I've been using this phone for 6 months now and I'm not a heavy user but in the time I've used it, it has dropped calls, lost contact info and It has very little memory. I'm afraid to use touch screen sometimes, because when I dial out, it will dial a random contact number.  If I had it to do again, I would not buy this phone. I had high expectations but am now looking at other phones... Would not recommend buying. :(

I purchaed this model from the AT&T; GoPhone Store that was refurbished. I think this is a far better affordable smartphone than buying a Apple phone. The Andriod OS provides the same majority of APPs and does multiple tasks than just 1 app at a time on older smart phones. This phone is manufactured by ZTE, a China Corporation. It is just as good as Motorola, Samsung, HTC or other leading companies that run on Android's Gingerbread OS. I'm glad as an AT&T; Go Phone customer AT&T; is selling smartphone with Google OS with the most affordable smart phones on the market. With an AT&T; GoPhone prepaid service your monthly cost can be $50.00 or lower, higher depending on the voice plan and data package you buy from AT&T.; You have to buy a $25 250 minute voice plan or $50 unlimited voice plan. Plus a data plan to have full access to everthing this phone is capable of from the internet. AT&T; data plans are 10MB for $5.00, 200 MB for $15.00, or 500 MB for $25.00. Text message plans are optional from AT&T; Go Phones but not required for the use of smart phones.I have seen other Android perpaid smart phones on the market that cost far more than $200.00. This phone had a release selling date from October 2011 which is newest from At&T; GoPhones. It's the main reason why I bought this model phone because it is up to date in the latest technology advances.The 3G Network by AT&T; in Polk County is fast with quick internet service. No slow waiting periods for the pages to load. Those that are in the market that are looking for a prepaid wireless phone to upgraded from a junk phone or that have slower non 3G network this phone, or for those that are condidering changing networks for a cheaper payments on non contract phones this device should be your top choice in your selection. There is one other similar GoPhone that sells for $124,00.The last smart phone I used in the past was the Blackberry Curve 8330 by Boost that cost $64.00 with tax that everyrthing was unlimited but that cost was still high. It ran on the Sprint Network that is very slow in Polk County.Thank for reading my review good luck in your selection search for prepaid smart phones. I hope it helped you in your decision making process.

Well first thing is this phone is a lot lighter than my old phone. It's 3+" screen is great because I can see everything and type without having to open the small side car for typing. The wifi is a good thing as well but remember to turn it off if not in use, it drains the battery quickly. The 3 things you'll need after purchase 1. 16 -32GB memory card, 2. screen protector, 3. silicon protective cover. Once you get the hang of all the bells and whistles of the phone, you'll have a fun and useful tool.

Pros: 3.5 inch screen is nice (compared to the Thrive's 3.2 inch)5 mega pixel camera takes good pictures.Screen is bright and responsive/ does not look or feel cheapCompatible with most appsGingerbread 2.3.4 runs flawlesslyCall quality is good, speaker isCons: Does Not support Adobe Flash.CPU run at 600MHz (This has not been disclosed anywhere I looked online.)Case feels a little cheapNo flash for the cameraLags when loading big appsBattery life is about 5 hours with heavy use (apps and text/talk)Summary: I had been using the LG Prime since June of 2010 and wanted to upgrade without a contract. I considered an Lg Thrive but didn't like the price point or weight of the phone. Saw this in the AT&T; store. I liked the feel of it and the size of the screen. I have had it for about three weeks now and have no complaints. I think this is a good prepaid android phone and a steal at $149.

I bought this phone as a personal phone. I have a work cellphone through AT&T;, but it's very basic. I wouldn't say I use my personal phone for much more than texts and the occasional call. I originally went with Straight Talk since I didn't want to pay a lot for monthly service. While with them for a year, I had 4 different phones. Only one was a touchscreen and it had made me wonder if touchscreen phones are just not made for me. This past December, I decided it was time to get a new phone. I tried one of Straight Talk's Androids, but even though Sprint is listed as having excellent coverage at my home address, I could not get any reception inside and only 1 bar outside. A Sprint rep told me to try their prepaid services instead of Straight Talk's. I tried an HTC on Virgin Mobile and had no reception. I returned it and tried a Motorola on Boost Mobile, no reception. I should add that the area I live in has very good - excellent coverage on all the major networks, including full coverage on Verizon and AT&T;'s LTE networks. So I'm not out in the sticks trying to get coverage here, but was having no success. I ended up buying a Verizon phone through Straight Talk. It was okay, but I was back to paying 50 dollars a month for an unlimited plan that I maybe used 100 minutes of talk on.I have never had problems with reception through AT&T;, but I found the Go Phone's plans to be a little confusing, but when I saw this phone, I decided to keep the Verizon Straight Talk and give this phone a try. I've never used an iPhone or any of the high end touchscreen phones, but I couldn't imagine them being any better than this phone's touchscreen. Maybe they are, but it's highly unlikely I will ever try one of those out. I searched through reviews here and elsewhere to understand AT&T;'s data plans with the Go Phones, but found very little information that answered my question. I know I'm not a whiz when it comes to the new phones or technology in them. I did want some internet capability though because of some apps that Android has that would come in very useful for me. So I am going to explain that part in case anyone else has the question I had.Others have told you don't have to buy a data package with this phone. My problem was, if I was going to have an Android, I would want some internet connection to add the apps since most of them cannot be downloaded to your computer then transferred to the phone via a memory card. I saw where this phone had wifi, but I could not find any mention of if you still needed a data plan to allow the phone to rely solely on wifi.That's the good news. You can use this phone with wifi without any data package. I'm sure the cellphone snobs will tell me, but you can't use it online when away from home and that's true, unless I get lucky and pick-up a wifi signal, but I don't need the internet away from home. I signed up for the unlimited text, 250 minutes package, it's 25 dollars plus tax. Mine comes to roughly 28 dollars a month and with a cheap Cisco Valet router, I get unlimited data at home. That's perfect for me. So you know if you're wondering about how the wifi/data package works, you can use just wifi without a data package.The rest of the good news: I had been force using a T-Mobile Samsung Exhibit II as my personal phone. It has a slightly bigger screen than this phone does, but this phone has a bigger screen than the other prepaid touchscreens I have seen. Another thing I liked about this phone is the width. I by no means have small or average-sized hands. The touchscreen I had through Straight Talk was so small in width that I could hit 3 keys at one time. I don't have that problem with this phone. Comparing it in size, it's very similar in overall size to most iPhones. I have not had any problems whatsoever with this phone, though I will warn against the screen protectors sold here on Amazon by a marketplace seller. As I went through all 5 without any working. Everything on this phone though works as it should. I can't say I would be happier with any other phone because I don't see anything that would make it any better than it is.The battery did seem to run out pretty fast, but I downloaded the Juice Defender app and that fixed it. I can leave it unplugged for 24 hours and will still have roughly 75% charge. It has all the customization options that I know of or at least that I would use.The closest thing I have to a complaint is one that I think most phones now have and that is I have to take the back cover off the phone to get to the memory card. My favorite phone I've had was a Nokia e71, it had the memory card slot on the side so it isn't quite as easy to change the memory card in this phone, but that's hardly a big complaint. The sound when playing music without headphones could be better, but that's hardly a complaint either. It does have the standard headphone jack in case anyone is wondering so you don't have to try and find a non-standard plug adapter for your headphones. It's really a nice phone. Match it with a router at home or if you have access to wifi and you have a decently powerful Android for less than 30 dollars a month.Last is reception. I still have the Nokia e71 and it runs on AT&T;'s network as well. The Nokia does get better reception overall. As I'm typing this, I have both phones sitting beside me and this phone, the Avail, has 3 of 5 bars, that's inside a condo, in the back bedroom. The Nokia has full reception. I also can't say if the Avail goes to AT&T;'s 3.5G network when using data, but the e71 does. Having said that, the Avail still has very clear call quality and I haven't had a dropped call or failed to send texts. With the added bonus of the dozen or so Android apps I wanted, the responsive touchscreen, I'm very pleased with this phone and have recommended to several friends who were looking for a good prepaid phone. I would think this phone would be ideal for college students as well since most colleges have plenty of wifi hotspots.

I got this phone and the Pantech Crossover at the same time and decided I would send the one I liked least back.  I was sure I would keep the Avail because it was more expensive so I figured it would be higher quality, and it had a 5 mp camera versus a 3, and a 3.5 in. screen vs. a 3.1 in screen on the Crossover.  Well I didn't get past the unlock screen without making my decision to stick with the Crossover.  I have no doubt the phone would have functioned fine, and taken adequate pictures and open all the apps I could want.  Despite this, the screen is absolute crap.  The colors are dull, it has some sort of weird reflection that made it annoying to look at. The Pantech had a sightly smaller screen, but the pixel density is the same so it was fine.  The Pantech's colors are rich, and the screen is obviously a much higher quality.  For me, the screen is the most important part of an electronic device such as a phone or camera because no matter what you may be using it for, you will always be looking at that screen, and I could not stand the low quality of the screen on the Avail.  For those whom the screen might not be a big deal, this phone is probably fine.  If you count on a nice display, stay away from the Avail.  It just has "cheap" written all over it.  Why spend $130 on this when you can spend $80 on Amazon for the Crossover which is a wonderful GoPhone and with build quality that is WAAAAYYYYYY ahead of the Avail.

We have had AT&T; go phones since 2003. Last August I bought an LG Thrive and have used the $5 per month data (just enough when I'm not on home wifi). We both use the 10 cents per minute plan.On Tuesday, I ordered this phone for my husband. He wanted to update to a smartphone. It appears to be a great phone, we also looked at this phone at a local AT&T; store.Wednesday I received a text message from AT&T;, saying as of April 18th I must have a $25 per month plan to continue with my $5 per month data plan. That would be $25 per month plus $5 data plan at a total of $30 + tax every monthFor my use that more than doubles the amount I use/pay now.  I don't need the 250 plan minutes, nor the unlimited text.And now I have a phone that was just shipped that will be just as costly!THE GOOD NEWS - smartphones still can be used on your home wifi or hot spots. And, the AT&T; Avail is a good phone for the money. So we will just not have a data plan.Another note on AT&T; : I was told by the rep at their 800# that they will be dropping their 10 cents per minute plan. If you currently have that plan you can still use it, but it won't be available for new customers. It SHOULD be available for our new phone since it will have the same account and phone number - just upgrading the phone. IF not, I will have to return the phone.

I'm very happy with this phone. The phone has excellent voice quality and the device is quite nice. The touch screen is responsive and easy to use. It isn't quite as nice as an iPhone or an iPod Touch (I've been using an iPod touch heavily for many years) but it is "almost" as nice. For the price, it is a great phone and I love the fact that I'm not on a contract anymore. Since I'm a light cell phone user, with the per minute plan, my monthly cell phone cost is very low. This phone will be completely paid for in a few months with the money I've saved by cancelling my Verizon service.The android operating system is very nice. There are many things about the OS that is much better than an iPhone. You have much more control over your device and aren't limited by Apple's constraints. Also, you can see the details of your system much easier (for instance, you can drill down and see which applications are running and how much memory they are using, even system applications). You can install any Android  application and aren't forced to use Apples' App Store. There are tons of apps: just as many (or more) as on the iPhone.The battery life is comparative to my older iPod touch. It isn't great, but it isn't terrible.The only negatives I've found about the device, is that I had problems with the installed keyboard and the auto-correct feature. But since you aren't locked out of changing the keyboard, I just downloaded an independent "keyboard app" and that solved the problem. Very nice. The only other complaint I have is that it is a bit tricky to back up the entire device. Some data and applications are easily backed up, but I'm still researching how to back up the entire device with one easy process.

My wife was wanting a better phone for herself and this phone has given her a lot more opportunities.Especially being able to access the internet.

Worst phone I ever owned. If I could rate it a negative I would. Freezes all the time, just sucks.

WiFi? ONLY if you're willing to STRUGGLE on the line with (English as second language) tech support on Customer Service EACH TIME you enter a different WiFi hotspot and then "Surf" at DIAL-UP speeds! TALK TEXT AND WEB unlimited GoPhone is ONLY GOOD with phones that DON'T really work on web-SO THIS ONE is *NOT* unlimited web.  NICE!WiFi for this phone is Temperamental and...Excruciatingly SLOW!  Shortly after purchase, a single fall from a purse to the floor, shattered screen in three places. All other phones I've had since 2002 would come apart, battery out, back cover off from a low fall, but this one has Absolutely NO shock resistance, and cheap, CHEAP materials.The ONLY good quality of this phone is that you just SLIP in the (activated from your current account) sim card and use it...until you can't take it anymore, and seek out a better model Android for AT&T; GoPhone because AT&T; is the ONLY signal you get in your house & there is no long distance plan on your home phone.  Even  so, don't be surprised to find that while there are NO areas in the house that won't lose the signal, there are some spots that NEVER get a signal and kill the call if you step there (like the kitchen!)... And so it goes... I MISS my METRO PCS! (West Coast & other select locations only). I'm thinking of trying a USED Android Avail.

I just got this phone and it is much better than I expected! It's a nice, inexpensive smartphone with good features and the ability to regulate data usage by using prepay.

I bought this phone 2 months ago. Everything is ok but the battery is bad. I have to charge the battery everyday for over 2 hours to keep it work. Otherwise the phone will automatically turn off due to no battery. I will not suggest this phone to any of my friend.

My husband and I aren't huge cell phone users. We use them mostly for texting and occasional phone calls. His old flip phone stopped holding a charge, and he decided he wanted something with a full keyboard that his fingers could actually operate (as opposed to one like my Samsung SGH-a177). So we went to the AT&T store to see what was available for GoPhone. The sales guy recommended the Avail, but they didn't have any in stock. So we checked Amazon and found they had a much better price anyway. Good enough that we decided to order two (even though my only complaints about my Samsung were the small screen and lack of connection cable). The touch keyboards have taken a little getting used to, but all-in-all we really like these phones. They're a nice size (very pocket friendly), simple to operate and sufficient for anyone who doesn't live on their phone.

I bought this for my son, as he needed a phone in a hurry for school.  The phone never worked properly from the minute he received it.  There were dropped calls, and too many instances of him not being able to make a call at all.  I am still waiting for my refund and it has been almost two weeks since he returned the phone to the seller. I will not choose this as an option for buying on Amazon again.

This is a very functional smartphone with all the bells and whistles I wanted at a great price point. It is the best option for me. I've not had it too long but thus far no problems. What is really cool to me is I can send and receive text messages and telephone calls without a service plan as long as I'm connected to WiFi. Without WiFi of course a service plan is required.
