
I found it difficult to program....Just bought it to have in the car when we're away from home.  The price for a year's worth of security, I thought  was a good buy... phone and minutes......better than monthly charges and the minutes were generous... more than enough for a year for us.  it might have been just a promotion at that time but I am grateful for it.  Found out it does not have excellent coverage in our area....had to call about no coverage and they were going to send me another phone but got it working by taking the battery out and putting it back in...guess that reboots it and now it works again.  Found it at Amazon.

This is my third Tracfone. I usually get the cheapest one. I just use it as a phone, but I always felt the numbers were too small on the other phones. I got this one as it looked easier to use. It is the best sized keys of any cell phone I have had, and I have had many from various companies. I transferred my service over the web with no issues and it was active in 10 minutes. I am still learning what it does and it does a lot more then any phone I have had. I doubt I will ever use all functions it has. The instructions on the web are easy to learn from. I read the booklet too and it also has a lot of help instructions. Basically the phone is free when you get the 1200 minutes, a real bargain for me. So far it is the best cell phone I have owned. A real bargain and easy to read and use number keys. I'll try to update this review if anything changes my mind.

I will preface this review by saying I have this phone for emergencies and for light calling. I have had tracfone for around 10 years now.  This phone gives me the best coverage of all phones I have had.  Screen is responsive to touch and dialing is easy.  It has all the features that I need and want.

Very happy with this phone.I like the compact size which makes it easy to stash in my trouser pocket.It worked properly from the moment it was activated and has not had any hiccups.

This Tracfone is an excellent touch phone for our needs. What made this package attractive was having it bundled with a years minutes.

Not the best phone, but functional and does what I want it to do.  It has triple minutes for life.

Terrific deal ! Could not find a thing wrong with anything on this order or phone. For less than $110 and no contract, I received the LG800 phone, battery, charger, 400 minutes on activation, Triple Minutes Renewal for Life of Phone, 4 GB Scandisk Memory chip, Micro USB Data Transfer Cable, Non-Slip Rubber Gel protective outer skin, and Clear LCD Screen Protective Cover Shields !!!  But wait, there was even more bonus minutes to be had !!!After inserting the memory chip and inserting the battery, I charged the phone for a few minutes. I put on the protective screen cover, and nudged the phone into the rubber non-slip protective gel skin. Download and transfer of music files and photos from my laptop was a snap using the Micro USB Data transfer cable. After deciding to terminate my 5 year old wireless plan with AT&T;, I put in a request with TracFone and my old number from AT&T; was ported in almost overnight, on the weekend !!!Now, adding the minutes was the fun part. The package comes with 400 minutes... x Triple Minutes which equates to 1,200 minutes ! But I took this one step further, and searched online to locate TracFone airtime minutes promo codes. I jotted down a few to try, then went to Tracfone's website to add minutes to my phone. First you enter the code for your 400 minutes, then in the promo code field Tracfone provides, you enter one of their bonus minute codes. Within 5 minutes, my LG800 chirped out a notice that I had just added, not 1200, not 1350, but 1560 minutes to my now activated phone !!! How awesome of a deal is that ??!Since then this phone has worked flawlessly for me, for calls, texting, and even some web browsing (though that's limited). Sound is great on this phone and music is as good as an MP3. The smaller size is perfect, as it fits in my pockets with ease, and does not crack if you happen to sit on it, but the LCD Touchscreen is big enough for anything but watching movies.Only slight negatives I could find are TracFone's call center requires some extra patience when speaking to their tech support. The web browser should be upgraded if you want the best mobile web experience, and the APPs available to this phone are not the same as those for IPADs or IPhones. Screen reaction is a micro tad slower than typical Droid and IPad phones. The camera does not have built-in flash or the top of the line resolution, even though the videos and pics I took look pretty decent to me.All in all, a terrific deal for those looking to escape from a 1 or 2 year contract, and upgrade from their basic &#34;Dumb&#34; phone, or those who don't need the expensive features and options included on the Ipads, Iphones, and Androids.

The product is very satisfactory. Received it on time. Activation was easy and straight forward. I would recommend this product.

the return address on my phone was from shopcell deals in lakeridge va.i paid $80 plus $5 for shippingi got the LG800 with triple minutes and 1 yr 400 minutes.i activated online and it was easy.i created an account.entered the serial number from my phone which was also on a card in the box.entered the number from the back of the 1 yr 400 minutes card.on the same page and below the minutes card is a promo card boxentered the promo code  70479  i got fromprintablecouponsinstore  dot com  0n 3/28/13you may check for new codes there.i received an extra 270 minutes  (grand total of 1470 minutes, 1 yr plus 60 days) and an additional 60 days service!!!the website says to turn off your phone, turn it back on and make a call.  My phone said it needed activation so i was not able to do that.I had to wait about an hour for the phone to activate. and then all was well.i will try to report back over time about my experience.PS: my phone came with 2 silicon rubber protectors so you may want to wait before ordering those.  one black and one pink.  The only other accessory was a 120v charger.so far very pleased.

I was only using a few minutes per month on my old carrier plan.  This phone uses the same network as my old carrier and service is good.  I was paying $70 per month for my old plan.  I got this phone and 1200 minutes for less than $100, after six months, I still have 1000 minutes left.  Therefore, it looks like I will save over $700 per year.

Haven't used the phone a lot yet, but activation and transfer from my old tracfone was a pleasant surprise.  Started out with 1548 minutes, 33 days left.  Ended up with 2790 minutes, 456 days left.  All for less than the list price for a 400 min card.

I decided to upgrade to this phone due to the great price of the phone which included triple minutes for life and the fact that it included 1200 minutes. I had a Tracfone flip phone with double minutes for life prior to upgrading, which worked fine for me, but realized I could buy this phone with triple minutes for life for less than buying a one year, 400 minute card (that would be doubled).  I was a little hesitant after reading some of the more negative reviews, but finally decided to try it.  I'm so happy that I did - I absolutely love it!  The only thing I really dislike so far is the screen lock feature that comes on constantly.  The phone has a setup feature that looks like it will allow you to turn if off, but it doesn't work.  As soon as the phone is answered, the screen lock comes on. In order to turn on the speaker phone (which I like to do in the car), I have to turn off the screen lock first.  Very inconvenient while you're driving.  Other than that, I really love this phone.  The camera is much better quality than my previous phone and it has many other great features.  I would definitely recommend this phone, especially if you're a cost conscious consumer!

This phone is a piece of crap.Every time I try to dial a number it miss dials. It's so bad that I have to use the point of a pen to dial and still an erroneous number appears even though the correct one is selected and lights up.Forget about trying to use your finger to text. Once again the letters must be selected with a pen or other pointed instrument. the onscreen qwerty keyboard is way to small to be of any use.I have tried to calibrate the touchscreen but still get the wrong letters when I text.Very unhappy wish I could throw the damn thing out. trying to transfer minutes and one year service to another old phone but it doesn't look like I can do that.Also the phone does not function as well as my old flip phone. Areas where I used to have service with prior phone are no service area with this one.I've been a proponent for tracfone/pay as you go phones for several years. This experience has turned me off completely. I am seriously considering giving this POS to my daughter for an emergency phone and moving to a new service. Big bucks but I can't continue like this..

The original phone could not be activated after trying online, with a phone robot, and twice with a real customer rep. They immediately sent out a replacement which could not be activated either. There's a whole string of codes I was asked to put in and each call took about 45 minutes without success. However, in asking for a supervisor, she went through the whole process and decided the SIM card was not set to the closest tower in my area and sent out an upgraded model phone. This time it all worked, the minutes were transferred, and the service date was transferred to the new phone as well. The phone's great--it was just the initial frustration that had me tearing out my hair until the problem was found and solved.

I love this little phone! I had been thinking for several months of getting rid of post-pay phones and did about 3 months worth of research to try to decide what kind of phone service to go with and decided on TracFone wireless (I believe this phone will also work on their sister company: Net 10). I decided on this phone because in doing research, I found that the G meant it was actually carried on the wireless network we already had (AT&T - don't know if that is true in all locations or not) and knew it should work in the remote areas we frequently visit. I bought this phone to play with for about a month before cancelling the service to assure it would work and it worked great. No issues with phone calls, texting. Data was not quick, but I counted that more as a network & remote location, not phone related issue. This phone is not as large as a smart phone, but for the price, I haven't found better.

I received the phone in new packaging.  I loaded the pin number that came with the phone and it only added 620 / 150 service days to the phone.  It was supposed to be 1200 / 1 year service so I contacted Tracfone.  They verified I had triple minutes for life but said the card I loaded was only a 200 minute card and that it had tripled to 600 (don't know where the extra 20 came from) and therefore could not help me.  After talking to two different representatives I deduced that I needed to contact the seller of the phone and not Tracfone about the issue.  I contacted the seller and they promptly added the minutes and service life to the phone so we ended up with what it was supposed to come with and what it had already loaded.  No complaints here.  For those that have issues with receiving the included minutes and year service save yourself some grief and contact the seller directly through Amazon.  Tracfone couldn't help because they did not sell me the phone bundle.

I'm a long time tracfone user.. the 1200 minutes came thru, the helpful info included here (including what accessories to buy and how to access settings like ringtones) was invaluable.  Thank you all for your help!  I had to call the Miami number to transfer my number and get my current minutes, but easy learning curve and after some practice - I can actually text!!

Phone works great!

8-12-13 -- I purchased my LG800G phone direct from Tracfone and it works fine.  The one star is for the Tracfone customer service and the T-Mobile service.  When I renewed my Tracfone and upgraded to the LG800G phone, I was told I could continue my AT&T service.  Instead they gave me the T-Mobile SIM card, which I did not realize until the so-called service kept fading in and out and never got up to full power.  After hours of going in circles between Tracfone and the internet, I have CRACKED THE SECRET FORMULA!  THE SIM CARD MUST AGREE WITH THE ZIP CODE YOU GIVE THEM!!  This is an ironclad rule Tracfone refuses to break. To get the good AT&T service I had before, I now have to give Tracfone another zip code, which will also change my phone number.  I'm still thinking about it.  Meanwhile, if you have service problems, changing zip codes may be the secret formula.  It's secret because nobody (including AT&T, T-Mobile and the retail stores) will come right out and say so, for reasons I cannot fathom.  Good luck to all brave Tracfone customers.  If you need customer support, you may get the best help from the internet.

I bought this phone for my high school daughter, and loved it so much that I bought one for myself.  We added the micro disk and now have downloaded lots of music (sharing, of course) and just love it.  Can't beat it for the price.

If you don't want to spend too much on a phone with a wireless plan,then this is the way to go. My kids use less than 100 minutes per month,so I bought 2 LG800 with 1200 minutes ( Tracfone ) and it's working out great.I also bought 2 HTC Evo V with the $35 Beyond Talk plan, 300 talk andunlimited text and data from Virgin Mobile. All from Amazon.

after use it for 5 months and change to t-mobile, the signal was not that good during my job hunting, bad choice but the price was good though, what can i say?

I got this same deal on HSN network and I love this phone!  Spent several hours setting it up, wish I had googled the tutorial.  I had to call Tracfone to complete the activation and got excellent service and instruction. I'm ordering the usb data cord here so I can interface w my computers.  Great deal!!!

This phone has just about everything. You can even do short videos. Would definitely buy it again and triple minutes for life is great.

Pay for the 1200 minutes, get a free touch screen phone. Fabulous.... Works great and easy to learn the basics of operation. Now, I'm searching for the little gems hidden in this thin, light, and fun cell phone. Very happy I upgraded...

First, I read all reviews before making my purchasing decision, and after keeping an eye on this phone for several weeks, reading all the reviews, and considering my experience with tracfone, I decided to go for it.My experience with tracfone has been alright. Very few times have I had to call tracfone's tech support, and... well... what can you expect.Anyway, so with my previous tracfone, I've had no issues with service, actually I've had excellent service coverage, even in some remote places (I travel a lot). So, I ordered this phone, expecting the same.The phone came very quickly (thus the two stars), and it is a good phone (thus the two stars). I was able to register the phone, get the triple minutes for life (as per the instructions that came on the white piece of paper), and I even tried it, made phone calls, sent some texts, and thought I was set.I played around with the phone a bit, set the morning alarm, the tune I wanted for the ring tone, and even found two games on the phone that I can play while waiting for my oil change. I was very excited, and couldn't wait to get my phone numbers transferred over so I can send everyone my new phone number.The next morning (today), I drove to work, only to discover that the phone had no service at only two miles past my house, and no service at all at my place of work. I went on the tracfone website, put in a problem ticket, got a ticket number, then patiently waited. Nothing happened. I went back to the website a few hours later, put in my ticket number, only to receive a message saying the problem is not resolved, and to call their 800 number. Reluctantly, during my break (since I didn't have cell phone service, I had to use my work phone), I called the number. After being on hold for 10 minutes (there went my break), I was informed that this cell phone does not have the capability to offer service where my work is located, even though I have service in my home (two miles away). I questioned this this since my old cell phone has no such issues, and they said that my old cell has technology that can get service in that area, but that this phone does not have the same technology, and thus, I am unable to use it in that area.I was very saddened by this, and after leaving work, about a block away, my phone beeped to tell me I had 8 texts waiting to be read, that I couldn't get at work.I decided to drive around town, and see where I do and do not have service, and I couldn't believe how sporadic it is. The service on that phone is extremely limited, and if you are in a small town, then forget it, you'll have service in only half the town, and if you're rural, then even worse. While tracfone's general coverage is excellent, the coverage with this phone sucks.The only reason I'm not returning it is because of the hassle, I'm not even sure I can return it. So I decided that it's my official home phone (since it works inside my house), until the minutes are used up. However, I dug out my old cell phone, and will be getting additional minutes for that one instead.I decided to look at it this way. I bought some cheap minutes (triple minutes that is), and I got what I paid for.

Good phone, works well. Except for the fact that I cannot find many apps to go with the phone, it is a nice starter item

Fhe phone is great and works well but dealing with tracfone to change a phonenumber to a new phone or to add minuites is much too complicayed and time cosuming.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!  UNLESS YOU JUST WANT THE TRIPLE  MINUTES  FOR LIFE AND 1200 MIN !!! GOT THE PHONE SEEMED TO WORK OK THEN AFTER 60 DAYS ACTED UP THEN WENT BLANK WITH ALL INFO !!! CALLED TRACFONE THEY SENT A REFURBED ONE,WHICH IS WHAT YOU GET AFTER 45 DAYS !!! NEVER WORKED OUT OF THE BOX !!! NOW WAITING ANOTHER WEEK FOR A THIRD !!!  LG800G  SHOULD  BE 800J  FOR JUNK JUNK JUNK !!!

RECEIVED THE 1200 MINUTES. I AM HAVING A PROBLEM WITH UNWANTED VOICE MESSAGES. IT DOES NOT SEEM THAT THERE IS A WAY TO DELETE THEM WITHOUT USING MINUTES. I HAVE MADE TWO CALLS TO PEOPLE I KNOW AND I AM DOWN TO 1111 MINUTES.THE REST WAS FROM EXPIERMENTING WITH THE NEW PHONE AND WAS GETTING RID OF NEW VOICE MESSAGES FROM AN UNKNOWN PARTY, LIKE I DIALED THE WRONG NUMBER!, THAT WAS RETURNING THE VOICEMAIL CALLS!, BUT FOR ABOUT $6.50 A MONTH WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FOR AN EMMERGENCY PHONE LIKE ON THE FREEWAY ETC... 26 CENTS A DAY IF YOU REALLY NEED IT. YOU HAVE INTERNET ACCESS FOR TOWING AND SEARCHING, WELL WORTH THE MONEY REGUARDLESS OF THE PROBLEMS EVEN IF YOU HAVE TO SPEND ALL THE MINUTES AT ONCE! AT LEAST YOU ARE NOT STRANDED! THAT IS MY OPINION.

Not the greatest Tracfone, for sure (I think I've owned most of the phones they've ever sold), and their customer service is the worst, but you get what you pay for).  Company was excellent, shipped fast, and stood by this product (I had texting problems with it almost immediately).  Use this seller, but I already have had (for 3 months now) the latest Tracfone (a newer LG model with a real glass screen - 100 times better)

I ordered this phone on Saturday and it arrived on Monday! Contacted the seller by email to make sure it would work in my area, he confirmed it would and it does.  Couldn't be happier.  Had an old Tracfone and wanted to update but keep a no contract phone.  This was a better deal than Tracfone offered. I would have paid about the same amount just to add airtime on my old phone.

The amount of money you save with this phone in one year is amassing.the phone works very well,and was easy to learn how to use it.

This is a great deal. I ordered this for my wife only 3 weeks before Christmas and it arrived very quickly, something like 4 days I think. The phone is great and the 1200 minutes with 1 year air time is awesome. I would highly recommend this product and this seller.

great phone so far, drive 2 hours to work and back and have signal the whole way. nice to have control over the amount of money I spend on my phone each month

Shipped as stated and works great.  This phone was a great deal with triple minutes.  Would recommend this to anyone that needs a phone without a contract.

If you're needing a phone for limited use this a really good deal, 60 days and 20 minutes come with the phone then add 365 days with the one year 400 minute X3 plan gets you 1200 minute giveing you 425 days and 1220 minutes.

This is not an I-phone! If you have realistic expectations, this phone is great.Sound is clear in my location, but my son has same phone within the same zip code and has reception issues within his all-metal mobile home (it may be the metal, or some unknown radio wave interference- don't know). Speaker is loud and clear. Volume can actually be set too loud, so this is a good phone for us old folks who have trouble hearing our phones. Display is bright (adjustable) and font size customizable.Included ringtones are pretty good, I feel no need to download new ones. USB cable would have to be purchased separately, as would extra memory card if you want to use internet extensively. . Display backgrounds are also nice, or you can display your own photos. Included games are lame, but if you want games they are a download away.Price was my main criterion. My 450 minute/month Verizon contract cost me $50-$60 a month, texts 20 cents each. I expect to cut that bill in half with triple minutes.I use a phone to make calls, mostly, but this is a very user-friendly phone for texting.Texts cost one half minute each, a bargain. Haven't tried texting photos yet, they might be more. (?) Text can be entered on phone keyboard, QWERTY keyboard, or handwriting. I have not found a way to set preference for this feature; it seems that mode choice must be made each time you use it. Keyboards and dialpads are electronically generated; there is no physical keyboard, which leaves plenty of room for display.The menu is fairly intuitive and easy to navigate. Touch sensitivity can be calibrated- you don't have to adjust to the phone, it will adjust to you. How cool is that? I have found it necessary to be careful to hold 'end' button down firmly to end phone calls.My favorite feature is the automatic lock, which can be set from 10 to 60 seconds, or off if you want. Phone can be answered in lock mode, but it prevents accidental browsing, redials, etc. This also shuts down display, which saves battery. The battery lasts forever. I charge for 10 minutes once or twice a week, having used 600 minutes in a month.You can assign different ringtones to your contacts, as well as assign their photo to incoming calls. This is a common feature, but not found on some inexpensive phones.Photos are decent quality, but again, get the USB cable (inexpensive on Amazon) if you want to save them to computer. The phone also does video with audio. I haven't used this much, but it seems you can call this feature up quickly to capture the moment.Alarm works well. Still trying to figure out the calendar, which is a little laborious to use- maybe it's me.Your remaining minutes and days are displayed continuously. You can set up an account to buy more minutes from the phone, which must be done before you run out, for some reason.Manual is a bit brief, but online help is available, and Tracfone provides an interactive tutorial if you need it. Setting up the phone was easy and fast with Tracfone.Phone is a bit slippery, so I also purchased Wireless Central Gel Case, which fits perfectly and adds protection and grip. To protect the screen, I got Skinomi screen protector, which was more expensive than others but far superior. - see my review on these.

This ended up being a GREAT deal. It arrived within 2 days and I transferred my old phone # and service via Tracfones website in about 10 minutes. They only gave me an additional 10 minutes but it got tripled to 30 minutes so I was happy that I really do get the triple minutes.It also says that on the phone packaging.This is not an Iphone but it has many more features than my old phone and it synced perfectly with the Bluetooth in my new car.I highly recommend this phone and it was free considering the 1200 minutes and the 1 year of service included would cost you 99.99 in the store.

I received this phone just as I did the first, quickly. I activated the phone and got the 10 minutes and 60 days that come with new phones. After that I added the airtime PIN that was provided by the seller. The phone added 200 minutes 400 bonus minutes and 90 days. I thought to myself, that's odd, the first phone I bought had the proper PIN code for 400 minutes 800 bonus and 365 days. I called Tracfone and they verified that the PIN I was supplied with was a 200 minute, 90 day card. I then emailed the seller with the issue and they promptly replied (on a Sunday) with a PIN for the promised 400 minutes 800 bonus and 365 days. So, I got a bonus 600 minutes and 90 days service by the time it was all done. I highly recommend this seller, and phone. In my opinion, the phone itself is the single best (and most unlocked feature wise) that Tracfone has ever used. I hope their future models allow the same functionality. I will definitely look for deals from Shopcelldeals for my future needs.

LOVE this phone!!!  Bought it for myself.....significant other liked it so much we had to order him one too!!!  These are a great deal with the 1200 minutes included!

Last week we purchased the LG800G at Best Buy for $49.99. We actually wanted to check out the phone hands on before buying online. We have also added 400 minutes for 1 year which tripled to 1200 for a cost of $99.99. We've been using OLD Motorola tracfones for years, just for making and receiving calls when not at home. We liked the LG800G very much and found it easy to use. Let me add, we are NOT cellphone savvy people. We had no trouble transferring the number and minutes from our old cell phone to the new one and adding new airtime to the phone. This we did by calling the 800# on the activation card. Since we have been so pleased with this phone, we bought a second. This time, we purchased the phone from shopcell deals which includes the LG800G phone, plus a total of 1200 minutes(400 tripled) for $99.99. This is like getting the phone free. The phone is NEW with the same s/w version V10e and h/w version Rev1.0 as the phone I purchased at Best Buy. This was a concern I had prior to receiving the phone--getting a phone with an older software version. No worries!! You can't beat this deal. I could have saved $50.00 if I had purchased the first phone with this deal. Also there is a Promo code 32887 good thru 5/1/12 which gives you 200 bonus minutes.

Tracfone LG800G with 1200 Minutes and Triple Minutes for Life - I transferred my old phone minutes and number to this new phone, hoping that I would fare better than I did on the last one.  My older phone could not be left on because each time it was bumped, the surf web feature would get bumped and I would lose 1000s of minutes unknowingly.  This LG800G model has worked well so far, no major operating problems, and no lost minutes.

I had a Kyocera tracfone that finally died so I started looking for a replacement. I have only had my LG800G about a month now but it was very easy to set up and is very intuitive to use. I really like the touchscreen and the battery life also seems to be very good. Last but not least, the deal is terrific! The phone came with 1 year service and 1200 minutes for about the price of a 400 minute airtime card. WOW! It is a well made phone for a GREAT price!UPDATE: I noticed the signal strength in my area on the LG800 was much worse than the cheaper Kyocera I replaced. After some investigation, I found that this phone is NOT a CDMA network (Verison) phone like the Kyocera was. It rides the ATT and Tmobile networks versus Verizon. I have since ordered a LG505c CDMA phone to replace it. The LG800 is still a nice phone but if you don't live in an area with strong ATT and Tmobile network presence, you need to get a CDMA phone so it will work on Verizon, Sprint, and several other network providers.

This is a simple to use phone for someone who only wants the basics.  I have two.  One for me and one for grown grandson.  I'm happy with mine.  It works and it's easy enough to renew time when I need it.

received today, charged quickly, has faster response than my other one.  This same phone with 1400 min. is on sale on HSN this week with free shipping and a free case.  I should have waited and saved about 20.00 and got a free case of my choice of colors. oops

I've been on a monthly plan for years now and it hurts to think about how much money I've spent for the time I never used!  This is a great phone with TRIPLE, TRIPLE, yes I said TRIPLE minutes for the life of this phone (which I hope will be a long time)!  I'm not one of the people who have to have a screen right in front of my face 24 hours a day, 7 days a week so this phone is a perfect fit!  I'm not a texter but do so on occasion so it's great for that.  Should I need to hit the web when I'm out, I've got that choice too and it's a phone!  All it needs to do now is dispense toilet paper and I'd have all my bases covered!!!  Seriously, you can't beat the triple minutes and this phone is really user friendly.  So if you're one of the few of us left on this planet who doesn't need or want to be constantly bothered by toys, get this phone!  A great deal and it will save you tons of money!

Ordered on Thursday and got it on Monday. Well decided to buy it because for 90 bucks this is a great deal which cannot be compared with any other service provider for an use-and-throw phone. Also ordered the 4GB external memory for the phone which was easy to insert in the back of the phone.About the phone-activation: I choose to do it online instead of calling their helpline. Made a quick profile and continued to do the activation by entering the serial number on their website (tracfone.com). Easy steps to follow and goes with out a glitch. After entering my serial number, I chose to continue entering my Tracfone minutes pin. It automatically verifies and shows that I have triple minutes for life. So it worked flawlessly. The only problem I had was when it asked me to switch-off and switch-on my phone to confirm the activation in my phone: My phone still said "activation required". I tried again and still the same. But, I choose to continue the steps online and when I finished all the steps, my phone automatically switched-off and turned-on to show that its been activated. Everything was over in a couple of minutes - better than waiting on the helpline.About the phone: Great phone. Nice features. Okay camera. Poor video. Poor speakerphone with noise but doesn't matter to me. Good contact information and profile settings. Bluetooth works great. Okay touch screen -  a bit passive but very good for the price of the phone. Keypad is like that of a regular phone but works flawlessly with touch. The unlock issue  reported by others is not a flaw. By default, it is set to autolock at every 10 seconds which can be changed to 20 or 30 or 60 or never. Also the top-right key locks/unlocks just by pressing it which is very convenient. The web-browser is more like an unusable feature - I am not too worried, just bought it for the minutes.Costs: I was surprised that this phone showed I had 1220 minutes and 425 days to use it instead of 1200 min and 365 days. Well, it's all good! The bad part is it costs 30 seconds (or 0.5 min) for texting.

First two phones kept locking when trying to access voicemail. Third phone won't/can't connect with voicemail at all. Tracfone support is horrible. Two technicians told me it was a feature of the LG 800 and that I would always need to access my voicemail from another phone! Tracfone refuses to replace the lg 800 with another model phone. I guess I'll just have to wait for my 4th phone. I highly recommend staying away from Tracfone!

It was quick and easy to tranfer my number from my old tracfone. The ten minutes i had on my old tracfone became 30 on my new one. It was quick and easy to get the 1200 minutes added to my new phone. BE SURE TO FIND THE 8 1/2 x 11 WHITE SHEET OF PAPER IN THE MAILING BOX TO CLAIM YOUR 1200 MINUTES. An extra 100 minutes were added for reasons unbeknownst to me. Assuming this phone would cost $32.00 on its own, i paid about $60.00 for 1300 minutes - or less than a nickle a minute. It took less than 45 minutes to activate and claim my minutes from the tracfone website - on a Sunday. To top it off, the package was delivered priority mail - which i did not order, or pay for. Completely blown away.But if there are any negatives down the road i will update this review.For now,thankyou shopcelldeals,3057 Nutley St, Ste 134, Fairfax VA

Pros:- Seems to work fine as a cell phone.- Has all of the features that you would expect to findCons:- Locks do not work correctly, you can defeat the timeout lock by pressingthe power button.  Results in lost airtime due to "butt-dialing".- Internet button is located where you would normally press when unlockingthe phone.  Results in lost time when the internet is inadvertantly started- No way to disable internet, cell phone, or texting to prevent inadvertentuse.- alphanumeric keyboard is only available while texting, not available forother text entry, such as contact info.- If you have a problem, Tracfone will, at best, send you a refurbishedLG800G.  Once you buy it, you're stuck.

I've had my phone for about two months now and all is going well.  Took a little time to learn since it doesn't come with an extended manual.  I transferred my number from my old Tracfone on their website.  Simple enough to do.  So I got a new phone plus 1200 minutes; this is cheaper than buying 400 minutes that double to 800 at Walmart ($100 plus tax).  At this price it will be cheaper next year to buy a new phone and go through the hassel of submitting addresses, etc.  I especially like the QWERTY feature for texting even though I don't do it too much.  So far I haven't had one call dropped and have had reception to make a call when necessary.  Using the alarm also works well.  Well worth the money especially when compared to AT&T, Verizon, etc. and monthly contracts.

Great price for this bare-bones smartphone...screen is a bit small & it doesn't display the # on incoming texts...simple to navigate!

I bought this with a new phone, didn't like that the phone felt slippery in my hand. The gel cover fits great, has cutouts that allow easy charger plug in. Feels good in the hand too!

Tracfone works good since I got it! Plus it is much cheaper than the contract phone, would definitely recommend it.

It's okay, I prefer my Nokia.  Some reception issues, but not sure if that is the Tracfone network or this phone.  I keep it for emergencies, it's fine.

Recently purchased this phone and other then wishing it was a bit larger it has performed very well. The touch keyboard for messaging takes some getting used with big hands. The camera takes nice pics and the additional memory card makes it easier to move the pictures to your computer.. You will need to download the Manuel form the Internet and look to YouTube for help...

If you just need a phone for calls  it is OKthe screen is not at all sensitive to touch -in fact it is frustrating to use.Could be fine if you need a phone to takehiking or boating - inexpensive enoughto replace if it falls in the water  etc...

Very pleased with tracfone and low cost of tripple miles. Good area coverage. Ideal phone for someone who uses only a couple of hundred or less minutes each month.

I purchased the phone more than one year ago. All year all good.This week when I renewed a one year 400 minutes service for the first time, my minutes were doubled rather than tripled. I went through hell with Tracfone and was told the phone is double minutes and Tracfone cannot reverse the activation even through I have not used any of the new minutes or service days.In desperation, I contacted the seller via Amazon about the situation. The seller promptly replied saying the phone seems defective and he mailed me a replacement phone. The new phone is confirmed by Tracfone to be triple mintues but my 400 minutes is foreever lost. So I contacted the seller again asking if they can compensate the lost minutes. They acknowleged that the fault is with Tracfone's programming with the phone but did gracefully compensate more than 400 minutes to my phone.

I am unable to find these mystery 1200 minutes or triple minutes.  I called Tracfone (was on hold for full 1/2 hour and then spoke to someone I could barely understand) and was told this has nothing to do with Tracfone and I need to contact the seller and complain.***Update:  After much time researching, I did discover that the random white piece of paper taped to the outside of the box that said nothing but, "PIN" and a number, was a number I was supposed to use to claim the minutes. I had NO idea -- there are no instructions or labeling or even the slightest hint about what that number is for.  For anyone stuck in my situation, go to the Tracfone website, select "add minutes", and enter that PIN number taped to the outside of your box.  The Tracfone representative I talked to had no idea about the minutes and apparently had never heard of such a thing, and there is nothing in the Amazon product description, either. I wasted a great deal of time and effort, and my daughter went for a week unable to use her Christmas present, because of this glaring lack of communication.It also took me about six attempts to even get the phone registered.  First there was a call, then I tried to open a trip ticket on Tracfone, but when I entered the serial number of the phone it refused the ticket and said "that phone is pending, try again in 5 minutes".  Kept trying that for a few days. Finally called again and was cut off.  Called yet again and finally got a roboperson who gave me about long strings of numbers to enter.  The phone was at least connected at that point. But the phone only had ten minutes and it was a total mystery how we would get the 1200 minutes.The reason we got a simple Tracfone was to avoid the complications of adding another line to our Verizon account.  There has been nothing simple about getting this phone up and running, however.  I blame both the seller's mystifying lack of communication and Tracfone.

This is an extremely nice phone for a Tracfone.  So why didn't I give it a 5 star rating?  Because customer service with any company is part of the the purchase.  And Tracfone customer service is really poor.  If you live in any rural area, put in the zip code of two or three of the towns around you.  This will tell you if this phone really does work pretty well around in your area.  My address has one zip code but where I actually live is closer to another zip code which Tracfone says a different phone works better.  It has been a three ring cirucus trying to get this phone that I purchased switched to the phone that should actually work in my area.  I normally am on the phone an hour to get one little simple thing done.  It has been a big put off to staying with Tracfone.  In many areas a GSM technology phone works.  But in really rural areas you need to get the CDMA technology phone--like it has a C in the model number instead of a G.  It's been going on about a month and still have not gotten this resolved.  I will probably try to call Florida this week to get this all straightened out.  In the meantime, no phone.  Not sure how many people have this much trouble but it seems the nicer you are on the phone the more dilemas you have.

I want to thank all the fellow reviewer which gave a great insight into the world of TracFone and LG800G. I was confident when I ordered the phone. Events after I received the phone:1. I activated the phone based on the ID provided on the package using home phone. - No problem - Activated within 5 minutes by switching off and then turning on by itself, Added 10 minutes by default2. Found the code to get 250 additional minutes "86196" on TracFone website3. Added 400 minutes code that came with the phone using the TracFone website along with code for additional 250 minutes code4. Got only 1200 minutes added, No extra 250 minutes. Now phone has 1210 minutes. Tried calling support which was closed.5. Called support next morning regarding the extra 250 minutes for signing with a 1 year plan minutes, Call lasted 2 minutes and minutes were added.6. Now phone has 1410 minutes with 421 days of validity. Wooo...hooo.....7. Added 4GB of music files using the micro SD I ordered(Amazon Suggestion-Good). Works great!!8. My son has been using the phone for last 2 weeks, The network is intermittent, Although we have strong Verizon signal in our area. Takes little patience, but phone still works...All in all..It simply rocks..

ty very fast service, my husband loved his new phone and the triple minutes.great features on this phone. thanks again

This phone is a great deal. You would spend more to buy the same minutes and length-of-service on tracfone. With this deal, you basically get a very decent free phone added in. I got a lot of benefit out of reading earlier reviews and following links to the forums to learn how to use it. I ended up buying a silicone skin, a data transfer USB cable, and a memory chip for the phone. There's no GPS, so I call it a "semi-smart" phone. But I'm finding it easier to use than my previous flip phone. I love the touch screen. Texting is very easy. Also, the text is big enough so that I can see the time and the number keypad without putting my glasses on.

Just got the phone today and called Tracfone to transfer the phone #, minutes, and days of service (DOS) remaining from my previous Tracfone phone that I lost.  They transferred the old info without a problem after about 15 minutes on the  phone with them.  They did want me to give them an estimate of the minutes I had available for transfer.  Once I gave them the estimate they told me what their system indicated I had left for transfer.  Then I Googled "promo code" and "tracfone" and found a coupon code for 250 bonus minutes with 400 minute air time card activation.  Using this I got 1450 minutes versus 1200 advertised.  Sweet deal.  When you enter your Airtime pin just enter the promo code you found (hopefully they keep the promo going).  Will update this once I have some time under my belt with the phone.Things to keep in mind:1. USB cable from PC to phone must be USB data cable, not charging cable, ( my bad ) otherwise the PC and phone won't communicate.  Since there are 6 types of USB connectors (at least) just get one here on Amazon that states that it is for the LG 800G phone.  I got one at Target that was more $ and just wasted money.  I ended up using a cable from my digital camera that had the correct connector for the phone and was a data cable.2. From searching on the web I found that this phone will only take at most a 4 GB micro SDHC card.

I was a little cautious about ordering this phone. This cell phone sells in stores for around $45. A one year card is $100. This deal is offering a one year card PLUS the cell phone for $99. I thought it was too good to be true. The cell phone arrived within 3 days of me ordering it. I activated it, and sure enough, it was legit! So with this deal, you basically pay for the one year card and get this awesome little phone for free. I'm recommending it to all my friends and family who like prepaid. Definately worth it.

Great phone...Pro'seasy to usebright back-lighttouchscreen keyboard has both modes - full keyboard and t9 typetriple minutes for lifeConsNo built in wirelessHave to buy 4 gig sim card separately

The on-off button is on the top of the Phone and is difficult to press.  The contacts list has a side scroll that works only when it is accessed with something other than your finger.  The ringer is not loud enough even in the &#34;outdoor&#34; mode.  It's small and simple but when you make a call that asks you to push 1or 2 you have no key board to respond with.

The main reason I purchased this phone is for the triple minutes, and in that respect it is a great phone. If you're using tracfone long-term, it's a worthwhile investment. This phone's issues have a lot more to do with usability. The touch screen is laggy and imprecise, at best. It is apparent in many aspects of the design that insufficient time, money, or effort were invested. For instance, although you can use a keyboard to text people, you have to use the old 9-key input method to add a contact to your phone. The device is loaded with this little inconveniences which, although not the end of the world, make it frustrating to use. Another example: I am a male with what I perceive to be ordinary-size fingers and good hand-eye coordination. But I have immense trouble typing with the keyboard. It's a gamble every time whether the phone will recognize the letter I pressed or the one next to it, or whether it will respond at all. Similarly, when I click to start writing a text, cancel sending a text, answer a call, wake the phone up, anything, the phone has a substantial delay before responding. And sometimes it just doesn't respond. So a good portion of the time, I'll press a button for the phone to do something, see that nothing is happening, and press again right as the phone does the initial task, only for it to recognize the second pressing and go off on another entirely unintended task.Long story short, I am glad I have this phone. The triple minutes are great. But if the triple minutes were ever available on literally any other device, I would recommend avoiding this phone. It's a great offer on a less-than-mediocre device.

For the price, this phone plus the amount of minutes you get is an amazing deal. Other people have gone on and on about that, so I will focus on the sticklers and why I gave this product 3 stars. I've owned the phone for 2 months now.The phone itself goes unresponsive if left alone for long periods of time. It has trouble coming out of stand-by mode or whichever you wish to call it. The only way to wake it up is to fiddle with the power button, and even then it takes a good 20 seconds. Fortunately it responds just fine when receiving phone calls.As others have stated, it is so very easy to accidentally hit the internet button on the phone. You will be immediately charged just for accessing the internet, then charged a rate after that. If you don't catch this as it happens...you will lose a *lot* of minutes. Be warned. I bought a silicone casingLG Cookie Style (800G) Gel Skin Case - Blackthat reduces this risk considerably by making that icon harder to accidentally push. UPDATE: You can also remove the browser icon from the screen. Gel case still recommended for durability.UPDATE #2: To get the most out of this phone you are going to need a Micro SDHC card. The max memory this phone can hold is 4 gigs. I boughtSandisk 4GB MicroSDHC  Memory Card with SD Adapter (BULK Packaging)and it works just peachy after I formatted it. It would *not* work before the format, and you will need a computer with a microSD card reader to do the formatting! If your card is incompatible/wrong format, the phone will let you know by displaying a tiny crossed out memory card logo on the top of the screen. For those wondering, the proper format for this phone is FAT(File-Allocation-Table).The coverage in my area sucks. Not this phone's fault, and I am not docking stars for that. Do your homework and find out if it will work in your area before buying.Lastly, if you do buy this phone, keep your old number. The phone number provided gets calls/texts/pictures *all* the time from people I don't know. It is quite amusing, but not all people would think so.UPDATE #3: The Tracphone site *sometimes* has an option for 250 bonus minutes(promo code needed) when you add the one year card subscription(this phone comes with that exact card, how nice!). So if you set up your minutes online, make sure to hunt down that promo code when adding your minutes!

Not only was this the best deal available, the merchant delivered as promised.  Though the phone is somewhat mediocre this is not the fault of the merchant, it just happens to be the best that Tracfone offers.If this is the type of phone that you desire, then this is the merchant to purchase it from.

I use my phone for talking and texting. The LG 800G is great for that: easy to use, sound quality is excellent, and touch keyboard for messaging works well. No service problems with Tracfone. Small, so I can slip it into my pocket and long battery life: no more foraging for power outlets like with my BBerry Torch. Has a few other features I use like alarm and calendar, but not a smartphone. If you live through your phone, you will want a phone with more features than this one.

I bought this phone because there were some good customer reviews.  Why on earth would anyone recommend this phone?!  It is near impossible to text.  I hit one button and another on the other side of the screen lights up and enters 4x, then I hit delete and it enters 17 random numbers... it's different every time, but always annoying.  I have given up texting on this thing. I would rather not use a phone than use this one ever again.  I wouldn't recommend it even for calling.  When you dial, it locks the screen.  Then when it connects, it locks the screen again.  When you hit dialpad, it locks again.  Impossible.

This is a great pre-paid. Excellent for teens, as well as adilts. Would buy again for my daughters again. A must for that budget mined person.

I got a better deal here than going through Tracfone. The phones work fine, no problem activating them. I haven't tried using the airtime pin number sent with the phone as I have a lot of minutes already, but I have no doubt it will work fine when I do use it.

Based on comments in prior reviews, I was a bit skeptical about the triple minutes for life promo on this phone. I was also concerned about being able to successfully transfer my minutes and phone number from my old Tracfone to my new LG800G.Boy, was my skepticism a waste of energy!!The activation and transfer of phone number and minutes was flawless. I am not sure why other reviewers claimed that triple minutes for life was not a Tracfone promo, especially since it clearly states "triple minutes for life" on the phone packaging.A few thoughs on the whole Activation/triple minutes debate that weems to surround this product:I believe the whole process may have worked well for me because I did not activate the phone until AFTER I had the old number and minutes transferred from my old Tracfone to my new one. This is just a theory, but it did work for me. Once my minutes and number were transferred, I then activated my new Tracfone, and my number/minutes were now on the new phone. Also BE SURE to let the rep know that you have a seperate number (Taped to outside of phone package) This is crucial so that the rep can add the 1200 free minutes to your new phone. (If that is the deal that you originally purchased)The phone features are easy to navigate. (There is a learning curve, but it is well worth the effort!) I especially like the qwerty texting feature. My finger tips are a bit thick, so I could end up doing a lot of correcting (lol!)I also like the fact that I can make "one touch" calls from my list of contacts. This is the main reason I purchased the LG800G.Overall, I am very happy with my LG800G.

I've had this telephone for a couple of months now and it does perform basic functions well.  However, I have not been able to conduct a mobile web search.  Also, when attempting to use the camera outside, the glare prevented me from seeing the control buttons.I appreciate the fact that the Services Guide is brief and to the point, but I'd like to know how to use the speaker function and driving mode.  I've just looked on the web site but couldn't find it.  Again, it's easy to make and receive calls, but I would not purchase this model again.

I bought this phone thinking the triple minutes was a great deal.  I got the phone and loved it.  I called Tracfone to activate it and they informed me that it is not a phone usable in my area, so they took the minutes off my old phone and proceeded to tell me they were going to send me out a phone. in the mean time 5 days I had no access to a phone.  I recived the "new" phone and it was a double minute phonenot triple.  she informed me that there was no triple minute phones that would work in my area.  SO at this point I am not impressed.  so not only I bought a triple minute phone with 1200 munute card I can not use that phone and I lost 400 minutes.  I am sitting here tonight and am still waiting for the second phone to activate the tracfone lady said I should be all set but I can still not make a call.  Not impessed.  I will not buy another phone unless it is from tracfone directly.  the sellers site did ask for the zip code and said the phone was good to the area,  wrong!  Amazon service was awsome as usual.

I've been using Tracfone for a few years now and am quite happy with them.  I was happy with my very simple Motorola but was starting to use more and more minutes and was considering switching to Net 10, a Tracfone-owned company that is for people who use more minutes than the average Tracfone costumer.  Anyways, I stumbled onto this phone with the triple minutes for life and new that that was a deal for me!  So, I read lots of reviews and they all seem to be very good, and the phone seemed like it'd be a good match for me.  I use my phone for calling (imagine that!) and texting, nothing more, really.  And I didn't want a qwerty keyboard, I was familiar with pressing the buttons on my motorola multiple times for texting purposes. So, I went for it.  And, I must say, this phone has made me very happy!!  I got my 1200 minutes, plus an extra 250 free minutes after googling tracfone bonus codes.  The phone is very easy to use-I don't particularly like reading instructional manuals!  The touchscreen works very well, the "buttons" on the screen are bigger than average phone buttons, for those of us with fat fingers.  Also, my mom, who can't see much without her reading glasses can actually see the numbers on the "dialpad" without putting on her glasses.  So, I just ordered a phone for her, too!  This is an awesome deal, considering that the 1 year 400 minute card costs $100 at Walmart.  So, the phone with a gel back and a car phone charger was a $101.40, and I'll give her a screen protector from me since they come as a 3-pack.  So, a win-win situation!  If you're worried about whether the phone will work in your area, go to Tracfone's website and put in your area code and they'll give you a list of the phones that will work where you live.  I live in the boondocks of Northcentral Wisconsin and the phone works great!  The few roads that I drive on where there's no service, it only lasts about 2 minutes and then I have service again.

I am now on hold with customer service AGAIN after 2+ hours today!!!  I am trying to set up my voice-mail on my new Tracfone, and it is not working.  I have suggested that perhaps this particular phone has a defect and may need to be replaced - but they keep telling me that all is fine - however after 2 hours today and 1 hour last week, 5 different cust. service reps, and almost an hour worth of wasted minutes calling my voice mail to see if it is finally working - still not working.  I press the numbers on the dial keys, and voice mail doesn't acknowledge them - a defect right???  I am now on my "4th higher up tech." level after each lower tech must spend over 30 minutes going through "protocol" reading off a script the entire time - repeating scripted words over and over and never having the vocabulary to answer any questions/concerns off their notes.  This is ridiculous and VERY frustrating.  I was originally really excited about this phone; but now I am hoping that I can easily return it through Amazon for a full refund.Note:  I was unaware that calling voice mail to retrieve messages uses paid minute time.  This is a negative thing in my opinion.  It takes a minimum of 1 minute to call in to voice mail and then more minutes wasted as it always takes you through prompts each and every time - then add any minutes that the message left may be - if your friends/family leave long messages, the paid minutes can go quite quickly - one phone call leaving instructions can be 5 minutes or more.In addition to the faulty voice mail other negatives include:It takes a long time for the phone to turn on.  I chose tracfone because I mostly want a cel phone for emergencies and coordinating with friends when at large events/places such as Disneyland etc.  However, the phone takes so long to turn on, that if I was in an emergency, it would not be effective.The screen takes a lot of pressure to scroll/access functions.There is a secure/lock feature that can be turned off for the main phone, but not for dialing out calls - including calling voice mail.  According to 5 different service techs., this feature cannot be removed/turned off and is part of the phone.  This is especially annoying when calling voice mail since it locks up the screen every 3-5 seconds;  makes it challenging to follow the prompts because in between every prompt, the screen locks and then it hangs up because I can't push the numbers in time since the screen is locked - UGH!Customer service is HORRIBLE!  Nice people, but inefficient with all their processes and forced limited scripts.  Still on hold while I write this as I am being transferred FINALLY to a manager after talking to: Redilyn, Sweetie, Charity, Chad (a woman), Erning and Elbisa (each spelled out their names for me)......I will include an update if this issue ever gets resolved.  In the meantime, I have wasted over 50 minutes of my pre-paid time calling voice mail as directed over and over and over and over again and several hours of my time talking with customer service reps and being put on hold as I am transferred to different levels of "higher tech support".I am not satisfied with this product and cannot recommend it to anyone.  I am jealous of the reviewers who have had no problems and love their phone.  I may just have a lemon, but if this is the case, it is way too hard to get it replaced.  I would not risk it again.  No to Tracfone.

I activated phone online at tracfone site to get 20min/60days w/new phone number, then went back online and added seller-supplied pin w/250 promo code that I found on internet for 1470min/425days.  Later called customer service to transfer my minutes and service from my old tracfone phone to my new tracfone.  I got this phone with at&t; sim and version V10e software from shopcelldeals on ebay (excellent seller).  Phone was delivered promptly and came in sealed retail plastic blister pack.I bought this phone for its large screen for Google Maps.  After some searching got Google Maps installed as trusted app but the map is not touch enabled so I must use  keypad for navigation that consumes 1/2" screen space at bottom.  Ran Google maps with traffic (slow) and even 360 streetview (very slow); before moving map, I turn traffic off then back on; numeric commands 1/2/3/7 work well.Installed Opera Mini 7 and also 4 as trusted browser apps.  Opera Mini 7 is slow to boot and much less responsive than 4  but is more convenient, e.g. has password manager.  I got the old browser icon off the desktop but couldn't get icons on the desktop for Opera Mini or Google Maps.  Neither Opera Mini nor Google Maps have terminated unexpectedly, as they did on my prior phone which had insufficient storage.It is difficult to use automated phone services which require keypad tones because the phone keeps locking and sometimes I have to re-boot phone to get tones generated. The phone also tended to generate tones that are long in duration, not recognized by my automated service.  Maybe in a later software version these defects will be corrected.  I also don't like having to use two hands to push the power switch on edge of cell phone (to unlock screen or to turn off/on phone); the power switch also requires a precise push.I still make mistakes performing the correct touch screen motions, e.g. I have to apply firm pressure to scroll through my contacts;  too little and the screen won't move; if I accidentedly release my finger too soon the phone will present a contact for viewing or dial the number.  Alternatively, I can use the red scroll bar on the right but I have to make sure I touch the exact correct spot.  It is like learning to play a finicky musical instrument but first I have to discover how to play it.It still sometimes takes me a moment to realize the exit button isn't on the touch screen, that I have to press the physical middle button at the bottom of the phone.  In addition, I wasn't able to change the giant font of contacts; nor could I rename groups (restored after re-boot).If I had just needed a phone w/o internet, I definitely would not have bought this touch phone.

This is my second LG800G phone.  The first one has DMFL, so I am well pleased that this one has TMFL plus the 1200 minutes on a one year card that comes with it. In addition I received 250 bonus minutes with a code I had. Love this phone.

This looks like a smart phone, but it's pretty basic.  I never have made sense out of the mobile web function, but I don't care.  I basically use it to talk or text.  The worst part is the lousy documentation and virtually no support from Tracfone.

This is the best deal I found anywhere on the LG800G !!!I was due to add minutes to my other Tracfone, but I upgraded to this phone and got Triple Minutes instead of the double that came with my old phone.Best part is this was cheaper than the One Year minutes for my old phone would have been.I called the 800# that came with it and gave the person the minutes code that came with the phone. The phone was activated and working in less than 10 minutes !!!

Just a regular ole track phone. This is my 2nd one, due to me damaging the 1st. This one turns off by itself, without knowing. Also hard to wake it from being in sleep mode for very long. Lastly, I keep it in lock mode all the time. It somehow comes outta lock mode, only for me to find it has dialed anyone in my contact list. I will not get another. I'd rather go without, than to have this thing again.

RECEIVED LG800G ABOUT APRIL 27.  AFTER ACTIVATION COULD NOT DETERMINE HOW TO OBTAIN PROMISED 1200 MINUTES & 365 DAYS TIME. INSTRUCTIONS FOR OBTAINING 1200 MINUTES WERE MISSING. LESS THAN ONE HOUR AFTER SENDING NEGATIVE REVIEW PROBLEM WAS RESOLVED.  CONGRATS TO AMAZON & SHOPCELLDEALS FOR SUPERB CUSTOMER SERVICE.  THANKS FOR YOUR HELP! RB

just wanted an emergecy phone with net 10 and cheap.  This one is a great buy for the price and

I bought mine in Feb. 2013 as a replacement for my 6 yr old Tracfone.  I'm in my 40's and wanted something more technologically advanced.  I read all of the instructions on the packaging and because I had previous experience with Tracfone, I also had a one year card already purchased and ready to go at activation. I transferred my old phone number to the new phone -which also transferred the minutes I had left on the old phone and my previously set up voicemail-(called during early afternoon hours)& my triple minutes were added within 20 minutes or so.This phone has an incredible amount of features and I am still learning how to use them all.  The camera is not the best in low light situations and takes ok pictures but you can edit them, which I was surprized and pleased to learn. Playing with the phone for awhile will teach you a lot.  For instance, I was irritated with the fact that I kept accidentally hitting the internet browser until I discovered that you can hide it and this will no longer be a problem.  I had problems with my e-mail fitting on the screen, so I have since given up on trying to check my e-mail with it.  But there are lots of other things that I use it for, successfully.  Texting on the querty keyboard is awesome!  I really sucked at texting before and now I can keep up with most people, in conversation.I liked this phone so much that I broke down and bought one for my 11 yr old son who had been begging me for a phone, ad-nauseum.  It enables me to keep in touch with him while I'm at work without disturbing anyone else, and now he teaches me about things I didn't know about the phone.This phone would have received 5 stars from me except for 2 things:  Both my son and I have noticed that the phone will shut itself off and then turn itself back on, sometimes.... usually when we are texting fast and furiously. It doesn't happen all the time, just sometimes.  The second thing is the autolock feature that locks the phone up and you have to press it all the time to do anything with the touchscreen.  My son told me you can disable it by going to menu/settings/phone/autolock -and select never.  (However, you may want this feature on in your pocket or purse so you don't accidentally dial people).Bottom line.....this is a great phone for the money.  I paid 29.00 for mine and 19.99 for my son's triple minute phone.  The year card is best for start up since you may lose track of time and it's a pain to remember to renew the time as well as the minutes..... and it would have been very expensive to buy a 200.00 phone and pay a monthly bill.Oh, and one more thing... I live in a rural area and commute 54 miles to work one way, and I get service 99% of the time.  You will want to check your area to make sure you get good service coverage with your cell carrier.

There is no keyboard for texting or web browsing. You have to use the number pad for all text entry. What is the use of getting a touch screen if you don't have a keyboard?

While this is not a &#34;real&#34; smart phone, it is a good introduction into touch screen phones.  It does all I was looking for.  The price of the phone with the 1200 triple minutes was less that the cost of just the minutes for my old phone

Bought this phone for my 83 year old mother-in-law who is in a nursing home. She's a technically challenged person but she managed to master the basic functions of the phone and keep in contact with her friends. The 1200 included minutes and triple minutes for life makes this phone affordable for her.

Customer service is atrocious and I have spent over 10 hours trying to get a phone that works - I have now been through three phones due to the fact that they kept sending out the wrong sim card. Even though I signed up for international calls they rarely work. and I have lost many minutes trying to make these international calls work, despite typing in the 11 or so digit numbers prior to trying to make the calls. I was told that it won't work. As soon as I am out of minutes,I will purchase a different phone and would never recommend this particular phone to anyone, Despite being informed that I could set and keep the international dialing code as one of my preferred numbers, which I did,, It still doesn't work for international calls.Also when the phone is in my purse, despite the volume being turned to it's highest setting it is still impossible to hear resulting in many missed important calls and hassle at work because of this.

I love this phone.  Has so many features and cannot beat the price.  My husband also liked it so he decided to buy one for himself.

best phone,best deal,paid $99.xx get 425 days plus 1,240 mins.included tripple minutes for life+4 GB sandisk .( like.. buy 60 mins you will get 180 mins automaticly) took 3 days to arrive.if you want tracfone.i would like to suggest, first ,check on tracfone.com to make sure it works in your area.then buy online on amazon.com (better than their website or in store).package came with all instructions you need ,short and easy plus 40 mins pin # for free. activate online on [...] is the best way,took me less than 5 mins to finished everything,ready to use.i would recommend to everyone ...cheap,no contract, camera etc. i give this phone and the seller  5 stars.

tried 5 times to get local phone number, bad customer support. bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad.

This is a good phone for what I need.  I need only make calls from time to time and use it as a mp3 player.  I removed the mini sd card from my verizon phone and put it in the lg and it was able to read the music and photo files.  Then I just hooked up the two phones via bluetooth and transfered my contacts from the verizon phone to the tracfone phone.  April verizon gets turned off and now more contracts.  I only use 200 minutes a month and so this will work great for me.  A co-worker suggested the tracfone because in this area he delivers news papers in rural areas and needs service on his phone and this is the only phone that works in many areas in his route.  The only negetive I have at this time is the screen locks up when calling voice mail and you have to unlock it to enter password.  other reviewers might have an answer for this so I'll double check.  I did use a pencil to calibrate the top screen and I haven't had any issues with touch accuracy.  There is a handwriting feature that allows you to text by writing the letters which is nice at times.  the Qwerty keyboard is accessible to text message but when adding contacts I couldn't find the option but you can go to handwritten mode and that is better then tapping the number keys 2-4 times to get the letter you want.  All in all a nice phone.

Nice phone but couldn't be used in the area it was purchased for so it is sitting here unused and useless.

I've been using tracphone for a couple years now and have never heard of triple minutes. I was a little doubtful that I would get the 1200 minutes and tripple minutes for life, but it worked. I was also able to get the phone# from my old tracphone and get the minutes from it too. I really like this phone. Doesn't have any apps, but it works great for what it has. I really love the touchpad also. The touchpad is like a cross between a iphone and a blackberry-- you have to press for your touch to register, but the movements and such are alot like the ipad touch I have. I really with there was GPS app, but no luck. This phone gets great reception in my area, works great with my bluetooth headset, and it's battery lasts three times as long as my old phone. Definitely worth the 109 for the purchase.FYI-- They have a paper attached to the phone, still new in its case, with a special code that you have to enter to get the tripple minutes for life + 1200 minutes. I had no problem using it.

Great phone+1200 min 1 year of service for $85. The phone is reliable. I used the same model for a year and still works good.

The phone had "most" of the features that I was looking for without spending a fortune. This was the first one that didn't have a full qwerty keyboard but allowed a touch screen that worked as one for sending text messages.I like the slim, and compact size.  I do recommend purchasing a case for extra protection on the phone.

Great deal on the minutes, bought for the QWERTY. Nice touch-screen interface. Unfortunately, the upside of this phone is outweighed by problems with texting. In an area deemed by Tracfone as "the best area for reception," the phone began to receive duplicate text messages (hundreds of them) that rendered the phone useless for in/out texting. It is unclear what causes the problem, but possibly texts long enough to trigger splitting them into two. This problem can go on for days and recurs often. Tracfone customer service was unable to fix the problem, after many hours spent on the phone with them. When they "elevate" the call to a specialist who has better capability to provide a solution, the specialist must call back according to an appointment time, which they missed by three hours. After rescheduling, they never called again, and claimed to have no record of the elevation. We attempted to resolve this in three four-plus-hour phone sessions with Tracfone, to no avail. And they never offered or agreed to replace the phone when I suggested that as a solution.Not usually one to complain, but fair warning: This appears to be a problem with this model, since our simple Samsung slider never had these problems. Bought three for the family -- one has had no problems (short texter in a different zip code), one has occasional problems, and the third one (nothing but problems) from the "best area" zip code seems to have finally stopped duplicating and will now allow accumulated texts through after driving out of the zip code. Go figure.Update to review: Son went to college and immediately began to experience the same text problems (used in an "excellent coverage" zone). Spent another 3+ hours with Tracfone customer service (in addition to the 12+ logged hours trying to fix the same problem with my daughter's phone at college - didn't get fixed - and they insisted they had no record of our previous calls, until I read back the transcripts from those calls - long story, but yes I had the whole thing). Tracfone finally agreed to replace our phones but refused to replace my son's with a triple-minute since their system showed him as only having double minutes, instead sending a reconditioned phone that is not even on the list for our zip code. And just today, my daughter began having the same multiple-receipt of same texts again. Such a frustrating experience. Be wary; weigh how dependable you want the phone to be, and verify upon activation that you will indeed receive 3x minutes when you add minutes, or you may be very disappointed. Extremely frustrating experience. Rude customer service.

Use this for a backup phone and when it was time to renew the minutes tracfone even renewed the unexpired minutes remaining.

I am a senior citizen who was skeptical of upgrading to a touch screen cell phone. I received my new LG800g tracfone yesterday and was pleasantly surprised at the ease of entering information. The phone is definitely user friendly. I am also very happy with the size and comfort of the phone. I would highly recommend this phone to any age group. I would like to especially thank the customers that take the time to write the reviews, this had made a huge impact on my deciding to purchase items.

very good so far, no key pad, just touch screen. afraid that the screen will quit.  so far so good though.

I was skeptical about the triple minutes and the 1200 minutes with the phone. However, after porting my old number to tracfone, I had 1300 minutes and 424 service days. To check the triple minutes, I bought 30 minutes and got 90. I would highly recommend this to people who find their cell service to be too expensive.

The only reason i bought this over my previous tracfone was that with the triple minutes for life I could throw away the few hundred minutes I had left at the end of the year and still come in cheaper for next year. I've been using these phones for 3 years now and know that give or take a little I use about 3 minutes per day on average.  For this level of usage these are great phones.  If your usage is much higher (and if you use SMS or web a lot it will be) get a better plan.A hint - remove the web icon from the front screen if you don't intend to use it regularly.  I've accidentally tapped it a few times, costing .50 units each time.Only real drawback that had bothered me with this phone - no Qwerty keyboard, not even a soft one.Update: 9.5 months later, I have 94 days left and 550 minutes remaining.  Looks like I actually stayed under my self-imposed quota.  I believe the spare minutes carry over if you renew in time.  Maybe next year I'll use 4 minutes per day or actually start reading the SMSs people send me :-)

Automatically gave me triple minutes for life. The only bad thing is that it worked for 24 hours then I tried to call the phone and got a message that said this number is not recognized.  I got the phone and it said unregestered SIM on the screen and when you try to make a call, a page saying "restriction-34" comes up.  I called tracfone and they said the phone I received was not for my area but they are sending me a new one that will work in my area.  Supposedly are sending me a sase with free return shipping to return this one back to them.  And they assured me that it will be new and not reconditioned, but will take 5 to 7 business days to receive it.  The seller here on Amazon had the phone to me in 2 days.  So if you don't mind waiting to be sure it works in your area, it is an awesome deal.  Just be sure to wait at least 24 hrs after your number is changed to this phone before you decide to depend on this phone because if it says "Unregistered SIM" the phone will not make or receive calls or web. Works the same as no minutes on the phone even though the minutes balance was 1450 and doesn't expire until Sept 3 of 2013. I activated it on July,5th 2012 (I got that many minutes by using  tracfone 250 free minute coupon. Just google it.) Tracfone said all minutes will still transfer to the new phone.

It was exactly what I had ordered and I had no problems getting it setup and it shipped quickly.I would drdefinitely reorder this phone again and it was a great deal with triple points and the year card included.

I'm pleased with the phone..it keeps a charge for long time, sounds clear but still getting used to the features still. Wish they had more colors of skin covers beside hot pink & black. the images on it are very clear too. good price & service all in one but their tech support people can give misinformation because the manual doesn't inform the buyer that you will be issued several activation codes to get it activated.. meanwhile you might believe that the 1st one didn't take & keep inputting several codes & starting over needlessly!

I bought this phone for my son while he is in college. It is inexpensive phone for someone who is not a overly talker. It will last a long while. Even if they are talkers the triple min is wonderful for life of the phone. My boy friend bought one and loves his so I bought my son one worth the price. Saving min is worth it.

bought this as a gift for my grandson.  He loves the phone, says it works great and is easy to use.

After using my original $10 tracfone for over 5 years, decided to upgrade.  The price offered with the minutes was like getting it for free.  The phone set up, minute and number transfer took a phone call; as I could not get it done on-line.  Took longer awaiting a service rep, than it did for her to get me set up.  The only complaint I have is the phone locks up after 10 seconds, no matter how I set it.  Annoying at times when having to use key pad on calls to access info or transfer the call.

I get a new 400 min card each year for my Tracfone. My phones have all been double mins so that often will last me the year (not a big phone user, I just like to be connected). Some years I upgrade the phone as well bringing my yearly cost from $100 to $130. I was wondering how smooth this new phone would activate with my old number, transfer my minutes and add the 400x3=1200 minutes to my balance. With this price I figured even if the triple minutes didn't work i am still getting a good deal. Anyway, within 10minutes of getting the phone, I was able to do all the above on the Tracfone website. I have not tried to add more minutes since, so I don't know if the triple minutes for life is still working but so far this has exceeded my expectations.I love the phone as well, coming from the Moto W376g phone. After manually typing in my 50 contacts! I realized they are both Bluetooth and was able to connect them!Pros,I can rapidly scroll through the contacts on the touch screen, unlike the W376g.Useful calender feature with alarms, i actually use this.Aded a 4Gb microSD card and can connect to my PC. Loaded a bunch of music and it is a decent music player for my car. I plug the 3.5mm into my radio AUX port.Calls sound good.Much better camera than the Moto W376g, but not nearly as good as an iphone or Android.Poor video capability, but it can at least do it.Functional web browsing (I run BOLT for my browser not the built in one, it only connects when it has to to save balance).Easy to load Java apps from my PC, this is only possible when you add the microSD card.Snapping a photo and sending in an email was more obvious then the W376g. Some times I would select the wrong format on the W376g and the picture was stripped with out me knowing. This phone I had success right away.Cons,Definitely needs a screen protector and there is little available that is made for the LG800g, I ended up using a generic cut to shape kit.Does not have all the features of a smart phone, especially screen resizing with finger tips.unit is a bit slow at times, so it may appear unresponsive.Need to order a protector, again small market so I ordered online.Uses a micro-B USB as opposed to a mini-B connector the W376g used. need to get new charger for the car.Documentation stinks. I took me a ahile to figure out how to add vibrate to the phone ring, easy on my last phone. t is buried in the "Profiles" menu which is hard to find as well.Once I learned the basics i am actually enjoying playing with this phone. This is the first phone that i may use up my minutes before the year is up since the web access is adequate.

This is a great phone. 1200 minute,used a promo code and got 200 more plus 150 extra because I had to call customer service to update the phone. 1550 minute total super happy! Oh almost forgot 365 days of service too!

Got this on a super deal!  It was easy to set up and we love that it has triple minutes!

I have had tracfone service for about 10 years.  I really like this phone.  I boughtone for myself and then ordered another for my neice.  I have had a couple of problems.  One I get a lot of failed texts and two it sometimes shuts itself off that has only happened three times twice in airports and once at home and only whensending texts

We had previously been Tracfone customers for a number of years and liked it very much.  When we wanted to upgrade our phones, both my husband and I have them, we found this one.  We were delighted to find phones with the 1200 minutes & Triple Minutes for Life already included. With the price of the phone including 1200 minutes and the Triple Minutes for Life, it was like getting the phone for free!  Knowing we would continue to use Tracfone, buying a years minutes at a time was a no-brainer for us.  The phone itself has not been all we could hope for, it didn't get as strong a signal in our area as our old Tracfone did, and the touch sensitivity was not the best. However, it was an upgrade over our earlier phones and after we learned how to turn off some of the features we didn't need, it did work better for us .  Since we don't use the camera, or the web on it, we use it basically as a phone, it was a terrific buy for us for the price with the minutes and the triple minutes for life features included.

For the user who is not a tech addict, this phone is great, with the addition of the micro card, it is easy to personalize as well, love it!

The Tracfone comes with a single 8 1/2 X 11 sheet of paper that explains how to acquire the minutes.  This is done on the cell phone and not by contacting Tracfone.  Tracfone can activate the cell phone and provide a telephone number, but they do not activate the minutes.  I now have learned something more about technology processes.  Fast delivery, excellent deal and great customer service!

Perfect deal for a very simple and good phone, if you need a real useful phone and Tracfone's services are available in your area. Buy it. The package is perfect for a kid too.

new phone ,only one day old still need to learn had a old Tracfone for many years,tribble minutes great ideaBarbel

This is a great deal and my third triple minute tracfone. I give 'em out for gifts. Buy now, folks.

I've been using this phone for a couple of years and it's been a great phone for the price. I especially like being able to get 400 minutes (tripled to 1,200) and a year of service for only about $80. However, if I was buying today I'd go with the LG 840G or ZTE Valet instead. The LG 840G costs only a little more than the LG800G and includes some really useful new features, such as WiFi (which allows you to surf the web without using up minutes). The ZTE Valet costs a bit more (~$60-75), but has WiFi and is an Android phone, meaning that you can download tons of apps.

I am enjoying my new Tracfone LG800G - it meets my needs and is fun to use.  I am not a heavy cell phone user but enjoy being able to either text or call.  The screen is a good size for me, and I really like being able to purchase triple minutes for life.

I purchased this phone from HSN less then 4 months ago.  It sometimes would not turn on.  I didn't think anything of this until now.  It just died.  I still had 1100 minutes left on the phone.  HSN is refusing to stand behind this product even though there are other compalints on their website about the same thing.  That's a very poor marketing strategy in this economic atmosphere.  I told their customer service I will no longer purchase anything from them.  I would rather pay a higher price to a retailer that stands behind the products they sell.  Obviously HSN was aware that this was a faulty product.

My mom is not into gadgets at all, but when she saw how fun my iPhone was, she wanted to trade-up her ancient candybar-style Nokia for something a little "cooler."  Granted, she hardly uses her cell phone in the first place and thought an iPhone would be too much for her, so after quite a bit of research, I discovered that this LG 800G would be a nice "step up" for her, especially since she didn't want a 2-year-contract with one of the bigger mobile companies.This 3rd party seller has one of the last batches of "Triple Minutes for Life" phones...I think Tracfone themselves is only offering "Double Minutes for Life", so this is a really great deal.  Upon activation I tested the bonus feature by adding a 30-Minute card, and sure enough, the phone was credited with 90 minutes instead.  Plus, the phone already comes with 1200 minutes and a year of activation.  What an awesome deal!Remember, this phone is NOT an iPhone by any stretch of the imagination, but it does a good job of mimicking one for the casual phone user just looking for an upgrade.  It's not as touch-sensitive as an iPhone either, but my mom is fine with that, she's too busy playing music and watching videos of her grandchildren on it.  (By the way, message if you want to know how to get high-quality videos on it.  It involves a little bit of encoding software and a memory card, but it's worth it to get the most out of the phone!)

This tracfone has the poorest reception of any I have had.  It continually cuts in and out.  At it's best, the voice quality is very poor.

The software on this phone makes it virtually unusable, when you need to enter numbers when responding to automated call centres it is a nightmare. Don't buy this product

Phone is amazing, best available for tracfone! I ordered this phone and it came the next day! very fast shipping. Minutes worked as well as airtime. DO NOT LISTEN TO THE OTHER REVIEWERS SAYING THAT MINUTES NEVER CAME. More than likely they screwed something up and were incapable of adding the minutes using the given instructions.I recommend 100% Its like getting the phone for free. 1200 minutes would cost with a year of airtime the same amount as this bundle!

I almost never order because all the negative comments. Thank god, I ordered and took a chance. People have problem that they couldn't get 1200  minutes, I bet my one cent that it is their mistake. I ordered more than 3 over the years which save tons of cents. Thank you for beautiful phone, minutes & triple minute with unbeatable price.

I love this phone. I've had it for almost a month and had no problems. It is a lot better quality than I thought it would be. I was hesitant to buy it because it seemed like way too good of a deal to be true. I thought there had to be something wrong with the phone or something, but so far so good. It has so many good features and it is easy to text on since if has a full keypad unlike my other tracfone. Since I do not talk on the phone much, all these minutes (1200) will probably last me a year. A cell phone for only $85 a year-what a deal!!

The LG800G phone is an easy to use phone with many nice features. However, if you plan to port a landline phone number to a Tracfone plan on being very, very, very patient. It only took me 2 1/2 months. I couldn't get it accomplished through the phone number that they provide. It cost me addition out-of-pocket expenses. Once I was able to track down an address for their corporate headquarters, I had very good personal service. They had the phone working properly within 2 days, followed up to make sure it was working, and reimbursed me for my additional costs.

I don't use my cell phone often.  I really just want it for emergencies.  So a no contract plan was what I wanted.  My old phone was a flip phone with no features & it was dying.  This one is really very nice.  I can even go online.  It's easy to use by a senior citizen like me.  I'd buy it again.

I upgraded and switched my other tracfone number and service online at tracfone, while near the end i put in the triple minutes. In about 15 min i had everything working. Super nice phone so far, i had it a week now and love it!!! Bought screen protector and memo mini card 4GB. Need to get a CAR charger as i did not come with it !!!!

Phone arrived speedily, Activated the phone and received one year of service and 1200 minutes plus entered another bonus code and received an extra 200 minutes for 1400 minutes. As others have said, instead of a card you receive a sheet of paper with the codes and activation instructions. Very easy to do. Love the phone though still learning all the features. It is the best Tracfone yet I have used. Keypad is a little small slowing down texting quite a bit (I have big fingers) but the keys are larger than the LG 500 it replaced. Great deal and a great phone. The price was cheaper that purchasing the one year service card itself from Tracfone. Highly recommend.

I activated the LG800g and I haven't looked back.  The phone is complicated but it's fun to use and works extremely well. I can always hear it ring & never lose calls.  It is the nicest phone I've used.

Tracfone LG LG800G with 1200 Minutes and Triple Minutes for Life!! (Tracfone)I purchased this phone in early July to carry as an emergency phone and for traveling. It's my first touchscreen phone, so I had no experience with high end phones to compare it to. My main interest was having an inexpensive no contract phone that would support texting, and serve as a backup to my landline. This phone is perfect in that regard. I'm not using it for web access, so I can't speak to that function.Online activation went without any problems, and it worked well on a trip to Michigan this summer. The 1 year service with triple minutes is going to be exactly what I needed for my usage. When the phone arrived and I was setting it up, my husband got really interested in it and ordered one for himself. Both phones have good call clarity, and hold a charge for about a week if powered on 24/7.If you're looking for an economical cellphone and dislike contracts, this is a great option.Update: July 2013It's been a full year since I purchased this phone, still operates as well as last summer. Can't recommend it enough, and I'll be purchasing more time / minutes soon. No upgrade needed here!

My 1st phone broke within 2-3wks of owning it so I called the company and it took 6 attempts by phone to have them send me a new phone, transfer my # and transfer minutes left on 1st broken phone. Also, I bought a triple minutes for life they would only offer me as a replacement double minutes for life. The 2nd phone broke in 1 weeks time, the screen just went black and it was damn near impossible to text on the phone when it was working because the buttons always got stuck. NEVER AGAIN !

My daughter has been using this phone for 6 months, and she loves it. So we decided to upgrade to this phone from our clamshell phones at the end of holiday season. We have been tracfone users over 6 years, with this new phone, our experience with the company is more satisfactory. It was very easy to transfer both my wife and my numbers to the new phone by calling customer service center. With promotion code, we have a new phone with 1400 min and 425 days. As the touch function, it is not as responsive as my ipod touch, which is expected. But it is good enough to me. I also have a 4g microSD card loaded with my favorite songs and audiobooks in the phone, so I can enjoy the music or audiobooks on the go. The voice recorder is another function I used a lot. I can record lectures in a big auditorium, even though the quality is not great, but it is good enough to me. All in all, a great deal.update on 02/11/2012:After using the LG800G for over a month, my family have fallen into the love with this little phone. However, the accuracy of the touch screen is really not very impressive. I had to use a ballpen or a stylus to key in a message. Somehow, I found out a trick to improve the touch precision recently: to calibrate the touch screen using the tip of a sharp pencil or ballpen, do not use your finger. When you are calibrating with the pencil, try the best to make the blue dot match the red dot. Then you will find the accuracy of typing is dramatically improved. All three phones of my family have been calibrated in this way, and my daughter is really excited with the new typing experience with re-calibrated phone. That is my two cents to share with you.

hi, I got my LG800 Tracfone from Amazon with 1000+ free minutes and triple minutes for life.  the touch is fantastically responsive.But right to the question before anything else.  Unlike with my previous Tracfones, I can't find any setting for "home" or "roaming."  Does anyone know how to do this?The manual is skimpy on information about advanced settings, and I cannot find an online tutorial that is complete.

ok... for what you pay... not mac compatible...touch screen is a bit finicky, using phone the screen closes and if you want to leave a voicemailit's tricky to get to dailpad...not mac compatible and they don't tell you the usb cord won'twork on a mac... phone will not be recognized and  will not come up in finder... work around isusing bluetooth ... that's how I loaded songs to my home computer's Itunes and then to my IPod.Browser still not working.If you want a phone and texting fine with triple minutes. (I had no problem transferringnumber and getting minutes)If you want a smart phone features spend more.

I received the phone just two days after placing my order.  I purchased the phone as an upgrade to my old TracFone on which I had just exhausted my minutes and had only 10 days of service left.  No problems transferring my number to the new phone.Only one small glitch - the PIN provided for the 400 minute card/1 year of service ( = 1200 min tripled) was incorrect (received a 200 minute/90 day PIN by mistake).  The customer service folks at ShopCellDeals promptly fixed this problem and added some extra minutes as well.  Thanks ShopCellDeals.As for the LG800 phone itself, I'm neutral, but it is a nice upgrade of some features over my older phone.  All in all, I spent less money getting this new phone than I would have adding minutes to my old one.  A great deal!

I use this phone for infrequent calls and it seems like a good deal for a year of service.My main issue with this phone is that buttons are getting pressed when it's in my pocket, causing it to randomly call people and waste my minutes.  I guess we had better watch what we say since the phone might have called somebody.  :-)I would switch back to a flip-phone if Tracfone offered a decent one.  At least the buttons would be covered.On a few occasions, the phone powered itself off and could not be turned on.  It was necessary to remove and reinstall the battery to get the phone working again.Also, if you use another phone to check your voicemail instead of wasting your Tracfone minutes, note that the phone will still indicate that you have voicemail messages even after you've deleted them using another phone.  It seems that you need to call voicemail from this Tracfone (wasting a minute or two) to clear this.

Had trouble with dtmf tones like those used for ivr systems. Such  as checking voicrmail. Have to shutdown and restart if they do not work. It is a pain. For the price I can't complain.

This is a fine phone unless you are on your phone 2 and 3 hours a day. I tend to use a cell phone when I can not get to a land-line. 1200 minutes will last me a year. I only hope I will be able to find minutes for a year when they runn out. Buying minutes every 90 days sneaks up on you quickly.

Bought 2, one for my wife and one for my 20 year old college student son.  My wife's battery had gone dead on her Verizon phone and they wanted $50 for a new batter alone.  My wife and son love them.  They aren't the 'Top of the line' smart phones but they do ever thing that a normal human could want for an amazing price.  Neither of them uses a great deal of minutes, so 1200 minutes a year is good enough.  The cost for a year of service and 1200 minutes is less than $150.  That is less than three months service on their old plans.The battery life is amazing for such an inexpensive phone.  It uses some really intelligent power management to preserve the charge.I would buy a silicone cover for the phone.  It is not as sturdy as a $400 phone.  Buy the USB cable if you plan on hooking up to your computer.The one thing you need to know is that they will only accommodate a 4GB memory card.  Do not believe the ads that say you can buy any thing larger for this phone.  I have  32,16, and 8GB cards that I bought trying to get one to work sitting on my desk which the phone will no recognize when inserted.  If anyone has been able to get a larger card to work, please let me know by commenting on this comment.If you are looking for a cheap PDA not to be used as a phone, this is the cheapest thing I have seen.

This was cheaper than a one year card for my old double minute phone which would have given me 800 minutes.  So far everything works great.  Even my fat fingers can use the onscreen keyboard.

we got one a few months ago and liked it so much we got another for our grand doughters to share they love it too

This is a great phone as long as you're not expecting a smart phone. I've been a Tracfone custome for nearly a year and wanted to upgrade from double minutes to a triple minutes phone. The touch screen, though not flawless, is exceptionally good for a phone this price. I was worried when I first received the phone because the packaging says "DOUBLE MINUTES" so I'm already thinking to send the phone back. But this LG800G has the latest software version so when you input the pin taped to the underside of the packaging, you get the 1200 minutes using the 400 minute card. I then bought a 30 miute card and received the 30 minutes plus 60 bonus minutes. So don't worry too much if the package says double minutes. Just follow the instructions. If you are trasferring a number, you can do it durng the initial set up. The signal is as good as what I had with the LG420. Voice is very clear. It even recognizes script for messaging. I've only had this phone for a week, but so far, I'm very happy with it.@ years and I have had to replace the battery. But they're cheap (under $5) and its still going strong. Links up automatically to my Tom Tom's bluetooth for handsfree calls.

this is was great decision for my 11 year old.  He isn't ready for a full time phone.  It looks like the other phones and allows him to text and I don't have to worry about him going over the limit.  When he uses the minutes all up, no more texting.  Great reception, easy to use.

I've had this phone for nearly a year now and here is how I see it has faired:1) Pocket dialing - aka - butt dialing.  This phone is prone to it if you carry it in your pocket.  I have mine in the front pocket and I've lost many minutes either to phone calls or having text messages getting re-sent.2) Screen is getting decently scratched - it still is readable, but I'm thinking if I continue to have this phone, in another 6 months it won't be.3) texting and just plain navigation - this isn't like the Ipad and tablets - it can use a stylis pen and still work.  I find at times the scrolling to be a pain the neck.  It works about 25% of the time for me, most of the time it goes the other way or to some other place that I don't want.  Numbers/letters are sometimes put in wrong due to the location it thinks I touch - and yes, I've re-calibrated it several times and still the same result.A few good things1) Triple minutes - yes, that is the best thing about this phone and the main reason I got it - plus the thickness is nice too.2) Battery life is pretty decent3) Volume - well, I think it might have been what I had it set to, but now seems better.4) Alarm clock - nice feature to set certain days to wake you up - although with the pocket dial my clock got disabled and changed the other morning and I didn't catch it - luckly I woke up about 15 minutes late.Would I buy this phone again - Nope, the first reasons above...Now I'm scared to pull the trigger on another phone that has a touch screen for fear of how it behaves with the touch.

Have had this about a month replacing a 4yr old LG600g. Call clarity is better than my lg600g (which was pretty good) Works better in weak signal areas than the LG600g (which was a good phone and worked in places my friends smart phones didn't)  I am very pleased with the lg800g, and triple min are great.  It seems to have longer talk time than the spec claims but that may be related to my usage pattern.  Down side is it goes through the airport type x-ray machine daily and that seems to lock it up? Power off and back on clears it.  Another negative is that the phone only seems to be able to use a 4GB sdhc memory (4 is the smallest I had), and will NOT talk to an 8, or 16gb card (I tried several and several brands no luck).  To me the biggest negative is no 24hr clock mode.  I bought this because triple minuets and the cost was less than the included minuets, a deal I could not say no to; I needed the minuets and got a free phone I liked. NOTE I don't text or cruse the web, I just need a phone to talk on, keep a contacts list and preform light calender functions.  I changed work locations and have no service at work at all zip code 37381. No one else has service on a GSM phone there ether so now I'll be looking for a new CDMA phone maybe a lg505c if its got a 24hr clock. I hate to swap though I'm getting used to the lg800g and mostly like it.  I got the Lg 505c and while it works at work I like the OS and menu system and especially the reject capabilities on the 800g MUCH better.  In areas where both phones work the 800g has superior call quality and the battery life (talk time and standby) is longer.

Sorry to say I bought this phone for christmas, I called right away, and activated and changed old phone number. Phone worked for 10 minutes and then shut off. I called tracphone, and they said I had no minutes to call seller, I called amazon, and they said to email shopcelldeals and that shopcell deals had no phone to email them, Its almost 2 months and 40 phone calls ,and 10 emails later, and still no working phone phone.Everyone says I need order # and amazon order# dosent work, and seller amazon switched me to has no phone. They tell me if I dont get minutes in 60 days from order they are lost.????????????? I wasted hours, and hours on this, is this the future? stall untill time is up?

I was so excited about getting this phone.  What a mistake it was!  I bought it directly from TracFone, thinking that would be the best way to go. Not!Maybe it has to do with where a person lives, but I live in the Tampa Bay area, have had no trouble at all with my previous cell phones, 2 which were cheap TracFones.Most of the time with the LG800 there was no signal, or there would be a signal for a couple calls then none for a couple hours.The online TracFone reps were very patient in trying to help, also the phone reps, (although the phone reps all seem to be in some remote jungle village on the other side of the world).  No one could resolve the issue.I finally gave up & sent it back to TracFone.  I then went to WalMart & bought one of their little $15 jobs, the LG430G.  It works great all the time.

I've had several Tracfones and I like this one the best so far. The voice clarity is excellent, and I like the touch screen even with my stubby fingers.  Battery life seems good, better than my last Samsung 310. Best of all was the price with triple minutes for the life of the phone.

What a deal !  1 year service and a phone and minutes for this price is fantastic. Why would you go to a contract phone with a deal like this.

Just got my order of the Tracfone LG800G in great time (2 days) from this vendor...was expecting a "extra minutes booklet" that seems to be part ofevery tracfone purchase in the past...this one didn't have that booklet...so I would assume that if you purchase this don't expect the extra minutes bookletto be included with a "Triple minutes phone" package...This package does say "Unlimited triple minutes"I'm replacing a Tracfone Motorola W376g with this phone...the W376g was a great phone& I uprgraded to it over 4 years ago when it first came out...been with tracfone since 2003...because I could get a local number for my area...Looking forward otherwise to this new LG800G...it's charging now so I haven't activated it...I'll see if...when I switch my number over to the new phone...if tracfone will send me the"extra minutes booklet" anyway...it only promotes minute purchase's...won't hurt to ask...The phone I recieved today has a manufacture date of 3/12/2012...just so you know what stock you are getting...***I'll also recieved an extra year of service with mine when activating the phone and transfering my present tracfone#to my new LG800g...*** I'm a teckie and so far haven't found a "easy way" with any TRACFONE to transfer the Address book from one phone to another.*** You can load songs...MP3's to this phone...***YOU can asign a song if it is small enough (800 KB or smaller) as a ringtone for a particular person in your address book...the wife and I love that feature***the memory card size max is 4 gigabytes...bought 2 here on amazon for $8 plus shipping...***the memory card fits under the battery...and is accessable to store music or pictures or games on it either of FOUR ways;(1) by the USB port on the phone; (2) via BlueTooth(3) by way of data purchase directly from tracfone or; (4)by removing the back of the phone & the battery and then taking the memory out and using a Mirco SD Memory Reader to transfer yourdata or music or pictures or video from the source...like a PC or Apple computer or...even a printer that has a Memory reader that the Micro SD card will fit in. More I won't mention.***My wife bought a PINK old style phone Reciever & mouth piece (like the old analog dial phones) at W-A-L-M-A-R-T... 4 ten dollars as a joke...it plugs right into the headset port of the LG800g...all she does is reach into her big purse...and pull out this big PINK reciever and talk. She walked out the door talking on her LG800g with this on her shoulder this am.it has a loudness adjust on it and a answer button...very light...may be good for SENIORs (giving my wife a hard time here) who want an easy way to answer the cell phone.

I am very happy with this phone.  It does everything I need (except GPS) for a real bargain price!This phone is a GSM type (uses SIM card).  With tracfone, that means it is "Single Click."  That means, just 1 price even if you're roaming.  The other type of phone (CDMA) can pick up more towers so might have better reception but charges double for roaming.  Also, GSM tracfone phones are eligible for triple minutes, while CDMA can only get double.  My phone came with an AT&T; SIM.I paired my phone with my 2012 RAV4's Bluetooth, and it works seamlessly.  Very nice for this price.While the LG800G can't play Android apps, it does use Java apps.  I haven't tested extensively, but I was able to install and run Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit and Super Mario Planet.  They seem to run fine, although the touchscreen's virtual keypad is difficult to use quickly for gaming.  Google Maps wouldn't work because it needs GPS support, which this phone lacks.As for the title of my review, one can receive extra minutes beyond the 1200 that are included.  To do this, activate the phone on Tracfone's website.  DO NOT enter your PIN during activation (the PIN is included with the phone on a piece of 8.5 x 11 paper).  Tracfone will give you 60 days and 20 minutes free for activating the phone.  Browse the tracfone site to Airtime -> Pay As You Go.  This will bring you to the page where you buy additional minutes, but don't buy any.  Special promo codes are also displayed here.  With luck, you will see a code for extra minutes when you activate a 400 minutes, 1 year card (the included PIN is 400 minutes, tripled = 1200 minutes).  This works with the included PIN, so remember the code.Now click the Add Airtime button on the site and select Add Card Online.  Here, you enter the PIN that came with the phone and there is also a line to enter the promo code.  Complete the transaction, and you get the promo minutes on top of the  1200 plus the extra 20 minutes for activating.  Currently, the promo I see is for 200 minutes (there have been 250 minute promos in the past).  With this deal, you get 1420 minutes that are good for 425 days! (The 60 days for activating are added to the 365 days from your PIN).I can't guarantee that the promo will still be there when you activate your phone, but it's worth a try.Good luck and enjoy your new phone. I am!

$ for $ it is a great buy with the triple minutes. The phone seem to have good coverage . Iam not a big electronics guy ,but useing this phone is easy.

I replaced an older fliptop LG for this model.  I always purchase the one year 1000+ minutes of service.  It would have cost me almost as much to buy another Tracfone year of service card than to buy this entire package!  I've only had it a week or so, but it already runs circles around the phone I'm retiring.  More features, much easier to use, and I love the resolution of the touch screen.  I also purchased a screen cover but have not applied it yet.If you are replacing a phone as I did, I strongly recommend you simply call customer service to transfer both your existing phone number and your existing minutes.  I did wait a bit on hold for the next available service representative, but when my turn came, the representative could not have been more patient, courteous, and accomodating.  She told me it could take a few hours to transfer my leftover minutes, they ended up being transferred before we even finished the call.  And I got an extra 60 days of service from tracfone.I am delighted with my purchase!  And with the speed of delivery from the Amazon seller.

Great phone for a child to learn to use a phone responsibly. The one year of service and 1200 minutes is great. The touch screen is very easy to navigate.

This phone replaced our old 3 year old Tracphone, and it has much better features & easier to use -  good LG brand

I bought the Tracfone 800LG, triple minutes, less than a month ago. This is my 4th Tracfone and I have never had a problem before but this is the 1st 'smart' phone I have bought. I set it up so it would never lock the key pad and set up all options for non-locking. Guess what - the key pad locks up within 5 seconds. I call my voice mail and usually delete before the msg is over but the key pad is locked and I cannot delete. Its a very precise control that you hold the unlock button a few seconds. A bit like Jeopardy, where you are locked out if you cannot press the button perfectly.Another issue is that the 3 weeks I have used it, I was able to answer 2 calls out of 20. I have it set on Press Any Key to answer but I must be a Fat Finger bc it does not work well. Just missed a call from a friend in Africa and I am not returning that call.Another issue is that the back plate does not stay on. I went to the Dollar store and bought a case and when I pull out the phone the back plate flies out. I have yet to try out the camera, web browser bc I cannot even answer the voice or text option.I have never heard the text msg notification even when its in my pocket. I have missed all text msgs so far. I am turning this phone back in and getting another LG Flip phone that has the obnoxious text notification that the neighbors can hear. Turns out I do not need all the bells and whistles but I do need to answer the phone, retrieve messages and get notified of text messages!!!

This is a good product for an amazing price since the 400 minute card alone would cost $99 retail.  The &#34;but&#34; part is due to the fact it doesn't work where I work.  It does work where I live.  Apparently the &#34;G&#34; means it works best around AT&T towers.  I have a LG235C phone and it works great because there is a Verizon tower near where I work. So find out if it will work in your area before you buy.

Love the phone -  still trying to figure out all the goodies - little harder when you are olderbut looks good and works great

First off, I'm frugal and only really want a cell phone in case my car breaks down somewhere or I need to call my family from the grocery store to see if they need me to pick something up.  So for about six bucks a month, I get my cell needs met with this phone with plenty of minutes to spare.  For my middle-aged eyes the keys are easy to see, and the phone is really simple to operate.  However, I live in a mountainous area and the cell phone doesn't work at my house.  My previous similar Tracfone at least got a little bit of coverage.  I also recently had an issue when I was out of state attending a conference.  I was texting my husband who was in the same vicinity about a very urgent matter, and the phone kept dropping the calls.  Very annoying.  My husband's smart phone works fine in all the aforementioned situations where my Tracfone doesn't.  So, with its limitations, it's a good deal.  For people who don't want to walk around with a screen in front of their face 24/7 it will save you some money and meet your needs.  But I may bite the bullet and get a real phone next time ...

Quite pleased (take note that we have been using a Nokia 1610 for over 10 years). Small and highly functional.

This is a very good deal especially if you are looking for a new phone,  need to purchase yearly minutes, or get triple minutes for life. The phone is a nice improvement over previous models. This was purchased  from Amazon and the price was very reasonable.

This was a great buy.  I was able to upgrade my old phone to this one with a lot of cool features.  I got 1200 minutes, a new phone, one year service and triple minutes for life for less than I would have paid to add add just the time and one year service to my old card.  Great deal!

Works as it should ... Can't beat the price with a year of service and 1200 minuets. Transferring your existing Tracfone # and units was easy ... call the 800#. Gt the Micro mem (4gb) to make full use of its features. Fast ship!

I purchased this phone for my 9 year old. He loves it and feels like he has a grown up phone because it's a touch screen.  So far no problems.  Phone cases are hard to find for this phone.

spent alot of time comparing and these minutes were the absolute cheapest with a year to use them.  The phone is ok... well, mostly its great I just haven't gotten the right "touch"

If you order this product be sure to promptly activate the minutes included.  Sometimes the seller sends a pin for the minutes which has already been used by someone else.  If you don't find out promptly, the seller won't help.  Make sure the phone works too.  I don't think the seller is deceptive.  I think the seller may have an inventory control problem, but whatever the reason, any problems found after the Amazon return period may not be resolved.  If you are planning to activate the phone and minutes right away, consider this a 4 star review (1 star withheld because of how difficult it is to activate the phone in my area-YMMV).

The phone came in very quickly,I charged it, installed the min., and it works great.I am very happy with the purchase and the product.I like to keep my phone system simple.

The phone worked ok for a few weeks.  It's not an Iphone but I didn't expect it to be.  Now it has shut itself off and won't turn back on.  The battery is fully charged.  So now it's a $50 brick.

My daughter has gotten the use from this phone and than some.  She takes it everywhere and I am going to get me one. It is definitely worth the price and value recommend this phone to any one.

Well pleased with the purchase from Amazon of the Tracfone LG800G phone with 1200 Min. very easy phone to operate and works great with My 2012 Ford Fusion with Ford Sync

The LG 800g touch screen cell phone is a good buy in my book.I have had other TracFones before with good reliability and function.My other TracFones though have been Motorola's, so this is my first time with LG.The touch screen is very responsive to finger movement, except when you are trying to play the Block game on it.It doesn't like going from one side of the screen to the other weather you press hard or soft or with your fingernail.The battery life is good, and requires recharge about every 4 or 5 days.The text keyboard is small, but very responsive when using it, and it has a lot of tools to help in making text messages.It has many cool tools and add ons, many of which I never use for my daily communications, though they are good to have anyway.For a TracFone, the phone reception is good, though it have the same slight echo as my Motorola had.  Reception is also good.There is some other options and upgrades for the LG 800g, most are available through Amazon, least that I have researched so far.It is a great phone for the money, and I hope to be able to use it for many years to come.

Bought one for myself and one for my wife. We will probably stay under the 100 or so minutes a month this works out to. How can you not love service for about 7.00 a month? Great call quality and enough features to mke the phones fun.

Unfortunately, I have lost the phone and had to order another with 600 minutes. Should arrive on 8/5. I have no complaints otherwise

I got the cell phone, one year of service, and 1200 minutes of talk time for less than a years service and 400 minutes would have cost me at trac fone. It works as advertised. Thanks Bob

I now have two Tracfones. We don't really use them that often, and then mainly for talk. If this is your need, you can't beat Tracfone. You're paying about $8 per month for 100 minutes, including the phone. I've had no issue with reception, and roaming and international calls use the same number of minutes as regular calls on the network. Great deal. Amazon usually has the best price for refill minutes.

I'm not a big texter so this phone has not given me any problems at all. It was easy to go online and activate took about 10 minutes. The phone is easy to work with easy to set and program. I've only had it a week and bought my wife one also she liked the triple minute option.

Used coupon code - 99281 on 2/March/2012 and got 1400 minutes on this triple minutes phone. The coupon will extend the expiration date to 420 days instead of 1 yr/365 days.When you buy this phone you will get a paper with a pin number. This pin will add 400 minutes to your phone. Since your phone is triple minutes phone you will get 1200 minutes.The coupon code says it will add 1000 minutes to your phone as bonus minutes. But same time if you use the coupon it will remove your triple minute benefit on that addition. Overall you get 400 regular plus 1000 bonus equivalent to 1400 minutes.Are you taking a risk by adding this coupon code?I don't think so. If the coupon is not valid you should still get 1200 minutes(not 400 minutes). If you don't get 1200 minutes or more please call tracfone customer service and explain it.I didn't give 5 stars for this deal because occasionally you can get 1500 minutes for the same deal (without using coupon code). The deal also includes a gel cover for your phone. My friends got the deal. You can get the deal during special occasions.

I just got this phone a few days ago so how it is going to work out is subject to question.  I will post an update after I've had it awhile.  But here goes with what I've got on it so far.The phone is smaller than I expected which actually works out for me as my "normal" purse is actually a wristlet which is about the size of your standard small camera case.  The phone fits in the cell phone pouch which will save me from having to come up with something else to carry it in as the usual belt clip phone case is not an option for me.  I will repeat what other reviewers have said and say that you HAVE to buy a screen protector.  I scratched mine the first day and I have no idea as to how it happened.  I sent the seller, shopcelldeals, an email thru Amazon regarding the 1200 min./1 yr service and received a quick reply which answered my question.  An additional note on this, Tracfone currently has a promo code [89901 if memory serves] for the "1 yr service/400 minutes" pin number/"card" you get with the phone.  End result is 1400 MINUTES instead of the 1200 you would normally get.The biggest hassle I've had so far is getting the minutes and service from my old Tracfone transfered onto the new one.  It started with my trying to activate the new phone online.  That didn't work out.  So I tried it thru a call made on my old phone that got killed halfway thru the activation process by their puter shutting my old phone down.  With the LG still not active, I had to track down a pay phone in order to finish getting it done.  That took quite awhile as they were apparently having serious trouble hearig me while I had no trouble hearing them.  Phone still not active, I ended up going inside the store [Walmart - I work for them] and getting to use one of the store phones to finish the job.  Finally!!As the saying goes, More Later!!

love the price.  it was hard to get operational. It 'locks all my itself when I am trying to retrieve voice messages.  The phone itself is beyond belief slippery to hold onto. My 'older phone' is more user friendly, easier to hold onto, and it doesn't self lock every time i turn around.  Very slow to start up - like forever - even on a full battery.  Nice screen images.  Touch pad for texting is a good size.  But I HATE HATE HATE that it keeps locking up.  My old phone is better than this.

Don't know why there is so many negative reviews on this product and the Tracfone services.  I had no problems whatsoever in activating the phone.  The service center was great and I am now using all of the features this phone provides.  I am a Canadian who purchased this phone to use as an alternate phone when visiting in the USA.  The International calling feature is great to call up to 10 contacts in Canada.  Too bad the International Numbers in Canada are no longer available.  I believe this is probably the work of our nationalcompanies protecting their turf in Canada and not releasing numbers to the Tracfone people.

The phone was for my daughter, it has her approval and she thinks its great. The transaction with the seller was as advertised and was able to transfer my minutes and number to this phone. The phone is too sensitive for my fingers but for my teen daughter she has no issues

I have used two of this type phone for two years. I didn't buy mins instead of buyin new phone with 1200 mins for one year service. I have calculated this is a good deal than buying mins only. I love this plan.The custom service is not good enough.  I have to spend at least 30 mins to activate my phone. I bought three new phones and took me two hours to activate and transfer my phone numbers. But overall it is a good deal.

I received the phone and mins yesterday and found there was a problem. The mins showed on the phone was different from what seller said at Amazon. I called the Amazon custom service today and was told the problem would be solved in 3 business days. Just about 1-2 hours later the mins was updated to right one. I am very satisfied with the service of the seller and Amazon.Speaking of quality of LG800G, definitely it will not as good as other smart phones. However it is much cheaper and no monthly bill. There is one thing I like it very much:I can see how many mins left and how many days I can use the phone. It is pretty useful!

I have owned this phone for three months now. This is an upgrade from an LG600G phone with double minutes that I have. My main purpose in getting this phone was because of the triple minutes for life offer with 1200 minutes included. Since a 1 year, 400 minute card would cost me a little more that what I paid for this offer, It was a no brainer for me. It was like getting a free phone. I always seemed to run out of minutes before the year was up so having the triple minutes will help out in that respect. This phone came from Shopcelldeals and included a piece of paper with a code that provided 1200 minutes (with triple minutes). I did not have the horror experiences as described by other reviewers but there was a small issue in getting the phone activated. Previously, when I would activate a tracFone, I would just go on their website and enter a few pieces of information and it would get activated. However, with this phone, I waited a couple of days but the phone was still not showing on the screen as activated. Just for the heck of it, I went back on TracFone's website and into my account where I found a message that I need to click on a link that took me to another page where I had to enter a series of codes into my phone. After entering 5 sets of these codes and was accepted, my phone was finally activated. It was a little bit of a pain but I did get it figured out. Also, I had already bought a 1 year, 400 minute card a week before I bought this phone, so after a few weeks, I went into my tracfone account and entered the numbers from the card and it added 1200 minutes, so at least I know my phone is a true triple minutes phone.I also got the cookie style soft case and the screen protector. The touch screen is a nice feature and the screen protector doesn't really interfere with the sensitivity of the touch feature although, as one reviewer mentioned, it sometimes takes a few presses in just the right spot to trigger it. One small minus is the fact that when you are talking on the phone, it will go into a "lock" mode. For instance, if you are calling the doctors office and their phone system is asking you to hit 1 for this and 2 for that, you first have to press the unlock button for a couple of seconds, then the keypad button, then you can make your selection. This is a little bothersome but only takes a few seconds to do this. I guess this feature is designed that way so your face isn't inadvertently pressing on the keypad and causing a problem. The screen is larger than my LG600G, which is nice. I haven't used nor do I need to use all of the features this phone has to offer. Getting on the internet is only ok. I'm sure it's not like using a smart phone but you can get on to access some things but I have had problems accessing some websites. Sometimes I get an error message saying the web page is too large and then it kicks me offline. Other sites load fine. Some pages are larger than what I can see on the screen so I have to scroll right and left to read everything. Sometimes, when I try to scroll, I end up touching the screen by mistake in a way that reduces the font size, usually to the point where I can't read the print. So I tap the screen a few times and the fonts become normal size again and I'm back to where I started. There doesn't seem to be a happy medium and it sometimes becomes too frustrating so I try to avoid using the phome for the internet unless it's absolutely necessary.One thing I discovered (but many readers may already know this) is when applying different ringtones to different people in your contact list, make sure you include the area code with the phone number, even if they are in the same area code you are in. When I originally entered my phone contacts, I just entered the 7 digit number for people locally. I then tried to apply a ringtone to one of those people but when they called me, the default ringtone would sound off and I couldn't figure out why the ringtone I wanted to use wasn't ringing. I called tracFone but they weren't any help. They had no idea why the new ringtone wasn't working. Then, one day I noticed when I received a call from that person, it would show the area code and the little light went on in my head. When I edited the phone number to include the area code, the new ringtone worked.A couple of other features I haven't used but plan to are the voice recorder and you can also download and play music, which is nice. I have taken one photo and the quality of the photo was good but I never really used that feature in any cell phone that I have owned. All in all, this was a nice upgrade for me and would recommend this phone.

Ordered this assuming that it would work in the rather rural area where I live, and really liked the phone when I played with it prior to activation, esp. the touch-screen feature.  But, upon trying to activate it online I got a message saying there was a problem with activation and that I had to call Tracfone.Turns out, Tracfone said that the 800G won't work in my area and they sent me a replacement--unfortunately, an LG501G--which has those pesky very tiny little buttons which I was trying to avoid.  However, at least I DID get the 1200 minutes, 1-year activation and am told that I will be getting the triple minutes for life, even with the new phone (haven't tested this by buying minutes, yet).I'd encourage potential buyers to call Tracfone and make sure the LG800g will work in your area, but then, most folks do not live as far in the boonies as we do!The LG501g is ok but will likely end up being given to my middle-schooler, who does not mind the tiny buttons; my search for a phone continues!

this phone is a good product, not the. Best, well worth the money, but can be improved upon. Can be easierTo use, but could be worse!

Perfect...As  for  Tracphone,  No  problem  with  activating,  1 year, 1200 mins, triple  for  life.  Ability to hide functions  for  use  as  a  simple  phone.  A trac-ie  for  6  years,  my  4th  phone,  all  still  working.  Hard  to  pass  up  a  new  phone  with  freebies  for the price  of  just  the  minuets.  So  far  only  2  models  with  triple  minuets,  will  there  be  more.

Fantastic little phone ! user-friendly & in this day & age - quite basic/simple ...& tracfone is one the best (i've tried most of 'em). The only better if you use alot is Straighttalk (which is tracfone also - they even let me keep my same # when I switched - Sweet - that's good business in my book) !

When I checked the TracFone website it states this item as only DMFL, so I was a bit hesitated, but after the seller assured me it's Triple minutes, I decided to order it.Now after all the activation process, IT IS TRIPLE MINUTES! (the last patch TMFL for this phone ). The first day I used the phone, the screen kept constantly shutting off by itself, to the point when I called a number that required "press x", the dial pad shut off before I could press any key. I thought may be the feature "Master Reset" and "Master Clear" to reset the program would help, but these features required to enter the Security Code! Heck, I just got the phone, and didn't enter anything yet, what security code?Finally from the seller's reply told me how to unlock the default security code, then changed my own afterward. Now the phone works like a dream! Excepted the keypad is really a pain in the... (reason for 4 stars instead od 5), to type if you want to use the 2nd or 3rd letter from the key, it constantly just go back to the first, it's really frustrated!  I just got this phone 2 days ago, so hopefully I'll be happy with it. But I already like the value of the package and the seller is very responsive.Also the web browsing feature is no SmartPhone, so don't bother to compare! We got what we paid for... To me this is a great dealWith this package I got 425 days of service instead of 365 days with 1520mn just by adding a promo code, plus I transferred my remaining 645 mn and 90 days of service, so my airtime now has 2165mn until 2013. I called the Miami # instead of the CS # on their website, and got someone answered right away, never been asked or mentioned any seller or where I brought it.

I spent over 4 hrs on the phone going thru 4 different incompetent reps.. one in which after about 2 or more hrs of her trying to associate my previous phone # to my new phone and no end in sight, I asked to speak to her supervisor and she would not respond.. it was an unbelievable experience... technical support from India that couldn't understand what I was saying... I had to repeat my information over 4 times .. probably more than that.. I am not exaggerating this experience... UNBELIEVEABLE!!... another MCI in the making.  Horrible!!!  The phone by the way seems fine... better then my last one... but tracfone has some serious issues!

I have a national carrier for cellphone service at $35 per month for 300 minutes and wanted a semi-smart phone, just to check email a couple of times a week. No big deal. My regular carrier wants an extra $30 per month for a data plan, no matter what. No way.I researched both Tracfone and the LG800G before I bought it.I saw this as a Today's Special on HSN ( it came with TMFL, 2 cases and two chargers). $99, free shipping. 1300 Minutes included. It was on TV 11/25/11.Had no trouble setting it up and I googled some neat tips to make web browsing better ( I downloaded Opera Min 6.5).This replaces an LG8100 flip phone and I just love all of the features. It is my first touchscreen phone so there was a learning curve but it was worth it. I have used about 300 of the original 1300 minutes ( mostly downloading apps and the new browser) but I am having so much fun.I transferred my contacts from the 8100 to the 800G with Bitpim and it worked great.The color display is vibrant and you can change a lot of the settings yourself.I like that you can drag and drop icons onto (or off of) the Main Screen and it constantly reminds you how many minutes are left and the end date of your minutes.

Tracfone Triple Minutes  LG800G is adequate for my purposes. Triple minutes is better than the previous plan. For low end service, I recommend.

This would be the best Tracfone yet.  The touchscreen functionality actually works well.  My primary use of the phone is texting and short phone calls which this phone does well.  I do not use the internet browser as I don't care.  The music player is a nice feature and the bluetooth works ok. with my wireless headset.  Battery life goes quick when using this feature though.Many sites list the option to install an 8GB micro SDHC,  This is incorrect,  the maximum I've found to work is pretty much any 4GB micro SDHC .

hard to set up voice mail needed to put phone on  speakerphone looked in book couldn't find how to ,reel touchy end up dialing a number when your not trying to

I could not more disgusted with this phone. It took (4) calls to Tracphone and (2) hours (half of that on hold)to get it to work. The tech that finally got it going said the SIM card had been used previously, in other words-- this phone was probably a rebuilt unit put in a new package. He said there was a problem with this SIM card working with my current carrier and phone number, so I either had to send the phone back or move to a new carrier and get a new phone number. Made the wrong choice and kept it and after an hour of punching in code we got it going. Problem  now is I find it has reception of a brick. I was told by the tech that I got switched to Verizon. At Christmas, while we stood side by side, my daughter's Verizon phone had four bar signal strength and I had none. I called Tracphone about this four days ago, was given a service ticket #, but never heard from them again. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this phone and if you're thinking about using Tracphone, have somebody hit you with a hammer until you come to your senses.

This is good for the price, especially with triple minutes.  Audio is clear on both sides of calls.  The touch screen on mine doesn't respond as well as I would like, I have to press a little harder than I think I should have to.  Twice it has locked up - I removed the battery for a few minutes, put it back in and it worked again.  Because of those 2 issues, I debated between 3 and 4 stars.  I went with the 4 stars because the reception is very good and the prepaid phone works great for me.  I have been using Tracfone for several years and I'm very satisfied with their service.

Phone is nice , if it worked it would be even better !  Numerous call to tracfone and stillnothing ,Before purchase tracfone assured portability of phone number .after months of runaroundI give up ! Better and lower priced carriers available to use, Their customer service can not be any worse.Lesson learned , and an expensive paper weight to show for it !

When I tried to activate, the code included with the phone didn't work and it took Tracfone all day to get it activated, BUT they would not the triple minutes deal.  Not happy with this at all!  Phone works fine, but if you're getting this deal for the triple minutes, beware!

I'm mostly happy with the Tracfone LG800G. The 1200 minutes and triple minutes for life make this a real bargain. I only have two issues with the phone. The first is that it locks up too quickly. I appreciate the person who noted that it's easier to touch the on/off button rather than the unlock button to unlock the phone. The second issue is that the on button does not always function. For example, I'll turn off the phone when I'm in a movie theater but then often struggle to get the phone to turn back on. I generally find that if I can't turn the phone on right then after pressing on several times, if I wait another 10-15 minutes, I can then turn the phone on. Not sure if they are all built this way or if I just have a faulty one. While it's annoying, it hasn't really been a major issue.

We tried this knowing it would be disappointing. I hoped it would work better a few minuets from a big city and was attracted to the yearly cards available for the minimal use needed. It works about half the time. It says no signal or emergency use constantly. I would let these rejects go out of business before expecting this to be worth buying. I'm going to try and return mine if it ticks me off again. I'll keep you posted and add or subtract a star Maybe. Don't expect much but your loved ones calls missed and annoying signal loss.  I just hate the auto lock that constantly slows you down and annoys you. Mine won't turn off even though I think it's supposed to. Take a professional consumers advice and stay away from this phone.

product sold was a great deal with the triple minutes for those who dont like contractsand use the phone for TALKING not texting works great for me,..

I really like this phone and the deal was too good to pass up. I had a very old cell phone and this is really an improvement! So far I am very happy with it and I am sure I made the right choice. It has more features than I will ever use, I just have a cell for emergencies and questions to home when out grocery shopping. Once and awhile, I will take a photo of something I want to remember or a picture opportunity if I don't have my camera with me. This one fits the bill for me.

Well it is good for the price. Not real easy to use. I do get the triple minutes each time I buy. I have never been able to make the international calls I was suppose to be able to.

I was skeptical of the 1200 minutes & triple minutes for life. Got this phone. It did NOT come with any air time pin. I added minutes on my own, they did NOT triple. CAlled tracfone, they said the only authorized online seller of the triple minutes phone was HTC, not shopcelldeals or amazon. In addition, they said they would not provide 1200 minutes and it wasn't included with the phone. They said to call shopcelldeals.Contacted them...first they do not have a phone number to contact them, which is odd. It appears to be a small one person shop.Explained the issue to them, they kept insisting the minutes were with the phone, which they were not. To date, they haven't provided a resolution.I wouldn't recommend paying this much for this phone, becuase the same thing is availabe through Target at $39.99 with double minutes for life. The only reason to pay this much would be for the 1200 minutes & triple minutes, howver, this phone doesn't come with either.Very disappointed.

This is a great little phone.  We have bought three now and they have performed beyond our expectations.  Coverage is excellent wherever we go.  Not the fancy Iphone but I can't afford or need those.  Also, you get triple minutes for life.  The cost per month on my double minutes phones are around $7 per month. I purchased this phone for my 18 yr.old son and he has 512 days of service and ended up with around 1400 minutes. The triple minutes is going to be a nice bonus.  So if you want a touch screen, camera, and music player and a phone this is a great choice.

I bought this and loved the service and triple minutes.I ended up buying a second one for my daughter.We have reloaded them both and still have our triple minutes.I did however buy a Wilson at home antennae so that I couldget better service at home.  Very happy with the cost.The best plan around here is about $35 a month.  This is$100 a year so that is 3 months on any local plan.I have had one phone for over 2 years and the other for justover a year.  Very good purchase.

it is ok i cant get the touch screen to pull up names the camera doesnot work other than that it works i can make a phone call on it so i use it

hope to get many years of service from this new phone,a little touchy sometimes, but it serves my purpose well

I am very pleased with my Tracfone performance and value. Can't understand why anyone would pay for service contract when tracfone is such a great product/deal.

This is a replacement for an identical phone.  Cost for the replacement with days and time was the same price as the same amount of days and time.  The new phone was a definite bonus.

I'm one of those people who really just wants a phone that I can use to call people. But,in this age of gadgets, I must admit that I like the extras. It's just easier to deal with, the touch screen that is. I like using a cell phone for my morning alarm also and found several of the ringtones very pleasing to awaken to(I set three morning alarms).I was a little nervous about the triple minutes for life actually coming through. So when I activated the phone I asked the rep if he could tell. He said yes, spent a lot of time with his supervisor, said it was only double minutes and gave me a number to call to "get the triple minutes" since it's not a TracFone promo. When I called the number they said, as I thought, that it was in the phone and if I got 1200 minutes it was triple. I still didn't want to wait to find out that is was not the case, there's only a ninety day warranty and a 7 day return, so I purchased the $10, 30 minute deal online. Sure enough I got 90 minutes.When I tried to add the 40 bonus minutes for July from the TracFone Saving Book I only receive 10 minutes. I called  so they gave me 40 minutes. I ended up with a bonus of 50.I probably should have mentioned first that this is an incredible deal: A double minutes for life card with a year of service and 800 minutes is the same price, $119, but without the phone! If you purchased a 450 and 120 minute deal you'd have 1140 minutes with the dmfl phone and that would cost you $120 plus tax, no phone.I already have an MP3 player but I can put the same sdhc card in the phone and have my music. I have good camera, a DSLR, but sometimes it's overkill, this has a 2mp camera and video. The touch screen makes the calculator easy to use. The virtual QWERTY keyboard is great for texting, though I wish it was a little more responsive, and maybe I can do something about that in the touch calibration.OK, I just realized the calculator can be switched to scientific with cos,sin,tan,log,etc; it shifts between radians and degrees. I work with algebra and trigonometry with kids so there's another plus.I've only had it for a day. Maybe I'll change my mind or find things I don't like. But, for now I really like it.UPDATE: I've had this phone for about six weeks and I like it even more as I become more dependent on the features. Still no problems with texting. Seemed at first that the touch was not responsive but I guess it was just me because now it's fine.I LIVE IN A RURAL AREA THAT USUALLY HAS NO CELL PHONE SERVICE. This phone has limited service but I can still use it at home in a pinch; we've learned to depend on the land lines and I use it mostly for when I travel. Yesterday I got a text with it under my pillow.My daughter looked at some pictures I took with it and thought they were good. Great pics of rainbows and sunrise. Can't compare to a "real" camera but does the trick in a pinch.I WAS USING IT FOR THE STOPWATCH WHILE POWER WALKING AND THREW IT IN A MUD PUDDLE; WATCHED THE BUBBLES COME UP, FISHED IT OUT, LET IT DRY AND IT STILL WORKS. FREAKED ME OUT.8 MONTHS LATER: MY PHONE IS STILL FUNCTIONING WITHOUT PROBLEMS.

My experience with the lg800 started with trying to sign up online. I followed instuctions carefully and the transaction did not work. OK, so I call tracfone on a land line and they sign me up. But, I only got 620 minutes and 150 days of service. They told me the code given was for a 200 minute card. Contacted the seller thru amazon. After sending the codes to the seller the problem was resolved and much to my satisfaction I received all the bonus minutes and service for more than a year. Very pleased with the sellers attention to make things right. I am still new to the lg 800 and the tutorials online are helpful  Thumbs up on this deal.

This is about TracFone's Service via the LG 800G and the LG 840G, both phones we bought on Amazon this year.We are longtime TracFone users and were very happy with the service. However, I "upgraded" to this phone from an old flip-phone. It does not work well where I live, yet the flip did! My husband got the LG 840G and we both have phones that barely get service where we live. Tracfone would not offer a reason for this problem, and frankly their customer service is very frustrating. Prepare to spend at least 30 minutes to try to explain what is going on. Or keep reading.Talking to Radio Shack helped to reveal what was up - the LG phones that are configured for TracFone ("G") use AT&T; and the older ("C") phones (Motorola) used Verizon! Verizon is all that works well in our area. AT&T; barely gets a signal.TracFone has two coverage maps. One is for Code Division Multiple Access, (CDMA) which is older technology. The other is for Global System Mobility (GMS), which is the norm now for world phone usage.Here are links to the two maps, read 'em and don't buy these phones if you don't see good coverage for your area:[...][...]To note, there was only one coverage map (CDMA) when we bought our phones. When we figured out what was wrong, it was too late to get a refund.I hope this helps someone before they invest in a year's service and find out this phone doesn't work where they live. If you owned a TracFone before, don't assume that it will still be your best choice for a pay-as-you-go plan.

Purchased on Amazon from shopcelldeals.  Quick shipping.  Ordered on Thursday, arrived on Monday.Set up went without a hitch.  I was worried at first, because it actually took about an hour before the setup was complete and I could actually use the phone.  Guess Tracfone was on their lunch break or something! :)  After activation I purchased a 60 minute card from tracfone website to see if the 3x minutes actually worked.  It did!  Sweet!  $115.00 otd for a phone with over 1400 minutes and over a year of service.  And the price has come down since I bought mine from ShopCellDeals, so it's an even better deal for you now at only $105 otd!I bought this phone as an alternate to my wife's and my regular cell phones so we wouldn't have to give our personal numbers to businesses and things like that.  I couldn't be happier with the phone and the whole purchasing process.  Thanks Amazon and shopcelldeals!The phone itself is nothing fancy, but I don't really need it to be, so it suits me fine.As a previous poster said, be sure to not hit the 'browser' button.  There is no kind of warning screen to let you know that you are about to be charged if you proceed further after hitting the button.  I did this by mistake and was charged a half minute.  Do yourself a favor and move the 'browser' button off of the home screen.And very importantly, for those of you who may not know, you can get bonus minutes when you add airtime to your Tracfone.  Be sure to check out PrePrepaid dot com for a comprehensive list of bonus codes for free minutes.  That 60 minute card that I mentioned earlier actually yielded 240 minutes.If you are reading reviews prior to purchasing this phone, don't worry too much about the reviewers who were having problems setting their phones up.  If you just follow the directions which are included by the seller, you should not have any issues.  I followed the seller's instructions, and did not have any problems that other posters were complaining about.

This phone did not have service in the area it was purchased to be used in. I think it would work fine if it was used in an area that had sufficient cell phone coverage. The coverage areas should have been disclosed in the initial advertisement for this product.

This is a rather nice addition to the trac phone communicators.  Very reasonable in price, great quality.  Suggest this to anyone who have trac phone networking.

this LG cell phone could fit most your expectation on what a cell phone should, cheap, the photo camera works very well, really love it.

I got this phone because it has 3X minutes, I had one that was double minutes and traded the number over to this one. Well it turns out that the new phone has a sim card that doesn't work with the antennas here and to trade back to my old phone I have to drive home (150mi) or I will be given a new phone number. If the new phone worked it would be nice. So for now the new phone is a little sad.

I've been using a very dependable Blackberry for about 14 yrs, the same one. Worked great. There are three of us bundled on a family plan and we decided it was time to end the expensive contract.We first bought a Samsung Proclaim with the air time from HSN. Without notification, they canceled the order stating they could not fill all the orders.We then bought the same phone on Amazon and have been trying to work with that for just about a month.I personally don't like it and no one was able to use much of the phone without a capacitive stylus. I ordered the stylus on Amazon, that order was lost in the mail.With only a week left to buy my phone, I read the reviews for this LG800 phone.I had little issue transferring my old number via the computer. Activating it was another story.I waited 12 hours and decided to call for help. I got an automated answering system that had me go through numerous codes of nearly 200 some letters to input into the phone. It did work after a very frustrating time with the machine not accepting my voice prompts. I have only made a couple of calls so far and not at all impressed with the speaker phone, which is what I use exclusively. It starts to break up at about 50% volume and gets worse.The phone looks and feels nice. I liked the features, what I could understand of them. The case leaves a lot to be desired.I will be missing the blackberry for sure. I may have to find another phone however.No evaluation is being given for many of the phone funtions. I am just reviewing the issues I had getting service and using the speaker phone.I would not recommend this for anyone that does not have a house phone with speaker phone options, which I would higly recommend be used, to activate the new phone.Update: 9/18/12I received a second phone and upgraded my rating to 3 stars. I asked for a replacement phone just to see if the loud speaker worked any better. I found they are good up to 3-4 bars. Not so great after that and IMO, the weak link in the phone.An inexpensive capacitive stylus does wonders.When I activated the first phone, I had to enter at least two hundred digits. The second was much easier, except, I was not able to transfer the account by the web site as the minute balance did not match and I would have lost a few hundred. When I did activate, the web site offered another 200 minutes, which the representative did add to the phone.The case that comes with it, not so good. However, I used an I-pod case I bought earier in the year. That works super! It hangs lower on the waist, and looks great.Have to see if I can locate that information in my files.Lots of nice features on this phone. I have left it on standby for about a week so far. Still has a full charge. My Blackberry would have been dead in two days.update 12/23/2012The original phone no longer held a charge and became difficult to turn on. A replacement phone was received in 3 days. To activate the new phone, I had to call Tracphone about 5 times until I was able to reach someone. In the process, I had to again input well over 100 digits of code. I then found the woman put the wrong phone number in the phone. I did not find that out until I needed the phone and was not able to receive any calls.When I called back to straighten that out, I was then told I had double minutes for life, instead of triple minutes. Still working on that issue.Sure was a lot easier dealing with problems via ATT. Thankfully I still have a land line to use to get this phone to work.I found that keeping the phone set to airtime info did not allow me to bump the broswer and waist minutes by mistake.A nice phone when it works properly.I do miss not being able to input more information such as addresses, extensions and names etc., for each entry.update: 12/23/12  Five or so hours later, I still can not use the phone. My original phone number was not transferred to the replacement, reconditioned phone. Now on my 4th tracphone rep and hours later, not so thrilled to have to wait another 3-5 days for yet another SIM car so I can get my original phone number reinstated. One rep I had to hang up on due to very poor phone connection, that after 15 minutes attempting to work with that person.I never had problems like this with ATT. Thankfully, I do not depend on nor need this phone very much.

I bought 2 Tracfone from this seller (purchase in October -2011 and March 2012). When I activated the phone I got 1300 minutes. BUT when I try to recharge the minutes today, I got only DOUBLE MINUTES (instead of TRIPLE minutes).I called Tracfone customer service , they told me that my phone is activated as DOUBLE minutes instead of TRIPLE minutes of life.I have another Tracfone from HSN.com. That phone is activated as TRIPLE minutes for life. (I am not related to HSN.com)I THINK THIS SELLER IS FALSLY ADVERTISING THAT HE IS SELLING TRACFONE WHICH WILL BE ACTIVATED AS TRIPLE MINUTES FOR LIFE.IF YOU HAVE BOUGHT TRACFONE FROM THIS SELLER THEN CALL TRACFONE CUSTOMER SERVICE (1-800-323-2366 ) TO VERIFY YOUR PHONE IS ACTIVATED AS TRIPLE MINUTES FOR LIFE OR NOT.

Wonderful Smartphone and since its a Tracfone its very affordable. Very easy to use, has a MP3 player & bluetooth. Cant go wrong for the price. If you are looking to upgrade your phone then this is one to consider. You will not be disappointed.

The LG800 is a nice cell phone.  My advice would be to buy a new phone & not one that is discounted.  I think that they are discounted for a reason.The biggest problem that my phone had was that pressing the #1 would not work to access voice mail.  Do you really want to go through the whole process of calling your own number, waiting for the message, entering your passcode etc. just to check your messages?  Tracfone could not fix the problem after several tries.  The company offered to exchange the phone, but I did not want to go through the whole process of transferring minutes, phone number etc. to another problem phone.  I ended up purchasing a new LG800 on sale at Best Buy.  The old phone will just be used for the battery!

Well, I knew it would happen, just didnt know when... Yup, it got washed in the pocket of my Wife's pants! Full Cycle, rinse and everything!! but No Dryer, Just lying there on the bottom of the washing machine after all the clothes were removed. Pulled off the back, took out the battery, laid it face down on top of my CPU (I never turn it off) to dry for 2.5 days, put in the battery, plugged it the charging cord and POOF!! IT WORKS AGAIN!!! No visible signs of damage, everything works!! GREAT PHONE!!! But bought it on fee bay for $39/w triple minutes for life...which looks to be LONG with this phone!!

I got this phone for christmas and I've had five phones and thar was five years ago, so I love how it is very small so it can fit my pockets  great phone

So far we love this phone.  Can't figure out how to access speaker phone quick enough yet and don't like the fact it locks up so quickly.  But, it sure saves money over our old Verizon phones.  Sound quality is good and hasn't dropped any calls.

I do like this phone BUT...1) KNOWN PROBLEM - Phone shuts down completely frozen. Have to remove the battery and put it back in to boot the phone. This happens ON THE CHARGER with a FULL BATTERY. It happens any time the phone has not been used for a while.2) KNOWN PROBLEM "Recognizes" a memory card inserted but does not access it.3) Offers to connect to computer but does not.The "tech" did not comprehend simple English. Insisted that leaving the Bluetooth device mated drained the cell phone battery. This despite being told the phone locks up WHILE BEING CHARGED. The tech either refused or failed to accept that I had done research to know that the model was KNOWN to have these problems.She asked for the SERIAL NUMBER. When I gave the s/n she told me it could not be the SERIAL Number. What she wanted was the IEMI number.

We have never used Tracfone previously.  I got this phone 3 months ago for my daughter.  She is on track to use up all 1200 mins (actually came to 1400 mins with the bonus) in about a year.  She texts infrequently (3 texts use up 1 minute) and calls a few times a week.  She has downloaded some music on it and listens to music between classes.  Reception on the calls has been great.  The phone also came with two rubber protectors: black and pink, which was a bonus.  For what we wanted, it has worked perfectly.  I am planning to buy another one soon.

For the price, a working touch-screen phone with 1200 minutes is great. This does not look like a normal smartphone, though. Its MUCH lower quality, can't do as many things, and apps cost too much. This is just a phone to LOOK like you have a smartphone.Its still I great deal for the price, just be aware of what you are getting.

I have had this phone for 3 weeks. The phone calls are fine and clear. Very difficult to set up. Must have customer service connect some of the "features", if you can understand very heavily accented chinglish. Still can not send e-mail or e-mail photos, even following instructions letter by letter. Expect a very steep learning curve on this phone. Phone quality deserves 5 stars. Ease of operation deserves 2 stars and customer service gets none. There is a "press-and-hold-to-unlock" button which can not be dis-engaged, lives in the way of every task you want to do and is extremely frustrating in it's repeated insistence at every screen change. Customer service is non-existent.

I was very hesitant on this purchase as I read the not so positive reviews about this phone, but I went ahead and got it anyways.  So far we have had no issues with the phone And activating the phone was real easy.

A few days ago I ordered the Tracfone LG 800G with the offer that provided 1200 minutes and one year plus triple minutes after that was used up. After I activated it I noticed that I only had about 600 minutes and 150 days.  I called Tracfone but they said they could not do anything about it as resellers are the ones making the offer.  So I called Shopcelldeals, the vendor who made the offer, and it turns out they had had some problems with a mix up of PIN numbers and within less than an hour I had the 1200 hours and the one year service PLUS the original 600 minutes and 150 days they allowed me to keep.  NOW THAT is customer service, and then some. Good thing too with all the extra minutes as it will take a long time for me to figure out all the great features in this phone.

LG800G phone with 1200 minutes x 3 was brand new when recieved.  Phone worked as soon as charged and activated.

I'm new to using a touch screen device so I have little to compare this to, but overall, the phone works well, is not too large or clunky, and the extra minutes made this a wonderful deal! My only complaint is that I ordered a screen protector that arrived late (not form this seller), and my phone screen has a small scratch, despite my carefulness.

Got this one for my dad.  I already own one.  It's a good, basic phone, and you can buy it for less than it would cost to buy just the minutes.

This LG 800G Triple Minutes Phone made it easy to switch from TMobile to TracFone.  TracFone wireless service is provided by the "Big Two" companies and is available most anywhere in the US.  Make sure you get a protective film kit for the touchscreen which scratches very easily. (Case and MicroSD not included).

This tracfone, with the 1200 included minutes and triple minutes for life is the way to go.  I definitely recommend.

If you don't require all the bells & whistles that a "smart" phone affords, this offer is hard to beat.  I use it mainly for texting and the occasional (short) phone call.  First touch-screen phone for me, so it takes some getting used to.  The horizontal QWERTY key pad display makes texting a lot easier.The phone is thin and slick, so I would recommend purchasing a rubberized case/cover with a somewhat tacky feel, to reduce the chance of damage from drops.The 1200 minutes and triple minutes for life make this a no-brainer!

I bought my daughter this phone 3 months ago and she still has nearly a year of service left as well as 1100 minutes.  I did the math and determined that this phone averages out to be about $7.00 per month and allows use of at least 100 minutes per month on average.  The set up is pretty easy and can be done on the phone or internet.  Set-up on the internet was the easiest method for me. After set-up I had 1220 minutes and 425 days of usage. I loved my daughters phone/minute package so much I ordered 4 more for the family.  I especially love that it's a one time charge and I don't have to worry about monthly bills or buying more minutes all the time.  This works out for my family until we decide to take on another 2 year contract for smart phones.  I may just decide to continue buying these phones as long as they are available.  I'm guessing for my family it would cost at least $1800.00 per year for smart phones.  I was able to buy 5 of these phones for 425.00 per year assuming we don't need to purchase more minutes.  Very happy with this purchase!!!

Shipped out and received before expected receive date. I gave this vendor a 5/5 star rating... now about the product.Ive been a TracFone customer for 6 years. Latest phone needed to be updated ... no Bluetooth on it., and it was starting to give me problems. I selected this LG 800G for its features and price. The fact that it also came with 1200 TracFone minutes was the icing on the cake. 450 minutes cost about $80.  My old phone gave me double minutes so that equates to 900 minutes for $80.Well now I have a far more superior phone with 1200 MINUTES INCLUDED, with TRIPLE MINUTES for LIFE, with ONE YEAR of SERVICE, and all for under $90.The activation with Tracfone On-Line was a breeze. They have upgraded their website lately to make it much, much more user friendly. I added the 1200 minutes during this process without any issue. They gave me a bonus 20 minutes and additional 60 days of service for completing the activation on-line. The phone works great, the features are nice, and the Bluetooth works real well!  Its not a blackberry or i-phone, but for the money, you just can't beat it. And if you previously gave up on TracFone because of their not-so-great service, try them again .... the improvements to their website will amaze you.  Good job  SHOPCELLDEALS and good job TRACFONE.  Both 5 stars.

Wow, what a great deal this Tracfone is. Seller quickly shipped the phone and everything received was as advertised. I was able to activate the phone within 10 minutes. Instructions provided by the seller were perfect - just be sure to read the instructions that are taped to the outside of the Tracfone package. Problems with activation and phone setup by others are caused by not reading and following the instructions. Follow these instructions step by step and the process is simple. Step#1 - Plug the phone into the charger and activate the phone with the Tracfone Red Activation Card. I had to wait a few minutes for my phone to be activated and get my new phone number. Do not go on to step#2, adding airtime, until your phone is activated. Step#2 - You need to add airtime using the 15 digit PIN number that is in the instructions that were taped to the phone package. When I tried to add the 50 bonus minutes for Sept. from the TracFone Saving Book it wouldn't take it. After activation and adding my 1200 minutes I called Tracfone and they gave me 50 minutes when I gave them the code from the TracFone Saving Book. I ended up with a bonus of 50, so I got 1200+50+20 that came with the phone, for a total of 1270 minutes.Wow, I got the LG800g with one year of service and 1200 minutes, all for $109. The price of the LG800g bought separately ($49), plus the cost of one year of service and only double minutes ($99) equals almost $150. So for only $109 you get the phone, one year of service, TRIPLE minutes for life, and a great phone. This is by far the best Tracfone ever offered, and I've had a lot of them over the years.Picked up the 3X screen protectors, and picked up a newly offered gel case for the LG800g at E-v-o-l-u-c-e-l-l (take the dashes out and do a google search for it) for less than $10.Service with this phone is the same as the Samsung I have on AT&T; GSM network in my area, very good reception inside my home. Would highly recommend the phone bundle and the seller for providing such good service and instructions.

This has met my phone needs just fine and paired very well with the Motorola S305 Bluetooth Stereo Headset I later purchased.  The transmission quality via TracFone is excellent.  I was somewhat challenged to transfer my phone number and it was a lot of work.  Also to find out how to operate it required going to the web but this is popular model and most info is available at [ ... ]

I am very happy with my new Tracfone LG 800 and the amount of minutes, bonus, etc. for the price.

I bought this phone for my son and he loves it.  It was an upgrade for him from his previous tracfone.  He really likes the touch screen.  I bought this phone for 99.99 which included triple minutes for life of phone plus 1200 mins.  That is a good deal since the 1200 mins would have cost $100 from tracfone, even without the phone.  Also, I received the phone in a very timely manner (arrived 2 days after I ordered and it was the week before Christmas).  All in all, a great transaction!

I bought this phone in July with the triple minute deal. I got the 1200 minutes right after I bought the phone along with bonus minute from a promotional code. I was told that the triple minute feature was on the phone. I already had a tracfone so I had my service transferred. They had trouble transferring my service. I kept calling the technical support 800 number and the recording kept telling me about the high volume of calls coming in and hanging up on me. After a few days they finally transferred the service, and everything was fine until now.I hadn't purchased anymore airtime until today, December 30, so I haven't had another opportunity to deal with tracfone since I bought the phone. But today I bought a 120 minute card to use with the promocode they sent me (66836) that's supposed to give you 300 bonus minutes if you add 120 minutes before December 31. I added the minutes and the promocode and it gave me 120 and 300 bonus minutes. No triple minutes, not even double minutes, just the 120 minutes that I bought plus the bonus. I called Tracfone tech support (800 867 7183) and the tech said that this is a double minute phone, there is no triple minute deal. I told her that it was being sold on Amazon with a triple minute deal and that the seller is still selling it today, and after putting me on hold, she told me that seller on Amazon is a scam; that I bought the phone at my own risk because I didn't buy from tracfone's website. I asked her why tracfone was servicing a phone that was sold by a fraudulent dealer and she said that if you have one of their phones they will service it. Well I asked to speak with her supervisor because Tracfone activated my phone and confirmed the triple minute deal when my phone was in the 7 day warranty, and they added the 1200 minutes, just like the seller promised.She connected me to a Keisha, who I later found out was in South America, who confirmed that the phone was in fact a triple minute phone, that this was not a scam and after telling me to meddle with the code entry mode on the phone and asking me what my airtime balance was, told me that this amount was precisely what was supposed to be on there, and that their information said that the 120 minutes was in fact tripled. I told her that I already had 451 minutes on my phone and that there are only 871 now, and that they only added the 120 plus the bonus, they didn't triple the 120 minutes or they would have added 360 plus the bonus. She said that they could not give me anymore minutes because it said that there were 120 minutes added and that they were tripled. I asked her if she can see how many minutes I already had, she said no. I asked her if she can see how many I bought and how many I've used, she said no. I told her that I have the text message they just sent me saying that they adding 120 minutes plus the bonus. She said that the text message only reflects how much you bought not how much they are adding. I told her that every text I have gotten before, even on the old tracfone that I had for three years, reflected the total amount they were adding. I asked if there was someone else who knows what is going on with my phone because it didn't make sense that the service I am getting is from their company and the information being sent to my phone says that they're only adding 120 minutes with the bonus, and the balance that they have uploaded to my phone only added up the 120 minutes plus the bonus, and yet their system says they tripled the 120 minutes and gave me the bonus. She got off the phone for a few minutes and came back and told me that she has spoken with her supervisor and that they have already given me all the minutes, "they cannot and will not give me any more minutes", and they will not check on how many minutes I already had because they cannot give me anymore minutes. I asked her for her title, and she said she was not permitted to give me her title (when she answered the phone she claimed to be the manager), I asked if she had some sort of operator number, she told me it was 48602. I asked why she was not allowed to tell me her title if she was a Tracfone employee. She said she was allowed to give her name and customer service number but not her title, and that they were not going to give me anymore minutes. I asked if there was anyone who could check on my previous balance, and she repeated that they were not going to give me anymore minutes.

Needed an inexpensive phone for my new highschool freshman.  Wanted something that looked "cool", had a few bells and whistles, and wouldn't break the bank. Well this phone fits the bill. My son loves it. It makes calls and texts, holds all his pictures and music, and comes with a year of service all for 90 bucks. One couldn't ask for more.

2 problems I have experienced with this phone:1.  it turned itself off and won't turn back on.  It wasn't due to a lack of battery life.  I had to remove the battery, wait, then put it back in...but I had to do this repeatedly several times for it to come back on.  This happened several times within 4 months of buying this new phone.2.  my minutes VANISHED to zero all of a sudden.  I called customer service to check and I spent 20 minutes waiting for them to look things up... giving them several 'code entry codes' to look up.  Then they come back and tell me they need to transfer me to Tier 2 support, then I give the same explanation and same 'code entry codes' to this person and they tell me that they see a 'negative' balance which is 'not right' and they will need to transfer me to ANOTHER LEVEL of support because they cannot see what happened to my account/phone to cause minutes to be negative ...BUT that dept. is closed...so I 'll have to call them back tomorrow.  Can THEY call me when they solved this problem???  NO!  I have to call back again, at their convenience.I think my minutes got wiped out with the last 'phone shutting itself off' last time.  And I don't know how many levels of customer service I have to wade through till I get to one that actually knows what they 're doing.Don't bother with this phone or the service.  I will update this review when I finally get someone who can figure this out and give me back the minutes that VANISHED!

I received this phone today (12/9/2011). The phone I got was a triple minute version in a sealed package. No problem activating.

I ordered this phone without telling the woman I live with. I had it delivered to her house but I figured it being address to me that it wouldn't have been opened. But to my surprise it was opened and the phone was stabbed several times with a knife. I had already paid for it and had free minutes that came with it, I decided to try to use it and it worked. She even took a hammer to it but it kept right on a working. I think if it hadn't been stabbed and nailed by a hammer it would have been a really great phone to have..

I liked it but charger overcharged and melted phone contact 1 week past warranty

I've had this phone for about 9 months.  Overall I was pleased with the features of it.  I wanted a phone that was a touch screen, but herein lies the disappointment.  Over time texting on this phone became an act of frustration.  I would select one letter on the virtual keyboard and another letter was selected.  I had to continually realign the screen, and even at that it still wasn't as good as when it was new.  Now, I know having the same cell phone for 9 months is a long time:) but I'm one who likes to use the same item for at least a couple of years:)  Anyways, I had to retire this one and replaced it with the Samsung S390G.

This is the second one I bought from this seller.  Very happy with it. You can't even buy a one year card for less than $100.00. If you go online and register with tracfone and ask them for bonus minute codes for a one year card, they will give you a code to get an additional 250 minutes. 1450 minutes with a phone, now that's a great deal

If you are thinking of buying this phone, Do Not, this phone is the worst phone I have ever owned, the pictures are blured, the volume is not loud enuff to hear well even on high, texting is a joke. This phone truely sucks.

RECEIVED IT IN A TIMELY MANNER,,,GREAT PACKAGE,DOES WHAT IT SUPPOSED TO DO,,, GOOD DEAL, I'D RECOMMEND THIS PACKAGE TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR AN INEXPENSIVE WAY TO HAVE A CELL PHONE

I switched from one terrible prepaid service of Metro pcs to the the terrible service of Tracfone/ Net10. The software on the phone didn't acknowledge my "unlimited" plan so it only gave me 10 minutes, plus I couldn't get into my voice mail & it took them over 7 hours to fix the software issue.But aside from all that drama, didn't know they made antique phones into touch screen. Unknowingly downgraded from a full QWERTY phone to this thing! & no where on the box does it inform you that this isn't a full QWERTY phone. I bought it none the wiser & am very upset to say the least! Good luck out there.

I had such high hopes for this phone, but  I truly hate this phone. It's hard to text on, it even harder then texting on a flip phone. I tried to use it with the type like a computer , didn't work worth a darn, tried t9 feature it picks what it wants to type not what I want, I wish I could go back to my blackberry.

You can't beat Tracfone's package, a years worth of service, 1200 minutes(it was actually closer to 1600 by the time everything was set up) and a very good starter 'smart phone'.  I would guess that most people will buy this phone including the years service and upgrade to the newest phone model so the triple minutes are nice but unless you are a heavy phone user it is just a sales gimmick.In my opinion Tracfone's service is not as good as the other main stream providers.  This may just be my area(city of 2+ Mil) but other phones that I have owned are better.  Still a great package for someone who doesn't use their mobile phone a lot and wants to have a phone for emergencies and ocasional calls.  Forget the data side, slow, slow, slow.  Texts are fine.

We bought 3 phones and out of the 3 we can only get 1 to work sometimes. We bought the phones for international calling, the people at tracfone set us up and say we should be able to call out in 48 hours ( we have done this 4 times) and it never happens. We lose minutes every time we try with no success.The phone locks all the time which is so frustrating if you are talking to an automated system. The phone works well for local calls only if they aren't to long other wise it drops off.

We were looking for the airtime card alone and found this deal on Amazon.  It basically amounts to getting a great phone for $5!  The shipping was fast and set up was fairly easy.  So far we love it!  This deal can't be beat.

We have been using Tracfone for a family member who only uses the cell phone occasionally. Tracfone has been a perfect phone for this level of use. 1 year service is around $100 and you can roll over unused minutes year to year. The minutes do not expire as long as the service is extended before the expiration date. I purchased a LG800G phone to replace an 6 year old phone that stopped working. I purchased the phone without the 1 year service, and will be purchasing 1 year service separately. I somehow did not see this listing when I was shopping and now kicking myself as this is a better deal.&#10004; To transfer the old number and minutes--------------------------------------------1. Before activating and transferring the old phone number and left over minutes, the new phone needs to be charged.2. You can activate the phone on-line (if you have an on-line account with Tracfone AND if your old phone is operational). To do so go to Tracfone home page and choose "Activate Phone" link at the top of the home screen, and then selecting "Transfer my number and service from one TracFone to another". Since the old phone was not working I called the service representative 1-800-867-7183.3. To do the transfer you will need the IMEI number (also known as the serial number) of the old phone, the SIM card number of the old phone, and the old phone number. You will also need the serial number of the new phone which is printed on your activation card.4. I had no issues getting full credit for all the old minutes. To activate the phone the operator had to give me five long series of numbers and even though the call center was in India I had no trouble understanding the accent and found the operator pleasant and easy to work with. The first procedure she performed gave me credit for half of the minutes on the old phone, and then without me having to ask she said she needed to do several more steps to get me the balance of minutes. I had to turn off and turn on the phone twice to see minutes added in two steps.5. The software version I received on the phone purchased in February 2013 is V10e. The older version of the software had problems (specifically version V10d).You can check what version of the software you have by clicking on a blue square with 4 dots on the main screen. Then tapping on the following: Settings - Phone - scroll down to Information - Device Information - S/W version.If you have V10e or later you are all set. If you have V10d you have an older problematic version and should upgrade.I went to LG web site, found support page, and entered 800G. I found a page where there are steps to install software that performs an upgrade for the the phone. The instructions say "If your phone needs to upgrade, the "Start Updating " button will be enabled.I did not test this because my phone is on the latest version already, but I wanted to see if LG had a page for updates and I found it. Amazon does not allow posting of external URL, but you can find it by going to LG web site and adding this "/us/support-mobile/lg-LG800G" to the home page URL.&#10004; What I like about the phone------------------------------------------1. I found the touch screen to be responsive, although it requires a little more pressure than the touch screens of my Android devices2. The screen is bright and easy to see. The phone size is 4" (length) by 2.25" (width) by 0.375" (thickness). Screen size 1.75" (width) by 2.25" (length). 3" diameter. It weighs 3.1 oz.3. This phone will be used by someone whose vision is not very good, and I was pleasantly surprised by many font size choices and how well the font scaled up without losing the usability of the menus and prompts.I am attaching a collage of five photos (which can be found by following customer photos link under the main photo). Photo #1 shows font options, Photo #2 shows a screen with font size set to medium size, Photo #3 shows a screen with large font.4. The price of this phone is hard to beat. This phone provided triple minutes for the life of the phone. That means when combined with 1 year service/400 minutes it is 1200 minutes for $90 (current price on Amazon including shipping), which is 7.5 cents per minute. Or for someone who uses a phone less than 400 minutes a year (which is the case in our family), then it is $7.50 a month for the security of having an emergency phone.5. The phone has a small set of useful apps: a calculator, a notepad, an mp3 player, and few others. Using these apps does not use minutes. If you use the browser then the minutes are used as soon as you connect and stop when you disconnect.6. A charging connector is a standard micro USB connector. I have been able to charge this phone using my own cables, so if you already have a car charger or an external battery that uses a standard USB connector you don't need to buy anything special to use it them with this phone. The charging port on LG800G is on the left side of the phone and is covered by a small panel which you need to lift up and turn 90 degrees to expose the connector.&#10004; Customization I have made---------------------------------------(1) I increased the screen time out. This is done by hitting a blue squares with 4 dots (also known as the Menu icon) and then selecting 'Settings'. From the 'Settings' screen select 'Phone' and then 'Auto-lock'. You can choose a time between 10 sec and 60 sections or 'Never'. If you select 'Never' the screen will dim but will not lock. The downside of 'Never' that if something in your purse accidentally presses on the screen you could be dialling or starting up a browser without meaning to do so.(2) I removed the browser from the main screen to the apps bar (so it would not be hit accidentally start using minutes). And added "Profiles" to the main screen, which allows to change the phone into silent or flight mode quickly.(3) I populated the contacts, and then added several numbers to the speed dial. Once the speed dial is set you will be able to access it by clicking the phone icon on the main screen, and then hold down the number of your speed dial. Speed dial #1 is your voice mail. Note that when you access your voice mail you get charged minutes. Speed dials also appear as individual buttons on the screen on the second page. To get to the second page you need to swipe your finger across the main screen right to left.(4) I changed the font of the display. This option is accessible by hitting the Menu icon, then 'Settings', then 'Display', then 'Font'.(5) I changed the ring tone. To get to this setting you need to go to the second page of Settings. Start with Menu, then Settings, then slide your finger right to left to flip the page, select 'My stuff', then 'Sounds'. The phone comes with 12 choices for rings tones.(6) You can activate and deactivate sounds by using the volume button. To do so you need to press and hold the lower portion of the volume button. You will get a brief message on the screen "Silent activated". If you press it again you will deactivate silence and get "Silent deactivated" message.&#10004; ADDING SD MEMORY CARD-------------------------------------The phone is operational without adding an SD memory card. The phone comes with some (relatively small) amount of internal memory. Information about your contacts, calendar, tasks & notes are stored in internal memory. If you are planning to take photos or videos, or listen to music, you should add an SD memory card. Note that your contacts, calendar, and tasks will continue to be stored the internal memory. I purchased this SD memory Sandisk 4GB MicroSDHC Memory Card with SD Adapter.1. SD memory card slot is located under the battery. This means that you first need to remove the cover by sliding it down. The first time I had to remove the cover it was a bit difficult, as the cover is very slippery and has no groves to hang on to. I finally was able to do it by using the grippy material used to open cans. Photo #4 shows me removing the battery cover. The grippy material generated enough friction that the cover finally slid off. After removing the cover, you need to remove the battery.2. The memory card slot is on the left side of the white SIM card. The gold bars on the card should face down towards the gold bars on the phone. The memory card goes under a metal holder. You need to lift the metal holder, place the memory card, and then lower the card holder, and push it down until it snaps in place. Note that lifting the holder for the first time requires some force. I used a tiny screwdriver to give me leverage to push it up. Photo #5 shows the holder in up position, so you can see what you need to do to insert the memory card.3. After the memory card is in place, you need to replace the battery and the phone cover, and power up the phone.4. Now, you need to set your default memory to external, and tell the camera, the video recorder, and the voice recorder to use the external memory rather than the internal memory like before.5. To set the default memory:- Tap the following sequence MENU - Settings - Phone - Memory Info - Primary storage settings- Tap on External memory (red check will appear)- There will be a FORMAT button at the bottom of the screen, tap on it- The phone will ask for a security code, enter 0000. Once you enter the security code, OK button will appear on the bottom of the screen. Click ok. Format takes about 1 second.6. To set the camera:- Tap Camera icon on the main screen holding the phone vertically, turn the phone to horizontal position, as you turn you will see camera control setting appear on the screen.- Tap the gear icon which is on the lower left side of the screen.- The memory setting is on the second screen of camera settings, so you need to tap the slider on the right hand side (it will say 1/3, first page out of three) once you tap it will change to 2/3.- On the top row you will see a square called 'select storage'. By default it will look like a cell phone, once you tap it will look like a memory card.- Hit OK to save your change7. To change the video camera:- Tap Camera icon on the main screen holding the phone vertically, turn the phone to horizon position, as you turn the camera controls will appear- Tap the gear looking icon on the bottom left- Now you need to switch from camera to video, which is done by sliding your finger from camera to video camera icon on the right hand side slider- If you do it correctly, you will see a red button appear where the video camera is. If you do it incorrectly, you will take a photo. It took me a few tries to get the pressure and location of where my finger slides correctly.- The storage setting is on the second page of the video camera, so you need to page down on the slider by tapping on 1/2.- Tap on 'Select storage' icon, and make sure you see a memory card, rather than the cell phone icon.- Click OK to save your change8. To change the voice recorder- Voice recorder is on the second page of Settings. To get there select Menu - slide you finger right to left to page - tap on Voice recorder.- The top option is 'Storage', tap on it to change cell phone icon to memory card icon.- Click ok to save your changeOverall, the phone feels nice, the screen is easy to read, when I made a few "test" phone calls I was told that I sound very clear. Other than that I am quite pleased with this phone. Note that this is NOT a full featured smart phone like Android smart phones or iPhone, but it a very cost efficient way to have an emergency phone which can do a bit more than just phone calls.Ali Julia reviewUpdate 3/9/2013: My original review stated that the thing that I like least about the phone is that its speaker phone is not loud enough to hear well without putting the phone next to your ear. However, since then I discovered that there is a setting which turns on the speaker phone, and with the setting on the phone functions well as a speaker phone. To turn on the speaker phone press on "speaker" icon, this icon will appear when you are connected to the other side on the bottom of the screen that is displayed when you are talking on the phone.  To turn it off, click on the "speaker" icon again.

I bought this phone for my friend and within a month, she had accidentally set the phone's language setting from English to Spanish. If you don't know Spanish, this can be a pain to fix! I'm not really reviewing the phone. This "review" is my version of tech support for everyone who has purchased a Tracfone LG800G, and cannot find anything in the phone's guide about how to fix this. Also note that I'm doing this primarily because several other reviews I read had people complaining about the issue, yet they didn't share any helpful knowledge with us.Here you go Internet:1. Choose the dice looking icon (which is the shortcut to the menu). 2. Choose the gear icon labeled Configuracion (settings). 3. Next choose Telefona (phone). 4. Choose Idioma (language). 5. Finally, if you're following along, you should see English. Click that and it will be saved.Hopefully this will save you the hour I spent trying to find an answer to the problem and staggering through the menu system blindly pressing buttons.

Tracfone won't help with activation problems.  They wash their hands and say to call amazon.  Watch your packAging when phone arrives for pAper that has pin you need to get your 1200 minutes.  We didn't get it but shopcelldeals was fast I responding to our email and resent pin.  We used it to add airtime from the phone and it worked great!

2/7/13 UPDATE: I have to change my rating. It has now earned a FIVE-STAR Rating.  The replacement phone &4GB card work fine. For music, I simply converted my music files to WMA format, and I found a free converter to do this.  After 6mo's, the new phone works perfectly! The 4GB card also holds other files, like video/pics. I can directly copy the files onto the 4GB card using the plastic converter to fit it into the SMMC in my PC or Laptop, or I can use the USB cord to transfer them. Also, I can use my Jabra Bluetooth that I've used with my previous phones. I mainly rely on my phone for calls, which I don't make a whole lot of, and I like music when I work-out at the gym.  It doesn't compare with a Smartphone, but getting Triple Min value whenever I need to buy them and being able to carry around some tunes/pics/videos suits me fine. I Really Like My Phone! :-)  Also, I have to give accolades to Tracfone for supporting the phone!===============================================LG 800G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)Bought my phone here for $89 WITH 400min (really 1200min after 3x factor).  Had the phone a few days now and can't play music because phone doesn't recognize the memory card that I also bought for it (can load MP3 music or pics to the card by cable or directly plugging card into PC, but the phone gives a Big FAIL RED-X after plugging it into phone/booting up). The 4GB card shows the files loaded onto the memory card when looking via the PC, but the phone doesn't recognize the card after it is plugged in. The card can't be read by the phone.  Anyway, called TracFone - they saw that I've been a loyal customer a few years and about 4-phones now, so THEY are exchanging/sending me a new LG800g.  WOW!- I bot the phone thru Amazon, NOT TracFone & THEY are sending me the new replacement phone!  Anyway, THIS DEAL is still hard to beat 'cuz you really get 1200min WITH the cell phone, (phone comes with card# for 400min which gives you 1200 Total Mins after you activate them) which loaded fine for me.  I just want to send a heads-up to all potential buyers that I DID have an issue with my purchase.

I'm so sorry that someone decided i should buy this phone over my previous Tracfone. It's complicated, and has way too many steps to go through to do the simplest things. My old, simple Tracfone was much better. I hope to reinstate it soon.

I ordered TF LG 800G phone from this vendor last Wednesday 1/25/12 and I got it today 1/27/12. I was so happy that I got the phone so fast. The package contain TF's box with triple minute for life and a paper describe 3 ways to redeem your minute with TF PIN. All I had to do was get on TF website and transfered my number and minutes from my old TF to the new one. The process went very smooth, I didn't have any problem at all. After I finished transfer I waited about a minute to turn my phone off then on, that's it I got a service. Before I bought this phone TF website said that I cannot use this phone in the area that I live. I told Rep that the old phone that I have has GSM dual system and the TF website said that I couldn't use it in these area but it worked just fine. The new one (LG800G) has the same band I don't understand why I cannot use it. So she told me to keep my old phone number and go to TF website then transfer my old number to the new one. So I went a head and bought the phone and I did what she told me to do. After I transfered I got full bar of service and triple minutes. I can make a call, receipt a call with out problem. I can even searched a web. I know some people had said that the phone is a scam. It's not a triple minute phone. But when I transfered number on TF website they even told me that this phone is a triple minute phone. The phone itself work pretty good. The touch screen work ok, not too bad. You get what you pay for. Accually I think I got this phone for free. If you think of the cost of a phone card with a year service that the price you pay for this phone. If you just think you buy a time card, you just get the phone for free with triple minute for life. I accaully got 1420 minutes because I went online and found a coupon code for 220 minutes if you got a 400 minutes time card. I used the code with the PIN that came with this phone and it went well. If you're looking for a simple phone for free this phone is for you. I truly recommended to buy from this vendor.

I bought this for my son who refuses to be tied to a monthly bill and loves a tracphone (He's had 4 so far). He loves the touch pad and the data availability. I spent the extra money for the triple minutes and it must be worth it. He's thanked me numerous times.

I like my phone very much except I was only allowed double minutes instead of triple minutes that was advertised.  Otherwise it is a very nice phone

phone arrived very fast way ahead of schedule --so far i really like it--big screen for all of us that dont see up close so well anymore--the touch screen is also very easy to use--the price was great also better then anything on tracfones web site--only downside i see is the instruction manual really doesnt even begin to tell all what the phone can do and how to do it so just play around and you will find lots of stuff

I like this phone but the space bar is not working properly after less than 30 days.  The rest of the phones features are good.

Number was transferred from AT&T without any problem. Phone still works two months later. It will pay itself off in 3 months and I'll have plenty of minutes left over. The camera is pretty good for a features phone. The stop watch and alarm work fine. Texts cost only 0.3 minutes.

I DID NOT GET THE 1200 MINUTES THAT THIS OFFER PROMISES.  Instead I received ONLY 400 minutes!  The only thing that makes this a good deal is the 1200 minutes which are, supposedly included.  Otherwise it is USELESS as you can get the same phone at Tracfone for less than this price.

Phone is simple to use, attractive, with must of the basic and required features including touch screen experience. Small, slim, handy.Cons: does not include headset, touch screen needs to press hardand is quite slow.

when you try to delete voice mail, the phone is locked out so you have to unlock it hit keypad button and then hit #7. by the time I do this it is too late to delete message. touch screen is hard for me to get use to.

love this phone.  I had a problem with my original phone (the microSD wasn't working).  but shopcelldeals sent me another phone and it is working great. shopcelldeals is great to work with and I would highly recommend.

It was easy to tranfer my old phone number and minutes from my old phone to the LG 800G by using TracFone online.  I just followed the instructions and was up and running in less than 10 minutes.  I know others have complained about minutes not transferring or minutes not tripling but I did not have this problem.  The TracFone online site has easy to understand directions and is not intimidating to anyone with a little computer savy.  After initially setting up my phone I added minutes later via the phone when I used up my residual minutes and everything worked perfectly.  Triple minutes are a good deal.  The phone itself is easy to customize to your specific needs and it is much easier for me to use the touch screen than the buttons on my last flip phone to dial numbers or retrieve my address book.  Would recommend this phone to anyone that wants a simple to use phone that is reasonable in price and provides reasonably priced service.  I do not surf or text so I do not know how those features work so I cannot comment on them but I am very pleased overall with the coverage, reliability, and ease of use for this phone.

Works okay for just talking.  Good luck getting you voice mail.  Continually goes into lock even if you set not to lock.  You get it free with the minutes.  That must be the only way LG can sell it.This is a pure software problem and lack of proper quality control.I will not buy any LG product because their quality is so poor.  I keep the phone to convince others not to buy LG products.

This phone was the worst phone i ever got! Seriously i had it for maybe 2 monthes and it doubles your text and lost of other unplesant stuff...im just glad i called the company to complain and they gave me a free MOTOROLA EX124G!

It seems to be working fine.Continued from last item:I didn't know which was which so gave most minutes to wrong Grandson.

Been a tracfone customer for several years and this phone does a good job, although the touchscreen frequently requires multiple touches to activate a function. Has an annoying screen-lock during calls that makes it a pain to get to the keypad. Also can't browse the web, since it doesn't have any way to enter commands on the touchscreen. But as a basic semi-smart phone, it does the job and keeps my costs to about $15 a month as I don't do a lot of calling.

LG-800 has good features.  Triple minutes are prime.  Voice quality on some calls are poor even with several bars of reception. Overall, this is a great value.

I bought this device at Walgreen's with the NET10 (aka Tracfone) Unlimited service. At first it was the best thing since sliced bread and I would have bee more than happy to to have come on here and give it 5 stars. It worked well and had many features, and of course it was dirt cheap. Touch screen for less than $50 bucks! Who could complain, right? Well, sit back, because I'm going to do so now.After you buy this phone to set it up you must either log into NET10's site or call their 1-800 number from ANOTHER phone. Waste of time. Oh...and if you buy the phone after hours forget the latter option. They will be closed. And yes, after hours includes weekends.The phone uses resistive touch technology. That means that the screen is soft and actually depresses when you touch it. That makes selecting an item difficult at times and requires numerous touches, even though the phone will vibrate or make a sound telling you that it has received input. If the item you are trying to select is close to the edge of the screen, forget it. Try to drag the view away from the edge or get a stylus. Your finger will be useless.Browsing the internet on this thing is a nightmare. Of course the browser is as basic as it gets and is as slow as cold lava. Most web pages will have too much content and when that happens you are told, but then instead of just aborting the process, it also kicks you offline and you go back to your splash screen! This requires you to restart the browser, yet again. One solution to this is to disable browsing with images. Open each image one at a time (by touching the icon, preferably with your stylus), refreshing the page after each image has been viewed. Be sure to make the resolution as small as possible when opening images because ONE large image can also render you in the original situation as well. Opening more than one at a time MAY render you in the original situation.The service was 30 days unlimited, which for the most part it is, but NET10/Tracfone has this annoying habit of giving you 50,000 minutes and counting down from that EVERY TIME you use the phone. No month has 50,000 minutes in it, so that's fine, but seeing how many minutes are deducted before or after EVERY action (including receiving and sending texts) is a waste of time. There is no ability to call or text overseas with this service.The sign of things to come came a month after I got it. I got wet in the rain one day and the phone (although it was in my pocket the entire time and was not exposed to direct wetting) stopped working. It eventually came back on by itself. about a month after that one day I was sending a text to a friend of mine and it just hung up and reset itself. And it kept restarting and shutting down for hours on end. I could not get it to stop. I eventually just threw it away. I don't miss it. (Well...I do miss the "Good Morning" ringtone that used to be my alarm! It really sets the morning out on the right foot and will be guaranteed to have you humming or singing it ALL day. Heck, even friends will join in. Now that I'm back home I will install it on my own phone for sure!) I replaced the 800G with another NET10 phone because I figured I had the number already so I might as well just continue with it since I only had a week left in the US. All I had to do was swap the chip and I would be good, right? Not with NET10/Tracfone. The old SIM was useless. To get back my number I had to log into the website and move my old account to the new phone. A Fairly simple task, but unnecessary in today's world.In short, I don't like this phone and I don't like NET10/Tracfone. I plan to throw away the other phone I bought (itself was garbage on an entirely different level) and never look back. You get what you pay for in this phone/service. But my advice is for the potential buyer to wait a few more weeks, save up the extra money and buy a proper phone. Get one with capacitive touch technology (like an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy) and find a better service provider. Please. Do yourself a favour and avoid the hassle.

Ordered on Tuesday received on Thursday. Nice phone works great. Had no problems with 1200 minutes airtime card, used promo code 78254 and received 1450 minutes total. Had no problems with tracfone transfering my phone number and minutes to new phone took about 10 minutes. Phone is latest version V10e. Buy it you won't be sorry.

My son received the phone and activated it.  Since he hasn't travelled much, we don't really know what the coverage will be.  In any event the coverage is great in East-Central Illinois as well as in the Western suburbs of Chicago.It works very well and he is pleased to see that texting is even cheaper than phone calls.He immediately received 3x the minutes he put into it (400 minutes converted into a little over 1200 minutes), at least with the card which came with the phone.  The phone is also attractive and handy to use.  We are very pleased with this phone.

I got this phone back in January of this year, because I was spending a small fortune a month with my iphone!  I couldn't be happier!!  I  haven't had any problems with this phone at all!  And I'm saving over $600.00 a year!!Thank you Tracfone!! :)

Phone is basically unusable for texting.  Other than that the phone is fine you can hear and be heard, but for me texting is crucial, not enough screenspace and it misreads letters all the time.  Tracfone is great but avoid this phone if you want to text!

If u want just a regular phone with the gedjets and gadjets then here u go. Make and recieve phone calls plus testing. :)

It was only 2 weeks old and it died with all my minutes along with it.  I had to wait for new phone and then call numerous times to get the triple plan back on my phone.  Its not a plan for people who talk  a lot on the phone.The service is fine and I never drop calls and the phone is touch screen, so it is easy to use

Fast shipping. 400 hundred minutes plus 1150 bonus f you apply promotion code ( can be found on the tracfone website). Transferring my old cell number to tracfone is smoother than I would ever imagine. The phone itself is very easy to operate and its signal coverage is better than sprint. Last but least, the price is cheaper than what you can get elsewhere.

had to wait far too long for activation as old carrier shut off phone as soon as i tried to activate using my phone number. leaving me without cell phone service. nearly 5 days.

WE have used Tracfones for years ,my wife and myself only to stay in touch it work etc. We are NOT on the phone ALL the time due to our JOBS.. so this phone is free with the 1200 minutes ,just sorry I did not buy 2 at the time. You can't go wrong .....Wife very HAPPY with hers

I have been a Tracfone user since TF was analog.  Went through the digital transition with various Motorola Tracfones.  Replaced my last phone with this.  What a difference!  Fires up and finds the signal quickly.  Seems to have a stronger signal then my old phones ever did.  I use this as a phone (yes its a phone but seems like apps etc are turning it into something other then a phone.) and I am now doing a few texts.  I like the fact I can do a voice text and not have to do all the typing.  I seldom had my prior phones on due to short lived batteries, not so with this one.  Like my wife's LG500 these phones can stay one for a long time.  With the gel cover and protective screen cover, I throw this in my pocket (the screen locks so no surprise calling out!)  I like the bigger screen.  Its one I can see without my glasses.  I was due to buy some time for my old Tracfone (I had double minutes on that one.) and the cost for a year and double minutes was the same as getting this new phone with triple minutes!  It was a no brainer!!!  I called Tracfone directly and asked if they could equal this deal.  They said they could but it would cost me more!?  They couldn't (wouldn't) get close to this.  I also lucked out and this seller had an additional $10 off!  Great features on a great phone.  Not a smart phone but darn close.  I transferred my old phone number and minutes and activated this phone on the internet.  Had a bit of a glitch when I went to check on my minutes.  All of the minutes did not transfer.  Called TF (patience is a virtue!) and in a short time they got me all of the minutes and added a few bonus minutes for the inconvenience. Great phone, great seller, great Tracfone!

Got phone quickly! Packaging very good. Watch for white 8.5 X 11 sheet of paper with Pin and instructions. Save green card with phone ser#. We called Tracfone to activate. After jumping thru icon hoops we got it activated for 10 min 90 days service. Was told to call 1-888-281-8444 to get 1 year service and 1200 min and triple for life. NO WORK! This # I think this is for HSN customers and it wanted a 9 digit order # (amazon's are much longer). Got stuck in automated phone hell there and no humans on line.... So.... went to tracfone.com and selected ADD AIRTIME and then selected ADD CARD ONLINE. I entered the Enter Airtime PIN from that white 8.5 X 11 sheet of paper and  entered TracFone Telephone Number (after charging a bit, turn phone on by holding down top right button, hit end key to get screen on, unlock with screen icon, select DICE icon, select prepaid, select My Phone Number, write # down)Saw "Have a Promo Code?" Nope, wish I did... Hit SUBMIT... Hey that was EASY...take that STAPLES! Hit END key on your new phone and start Yacking cause U got 1210 minutes and 425 service days! It remains to be seen about the triple minutes for life.. whose life? tracfone, amazon or the 3rd party with no phone # that actually sold it 2 U. OH , You also can activate the phone online at [...] select ACTIVATE PHONE, select ACTIVATE/REACTIVATE , Choose your option (Activate my TracFone with a new number or Reactivate my TracFone.) and there's a HELP ICON 2 Boot! No humans to give U the wrong # to automated phone hell.. Well done Tracfone/Amazon. Didn't have a chance yet to see how the ACTIVATED Fone works with all those minutes because I'was BZY 2 finger typing to U all.. Hope this tutorial helps a fellow Tracfoner!

this phone is hard to hear on--it seems like every call has dropped words, a problem I never had before.  Thefunctions are easy to use and the display is large and easy to read.

First let me say that this phone has proven to be much better than expected.  I had, for years, used the Tracfone Motorola 376W and was, basically, content with it (although I preferred my earlier version...the 370 for sound quality...I got the 376 because it had Bluetooth). The reason I bought this phone was two-fold:  1) I wanted to upgrade the phone, primarily, because a new technological version was available and I love new toys; and 2) the cost of this phone was (here on Amazon, at least,...w/triple minutes and 1200 minutes to start) pretty much the same as just purchasing a year card (400 minutes) with dmfl (therefore, 800 minutes from Tracfone).  Additionally, I found a 300 minute bonus code on-line so I got 1500 minutes total and a new phone for the price of 400-800 minutes!This phone is, for the most part, fairly simple to use.  To prevent any problems with downloads, I did upgrade the memory.There was a problem at first:  the battery wouldn't give a full charge...so I dealt w/ TF on their Facebook page and within 4 days had a new battery in my phone.  The new battery is doing quite well.  The phone has been on, in standby (and an occasional use on my part) for four days and the battery is still fully charged.There were some things I didn't know how to do...again I went to the Facebook page...responses were, for the most part, immediate...including late at night and during the week-end.  Frankly, they're easier to deal with on FB than on the phone.I have done minimal texting (no one I know really does it...we prefer to speak to each other) but have not had any problems in sending or receiving.  I have downloaded 2 browsers to the phone (Opera Mini and Bolt)and they have proven to be much better than the browser TF gives. I also have bookmarked FB on all 3 browsers and get in easily.I wanted to verify the TMFL...since I purchased the phone via a seller here on Amazon...back to the FB page and they verified, in writing, that I had TMFL.The sound quality is great. I wanted a loud ring tone...it took a while to figure it out and no one at TF knew how to make it louder.  Finally, for a really loud tone, one you can even hear in its case in a briefcase or bag, choose the outdoor mode.Now, if you're expecting an Iphone or a Blackberry or...this is not the phone for you...But, if you want a phone that's contemporary, does, basically, everything that the others do but at a much lower price, then this is the phone for you.  Although the proverb says "you get what you paid for"...I think I did much better than expected and, in the long run, I'm extremely happy.

Received in a couple of days.Was as described in the ad.My wife loves her new phone!!!Someone in another review said it had "Cartoonish" icons.If they would have read their manual they would have seen that you can change your icons.We were looking for something that had a Querty Keyboard for texting purposes and this fit the bill perfectly.The BonusMagnetic Closure Belt Case.And Wall ChargerAnd 1 year of FREE serviceAnd 1200 minutesAnd Triple minutes for LifeMade this purchase a "NO BRAINER"

ProsA quality built phone at a good price with many nice features. Its a perfect match for the budget minded buyer who is looking to control annual costs and willing to accept somewhat less than smart a phone.Cons1. I wish that Tracfone and partner Net10 supported the new Mobile  Alert System (CMAS) like other carriers do.2. Even after changing the phone's settings, that extremely annoying "press and hold" lockout feature still persists......I would still buy this phone. but due to this feature I would can longer recommend it to those who demand a reasonable degree of perfection.

I had already purchased two of these a few months before: one double minute direct from TracFone for $50 (20 minutes included), and one triple minutes for life from HSN (1200 minutes included) for $140.  1200 minutes is a tripled 400 minute/1 year card which sells for $99 at TracFone. So just subtract $99 from the price you pay for a TML w 1200 minutes to get what you paying for this fabulous little phone under this offer -- $10.I bought two more LG 800G's just this week from this vendor because this is one of the best cell phones ever offered by TracFone.  Now I have four LG 800G's -- one for myself, one for my wife, and one for each of my daughters. I also purchase a Motorola EX124G TML, but I sent it back to TracFone.  In my opinion the LG 800G is a much better value.These LG 800G's under this offer are all Software version 10d (S/W V10d) which is why they are discounted with triple minutes.  What you get are new double-minute phones with a pin to convert to a triple minute for life with 1200 minutes.TracFone is phasing into a later version LG 800G with software version 10e (S/W V10e). But you can only get the newer 10e version at Net10 - without triple minutes (in fact, not even double minutes.)[EDIT 18 Dec 2011:  All new phones now being shipped are versions S/WV10e]Some early users of the V10d LG 800G's reported having text message issues.  I never had any issues with text messages, but the real kicker is that if you do, TracFone will replace your version 10d with a newer version 10e for free  - and your TML and all you minutes transfer -- You can't lose.If you are new to the LG 800G, I suggest you frequent the Turk Forum for clues on how to use all the many features of this jewel, as the documentation that comes with the phone is very skimpy.  Amazon doesn't allow hyperlinks, so I have inserted spaces in the link below -- to use the link copy it into your browser then remove the spaces before activating the link.http : // s1 . zetaboards . com / Turk / index /Another useful link is the LG 800G tutorial on StraightTalk (another sunsidiary of TracFone). Same deal on spaces:http: // tracfone . deviceanywhere . com / straighttalk / home . seam ; jsessionid = C116E62C0C139531594C507DDD4EAE36 ? locale = en_US&deviceId; = 718&cid; = 287030eIf you can't make the above links work (after taking out the spaces) then just do a Google search on "LG 800G Tutorial"

Perfect for someone who only needs a phone for emergencies and for use when out and about to connect with friends  and when on vacation.The camera and video also come in handy.

We bought one for my wife, and when we saw how good it was, another for me. We live only an hour's drive from the shipping location, and each phone was received via Priority Mail the next business day after ordering. We've had about eight tracfones in the last ten years and had (mostly minor) issues with all of them until the LG800g.  These are easier to use, easier to read the displays, and provide great sound quality for calls. By the time we had entered our contacts list, we were very comfortable with the touch-screen tactile feel.A silicon/rubber type cover or case will make the phone more secure in your hand. The LG800g is light and sleek/slick, and it's easily dropped if not in a snug cover.  It can only handle a 4 gig micro SD memory card, which Amazon had for $3.98.  We probably won't use the MP3 capability, and will text only occasionally, but we both find the virtual QWERTY touchscreen keyboard very user-friendly.  For us, web-browsing is a low priority since we find the tablet and net-book easier to see and use.  But we have both given browsing a try, and feel it is adequate for a non-smart cell-phone.At the $99.50 price in effect as of mid-July, you get the phone, a year's service, 1200 minutes, plus 200 bonus minutes from promo code 44811 or 83844 (I forget which one worked) In effect, you get the phone and triple-minutes-for-life for the same price as the year of service would normally cost.  We both love these phones!

LG TracfoneVery easy to use even for a non cell phone user like myself.  Texting and taking pics is a breeze.  So far am really liking this phone and would highly recommend it.

This is a &#34;smart&#34; little phone and the total package of phone,  minutes,  and I year of service make it well worth the price.  Very easy to activate and I have 3 and 4 bars of reception in an area that usually gets less and even dropped calls. Very happy.  I will say the touch screen gets a 90% rating but it is my first and only took one day to get &#34;the feel of it.&#34;  Full charge on the battery lasts four to five days with 10 to 20 minutes per day call/texting.

This is a great deal! Triple minutes for life of the phone with the best phone that Tracfone currently offers.Please help me hound Tracfone to come out with a GPS enabled phone. Until then this is the best they have and at the best price!

As someone also just posted about the airtime card already being redeemed, this just happened to me also! I called Tracfone and was informed that the code from the airtime card has already been redeemed by someone else! Just got this in the mail today! Phone works fine but cannot add the 1200 minutes. This is one of the main reasons I got this phone. Just talked with Amazon customer support and was told they will contact the seller for me. Have to wait for them to email me with a resolution. Guess I will just have to wait for now and hope they fix this soon.  I will change my rating if this is taken care of promptly.Update 7/12/13:  The seller contacted me by email and apologized for the issue.  They asked for my Tracfone number and by the next day I had my 1200 minutes. I am happy with the quick response.  If this happens to you then I suggest you contact Amazon as I did and hopefully you will get a quick resolution also.  I am changing my rating to 5 stars now.

Phone is very good except for sensitivity of touch keypad- too easy to get adjoining letter in typing. Minutes plan good and setting up fairly easy.

Some reviewers had issues-just make sure you use the Tracfone website to activate your phone first-use the activation card. Then use the tracfone PIN to get your airtime-I used my phone to do it right after I got the activation message. You dont even have to talk to any customer service reps. I got my phone a couple days after ordering it-seems like will be a good little phone.

first cell phone diedsecond cell phone problems key pad, can't achieve voice mail &#34;key pad problem&#34;,poor signal.not happy.

Basic cellphone was some added features.  Don't expect this to be a smart phone or an iPad.  The one I bought has triple minutes which is great.  Has a  basic camera / video recorder, voice recorder, can play music files.The most annoying thing as when you make a call and you need to press number buttons, you have to use the  touch  screen to unlock it to get access to the keypad.  It has rudimentary Internet access but I found it tedious.I went ahead in bought a hard case to cover it in case it was dropped.

This is awful!  I wanted to change my cell phone # because I was receiving 1-2 unwanted texts per day thru my AT&T cell.  I immediately put my new number on the "do not call" list, but in less than a week I am innundated with rapid-fire marketing texts.  I've replied "stop" and "stop.  do not call.  do not text"  I e-mailed customer no-service -- there's nothing they can do, but I could try a new phone #!  I put the offending caller in a group and assigned that group to reject.  Nothing works; I will not even turn the phone on anymore!  Repeated marketing texts interupt everything I try to do.  It's a nightmare!

I'm very pleased with this purchase!  I replaced an older LG phone and transferred my phone number and minutes to this new LG.  The offer is exactly as stated: I also used a promo code (78254, worked during June 2012) to get an additional 250 bonus minutes---so in sum, I got 1450 minutes and a new phone for $95.  This is a great deal!This phone is pretty cool, and easy to use--even for fat-fingered folks like myself.  I'm very happy with this purchase.  I should also mention that this seller shipped the phone SUPER FAST, as I ordered it on Wednesday night and had it here by the weekend.  Thank you!

If you want to save money on a phone plan this is the only way to go. I don't live on my phone like so many people and this phone is what I needed. Say good bye to commitment to other phone plans and get this one from Tracfone.

I got the phone, 1,200 minutes and the year of service.  No complain. When a deal is too good you tent to think this can not be true. But in this case you get what you are offered.

Item delivered promptly. However, tracfone received is 2010 model and battery requires daily recharging which may be an indication of old battery and suspect item is possibly a refurbished one; also have been unable to set up voicemail as per instructions and so far unable to contact tracfone. Do not care to do business with this company again.

I give the phone two thumbs up. Problem? "Buy all three for....."The 4 gig memory chip suggested purchase does not fit this phone. It is twice the size of the one required in order to fit under the battery. Not even close in size or contact grid.

This little phone, the LG800G, is a great upgrade from my old flip phone, once I figure out all the features. The seller was quick to respond and fixed a glitch in the Airtime Pin that had shorted me on the minutes. Kudos to the seller.

It's a small and fairly lightweight prepaid phone with nice features for the price, would recommend it as a starter touch screen.

I have been with Tracfone for around 20 years now and love the company and the phones.  I purchase a new phone every few years just to get the latest features and this has been a great touch screen phone.  Would recommend this phone to anyone.

This phone is all one needs at a great price. The triple minutes is a great bonus, Tracfone is a reliable service, and this phone can handle music, ebooks, weather, and other apps as well. Not an IPHONE, but it's also not an IPHONE price either. Good value.

You can't pay less for a seldom-used phone than this package.  The only thing that kept it from five-star territory is Tracfone's customer service, which is really awful.  Don't call them.

I have had this phone for about a month now.  My wife and I both got one with the triple minutes and so far it has been great.  The coverage in my area (central MN) has been just fine and it has worked everywhere I have used it.  If you are just looking for a nice little phone to have and not using it to talk to everyone this is the phone for you.  I am really glad I bought this phone!

This phone is amazing, the voice is clear, I haven't had any problems with it at all.  Have not been disspppointed

I bought my first LG800g last weekend at BB for $35 just to see it operate.  I wanted to see if a touchscreen would help with my wife's poor eyesight.  The next day, I ordered this package with plans to replace both of our Verizon Razr 3ms.  Since we were averaging only 200 minutes a month with Verizon, our $80 plan was costing us 40c a minute.  A touchscreen phone from them would have cost $30 more !!  Tracfone comes to about 6.25c a minute and including Europe !!After both phones were working; I used the Tracfone website on Saturday to port both numbers.  One phone took 20 minutes, the second 30 minutes.  Within an hour, I received an email from Verizon that we were no longer allowed access our account online (even thou they still owe us money).The phone works great and has many features left for me to discover.  The only minus is that I have yet to find a detailed set of instructions.  I have just ordered another $99 package in order to add 1200 minutes to our first phone and also obtain a spare LG800g for $25 more.  The phones can be switched out on the Tracfone website.

Great deal to take advantage of.  I will pick up a second 800G when I need the minutes.  This phone is far superior to the crappy Samsung 401.  The Samsung had terrible reception, but the LG got 4 bars of reception in the SAME places where the Samsung had none...  Also, the Samsung would not provide cell service when I left my town...  No such problems with the LG.  Nor does the LG have issues of constantly rebooting itself like the Samsung.  Good price for the minutes, even better with the LG800 included.

This is a good phone for a low volume user like myself. I have a Blackberry for work and and iTouch for movies, mp3, and games. I use this for my personal calls. Sound quality is good. Build quality is good. This price is excellent at $99 for 1 year of 1200 minutes. Hard to go wrong at this price point. It's no IPhone, but that's okay with me at this price.

Received right away, call TP to set up, switch number and add 1200 minutes. Went well, phone works great, not alot of apps, but there were none for TP until recent. I would recommend this phone and service.

i am very happy with this phone  i can use it in my car hands free  with the bluetooth setup  also i listen to music on my car from the phone  record video  take pictures  voice recorder  large  number capacity  phonebook  and a WHOLE lot more  WHATS NOT TO LIKE

my wife hated it and told me to buy her another phone which i did.she was not comfortable with it

product easy to use, many features found on a smart phone, good quality sound and audio.Auto lock feature is convenient, cuts down on my pocket calls

I purchased this phone back in November of 2011, so now have lots of experience with it. I recently inadvertently washed the phone, so that killed it, and I ordered another to replace it.  Arrived in two days, was easy to transfer over my number/minutes/time.  Love it.  Best deal on a cell phone anywhere. Where else can you get a full year of cell phone service and the phone for $85 including shipping.  The 1200 minutes that came with it are more than enough for me for an entire year.I have also purchased one for another family member.  These were originally bought as an upgrade to another Tracfone model, so I called them and they transferred over the number, the minutes from the old phone, and I got the triple minutes added to it with no problem.  Actually the triple minute deal was the incentive to upgrade.  Very pleased with how the Customer service worked out, and pleased with the performance of the phone.  I have used it coast to coast in addition to my 'home' area and it has never failed to work well. The voice quality is excellent, loud compared to my old phone, which is a plus.Everyone should understand that every company now mostly uses Customer Service people from another country.  You have be understanding of the communication difficulties that exist.  They really do want to help you!The phone works great and the interfaces are clearly understandable.  I use it basically as a voice phone--I don't text much, but do I love being able to check my email/stock quotes/weather and only use a minute or two of airtime each time doing that.  This is a much better plan for a 'light' user than a contract phone.  Since the minutes rollover I have something like over 3000 minutes built up . .which means I could prob use it more and not worry about running out before my expiration date next year.  I can certainly see how it is that Consumer Reports has rated Tracfone as the #1 Company for quality/service among all the prepaid carriers.I downloaded the Opera 4.4 browser for the mobile web and it works flawlessly each time.  Much better than the mobile web browser that came with the phone.  The pre-loaded apps for calculator, music player, etc clearly are a notch above what I had been accustomed to with the old phone which was a Motorola flip phone.Even the little cell phone camera in it is ok . sufficient if you get in a bind, but of course no way comparable to the digital SLR that I normally use.  But who said it was that good anyway?I highly recommend this product to anyone who is not obsessed with using a contract phone plan!

I just got the phone. It sounded like a good deal and I had hoped the triple minutes applied to the 1200, but at least it is for life. The rollover days are nice as well. This way you do not lose any minutes. 3 texts per minute is pretty nice. I am new to the touchscreens. Well, let me just get right into it. The calibration touch does not seem to change anything. The QWERTY keyboard would be more useful if you could use it to help transfer over all those contacts if you need to swith phone carriers.  The lockscreen is annoying when you ar in the middle of setting up your voicemail even after you turn off this function. Also, if you are a male you might think about getting a styllus pen because this phone is a lot smaller than one would think.

Purchase of the phone and activation has been flawless (total 2 phones purchased).  The only problem I am having is finding a compatible bluetooth speakerphone.  I have a Motorola T305 that was paired with a previous Tracfone (Samsung 301), but the LG800 phone would not find it.  So, thinking it was a compatibility issue, I purchased a LG HBM800 speaker car kit bluetooth , thinking LG products should be able to "talk to each other", but it would not pair with the cell phone.  I have researched and apparently a Samsung HF1000 is compatible with this phone.Anyone out there have found a bluetooth that have worked with thes LG800 phone?  I should get the Samsung bluetooth in a week or so, but almost questioning whether it's the phone vs. the bluetooth (my old Motorola bluetooth worked with the Samsung T404 phone(bought from same seller) & a Blackberry).Thanks for any inputs.02/02/12: Finally found a bluetooth speakerphone that worked on the LG800.  It's the Samsung HF1000 (got it from Amazon).  So far it has clear sound reception.  The only thing was wished it had voice activation for outgoing calls (The Motorola T305 had that feature).

As advertised, promptly got the phone and the triple minute deal. No hassles and problems. So far this phone works great for me. Just be careful of getting on line accidentally. This happened to me and I didn't know I was eating minutes. I don't talk on the phone a lot so this is a very economical way to keep my cell phone service  activated.

Amazon offers phone "with" 1000 min. When you register phone, you get 20 min. Then you speak to someone in (?) China (Tracfone) who tells you that the 1000 min has to come from Amazon. Then, you call Amazon (country?) and get told that it is "not understood"--you can have a refund in 2 weeks. In the meantime, you just spent 3 hours on the phone struggling to understand whats being said regarding the misrepresentations of Amazon.

Would like to purchase this phone, but I know it is not available for my area (zip code).  Before you buy a phone to be used in your area, check with Tracfone online and see what phones are available.  Tried to order one from HS and was denied because of my zip code.

A touch-screen phone with some easy access gadgets &lt;alarm clock> but has poor battery quality. The phones battery life is shorter than the LG500 and often unresponsive- you must take the back cover off, remove and replace the battery for the phone to turn on. This is a serious issue with the phone and it gets three stars only for the time it does work... otherwise this phone has so many issues it should be one star or returned because it is junk. I hate it but need a prepaid and this came with minutes, touch-screen, and a one year service deal.Update: So Tracfone sent me another phone and just today a volume error has left the phone producing no noise/sound. It took me three hours (they actually offered me FIVE minutes back to my plan after I spent 180+ minutes calling from my phone) and three phone calls to transfer my service to this new phone because of the horrible broken English customer service. I am soo terrified of speaking with Tracfone customer service I feel like trashing this phone: with over 250 service days and thousands of minutes, losing all my contacts, and having to re-network everything linked to my current number.I liked Tracfone with the LG500 because I never used their customer service or had issues with the phone. Now, if possible, I will steer clear of this companies prepaid in the future. Maybe a better prepaid server would fit the bill?

this was a new contract as old one was going broke.good investment for me.you have to buy this contract

Ordered this phone for my daughter.  It's small enough to fit in a pocket easily.  The phone works well, and the minutes included make this a great value!

I found the directions clear and the phone has large digits making it easy to read.The battery life is good. I am pleased with this purchase and would recommend it to others.

Well I have had an older basic Tracfone for a few years and have had affordable mobile cell phone use at very low cost for myself and my wife. I read the reviews on this LG800G and at first did not go for it because of some of the negative comments.  The phone arrived priorty Mail 5 days after I ordered it.  Inside the box was the familiar Tracfone package and the LG800G life time triple minute phone inside.  Also a sheet of paper explaining how to add the minutes and the pin number for the minutes on the same sheet of paper.  Activating the phone first online was easy(phone comes with 20 minutes), then adding the 400 minute 1 year (1200 after tripling) minutes using the tracfone online site also worked fine and i got 1220 minutes and 425 days of service.  This is the best way to deal with Tracfone...add minutes online.  My main gripe is the touch screen.  First it feels like frosted plastic.  Second it is not as senstative to touch as I hoped for.  I have an Ipod 4th generation and so I am spoiled.  I put a screen protector on it as soon as i could because it just seems very "scratchable".  I was concerned about accidental  Internet "browsing" but I was able to move the Icon for that off the main screen.  Also I tried the browser very breifly and it was just .5 unit for under the minute i was connected.  It gave me a warning I was about to go online and gave me the option to back out.  I did not go any further with that until I find the manual for the phone that is suppose to be somewhere on the Tracfone Website.  The Manual that comes with the phone (English and Spanish) is not bad for basic use but not enough for all the options. It doesnt tell you want happens after you hit the browser Icon...It will be trial and error as your minutes get used up. Text message was .3 unit and seems fine.  I have not talked on it yet but dont expect that to be any less than what I am accustomed to with my older Tracfone. This LG800G phone is ok but don't expect good touch experience. I wanted the ablilty to occasionally get on the web to check email and that is why i upgraded to this level. I liked the design of the Tracfone T404G slide out keyboard but was concerned about the many accidental browser button mishaps reported in the reviews...no touch screen to compalin about with that phone...so I did not get it...mabye I should have gotten it?  There is my remorse.  I am going to keep the LG 800G phone anyway.  I did not order a USB Cable because I have so many cables I thought i would have one that fits...WRong!  LG cable needed for this phone.  There is a $2.5O  cable on Amazon that I just orded today...includes shipping.  If you don't have the cable you can't connect the phone to your PC to put things on the micro sd card ( you need to buy that too)...it sits under the battery inside the phone...that would be a hassle to remove it everytime you wanted to add or delete MP3 songes or whatever to the card ( and mabye lose all yur settings you made on the phone)...so you will need the cable.  The 1200 one year minute deal is great  so I am happy with that.  Tracfone is still in my opinion a good way to go for people who want mobile phone use at the lowest possible cost.  Very nice to have when on vacation!!!!!  Good Luck with your decision and hope you make the best choice for you!  Hopes this helps!

I already had a Tracfone and wanted to update. The old phone worked perfectly but I wanted something new. I have had contract phones before but I found myself paying for services and minutes I didn't need. Tracfones are great for my use. This phone is very easy to use. Texting and sending photos is very simple. I transferred my old phone number and left over minutes. I received my triple minutes by using the code supplied. Very good experience. I bought a cover from Amazon and screen protector. Both fit perfectly. I love my new phone.

I don't use the internet on my phone, so Tracfone works great for me.  I call when I need to and text when I want to and I probably only spend $150.00 a year on airtime.

THIS IS MY SECOND TRACFONE.  THE PRICE IS RIGHT.  I LIKE NOT HAVING TO PAY FOR A HIGH PRICE MONTHLY PLAN.  THIS SERVES BASIC NEEDS VERY WELL.

I call this my &#34;half-wit&#34; phone.  By no means a &#34;smart phone&#34;, but far better than my last Tracfone.  My biggest complaint is that the main menu screen has everything I ever use is on the secondary screen, which requires a finger swipe to get to.  I have no problem using the touchscreen with my fingers, though don't expect the look and feel of an iPhone.  My favorite feature is that the phone locks on just about any screen; so, for example, I can have my shopping list or stop watch up and still lock it and put it back in the holder.  Also, triple minutes means that, with the right promo code, you can get down to around $.06/minute - I haven't been able to get anywhere near this with any other plan.  Oh, and don't plan to use this for a lot of web browsing.

After months of research for which this forum was very helpful, I purchased the LG800 from Amazon that was sold as 1200 minutes and Triple minutes for lifeI set up lots of stuff on the LG800, ported old cell number all fine except... only 20 minutes of time and nothing in progress even though had done the PIN for minutes set up and a ticket showing I had 1200 minutes and a year.Then after 3 different calls to Tracfone, both CS and Miami, their gals checking with supervisors and once transferred to HSN (which I have never used) they claimed shopcelldeals was not an authorized retailer. One told me only HSN could offer the 1200 minutes (at higher price now.)THIS IS INCORRECT!  shopcelldeals had me redo the pin set up on the tracfone website. I had done it previously when ported the old cell number. In fact have a ticket number confirming the 1200 minutes, yet only 20 showed up on phone and nothing "in process" using the 555 code.But now redid the pin set up and phone now shows 1220 minutes and expires in 13 months. Remember PIN in the fold out flyer is different from Serial number - both are 15 digits)The phone is great, I ordered accessories, bluetooth etc.

The vendor, ShopCellDeals, not only has great prices on Tracfone products, but also they are MOST PROFESSIONAL in their dealings. They answer emails promptly and handle issues professionally. I purchased an LG800G phone (my second from ShopCellDeals) and Tracfone screwed up the activation. It took four l.o.n.g calls to Tracfone to even get them to admit they screwed up, and they almost, but not quite, solved the problem. Two brief emails to ShopCellDeals and the problem was completely solved. After my experience, I would only recommend purchasing a new Tracfone from ShopCellDeals, not Tracfone.

We use the phone regularly, it has taken some time to learn the touch screen. The unity has a lot of qualities, does a very nice job.

I'm still learning to use. Not finding it easy. That's more likely simple-minded me.The big issue I'm having so far is the number of minutes that loaded onto the phone was half that promised(600, instead of 1200). I have sent a message to seller, will update as soon as I hear back. Hope I'm able to upgrade my review, with resolution(over minutes), and further learning about how to use all the features.**Update 10-26-12**Contacted seller regarding minutes problem - Seller added correct minutes to phone, very quickly. I still need some more time with the phone, to learn how to use all the features. Will possibly update again. I moved the # of stars from 3 to 4, hope to bump it up again.

This bundle is a good deal vs purchasing everything individually. We purchased this phone to be used for occasional use only. With the triple minutes for life, the included minutes will last us the entire year and then some.When the service time runs out next year, I can purchase another 1 service + 1200(400 tripled) minutes for about $75-$80 at best price. That equates to about $6.50/month, which is next to nothing to own a phone.If you're looking for a phone particularly for occasional or emergency use, this will be great choice for you.

Pros:LightDecent amount of featuresPriceCons:Very annoying 'lock' feature.It isnt really a smart phone, think of it as a semi-smart phone.Its operating system is slow, clunky, and the interface is not very user friendly.Tracfone / Net10 reassign phone numbers so often that you might get a number that was recently someone elses. Youll be getting calls from their friends and text from spammers everyday (at least in my case)Overall its an ok phone, but next time I'll make the leap of faith, spend the few dollars more and get a contracted iphone.

This cool little touch screen phone works great-fun to use and looks good, too! Comes with the 1200 minutes which are good fora whole year-and you can add extra minutes any time you need more. It's great for people who don't use the phone or textingall day long-that's for those unlimited plans. This one worksgreat for me! Fast shipping and easy to set up and use. Highly recommend this deal-best deal I found on the net for the sameor similar phones!

The phone is very good. It has a lot of features including music and pictures. The 2 mp camera works very well. The video has poor resolution. There are a lot of Java apps available for free. If this phone had a GPS installed, it would be a great phone.

I don't use a cell phone as much as most people but I wanted one that had the features of the LG 800. This phone is easy to use and works great.  My  SIM is AT&T and I have good signal strength out in the county where I live. The price was good and the triple minutes for life is a +.  My wife just got a Motorola EX124G, now she wants my LG. I guess I'll be getting her a LG 800 for Christmas

The phone is very light and hard to hold due to this lightness and it is quite slippery.  It should come with some sort of cover so it is not so hard to handle.  Otherwise it is a very good phone for the price.

There is no booklet to show how to use this phone. I had the phone in my tight jeans pocket. I was sitting down, when all of a sudden I heard a voice coming out of my pocket . Apparently the phone dialed the last number that I had called. The connection lasted 5 min and 53 seconds and I have no clue who the voice was, maybe a voice saying the mailbox is full??. I jammed up the person's voice mail. I have no idea how to get this phone on vibrate and neither do the trac fone people that I have called. None of them have been able to answer any of my questions. The sound is good. I have no idea if this has a speaker phone. Two important features that I wanted were speaker phone and vibrate only. No clue if either is available.

For my usage of a cell phone, this is the least expensive I've found.  I like the phone, and the one year plus 1200 minutes AND triple minutes for life; how can you beat that?  I'm a happy consumer of Tracfone.

http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006E8MKZU/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i00  same phone and plan for allot less. check out the link great phone easy to use and shiped very fast. love it for under $25.00 and triple min.

PROS:  Easy to use, excellent reception, touch screen works great, easy text messaging, subtile ring tones right on the phone, pleasant alarm clock with an easy reset.  Screen "locks" to keep your face from dialing (just touch to unlock.) Charge, with light use, lasts on standby for at least a week probably a day or two longer.  Triple minutes.  I've had it since October and it's been rock solid reliable.CONS:  Porting the number from the Tfone website didn't work this time around (has in past).  Went to their Facebook page rather than face the rumored horror of calling them for assistance.  It all worked out with number and minutes ported.  More of a hiccup than a true CON.TIPS:  Use Facebook wall if TF website doesn't activate the phone.  Buy gel skin cover (you'll want one), sim card and screen protector (if you want them from Amazon when you order so you just get everything at once.  The screen protector sticky does not interfere with the touch ability of the screen. Buy the Year activation card w/ 400 minutes on Amazon (mine was $79). Search the web for bonus codes that give you additional minutes.  Add the card to the phone via the TFone website (rather than the phone) so that you have a second chance if the code you enter is no longer valid.  On the website you can just try another code.REVIEWSure, I want an iPhone, but the truth of the matter is, I have no real use for most of it's features.  I drive to work in 12 minutes so no watching tv or reading books on the train.  I'm over forty so my eyes wouldn't like it if I tried.  I don't have time to play games, or Facebook with friends, sort my phone contacts into lists and then teleconference with them.  I actually have a job and this sadly eats up so much time I might otherwise use for these activities.  If I start wanting to trade stocks from my phone, well, just shoot me now. What I wanted was a phone that was more useful, easier to use but without all the fancy stuff for which I secretly would love to have the time or the need, but do not.  This phone is perfect.What I needed to replace my old, still reliable clamshell LG was a phone that made it easy to text message, make calls with decent reception, store numbers and maybe take a picture on the fly if I happen to see Jim Morrison/Michael Jackson dressed as Elvis in the ladies restroom. (A girl can dream!)  The LG800G does all these things easily and without a hiccup.  So simply that you may not even need to read the directions, which is always a plus.  I've been pleased with the ease of text messaging in particular, since the key/buttons on phones with slide out keyboards remind me of the keys on those early TI calculators.  You know the ones where the number would register twice by mistake and make you start the whole problem over again?I've had no problems with the touch screen, although a friend just bought an LG800 for her mother and the mother seemed to have difficulties with it.  I'm not sure if it was the phone or not though, as the woman seems resistant to change.  Still, she bought hers in a backwater K-mart and I ordered mine from the Tracfone website. There is touch calibration on the phone and everything has worked smoothly for me.  I can text my niece so when she turns her phone on in front of her pals, there is a message waiting for her --apparently important these days-- and do it reliably and without fuss.Those who say the phone is a slippery little dude are correct.  Save yourself the trouble of having to wait and order one of the gel skins to cover the back when you buy the phone.  Mine fit perfectly with a bit of shoe-horning and has much improved the bulk and hand feel of the phone.  I also got a screen protector to fit and a 4Gig sim card in case I decide to store more data.  The phone also takes (probably) grainy video and the storage seemed cheap and sensible to have.  You never know when you'll need to film that tornato for the Weather Channel!Since I had an existing Tracfone  I wanted to port my number and the outstanding minutes to the new phone.  When I made the initial switch from Virgin Mobile to Tfone I did this quite easily via the TF website.  This time it was more difficult since the website seemed unresponsive.  They launched a site re-design during the period I was trying to activate, and I suspect this was the problem.  Luckily some wonderful soul in these reviews had mentioned Facebook and so I went that route rather than risk calling.  It did work eventually but took several days, mostly due to the fact that I wasn't on my computer for an extended period, so I couldn't sinc with one of the service reps.  Once I did I was activated in minutes and new minutes added tripled as promised.  If you mostly text, say 10-15 messages a week, 1200 minutes will last you to the end of time.  Don't know about web usage.My experience with this phone and Tracfone as a company has been great. That being said, I've never had to call them.  I like this phone a lot.  If you want to have a "not-quite smarty phone," this could be it.  Early versions of this phone seemed to have problems, which have been ironed out from what I can tell.  Still, I might resist the temptation to pluck that dusty one off the rack in a dimly lit Radio Shack or shabby K-mart as it might be one of the older ones.

An excellent phone for the price, but beware, it does not work in all areas and this information should have been available before ordering. I now have a phone I cannot use and too late to return it.

A  friend. Oh, the tracfone is fine. Tried to activate it, because a close friend was ill. Was told I would have to wait 3 to 5 days before activation. That same night, my friend died. This cell phone will be donated to charity. After my friend died, I never want to see it again.I hold LG responsible.

Something went wrong with my first attempt to activate the phone.  After burning through many minutes and a frustrating lack of customer support service from Tracfone, I cut my losses and returned the phone for a refund.  Returning a product for credit should not be a preferable alternative to dealing with customer support, but in this case, it was easier and cheaper to return the phone and start fresh.Kudo's to Amazon and the seller for subsidizing and providing solutions to customer support problems Tracfone is not equipped to deal with.

Received phone very quickly.  Tried to transfer old num. & mins. online last night.  After MANY tries gave up.  This AM online worked perfectly except said my 50 bonus min code not valid for this phone.  Not really a problem as I don't use phone that much.  Tried calling to get bonus added as others said it worked for them.  Reg CS#- was on hold 70min & gave up.  Then tried 1-888-442-5096. Someone answered immediately & politely explained why the bonus didn't work.  I'm very happy with the phone so far. Have over 1370 min w/443 days.  Call quality very good & touch screen works fine for me even tho used to feel of Ipod touch & Ipad.

I upgraded my old tracfone to the LG800G and am I ever glad that I did. Buying the phone with a year's minutes and triple minutes for life is a great deal. Actually, you get 14 months of service and end up with 1230 minutes. I have reception everywhere I go. I recommend this deal to friends and family.

I've been using the LG800G that I bought from this seller for the last 5 months. I've only had one problem with it and that was when my voicemail wasn't registering button presses. No problem, I just had to do a reset by powering down, removing the battery & sim card for a minute then putting it back together. It only happened once so it was no big deal.The shipping was lightning fast and the phone itself is great. Since it has an open face sometimes it will call people automatically or go into browser mode if you're not carefull. For example, if you shove it in a tight pocket your movements may start pushing buttons so I suggest you get a case if you're on the move a lot.The cover flies off easily if you drop it so I recommend buying a skin cover to fix that issue. I've dropped it tons of times (without any protection) and it still works fine so durability is excellent.The seller included a piece of paper with clear instructions on how to install the 1200 minutes (it's actually 400 minutes but with triple minutes the total you get is 1200.) Also, I spent about 2 minutes online and found a code for 250 bonus minutes.In regards to Tracfone service, I've been with them for years and am very happy. Nice, clear reception and they buy minutes in bulk from the large companies such as Verizon so it's not a generic program you're getting here. I also bought a 1500 minute card from tracfone's website and found a code for 50 free minutes. So in the end I got a total of 6000 minutes for $285 which equates to 4.7 cents per minute. Not bad considering there's no contract, no taxes, no pushy salesmen and no lines waiting for service!

The performance so far on this phone is totally acceptable.  Relatively easy to figure out and operate.  The only drawback that I have encountered is the occasional having it be activated to a browser screen while being carried in a pocket instead of a case.  If this happens and it is not noticed, it can use minutes and battery power.  Triple minutes is a plus feature.  Not sure yet if I would purchase another one because of the pocket activation issue as I like to carry my phone in a pocket.

I've had numerous problems setting up the voicemail on this phone ... starting with the fact that the TracFone folks were unable to locate my account for the first  2-3 phone calls to them!!??  They could NOT find my phone number, serial number or name on their files that were passed to them by Amazon.com.  Finally, today, after about 4 weeks and 3 phone calls they got the issue resolved by recognizing the phone thru the SIM card number and then totally resetting my voicemail (which erased all previous voicemails that had been left for me, but which I could not access because the system kept asking me for a password (which I had NEVER set up or been asked to do so!!??) Needless to say ... appears to be a very clumsy interface between Amazon.com and TracFone.

Was not what i expected.  Hard to figure out so I returned it. Tried it time and time and got frustrated with it

An excellent phone and easy to use. Tracfone online service is excellent and as promised. Can't beat the one year price. Will renew in November...

Lg800g arrived on time in excellent packaging. Only problem after activation was the minutes and use time were wrong. Only received 640 minutes with 150 days.  After contacting tracfone(wait time 10 min. +) was told to contact seller to straighten out.  Did so and all is now good.

Purchased 2 of these phones for my children.  They love the touchscreen and design.  I love the price.  If they stick to about 100 minutes a month, the service will be less than $10 a month.  If they don't, they will have to purchase more minutes on their own.  Not sure about the triple minutes for life.  When activated, I did receive the 1200 + 20 per phone, but the tracfone website states I have double minutes for life.  I guess we'll know on reloading whether the triple minutes work or not.

I am 38 and only need a cell phone for occasional use - this phone is perfect and the minutes last me all year, and for less than $100.00 for a year.

thought I would upgrade from a flip phone.  The LG800 is the dumbest smart phone ever made.  The LG technoligy is way behind any other phone.  The phone locks up by itself, and has erased my phone book several times without me touching it. There is no usable owners manual and even tracfone doesn't know how to help with the problems.  Reception is terrible in areas that I could get a good signal with the Motorola flip phone.  Tracphone help desk is useless.  2 other friends had the same problems, and returned the phone.  Tracphone refused to take mine back ( i was talking to someone in India ).  The LG technolgy is way behind all other phone makers.  This phone is a piece of Junk.

Love this phone. Purchased for my husband who is technically challenged. It is super user friendly.  Just a great buy. I like it way better than my Samsung. Its just a matter of time till I replace it with this one.

The phone has a lot of features, but they are all pretty much junk. For instance, I wanted Internet access while driving in case I needed to get driving directions-but the Internet is a complete joke.

I love it, for the price, this is my best option, I need a phone for emergencies only and I don't like to spend money on rent every month.  This phone has a year of service included with 1200 minutes, I don't pretend to use it as my cell phone, but for the purpose it is just GREAT&#62;

the phone lives up to it's hipe only some directions could be more expliced. I had a hard time to get all the features

Ordered 3  phones for 12 and 14 year old grandkids for Christmas.  Phones are still working fine.  They seem satisfied.  We had no trouble activating the phones and getting triple minutes on these phones or any other Tarcfones.  The activation procedure is simple and the directions are very clear.  We have 3 other Tracfones in the family, some for over 5 years, and have not had any problems with the phones or the service.  One phone had weak reception indoors.  Tracfone sent a new sim card that aligned with another carrier and the problem went away.  I waited for years before getting a cell phone until someone came out with a no contract phone with no &#34;gottcha&#34; fine print. Tracfone did and I have not found any reason to switch service.

This is the most disappointing product I have purchased since a battery powered chain saw.  I find no fuctions I have become accustomed to in previous cell phones, i.e., I've never found a calculator and no reference in manuals furnished.  Simple functions as reviewing contacts often produces a call being placed I did not intend.  Phantom screens appear, no instruction how to delete, or eliminate their return.  Trying to review voice mail detail usually results in the phone trying to return the call when I have no intention of that without the detail first.  In short it is a nightmare, barely adequite as simple call/answer phone.  Of course all calls for help wind up in India, with a party that can not understand me and I not them.  Thanks for this opportunity, but the faults are far too many to inumerate wihout a day by day account.Ted Lemon

For the way I use a phone it is all that I will need and has some high tech also.

The touch system is sluggish and texting is a chore on this model. Using the sliding touch to go down your list of phone numbers is ackward, clumsy, and frustrating. The voice quality is very good. The triple minutes are wonderful.

This is my third TracFone, and I love it, and the quality. I have two TFs now - one for home, one for personal stuff at work and play. I previously had an old flip phone, but I retired that one, recently replaced it with my other (newer) TF.I need a basic cellphone with a very few 'smartphone' features like email. I don't do a lot of calls, but I do get some texts. The LG800 phone is more friendly to me than my BlackBerry, which I gave away.I had a BlackBerry on Verizon and no one here in Keene NH gets decent phone service 'all around town' -- service is spotty and there are good areas, but my house was in a dark zone. I rarely could receive cell calls at home, and often lost calls I made, which could only be done from my kitchen.The LG800 plus the 1200 minutes deal worked great for me. I have only used about 300 minutes worth of time in about two months.If you need a lot of customer service and hand-holding and a nice storefront, or must have an iPhone, stay with AT&T; or Verizon. Trac-Fone's weak spot is their lack of accessible customer service. However, there is a large online community where you can get help and advice. To me, I'm good with TF.If your usage is low, TracFone is a good way to go. At some point, high-usage of per-minute time will exceed the cost benefit. I'm nowhere near that.I am saving a LOT of money, compared to Verizon. It'd be the same for any 'contract' cell carrier. And if I did have a high-usage month with my TF, I can always buy a minutes card and reload it, easily. But for me, the time deal, one year of access and other TracFone benefits works GREAT for me.I bought my LG800 through Amazon and got the great deal... Thanks Amazon!

I'm a senior and for me this phone is very hard to figure out...the owners manual is a joke and on-line info isn't much better...phone seems to work very well...forget about customer service...it took me over 3 hours to activate phone because service are very hard to understand...I kept asking for someone who spoke better english, but it seemed the new one was worse than the other person...if you don't have to talk with them, the phone works great........

One must know the limits of the LG800G phone or one risks disappointment.  If you are looking for a full-featured smartphone with lots of apps, this is not for you.  However, if you are looking for a great value in a phone that goes beyond the basics, then this may be what you want.I was shopping for an mp3 player to help minimize the crushing boredom of exercise when I stumbled on the LG800G.  For several years I have relied on Tracfone for my mobile communications.  Unlike many people, I spend little time talking on the phone, and keep my cell phone off except when it will serve my interests to have it on.  Pay-as-you-go with Tracfone has offered an economical way to have a cell phone.  I had figured on spending $40 to $50 for a basic mp3 player, so I saw this and figured that for an extra $50 I could get the phone with a year of service and more minutes than I was likely to use in a year, so it seemed like a deal.Of particular interest to me was the potential for going on the internet. I wanted to be able to process credit cards away from my office. I knew that this was not compatible with any of the credit card readers which are available for iphones and android devices, but figured that I could handle credit cards manually through a virtual terminal as I do now. With a fair amount of experimentation, I have been able to do that even though the credit card processor I use is not optimized for mobile devices and the LG800G screen is quite small. It takes about 10 minutes start to finish to log on and enter the charge information, but it is possible.  To accomplish this, I downloaded Opera Mini to use as the browser; it seems to be the best browser compatible with the phone.The camera is marginal, but better than nothing.  Do not buy this for the claimed ability to record video.The mp3 function is, I suppose, what one would expect from a cheap mp3 player. The sound quality is not great, but is that due to the phone or the bargain price ear buds I'm using (Panasonic RPHJE120)? Probably a combination.Documentation for this phone is poor. Plan on spending time online searching for answers to basic questions, such as the details how to add a memory card (you must carefully pry up a latch on an open space next to the sim card). And speaking of memory, it is limited to 4GB; a good deal on one of these is the Sandisk 4GB MicroSDHC.Activation online was easy--less than 5 minutes. The seller provided good instructions to activate with the year of service and triple minutes.Within 5 minutes of activating service I started receiving spam text messages, and was swamped with these. In the process of deleting these I inadvertently opened some, resulting in the loss of several minutes of pre-paid time. I called Tracfone and was issued a new phone number which, so far, is not on the spammers screens. Dealing with Tracfone customer service was frustrating as has become typical of all companies which have sent this important function overseas; people who speak limited English and are required to stick to written scripts may be cheap for Tracfone, but do not engender customer loyalty.The on/off button is designed to ensure you will not accidentally turn the phone on or off. However, it takes a real effort to hit the button just right with enough force, so you may think you turned it off only to find that it remained on and the battery needs to be recharged before you can use it.If you need to be constantly online or speaking on the phone, the Tracfone concept probably will not be right for you. If you need to handle lots of credit card transactions over a cell phone you probably should get an iphone or android a device and a card reader. But if you will infrequently process a credit card payment and will not be spending a lot of time talking or using the phone to go online, this gives you an opportunity to have a phone for a year at a cost comparable to what many people spend for one month of cell phone service.It is tempting to give this a score of 3 rather than the 4 I awarded. So many of the features are weak when compared to smartphones. But for those whose needs are met by a half-wit phone this gives great value. If you can live with the limitations, buy it.

I bought 2 of these phones elsewhere hoping to get rid of binding contracts & big expenses.  What a HUGE mistake on my part & a HUGE headche incurred.  First phone took 4 days to activate & 2 trips to the store.  Don't even ask how many countries/languages I encountered in the process.  Sales reps. read from scripts.  Don't dare to ask them a question...they don't even come close to answering it.  They then go back to reading their script; all the while your "minutes" are being deleted as they stick you on hold forever!  Second phone had the wrong activation code; when "corrected" by them, 3000 min. went 'poof' and so did initial activation.  Phone was now dead, phone number was ported to someone else (had it for yrs.) and a $99.00 phone card was useless.  Signal was OK at best for me.  I was assured they went off of all major towers and would not have a problem.  Went online to read about customer satisfaction w/TracFone after the fact.  Sorry I didn't do that 1st...expensive lesson learned.  The phones are not the issue.  Customer service located in different countries w/non-native English speakers reading off scripts IS the problem.  No bias or offense meant...I work w/many individuals tht are bi-lingual.  So...I was initially out $320. I went back to my original cell phone carrier groveling and they refunded some money to me and ALL of my rollover min. that were lost, plus they kept me OFF CONTRACT. I don't know how but they even got the lost #  back...said phone wasn't totally out of min. so they ported it back.  The store where phones/cards were purchased took the phones back (thank god!) because their sales people were stuck for 1 hr. talking to 3 foreign reps. wasting min. as well.  Unfortunately, I did have to "eat the 2-$99.00 cards" even though 1 didn't even register at all due to faulty activation codes. I was told by store to file a complaint w/TracFone's parent company.  Yeah...right!  There are numerous web pages complaining about their service & the Co. answers are all "scripted" as well.LG 800G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)

This is a decent phone if you're not looking for a lot of bells and whistles. I'm satisfied. Good value!

I chose this phone because I never make locals call and send messages. My primary usage is International calls to India.Likes,Phone is handy with very limited featuresGood when you make limited local calls.Can make international calls without any set up.Good recharge options.I got the phone along with 1 year airtime card. I found a promo code (66168) for 1 year airtime card (adds 250 min).  So after activating the phone I added the airtime card with the promo code and got additional 250 min along with the initial 20 minutes. Totally I got20 (default) + 1200 (400*3) + 250 (from promo) = 1470 minutes.60 (default) + 365 (from airtime card) = 425 days validity.Dislikes,Display is not that great.No radio. Doesn't accepts memory card beyond 4GB. Doesn't allow mp3 as ringtone which are above 200kb in size.You cannot delete the 4 ugly icons in the home screen.Incoming,local calls, messages and Internet are charged. Even calls to customer service is charged.You will be charged from the first minute you dial. i.e. Even before the phone is picked.I would recommend this to anyone  who doesn't make frequent local calls or msgs.

If you want a phone for light calling, not a browser or a text machine this is the ideal deal - 425 days service days (no need to "must" add minutes) 1220 minutes and triple minutes for life, $99 good deal. Get some kind of screen guard for the phone since it scratches very easily.

I could not believe this fantastic offer. 1200 minutes-a fullyear of service-and a great phone--all for $40 lees than the normal price of the minutes and the service. Plus triple tracfone minutes for life. I was sure there was a catch, so I ordered one for my wife. The phone was easy to use, much clearer reception than my older Tracfone, so I ordered a second for myself with the same unbelievable offer. Think of it. We are paying less than $7 per month for all the minutes we need plus the use of an up to date phone and great service. My neighbor is paying over $40 per month with one of the big 3 and he has to go outside his house to to get reception. We get reception anywhere in the house including our basement. We each save $400 per year and have a new free  phone. As some reviews state, this is not an iPhone, but it has 80% plus of the features and more capability than we will ever use, it looks great, is a bit smaller, scrolls, has full Internet access including email, texting with a Querty keyboard, google search, yahoo, etc., a fine camera, and more.We received our offer from Amazon in two days.There is one small problem with the phone. The back comes off if you are not carefull. We plan to buy a case for our phones. LG needs to fix this problem or include a case with the phone.Overall we are very pleased!

The Tracfone LG-800G (1) will not accept most cell photos to be sent via text.  You can't see who tried to send it, it simply says it's too large.  Tracfone can't tell me why, or the size of attachments they do accept. It will accept photos from other LG800's, but not from most smartphones. (2) Turns itself off if not used for 8 hours. Tracfone doesn't know why. (3) There are no apps, it will not connect to Tracfone's own app site, much less LG's.  Useless.  It's a make-pretend smartphone with a touch screen.  Don't waste your money.  If you want to go with Tracfone or Net 10, get a cheap clamshell.  We had Nokia phones with Consumer Cellular, and they were great phones.  This LG is junk.

I bought the LG800G from shopcelldeals through Amazon.  The phone arrived quickly, complete and new in its blister pack, shopcelldeals did a great job.  But in trying to transfer my old number online I got the message "Phone needs new simm card, call 800 ... " so I called and after many questions and much code punching on the old phone I had magic happen and all my minuets and service days disappeared.  Yes, the man said, Tracfone needs them for the new simm card which you will be receiving  in five to seven days.  So it's a week.  No old phone.  No new phone, and leaving on vacation in seven days trusting to the caprices of the technology gods and a bankrupt USPS that it's all going to fall into place in time for magic to happen again and everything will work.  I have rate the whole miserable experience one star only for lack of zero stars.

WAS ABLE TO transfer a number from another  national carrier and be activated with 425 days of service and 1310 min of service via the internet and a call to Tracfone 3 1/2 hrs latter as phone kept saying activation required.  Total process took about 4hrs.  Instruction from the seller were simple enough.  The phone itself works best using a stylus or pencil eraser for typing or numbers. My fingers just seem too big. Iwas also able to connect to my computer and jabra 125 earphone via bluetooth.  have also been able to transfer file to the phone via bluetooth but not from phone to computer. Its really hard to see the screen outdoors. It appears to get as a good signal as several previous phones.  The picture quality appears fair. I have had it for 2days and it has fallen to a tile floor and still works! I have ordered the skin for it as it may be prone to drops due to small size and slickness.

Back when I bought this, It was a great deal, Phone had a long life battery and easy to use features, like picture dialing.  Can pick these up for about 5 bucks now, (1-2 years later)

A frustrating piece of garbage:1) Bluetooth does not work properly!  You can make calls out, and the phone will ring when using a Bluetooth device &#8211; but if you pick up a call you cannot hear nor be heard.  We got a Motorola cell phone to replace this one and it worked just fine.2) When you go to add to contacts, you do not get a qwerty keypad for entering names.  You get a telephone keypad instead  (which will translates (eg) Vanessa as Vandals).  You have to use handwritten input to enter names (if I wanted this &#8211; I&#8217;d stay with paper).

I have had this phone since it came out. I ordered it again just so I could get the triple minutes vs. the double minutes. With each phone it was super easy to set up. Tracfone's tech support has become so much better than it used to be. It didn't take long to transfer my minutes and old number to the new phone. I agree the touch screen could be a little more responsive but, you get what you pay for. My parents also ordered two of these phones and had no trouble setting them up. From what I know tracfone was owned by Alltell I assume since Verizon bought out Alltell they also got tracfone. Could be wrong though but, I have noticed better reception with tracfone and their tech support is much more user friendly. Also if you are planning to get the micro sd card for this just know that nothing above 4gb will work with this phone. I don't know why that is but it is just that way. I have had friends try to put a 8gb card into it and the phone would not recognize it.

Phone seems fine, KINDA useless however. No service in this area. Their site said I would get service, Phone should have never been shipped. They should correct their areas that their phone will work in. They said triple minutes, I got double minutes. Again, this should have never happened. Here I may have made a mistake in downloading the minutes. I have heard from them on correcting the problem, I did not follow up. Totally my fault on not following up. Research more, if you live in an outlieing area. Phone you have never been shipped.

I couldn't be happier with this deal. I had this same phone through Net10 but when I saw this deal, I returned it to get this much better Tracfone package. The activation was very easily completed online and the 1200 minutes showed up as promised. You also get 20 start-up minutes and 60 days of service, so you're good for a total 14 months of service days plus triple minutes for the life of the phone. I also very much like this phone. A number of reviewers have expressed concern about speakerphone capabilities. It's not obvious but it is there - only shows up as an option once a call is placed or received. I love the touch screen. Sound quality is much better than any previous Net10 phone I've had.

Great seller. Great phone . Activated with 1200 minutes. Tracfone web site easy to port previous phone number. Would recommend seller. Fast delivery. Phone operates easy and works as advertised. I am a light phone user so very economical to have. Will buy again if needed.

We bought 2 of the Tracfone LG 800G phones. One phone after 9 months started having battery drain problems. You could charge it fully and the next day, one call would drain the battery.The second phone started having the exact same problem after 6 months of usage. We bought new replacement batteries to see if that would solve the problem - no, same problem.Tracfone Tech. Support was a painful process. First, I posted to the Forum. They were quick to respond to tell me I needed to private chat. The Tech. talked me through a couple of procedures and then told me I had to call for support. The first time I called, the phone line connection was just terrible. I called on my landline. Buzzing and Snapping, I could make out about every fourth or fifth word. This went on for about 10 - 15 minutes. I finally said I would contact them through email. But I thought I would give it another try. The second try was better. Again with the procedures and they said they would mail me a replacement phone. Again, spotty connection.I have to send the old one back.I am not going to go through this again with the second phone. It's not worth it.It is a great phone - when it works.My advice, skip this phone.

For years, I had an STI mobile phone, using prepaid minutes at about .09 cents per minute. It cost me about $30 for a very basic flip phone and about $15 a month depending on my talk time. It worked on Sprint's network which is fine in larger cities and near highways, but is not as good as Tracfone's reception bars in less populated areas.This is a much better phone than the few STI offers, with many of the features like camera, video, MP3 player, my STI phone lacked. And buying it and a year's tripled minutes made it cheaper than continuing with STI.Of course you don't get an Iphone at this price, and heavier users can get unlimited plans from a variety of Prepaid companies for around $40 a month.But for convenience when away from home and a small handy music player (can use bluetooth to play through some headphones or car stereos too)this unit holds it's charge for days, and has alarms, memos and other convenience features  that all seem to work well.I couple this with the new MagicJack PLUS as my home phone for unlimited talk from there via the internet. Between the two, I have good telephone service for about $160 for the first YEAR, and about $100 the following years, including text messaging on the cell, and unlimited 50 state calls and faxes via the MGP.

This is an Outstanding cell phone.  It is far advanced then the two year old one I was using.  It's of great quality and pricing was excellent.  And I like the fact that I only have to purchase minutes once a year and then they are tripled.  What more can you ask.

I got one of these in July - at that time they were selling them as double minute phones.  After I got the phone, it seemed to me that I was using minutes faster than usual.  I wasn't paying close attention, so it took me a few months to realize that the phone was deducting 3 units for every minute I talked on the phone, as well as 1.2 units for every text message.  I called the company, and after spending about an hour and a half entering codes unsuccessfully into the phone, they sent me a new one.  I asked about the minutes I had lost, and was initially told that nothing could be done, and then that I should ask about it once I received the new phone.  When I received the replacement phone, I called and again asked about my lost minutes - they activated the phone and told me there was nothing they could for me.  I asked to speak to a manager, and after I had been on hold for 20 or 30 minutes, to my surprise a manager did pick up.  (Until that moment I didn't believe that Tracfone managers existed - I was fully expecting to be disconnected or left on hold forever.)  He told me that because the old phone was now inactivated, they could not retrieve records to determine how many calls I had made, and therefore would not refund my minutes - even though they were the ones who had refused to address my complaint until after the new phone was activated!  Eventually after some arguing, he gave me back some minutes - a little less than 1/3 of what I had lost.  Total time spent on the second call:  another 1 1/2 hours.As a result of this experience, I was not especially interested in spending extra money to buy airtime from a phone company that had ripped me off.  However, in general Tracfone provides very inexpensive service with policies that are more generous than those of other prepaid cell phone companies. I have used them for years without previous problems, so I decided to stick with them.  I bought this phone (my third of this model since July!) because at the price of a 1-year card, the phone was essentially free, and the triple minutes would allow me to pay the minimum for airtime in the future.  The phone came with a label taped to the outside of the box with a very unofficial-looking PIN code on it, and I was a little worried that it wouldn't work.  However, I activated the phone and the PIN code worked just fine, giving me the 1200 minutes and 1-year subscription.  This is a great deal for this phone, and I highly recommend it.  Just watch when you get it to make sure it's deducting the correct number of minutes per call!Also note:  if you buy a one-year subscription from the Tracfone web site, they offer you the chance to buy additional minutes and/or add a second year.  Currently, if you own a triple-minute phone, you can buy 400 minutes for $25 (of course, on this phone that turns out to be 1200 minutes), and a second year's subscription for $50.  This means that you can get a second year of service at a $25 discount from the first.  I don't know if this works when buying air time from the phone, but I know that users of double-minute phones are not offered anything like as good a deal.  Adding airtime with a PIN code did not allow me to buy the extra time.

Received the phone very fast and it was well packaged. I purchased it from "shopcelldeals". It took all of 5 minutes to unpack, set up charging, and activate the phone.  The instructions, PIN and Serial Number were taped to the outside of the phone box.  Just follow the quick set up page directions.  Got the 1200 minutes, 14 months of service, and a quick call to customer service guaranteed the triple minutes for life were included.  The phone itself looks cool and my son loves it. Touchscreen is responsive and entering contacts is easy.  The phone has nice features.  It isn't a smart phone, but it is a great phone for the price.The only thing I don't like is that the internet browser button is located too close to the power button and it is easily hit when turning the phone on or off.  You lose half a minute each time you hit it and for each minute of browsing.  Texts are only .3 minutes a piece.  Love this deal!I found an easy way to hide the browser widget so we don't accidentally hit it when turning the phone on or off.  there is a nice LG800G tutorial at [...]

I don't think I would ever buy a phone from this manufacturer again. It's verydifficult to use. The touch screen is very sluggish and leads to a lot of frustration.While placing a call the touch tone keyboard goes away as soon as you finishdialing; so if you need to push a key again (for voice mails for instance) youhave to fight to get it back. Forget texting; it's not set up to make that evenreasonably easy to do. All in all this is a very unsatisfactory product. I don't havea problem with Tracfone. Just this LG phone. I think it was made by theChinese just to mess with Americans.

This is actually my second Tracfone LG800G (with triple minutes). The first year was coming to a close and it was cheaper to buy the phone with 400x3 =1200 min again, rather than to just buy the 400 min airtime directly from Tracfone.Since the devices are identical, there was no point in changing phones, and I simply added the new airtime card to the old phone - worked without any problems-. I also searched and found a promo code which added another 250 minutes (I used code 86196, but this will be valid only until 9/11/2013) - Add this promo code when entering the airtime PIN. Tracfone runs promos quite frequently so it's a good idea to check what's available before you enter a new airtime PIN.So I added 365 days of usage and 1450 minutes to my old phone, plus I got a back-up phone, charger, and second battery.p.s. Phone works with standard 2.5mm headphones for listening to music.
