
I am not a big phone user, but this one is annoying. For no reason at all it occasionally freezes and I have to remove the battery. The buttons to text are TINY and so I wouldn't recommend it for an avid texter. Also some of the simplest things, like what time did a missed call come in, or add this number as a new contact, are not as easy to navigate as they should be. I needed a Verizon friendly phone for a non-Verizon company and this fit the bill. If I needed to use it more than I do I would be looking for a replacement.

I am enjoying my Palm Pre 2.  It works as good as any of the other smart phones my coworkers have and i am paying half what they pay.  The wi-fi speed is excellent and the picture quality is top notch.  3g can bog down a little when using data, but everyone else that i know has the same problem with their phone going at a slow speed when watching a video etc over the data.  Phone call quality is terrific and i am running a few apps that i need (weather and google maps) and they work just fine.  It is more phone than i really need but i feel like i made a smart purchase and i could not be happier.  Page plus works great with the phone too.  HP/Palm -- you made a great phone.  Thank you.

The phone from Ross Cellular was not in the HP box as in the photo but in a generic box with a label saying new.  It looked as though it was a reconditioned unit and not new.  It was also missing the earbuds.  However, once the battery was charged and the phone activated, everything worked as it should.

This is the phone that the Pre- and Pre+ should have been, had Palm had the time and power to get vendors to manufacture parts to spec.  My original Verizon Pre+ was overclocked to 1ghz but its performance never matched the smoothness of the 1ghz processor in the Pre 2.  Performance wise software just "snaps" on this phone. Hardware wise, It was worth the upgrade just to have a reliable keyboard. (a real joy to use after typing on the abomination of a keyboard that was on the Pre+).  Battery life is better and the phone runs cooler than my Pre+. Yeah they both have small screens but these phones literally drop in your pocket, and is nearly as easy to retrieve back out. The only down side to upgrading to the Verizon Pre 2 is the loss of the free mobile 5gb hotspot, but there is home-brew software to fill that gap.If you're into using webOS, upgrade before they're all gone. You won't be sorry.

When I purchased this phone I received 5G's of Hot Spot free per month as long as I own the phone.  VZN tells me I can continue this freebe so long as I keep it on a Palm Pre.  They tell me only some phones qualify and I must know the ESN to find out if it qualifies.  How do I find the ESN for on a phone before I purchase it?I have been very satisfied with this phone. It is now outdated comparred to what is on the market.  My only complaint is the screen broke the first month I had the phone.  The crack started from where you plug in the charger.  This appears to be the weak spot on the screen.  I think it is a design flaw since this is the thinnest place on the screen.  If it had plugged in on the back or slider it would not have this problem.  Good news is that the crack has spread across and to the bottom of the screen and it STILL WORKS.  Amazing.

I am writing this note to express my satisfaction with the Verizon Pre 2 I recently purchased on Amazon order. The order came in about a week early from wireless Bliss which really helped since I was having problems with my Pre Plus. It has been responding well as I add apps and info that I previously utilized on my Pre Plus. The price was very reasonable and the unit does appear to be new. Thank you for your cooperation and your expedited service.

I had a Palm Pre plus before and this phone is even better. WebOS rocks!! Sometimes i wish for a bigger screen but then I slip it into my pocket and it disappears, out of the way. Don't want a phone the size of a brick!

I was looking for a cheap phone to put on my Verizon plan (for the time being) and I have always been a WebOS fan.  That made this phone a no brainer.  Everything was exactly as listed and it was very fast shipping.

I bought this for a holiday present for my son. He had the original Palm and that one was working for years but developed a problem with the speaker.This newest of the Palm phones, the Pre 2 CDMA, was a very easy transition. I did the start up at Verizon online and kept the same unlimited plan we already had too...best part.It was a great deal, and so far...just a couple of days, he is very happy with it and the way it works.  It is/was the best Palm smartphone ever made by the original company and HP later, so my son informed me. I am very happy to have found it at Amazon and for such a reasonable price.Update:  My son still loves the phone. It's working great, and he says it's much faster than the old Palm was when retrieving data, which is what he does for the most part. It is a clear phone in conversations for him and for us on the other end too.

I got this for my daughter, but what a nice phone with webOS. This is probably the best webOS phone ever made and works great on Verizon.I don't know what HO was thinking by getting out of the business.

This is really a great smart phone. To bad HP has not continued it. Like it much better than my wife's iPhone 4S. Gets 3 bars when my wife cannot get a signal even though we both use the same service provider. Like the size and keyboard.

I brought this as a back up phone. I ended up using it for months on end. It replaced my blackberry after only 2 days and kept a great charge without needing a power outlet for a day straight. If you need a phone for calls and light web browsing this is something to pick up

I purchased this new Palm Pre 2 because no one else sells it and I had to update my old Palm Pre 2 because it just wasn't working right anymore. So far I'm loving my new Palm Pre 2.  I wish this company was still in existence because I prefer the WebOS so much better. You can't go wrong buying this product from Amazon, it's great delivery, packaging and service.

If life were fair....we'd all be using WebOS instead of IOS and Android.  I'm so glad I was able to grab one of these.

I bought the Palm Pre 2 as my first smartphone.In some respects it's a great phone but there are issues with this phone.First the good:The phone reception is very good. Rarely drops calls unless I'm in a location where there is no or poor service. I don't count that against this phone as the same thing has happened with other phones that I have owned.Navigation is easy with the way the screen is layed out.Wi-fi connectability. This comes in handy when you want to regulate how much data you use.You can charge this phone with the Touchstone base. That's a big plus in my book! It charges rapidly.The USB cord makes for easy connection to my desktop computer.Now the bad:Battery life. This phone drains the battery rather quickly so plan on charging the battery often if you use the 3G feature. I charge mine at least once a day depending on how much I use it.There is a known issue with the "Too many cards" error on this model. The only fix I found is to use the three-button reset. This is simple enough, but the issue is a reminder that Palm phones are "orphanware" after HP bought Palm. They just don't update these old operating systems much anymore. This problem acts like a memory leak since I experienced it after using data on the phone.The keypad is too small for me. The keys in particular are too cramped. If you get this phone picking up a stylus would be a good idea.Overall this phone had potential and it's not exactly junk. It has a few issues that you should weigh before buying it.

my new palm pre 2 has met all expectations, battery lasts a full day, like os better then windows 6.5 and android. Call quality and reception are acceptable. query keyboard works for me and I don't have little hands. Wifi works as expected, overall a decent alternative to the other phones, updated to HP 2.1. Thank You Palm and HP.

Web OS (the operating system that runs on Palm and HP devices) is no longer officially supported by HP/Palm. You have to change the date to July 1 2013, install the store update, then switch the date to network time right away. If you don't, you won't be able to update the store or any apps.The device itself is old, outdated and unsupported. It has a single-core processor, while phones nowadays have dual and quad core processors. It has a quarter of the RAM used in most modern phones. The display has a low pixel density. At the time this phone was released to the world, none of that stuff mattered. It was considered fast enough at the time. Please don't forget that this phone is almost five years old at the time of this review.However, you can use it to access your email, calendar and contacts, listen to music, and podcasts, access Facebook and Twitter, and (sort of) take pictures. It's better than the $150 basic phones Verizon is selling off-contract and costs significantly less.Owning a NOS (new old stock) Palm Pre 2 has some geek charm to it, but it's a pain in the butt sometimes. You'll never be able to use Instagram, Pinterest or anything newer than Facebook or Twitter. Using it can be frustrating if you're coming from a newer device, simply because the hardware can't keep up with the modern you. A lot of have become conditioned to tapping and swiping through screens quickly.There are homebrew (community maintained) apps and patches that you must sideload onto the device that add features and functionality that never made it to Web OS due to it being abandoned.The cost of this phone is the only reason I can think of to buy one. If you can afford even a used iPhone, Android, or Windows phone, go buy one of those instead. If you're poor or just want something to play with, go for a Pre 2. I would not buy a Pixi or Pre Plus if I were you. These days, the Pre 2 or Pre 3 (which is much more expensive) are the only viable Palm devices to use. The others are just too slow.

Item was reasonably price.  Shipped promptly.  Arrived as described.  Worked as described.This phone is for people that have used Palm Pre/Palm Pre Plus and want to continue experience.

My first touch screen smartphone,  much better than that old old flip phone. Love it and just order one for my wife..

Phone came as described and was shipped fast.  The phone works great and was easy to set up.  Great purchase.

I love my Pre2.  Phone works great.  I prefer the qwerty keyboard.  I'll keep buying these and hold on to the last vestiges of Palm as long as I can.  Guess I'll have to go android when my phone finally gives up the ghost because I loathe the overpriced apply products.

Nice upgrade from my Pixi Plus. I have read all of the other reviews and I agree with all of the positive ones. I don't feel the need to restate what has already been said. Just go and get it!

This phone stinks. major software issues!! Don't get texts and phone calls!!! I work with clients and it is not good when this happens!!

I received this Palm Pre 2 on time and even though it didn't come in the original box, it looks flawless.  As if it was never used. I need a simple smartphone because my Phablets dont have service when I go to visit family and I was let down about two years ago when I had the original Palm Pre that HP was killing the product line. But what I have discovered if you give this WebOS a little effort -you'll find there is developers still making apps for this phone. WebOS is what this Palm uses and is still the only mobile OS I know that truly gives you a feel of multitasking at its easiest and fastest. The packaging and shipping was excellent.

I love WebOs so the Palm Pixi on Page Plus was great. The Pre2 with double the storage, almost 2x the CPU speed, much improved camera (5mp vs. 2mp) and larger screen has been incredible. It includes the charging back so it is compatible with the docks I own already and the upgrade was very easy. Of course you will need to &#34;unlock&#34; the phone with Preware in order to use mobile hotspot (Freetether is incredible!) and to use the &#34;torch&#34; app that uses the flash LED to provide a blinding flashlight. It is too bad that support for WebOS is waning. Now that the TNT1200 plan includes 500mb of data I know that I will never go over my limit. At less than $30 per month for a no contract plan I am very satisfied. Verizon does have the best network coverage so I get service everywhere. By the way, I returned an Iphone 4 after 2 weeks of use before I got my first Pixi. Love WebOs despite the limited number of apps.Very, very satisfied.

This phone is awful! For starters, activation alone is enough to almost make you want to return the phone. I never had to google how to activate a phone until I got this one. This was the most difficult non-smart phone I have ever encountered.To top it off, the app store would not work once I finally got the bloody thing activated! I had to google how to fix that too. You shouldn't have to go through all of this for a &#34;simple&#34; phone that runs Web OS. The poor app selection is fine with me since I mainly needed a phone with a physical qwerty keyboard for texting. I can also sync my email to it, so that is a plus. It is safe to say that if I dropped this phone or it breaks, I will NOT buy another one of these!

Pre 2 is a great phone.  I went from an overclocked Pre + on VWZ to Pre 2 and it's a very nice improvement.  WebOS was slow on 1st generation Pre devices and with the faster processor of Pre 2, webOS is wonderful.  The big question is the fate of webOS now that HP has stopped making phones and webOS is open-sourced.  If you want a compact elegant smartphone and don't needs 100's of thousands of apps, then this is a inexpensive smartphone with remarkable elegance.  WebOS has remarkable features for day to day use that iphone and android still don't have.  But webOS has a very uncertain future.  So that has to be weighed into your decision. I would give it 5 stars if webOS had a definite future and larger app selection esp of "big name" apps that iOS and Android enjoy.

While the hardware in this guy shows it's age, Web OS still shines as a fully functional OS that allows for calendar, e-mail, and IM support.  I'm keep this phone as a backup, but I did enjoy using it as my main phone for a while.

This is still my favorite mobile OS, and Apple even copied a couple of its best features in iOS 7. Build quality could be better. Phone randomly restarts at times. I thing the battery connections are not tight enough. Wedged a sticky note in behind battery and it's much better. Best low cost smartphone to use on Verizon MVNOs if you like the screen and keyboard.

The first time I ordered from this vendor it was PERFECT! AWESOME! I knew I had to use this vendor again.The first time I ordered this product it was in Palm Pre2 packaging, as pictured, with a Palm Pre2 manual and palm pre brand charger. This second replacement order had a charger that was usable, but not brand new. The manual was not palm pre brand. I deduce this means it's a used phone - plus the screen goes out during calls from time to time, meaning I must use the physical keyboard to dial prompts if necessary. Also it will not hang up if the screen is out.

Initially there was a problem with the battery , Seller promptly send the new battery . After that phone is working great  . I synced all mail boxes to my palm . Since HP is giving 16GB all the emails can reside in this device .Thanks once again for a great product !!!!

So easy to use, calendar is great, faster than my previous Pre & it's just the right size! Maybe someday they will make another one!

This is the perfect device in terms of functionality vs cost. It runs webos2.0 which is intuitive and simple to use. The software is the selling point, and for that I am happy to put up with the somewhat outdated hardware.

The phone itself is great.  I had an original pre plus and loved it. When my Android phone started to be a pain in the neck, I saw this one (for less than $80 brand new) so I purchased it. There are very few apps available for it but it does have the essentials.  Maybe eventually webos will make a comeback and have better support but for now, this phone does the trick.

I like the features of the Palm Pre 2. I can access email and keep track of football scores. I recommemnd it.

Great price and I like the fact that I could get a new/old phone so that I could keep my same phone plan (although Verizon is making me jump through hoops about that currently). Has the features that I want which include hotspot capability as there is no other high-speed options where I live except satellite. I also prefer an actual keyboard as opposed to the virtual keyboard of newer phones.

Bought from Rakuten for $50. Upgraded from Palm Pixi Plus. This is a noticeable improvement: clearer voice, smoother cards, larger dialpad etc. It is a shame that HP did not make it a success.

This is the best value I have gotten for my money. I bought this mainly because it was cheap, but it has been better than my android phone (Droid 3) in every way. Its really sad that HP decided to kill webOS, because its superior to android, and its only now with Jelly Bean (with lots of ideas copied from webOS) that Android is approaching the level of usability that webOS provides.Amazing value. Worth it just as an 16gb mp3 player.

Good phone and easy to use. Operating system is not common and your work place may not accept/ or have a protocol for it.

The phone was very hot when first used and battery drained quickly. I found a few users complained about this same issue. For me, after the operating system get update to newer version then the phone worked fine, it is not hot like before. However, the battery come with the phone only last for about four hours on every charge. I replace it with new battery that I purchase separately and the phone works fine now. The key pad is not easy to type  even my finger is small. The bottom line: It is an ok phone for a the price and does all basic function. I probably get more than what paid for, but I am not too crazy about it. :(

2013 For an Obsolete Unlocked Touchscreen Phone - For the Price - It's a great deal - so long as you know .....PALM was purchased by HP, which created its own operating system (not windows, not android, not iOs) which was a great system, until HP turned Belly Up on its whole recent purchase of PALM and it's products, and its own operating system called "WebOS".You need to be a little savvy, patient and willing to follow instructions to the letter in order to update the phone as shipped, to the very last version of WebOS 2.1.0, which is so obsolete in Palm/HP's universe, that they formally ended update support.POSSIBILITIES:1. You can unlock and set up a 'required' palm/hp account that must be done to activate the phone.  It's strange, but it is kind of a formality, because you are not married to that palm ID and what you use the phone apps for (like google, yahoo or whatever)USE:  Page Plus Cellular (make sure you have a Verison version of the phone - won't work if sprint/att/tmobile is the phones form of wireless.  [...]Find their 800 cs number, call and they will talk you through the activation of the phone FOR FREE - with no need to spend a cent.If (which I do) you want just a full function smart "not" phone (everything BUT phone service - using only a free wifi connection) put it into airplane mode immediately and you can get apps et al via a wifi connection.Page Plus can also put you on a no contract plan where it is 10cents a minute.  The only problem if you use the phone as a phone, the data the apps will default to the cellular network (not wifi) and your money/minutes can go in a second.Had Palm Pixi Plus - but it crashed.  Loved it, but had its own issues.  Went for Palm Pre 2 because I heard that it has a much faster processor and thought the slide out keyboard would be worth a try.Has glitches, but have full email, web browser, contacts calendar and a very large number of downloadable apps (many for free).If you know WebOS .... and want to do the 'rooting the phone' thing, you can get a lot more and a lot of free apps.  I found it very difficult (and I had done it before with my last phone).  You need to be kinda techie to do it.

This phone is smart. Super smart. It can keep up with you no matter how fast you are opening and closing apps, or moving from Facebook to messaging. That said, I have had this phone for almost two months and it is already having a few issues. At times it won't receive messages. I reset my phone one night and I received 20 messages at one time from as far back as 3 to 4 days prior!!! The problem fixes after a reboot, but it is kind of a hassle to wonder all the time if your phone is just not receiving messages at the time.

I love this phone! Very user friendly smart phone and i'm a big fan of a physical keyboard. I have been using palm phones for years and am very satisfied! Shipped fast too!

the phone kept over heating and would not hold a charge for an hour even after being charged all night

I recently bought this phone for use on the Page Plus network. Transferring service from my old Palm Pixi was a snap (there are plenty of tutorials online) and I save a bundle while still making use of verizon's network ($12 a month for 250 min, 250 texts, and 10mb data compared to the 80+ that verizon ends up costing). WebOS 2.1 still stands up today as a clean and user friendly OS. The swipes and shortcuts become very intuitive and it's a shame that HP decided to ditch the webOS line. As a result, no new official apps have been made for webOS in little over a year. Luckily there is a homebrew community that offers tweaks, overclocking, and apps. In addition, all the accessories and parts for the Pre are dirt cheap since the phone line left production.The phone itself is a relatively small and pocketable (3.1 inch touch screen) although it feels a bit chunky depth-wise due to the slider mechanism. However, the phone feels good in the hand and the overall build quality is solid. The keyboard is a little less clicky than the Pixi's, but much improved over the original Pre's. There's something about the tactile nature of a well-built slider that taps into a combination of nostalgia and some deeper human need for physicality. In short, it's satisfying.The 1Ghz processor zips through everyday use and the battery life is reasonable for a smartphone (charging once every one or two days). With a 320x480 resolution, it's no retina display, but it's more than enough to check emails and watch youtube clips. The 5-megapixel camera doesn't include autofocus and lacks any setting control (except for turning flash on or off), but I wasn't looking for something to instagram food with anyway.What you'll be getting is a quality budget smartphone with plenty of life still in it. If the Pre 2 would be an upgrade over your current model, I can't think of a reason you shouldn't go ahead and make the change.

Item very dainty..with outstanding features..the accessories were very well matched with phone...This was a lovely phone...thanks and enjoy...Justified ans satisfied..

This is a fantastic phone. It does run warm when being charged but not an issue. The HP Web OS is an easy program to use.

I bought this to use with the very inexpensive PagePlus pay-as-you-go service and it works very well. I had a Pixi Plus before but the buttons were too small and it was unreliable and difficult to use. The Pre 2 is much more comfortable, much faster, and much more sturdy. Webos is dead and the available apps have dried up, but the ones that exist are useful and reliable on the whole. Any problems I have are probably because of the carrier. I recommend this phone as long as you are satisfied with outmoded technology that just works.

My mistake... didn't understand that Verison would not be able to set up this phone.  Returned the phone, lost a few bucks on the deal, but learned a lesson.

Bought this 3 weeks ago to use on Page Plus after a ton of research. It's a terrific phone. The physical design is really nice; the phone is a pleasure to handle. Great reception, great sound, etc. I bought it from USA Discount Inc. and it came fast and was in perfect new condition, all the plastic on, etc.The camera does not zoom, afaik., which is a little annoying.Saw someone commented on battery life: if you turn the wifi off when you don't need it, that will make a huge difference.I did have to do a software update b/c I could not get downloaded applications to install, which took me some work to figure out, so here's the info. on how to find it: google "developer palm update support application update" (I think Amazon removes links so not bothering to c&p; it). Since I ran the update, which was easy, everything works perfectly.Also, I have dropped it twice, on pavement (gah!!), and the screen really is tough. As is the rest of it. You can't even tell.

Description says &#34;new&#34;. But what I received is far from new. It's not in the original Palm box. Does not have phone user manual. Does not have original palm charger/cable. Phone came in generic mobile phone box with huawei charger. And some generic CDMA quickstart guide. How does that help me with this phone ? Most probably the phone is a return/refurb and it is beginning to show. Sometimes, the screen switches off randomly and stays off and won't turn on for 20-30 seconds - no matter what I do. Sometimes the keypad freezes when I am punching in a number using the touchscreen. Annoying. Might return if the issues persist.

This would be my first real smart phone and I love it. The size, physical keyboard, very good screen and general feel is just for me. The software itself is also amazing, considering how easy it is to use webOS and mod forums that help me change whatever.

It is my first smart phone. Talk about being thrown into the deep end of the pool. Wow.The only reason I know this is because of workmates showing me what this phone can do compared to the current crop of phones.It is no slouch even though it is considered to be out of date.I am very happy.

Good

I was surprised to have problems right off the bat wth my phone and may have just got a defective unit. I had owned a palm pixi previously which in my opinion is a much better and easier to use phone even if it doesn't have the memory capacity(NOT REAL SURE ON THAT ONE My pre cuts off at random in the midle of a text, picture of browsing the web and restarts itself. The camera also will not boot up at times or it takes a while to do so. I really think this is a fluke but based on my experience I would not buy another palm pre. Just to be fair my palm pixi worked great and was also a lot easier to type on as the keyboard was raised a little more and not as crowded by the slider.

It would be an ok phone for someone young just starting out..It doesn't do all that i need it too. it don't even have an SD slot. And i cant get all my apps on it cause it wont work for Palm and it doesn't work for my emails either, wont sync contacts or updates on phone.

If you like webOS on the Verizon this is the phone for you.  Pricing is much better than the Pre 3 and the hardware is miles ahead of the pre and pixi.  Not much support for webOS anymore in terms of apps or future software releases but you should know that anyways if you are looking at a webOS phone.

I love the look of this phone. It's compact, attractive, stylist. The swipe features are also really nice and I've found this phone to be relatively easy to use. My Google contacts synced right up and within minutes the phone was ready to go. Tomorrow it's going back to Amazon.Here's why:-The phone runs hot. And not just a little warm, or a lot warm, it's hot. So hot it was uncomfortable and I tried to hold the phone by its sides when I used it.-When charging, the phone got even hotter. I'm not joking when I'm saying it burned my hand. I'm wondering, now that the phone is packed and ready to go back, if my unit was defective. Because if a lot of people experienced this, they're either ignoring it or they don't know how unusual it is for a phone to get that hot.-My Yahoo! mail wouldn't sync. I kept getting an error. I deleted the account and set it back up 4 times.-The battery life is terrible. The first day it lasted almost 6 hours and I hooked it up for an hour, after which it lasted for another hour.-The second day the battery lasted 5 hours. I was barely on it as I was busy and every time I checked the screen, my battery had dwindled another 15-20%. So when it got to 55%, I set it on my desk and walked away from it. Two hours later it was dead to world, in the middle of the afternoon.I'm coming from an iPhone (due to mine being water damaged). This seemed like a suitable replacement until I could afford to replace my iPhone. But after using an iPhone which lasts all day and doesn't get warm to the touch, this Palm Pre 2 was unacceptable.I liked the software, but the hardware has some serious issues. I wanted to give it two stars because I really liked the design of it, but two stars meant that I simply didn't like the phone. And I hated it.

I cannot stress this enough, this is one of the best phones I have ever owned! the outside feels reliable and well built with a smooth slider that works perfectly. the keys are not too clicky, but not bothersome either. the main bonus of this whole thing is WebOS 2.1, which is the best OS out there! The multitasking and speed are exponentially high quality, kicking Ios and Android while there down. what this phone lacks in apps makes up in productivity and the community. this phone is the absolute golden trophy amongst all great phones, and for 125 it feels like robbery! if you want one of the best for the price, you are getting more than your money's worth with this phone! if you want more apps rather than productivity and creativity, then go for the other generic brands. This phone is the dim light at the end of the hall, but the closer you approach it, the more it shines! this phone is under-acknowledged and under appreciated, take a shot at it if your looking for a great phone!

love this product, wish I bought more. Too bad HP screwed it up. This is my second one. Webos is the best!

I was "upgrading" from a Pre Plus with this phone.  The form factor is great.  The updated OS and better processor really gave me a speed boost.  When it worked that is.  The phone kept resetting itself, and would not finish booting back up.  This would happen multiple times a day.  I like having a phone that I can actually use when I need it.Product support is also a problem.  HP didn't make the phone, Palm did.  And HP didn't want to support it under warranty.  At first they said that the new phone was previously registered under someone else and wanted to charge me.  Finally I got them to understand that it was new, but they still wouldn't help because, all of a sudden, they couldn't update their warranty system.  And without their system saying it was in warranty they couldn't do anything.The OS is great.  The device is a perfect fit for me.  But if it doesn't work right and there is no support it is just a paperweight.  Don't waste your time.

For the size and price, this phone can't be beat! Very easy to use OS and the Apps available are more that enough for my needs. WebOS may be a discontinued operating system but it is still better than Android and Apple's iOS at multitasking. Touchstone charging is an added bonus!

The phone was put in a generic box. The USB charger and USB cable is not PALM brand. They are generic also. And without ear plus. The USB inlet of phone was lacerated.

I bought this phone to activate on Page Plus cellular service, which requires no flashing.  Phone has an elegant size, (nice and small- just drops in your pocket) and I love the Qwerty keyboard which is much better then typing on a screen.  Web OS has great features that outdo Android, and the swipe, card view, and gesture area are nice features for a smartphone.  Phone calls, emails, and texts perfectly!  I like adding favorites to dialer menu, which makes it easier to find your most contacted people in the dialer app.  Wi-fi works great to cut down on data usage, and if you can live with 3G when your out and about, the phone is for you.  Stock battery life for a Pre 2 is a joke, so I went with the Mugen power 2800 mah extended battery and back door.  I average 5 days between each charging cycle, and the extra girth makes it easier to type on the keyboard.  Kind of light on apps for a killed operating system, but it is fine for my usage and homebrew apps and tweaks fill in the gaps.  It's too bad HP killed off the line, and we probably won't see another Pre on the market.  Get the phone now while you still can, and I'm sure you'll find you can't live without it.

I got the Pre 2 to replace a Pre Plus I have been using for two years after it broke recently.  Out of the box it was great, it felt good in the hand and the phone itself was very solid.  After using it for a couple of weeks I am ready to move away from WebOS.  The Pre Plus with all it's quirks worked all the time, I can't say the same for the Pre 2 with the updated WebOS.  Palm had it right and HP messed it up.  Bottom line, it's a great phone for the money but I wouldn't recommend it unless your deciding factor is price.
