
Can't up grade the phone and the battery life didn't last long. would have got another phone if I knew this

The product lasted 7 days. First one sent  14/15 February lasted 7 days,  almost 2 weeks to replace it, and the second one lasted 13 days,from 28 March to 10 April, . Seller said that he had sent replacement and would check on post office; but then days after said did not have batteries and would send immediately. Finally it came on 28th March only to fail completely 13 days later. /i lasted 13 days.

I was shocked to receive a small package...no instruction manual, no disc, no warranty info.  On top of that, the battery is an off brand one, not Samsung at all, and only a travel charger was included.  No memory chip, no travel charger, no ear buds...nothing.  I have never purchased a cell phone that did not come with all those things.  Maybe I misread or missed the info, but I feel like this *new* Samsung phone is a refurbished one!

I am still learning this phone, this is my first smart phone and so far, I love it, will try other Samsung products in the future

Battery runs off pretty quick and take time to charge full. Radiation from cell phone is pretty strong which makes me feel uncomfortable.

The phone arrived very fast! just two days, new in box. everything is ok!And it is fantastic!!!I am very pleased

I highly recommend this phone to anyone for personal use. However, for corporate use, the Froyo Software does not have adequate security built in to meet the requirements of some Corporations IT standards. If you want a versatile phone that's fast, fun, great audio/video quality and easy everything then this is the phone for you. If you're an avid texter and web surfer, then you will love this phone.

it does not work sometimes it works but sometimes it doesn't terrible products ................should not buy it i want a refund now

After receiving the unlock code for my phone, it turned on without a hitch. Thank you for your due dillegence.

Ordered this phone for my husband. Great size to fit his big hands. He loves it so I'm happy. Recommend!

It's fast and the screen is beautiful. The battery life is amazing considering the magnitude of this phone. The camera is crisp and the panorama mode is a great bonus. The ff camera is great on its own. The speakers on this phone are very loud and clear. The noise cancelling microphone helps a lot with the call quality. The swype keyboard is amazing for texting, I've gotten so use to it that I can't use normal keyboards, or if I did, it would be such an inconvenience. This phone is great and I wouldn't hesitate on buying it.

I'm from Venezuela, the phone came in perfect condition, it is unlocked, I could put my line without any problems, works fast, the screen is bigger than I imagined, and for a very good price, I recommend this product.

phone it works properly. No problem. I received unlocked as described. Screen very good and sensitive.Also the speaker is loud while used on the call.

Have had this for over 6 months and am very happy with it.  Being unlocked, it works without any problems with SIM cards from a number of pay-as-you-go companies...we use Consumer Cellular for $17 per month for voice and a little bit of data.Display is sharp and screen size is good for easy reading of EMails, playing games etc.  An excellent unlocked phone.

You won't run the latest version of Android but if you need a great phone with a great screen with gorilla glass and you want to go cheap with something like Red Pocket (which piggybacks on AT&T networks) this will work for you.

like the phone, but already have scratches all over the screen, obviously not Gorilla Glass as advertised.also doesn't update firmware.

I've had several phones and this is by far the best.  Great screen, beautiful color, pictures look great (I know there are some better ones as far as pixels).  Finally got a phone to connect to my SYNC system in my Ford truck.Loaded a 32gb mem card and have more music than I can ever listen toBattery:  Seems to last 2-3 days but I did order a spare that I want to check out.Cons:  Only one I can think of is MAYBE the camera...but it works great for me.

Works for me! I'm new to smart phones so a lot to learn. Seems like brand new. Owners manual helpful

Nice phone,i like the the size of the screen ,picture and sound quality is good.The camera takes good pictures,web browsing is fast both on WiFi and straighttalk. The problem with this phone is that it's not playing regular radio stations I downloaded from Google play store,these same stations plays when I stream live.It froze a few times in my first couple days of usage,but been okay since,this could be because I am not using it much.Overall for the price I paid and the contents I received with the phone, I am satisfied.

I actually bought the Infuse to use as a media player, not a phone (I already have a Samsung S3 mini that I'm very happy with). With the high-quality Wolfson DAC built into the Infuse, and the VooDoo app support for the DAC, sound quality is amazing for both music and video. It doesn't have a &#34;Retina&#34; display, and some reviewers constantly knock Samsung Android device displays; frankly, I don't see a problem. The screen looks good with both video and graphics. Battery life has been good even when watching video; however, some games seem to eat more battery than others.The device is no longer getting any update support from Samsung, but it's easily rooted and there are plenty of ROM options out there on the XDA forum. Although Gingerbread was the last &#34;official&#34; version of Android on the Infuse, I'm running Jelly Bean via the Carbon ROM with no trouble whatsoever. With a 64gb microSD card in the expansion slot, I've got plenty of room for app data and media.The Infuse has been a great media player since I got it, and there's the added bonus of having a spare phone if something happens to my S3 mini. This phone is proof that you don't always need the absolute latest gear. Definitely recommended.

more than met my expectations . Received phone in timely manner and was just as or better than i was expecting.

I ORDER THIS SAMSUNG PHONE LAST WEEK...IT ARRIVE IN VERY NICE CONDITION...BRAND NEW AND IT WORKS PERFECTLY FINE...I AM HIGHLY RECOMMEND ANYONE TO BUY THIS NICE, THIN, AND AMAZING PHONE...MAKE SURE YOU NEED TO BUY A SCREEN PLASTIC COVER AND A CASE FOR IT BEFORE THE PHONE ARRIVE TO YOUR HOME...IT WILL HELP A LOT TO PROTECT YOUR PHONE FROM DAMAGE....GOOD LUCK EVERYONE.

This Is a great phone its better than many I've had but it had a tendancy to freeze now and then which Is acceptable for a used phone

some glitches but good overall. Great size, not to big or small...Good camera and other apps work great. Sometimes it freezes but reboots itself

The order arrived on time, well packed, no complain about that. I do not even blame the seller.All problems are related to the phone itself. I bought two of these and both have shown the same problems, battery last only for a few minutes, top probably half an hour, way different from advertised, even with all applications removed. The wifi is a real disaster, this is just to mention a few. The phone last for ever doing some easy tasks and then you need to cancel them and restart several times, etc, etc. I am giving two stars, but honestly they do not deserve them.This is the first time I am dissapointed by a Samsung product, I've had a lot of cells, tvs, etc and never had any issue, but this phone is really not good. Do not buy it!

Wi-fi works only if i stay within 15 ft. of Router or access point. You move about 10 ft away & it drop it to only 1 bar and completely no signal after 15 ft. away. Other than that great phone!! Slim, good voice quality, & perfect size

It is not working and I didnt have enough time to return it for a refund because i live in the Caribbean

I've had this phone for about a week bought two of them, my husbands works great but came with firmware version 2.2.1 mine came with firmware 2.3.6 well I'm not happy because my phone constantly freezes when I try to open apps, if the app actually opens it's very slow, maybe I got a faulty product either way I'm not happy! I'm also very curious as to why I bought both phones at the same time and his wasn't as updated as mine, but works way better.

i dont know why the phone is not  chargering even when i take out the battery  please can you send me the charger which is free and it is orginal

Trash lasted 3 months was a nice phone.Phone shut down and never turned back on. . Emailed company. Nothing back. Guess the don't mind not having repeat customer's. Don't buy anything with a 30 day warranty.  Try your LUCK I guess. Will never buy from again. Expensive paper wight now.

This phone started out great. I've had it for about 5/6 months. I loved the size, the two cameras, and everything it had to offer. I wish I had read further before purchasing this phone. This phone has a problem called &#34;boot loop&#34;. Just two days ago, my phone kept coming on, flashing &#34;samsung&#34; then it would go back off, come back on flash &#34;samsung&#34; and go back off. It kept doing this, nothing I tried worked. I looked it up online and found out that you have to take your phone completely apart to fix the boot loop. I did everything it said to fix it and it still didn't work. A guy told me I'd have to throw it or bang it against something to get it to stop. I ended up banging it on the floor and it fixed it for all of 6 hours, and it started doing the boot loop again. Honestly, I wish I had done better research before buying this phone.

after a few miss steps with the seller i finaly received my new sansung infuse phone. so for i have no complant about this phone its easy to use and have a ton of great featers

Delivery was very prompt after ordering.  Have had some issues since signing with T-Mobile.  Expect it is not the phone; simply poor help when signing.  Will go back for help in accessing apps.  Have followed the online manual at Samsung's website, but not successful....still believe (and pray) it's T-Mobile....not the phone.  Looking forward to lots of good usage!

Un equipo espectacular. La pantalla ofrece los colores m&aacute;s incre&iacute;bles y llamativos. La calidad de las im&aacute;genes no tienen igual. El rendimiento de la bater&iacute;a puede ser mejor, aunque no llega a ser mediocre.

The camera doesn't work and they didn't say if you purchase this item to be shipped to Canada there would be additional cost  a lot. The shippers didn't say  and I think that was very deceitful and they chose not to assist me with a solution in getting the phone back to them to be fixed.  All cost I would have to pay plus duty which would amount to more than the cost of the phone. This was an awful experience and I would never purchase anything from those shippers again.

I ordered phone from wireless concepts they never shipped it outso i ordered a phone from good guys electronics and my phone was here in 3 days i love good guys electronics and my next purchases will always be at good guys electronics don't even try to go anywhere else good guys electronics will do you right

I received my phone today, Tuesday, which I ordered on Friday.  I am so happy that it was shipped so fast and it is in excellent condition and seems to work great.  I was a little hesitant to order it through e mail but I lost my original Samsung Infuse a week after getting it from AT&T; and unfortunately I had no insurance...bad idea. They wanted $699 for the phone and it was $341 at Amazon through Surge Telecom.  I e mailed Surge to ask about their return policy (if mine showed up or the one sent was not right)and they immediately responded to me with their policy.  I wouldn't hesitate to buy from them again.....very pleased with all of the process and I am not one to spend more than $50 on the internet.  Many thanks to those who provided such great service.Barbara Coppola, Guilford, Ct.

This is the best phone I have owned.  I have had a cell phone since the late 90's and a smartphone since the Motorola Q (which was/is a great phone too).  I purchased this one because my daughter's phone quit after a solid drop on the corner (it was 2 years old too - has seen some rough wear).

it was a good deal. the product is good and working well with all companies.the screen is good. the overall performance is good. the screen size is really nice.

I've had this phone for 2 years and upgraded today to a 4s. ..a little late to write a review, but I have to say I've loved this phone. It's thin and sexy, and even now decently fast. The screen looks great and doesn't have a single scratch after 2 years without a case. Battery life is &#62;1 day for me, which is all I care about. I've replaced the battery once.The only negative I've noticed is that the case is like aluminum foil in thickness. I've only dropped the phone twice but both times it created a permanent dent. If you drop your phone a lot you'll definitely need a case.I'm seriously worried that my new 4s won't be as nice as this.

I waited a few days to write this review so I could really asses the phone. It is a very nice phone.. The screen is an excellent size and the color and picture on the screen are awesome. the camera works great! It was brand new just like it was stated by the seller.  I have had no issues with the phone so far.

Works ok but not that fast in downloading staff. The camera works fine and is very clear in all kinds ofweather.

I just got the Brand new Infuse it is awesome big screen and fast al though phone is good.bt i use it for T mobile but it cant access 3G or 4G on dis mobile. n in Gtalk to it does not show video calling option.datz big problem.. :(

This is a great phone for people at any age.It is moderately weighted, and is compatible with almost every app there is out there.(except Vine)It has a great battery life and is very resistant to falls, bumps and water.I wouldn't sell my phone for the world.Uranus maybe; but not Earth

When i purchased this phone i purchased a complete set but instead the seller took out the data micro sd chip the head set and the original samsung infuse battery and put the replacement battery for the phone and they do not allow you to contact them so beware of seller. I also find the battery dies pretty quick.

Good, but i have a problem.. the internet have problems, dont charge something pages!and  somethings apps stop running from not where

This is good phone for the price.  It is meeting my requirement for texing and phone. Internet work fine also but expected little faster.

I've only owned the Samsung Infuse 4G (using ATT) for a few days, but it is truly an impressive device. I would strongly recommend it to anyone considering a top-line smart phone. Period.My smart phone history is (recently) six Dell Streak 5s (which is an amazing device, but with a few flaws), a Blackberry Bold 9000, and temporarily (recently) an LG540.Samsung Infuse is a beautiful phone. Vivid display (clearer and larger than any similar smart phone), logical functionality (16 Apps per page that scroll sideways), and the flexibility of Android.It's capacitive touch screen works very well, and the onboard memory (and capacity to upgrade) is excellent.The only weak point is the battery, but I've only had the device for days and it's not quite fair to criticize quite yet. However, having said that, it seems that if you allow all manner of back-ground programs to run (which is what will happen - unless you intervene), that you may spend some part of your day re-charging this device just to keep it alive.However, experience users (e.g., ATT reps who own this device, & other US citizens) advise me that selecting Task Managers (installed) or Market-available task managers (free), will extend your battery's life well beyond default settings. Not sure yet, but it seems the battery will last the majority of the day IF you are not using Wifi, GPRS-web, running onboard programs to the max, and/or talking simultaneously throughout your day. Perhaps all that activity is unlikely, but it's possible.Purchase a protective case immediately. This device is very thin, and its form-facter offers very little built-in impact-absorbing space (none), and you'll need to add some survivability to put your mind at ease. I selected the Case Mate, and it fits as tight as a drum head, but seems to offer some impact resistance; haven't tested it, nor do I want to.The Power-up key (top right) seems a bit of an odd place, but this probably prevents it from being pressed inadvertently. The volume rocker keys (top left) function as you would expect (up-loud, down-quieter), which is a breath of fresh air (Dell Streak varied its volume rocker functionality based on whatever direction its AutoRotation determined was UP - which I found very strange).This is only a quick "First Impression" evaluation. But I must say, I am blown away by the absolute beauty of the large 4.5" display (not as big as Dell Streak 5, but much brighter and clearer), and the ease-of-use of Samsung Infuse. Infuse ships with a charger cable, wall adapter (no car power adapter is provided), an HDMI to phone plug (this phone will connect to your HDMI television for playback), quite nice ear buds (two extra different-sized ear bud sets), and a code sheet for one free HD movie. Loaded HD movies look amazing on this device, by the way.Email, Internet, Messaging, Phone use (speaker phone and handset, Application functionality, "feel" in-hand are all superb.I would buy this phone again. My competition was iPhone 4 (which has a lovely screen, but I found to be too small for the programs I use in my work: aviation weather programs; I'm not an Apple-hater, I own 9 Apple computers, but so far, I cannot cross the line into mobility with Apple; perhaps it is the iTunes strangle-hold that bothers me so much), Samsung Captivate, HTC Impress [all ATT so far], and US Cellular's offerings (nothing interested me), Sprint (same), Verizon's (all Droid phones - but their pricing was not attractive enough to swap service), and T-Mobile's smart phone offerings (which was/is very attractive - due to their cost-vs-benefit-%functionality ... and their unlimited data plans for 2 devices). Jury is not out yet, and the trial period for my ATT Infuse(s) has not expired. T-Mobile may yet get my business.But until then, and based on this device's performance only (notwithstanding the provider - which is hard to isolate!), I strongly recommend Samsung Infuse. Remember to purchase a protective cover & insure this device through Amazon's warranty service (i.e., "SquareTrade") or you may need to buy another on your own dime.Cheers!

I am from Venezuela and unfortunately the phone to get me a month ago and until now I have not worked with any telephone line, really wanted to help me solve the problem, if you could send them to fix it, please??

Most happy. I got mine in just a few days from ordering.. Brand New! just as it was said to be.  Thank you.

The first phone sent to us didn't work but the company sent a new one FEDEX and it came the next day.  So far so good.  I hope this one continues to work properly.  It is a good phone for my daughter.

I owned this phone for about a year with NO PROBLEMS. It is just that I change out phones often as I am a techie and have to have the latest phone/tablet, etc. And so I upgrade very often. However, the phone worked perfectly for the time I owned it, so here is my detailed review, and I hope that it will help you make a good decision if you need a great smartphone at this great price!***Keep in mind that this Sim Unlocked phone will work fine in AT&T; and even T-Mobile for calling and texting. But for Internet and MMS, you may need to set the APN settings. If you need the APN settings for At&T;, T-Mobile etc, just ask me in the comments and I will send them.Pros:- Very clear and easy to read 4.5" screen.- Outstanding colors and outstanding screen clarity.- 2.2 Android allowed me to save many installed apps on my SD External card. (Cannot do this anymore after OS 3.0 and higher).- Great camera - I took many high quality pictures.- Wonderful music player app (the stock one was just right and makes great playlists,etc). Sound quality excellent.- Got 4g on the Internet Data.- WiFi came in clear and fast.- Overall a easy to use and perfect size phone and comfortable to hold with big enough screen.Cons:- NO FM Radio. However, I installed Tune In Radio so if I had WiFi on, I could listen to all kinds of radio stations.- Could use more memory, yet it still ran fast for me.- It has OS of 2.2 Android, possibly 2.3. However, this is still a good OS and will run most Apps. I still have a Galaxy Player with 2.3 and all apps I installed run fine...Good phone, after owning it for about a year, I upgraded to Samsung Galaxy Note N7000 with 5.3 screen. However, that one was too large and heavy to hold and I upgraded again. However, at times, I kind of miss my old Infuse as it was big enough at 4.5" and not a heavy phone to hold. And at the price offered, it is a good deal for a nice phone.Also, I am a techie and know a lot about Android devices that is smartphones and tablets, so if you have any questions, please ask me in the comment section.Hope that this review has been helpful to you and thank you for reading it.

they sent me the wrong phone every time i call they hang up they dont answer my emails either,i am waiting for my samsung infuse DO NOT USE THIS SELLER.

Received the phone on timw,l couldn-t wait to open the box, when i did i was so dissapointed,,the phone wash,,t new, the memory card i missing.It works fine ,but where,s the memory card,And its was my birthday gift.Thanks a lot

I am an advanced user and have been using this phone since past 3 months. This phone has an amazing huge s-amoled display which blows away all other phone displays I have seen till date. I have owned Blackberry,Nokia,iphone,etc but this phone is the best of all. I purchased this unlocked phone and rooted it immediately and installed custom Zeus rom (Gingerbread). It removed all the AT&T; bloatware and it can bump up its cpu speed from 1ghz to 1.6ghz with auto speed on demand setting as some graphic intensive games require higher processing power.Phone is incredibly slim so you need to buy a good case to protect it plus a scratch screen guard. Battery drains out quickly as the screen is a monster power consumer and phone heats up very very fast with GPS and screen turned on for longer periods. The sound quality is superb, display is super good and its on par with iphone its slim body.For advanced users like me, Iphone is really a piece of junk as I have customized each and every aspect of the phone which android allows and in my opinion, its far more advanced OS than anything in the mkt with tons of freeware available for downloads unlike paid apps from iphone. I am considering buying a second phone for my dad. At this price of under 350$, its a steal and it matches uptp 650$ dual core phones in the mkt with customized roms which can bump up the speed dramatically. It also has a state of the art GPU and phone is extremely fast inspite of loading it with so many apps. You can setup a wi-fi hub with your phone data connection too. Samsung is the worlds largest manufacturer of s-amoleds and other manufacturers have to buy from them to use it in their devices. Checkout xda developers site for installing custom roms on your androids ! Buy it.

Yes, I love this phone!  Although I used an iPhone for many years, I was balking at the cost of the new models.  When the battery of my old iPhone began to give out, I selected this Samsung model and I'm not sorry I did.  The protective case just arrived today so I'm ready to face the rigors of everyday life with phone in hand - or in pocket, as the case may be.  The case was simple to put on and looks as if it will provide a lot of protection.

I gave it one stars because, the charger cable was damaged and i had to spend 50 dollars repairing the operating system.and also, the battery was not original. This is a bad seller.

Bought this for my daughter.  Took it to AT&T and they set the whole thing up for her.  It never worked right.  Couldn't make calls, send or receive texts.  Sent it back.

do you like the specs??Physical size:4.5 inchesResolution:480 x 800 pixelsPixel density:207 ppiTechnology:Super AMOLED PlusColors:16 777 216Touchscreen:Multi-touchFeatures:Light sensor, Proximity sensorSystem chip:Samsung Exynos 3Processor:Single core, 1200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A8Graphics processor:PowerVR SGX540System memory:512 MB RAMBuilt-in storage:16 GBStorage expansion:microSD, microSDHC up to 32 GBCamera:8 megapixelsFlash:LEDFeatures:Auto focus, Smile detection, ISO control, Burst mode, Digital zoom, Panorama, Effects, Self-timerCamcorder:1280x720 (720p HD) (30 fps)Features:Video callingFront-facing camera:1.3 megapixelsthe phone is aweeeesome is like the galaxy s 2 cousin only that is more affordable

I bought mobile from device now at amazon.com and i must say this phone is awesome,good clearity,good speed and total satisfaction.

I suppose the phone is ok. It worked. But I did not like it. A few weeks later I went back to the iPhone.

i wish it was like brand new , its used and its just ok phoneI had try it since it was samsung and great headline but not badgood price its worth 125 dollars in my opinion.i paid 160.00 so still good dealthank you seller for your effort and again than k you amazon..
