
product with the expected quality, shame about the software that does not include the Spanish language as one of their languages

When i received this phone i open it and i didn't get the real box from Samsung. After that i used it for 20 days so i found out this isn't from the real seller but from a chines company making a fake one.LET ME RATE IT:Rare Camera 3/5 ( doesn't feel like a 8 mp camera)Front camera 2/5 (no optimization)Experience 3/5 (it lagged and froze sometime)Speakers 2/5 (tiny speakers on the back)Screen 3/5 (cant produce good quality color or sharpness)Look 4.5/5 (sleek and sexy)Feel on hand 4/5 (one hand should do)build quality 3.5/5 (not to bad)I THINK YOU CAN GET THE NEXUS 4 FROM GOOGLE PLAY STORE WHICH WILL COST MUCH LESS FOR A MUCH BETTER PHONE SO THINK ABOUT THAT OPTION.

Bought this from the seller, and arrived in a small package, but the Samsung Box was already opened?! what is wrong with the sellers opening the box!? anyway, the phone looks nice and stylish, but if you like EDGE signal...then that is all you will get.  No 3g or 4g support or ability on this phone here in the states.  Do not buy if your looking for a 4g or 3g phone.  If anyone out there can help me configure this sexy and stylish phone to enable 3g or 4g....is highly appreciated.

buenas tardes el tel&eacute;fono llego en buenas condiciones lo que se a querido de sansung lo malo es que dice movistar y no agarra Internet seg&uacute;n que esta bloqueado por eso no opera aqu&iacute;,hay que actualizar el software solo en wi fi

My husband had take the phone and have it unlocked. ....the tmobile Samsung galaxy s ii works best international countries. So think before getting this phone.

The seller (onestopbuymart) is ok. But I have a problem with my white Samsung Galaxy SII: the cellphone came used with some pictures in the gallery and the battery used as well, so the battery life doesn't even makes it to half a day. I bet they send me the phone that they used to show people like the demo one.

This cell phone is so awesome. I have been using the I-phone 4 for a long time. The Galaxy S2 is much better than I-phone 4s. What do you think GUYS??

Sent me a different cell. an atyt version without radio and I had some difficulties to use in my country. Very disappointed with amazon service. If I buy one article I expect to receive that article, not other.

ORDERED X2 ONE VERY GOOD THE SECOND ONEHAD TO CHANGE THE SPEAKER COSTING 100 QR ABOUTUS $ 30 SHAME

This is a great phone .. while it works. I was using it on the Tmobile network.But then, it would start to turn on and off intermittingly. Now, I don't abusephones and I HAVE NEVER HAD A CELLPHONE BREAK ON ME ....Ever ... Last night Icharged this. It was very hot this morning. And that was the last time thisphone went on. I searched the internet and found this is a problem with thesephones ..... Today, I'm going back to Apple where I should have stayed. Morereliable with apps (no open source) ... More happy users. Now I have a500 dollar piece of junk that's 1 month old. Big learning curve. No moreSamsung.

I thought it was bigger, but I loved this beautiful, super fascinates me how good it is recommend it for future purchases thanks

Phone worked for two weeks. Now appears that the internal attenna is not working as we are getting no signal.So the phone is useless. Did not get a response for the return. Which we put in three days ago. So I guess we are at .5 stars at the moment.

Compr&eacute; el tel&eacute;fono ayer y lo estoy usando ahora mismo! El env&iacute;o fue muy r&aacute;pido, muy seguro con el track id. Global Mobiles respondi&oacute; a todas las preguntas que les hice muy r&aacute;pido y de manera muy honesta. Ellos estuvieron en contacto constante conmigo.El tel&eacute;fono es importado de Europa, pero no tuve ning&uacute;n problema con mi chip. Ya que est&aacute; desbloqueado de f&aacute;brica. En color blanco es una joya...Recomiendo altamente comprarle a este vendedor!

It's a very smart phone and I like it. It's only the earphone that I didn't likeApart from the phone works good

This Samsumg phone is great , meets my expectations . Its easy to use and fast enough for my needs . Woks perfectly

It works OK. Looks OK but tge only complaint is that does not have Spanish configuration.  Too bad.Anyway the phone it self is really good

Firstly- nothing against the phone ! It is REALLY the BEST one out there, you wont regret having Samsung G S2But World Wde ditributors are terible. I orderd the White one, & they sent me the BLACK one. When I told them that they sent me the wrong order they were VERY reluctant to take this order back. & wasted my time like anything. forced me to show them PICTURES as proof,, & then they are like emmm.... we cant have it back coz u have opened the box it or used it. I got frustrated as hell. I threatened them that Ill sue their company,,,, I filed A-Z gaurantee claim with Amazone, then world wide distributors are like ok we will take it back & replace with the WHITE one.....&  I returned via UPS, then they stop replying I call Amazone again which then FORCED a refund out of them.Take home message: Phone is great ! World Wide distributors are terrible. The international Warrenty is a SCAM ( now changed to version) it does not work outside latin America. DONT PUT YOUR MONEY At RISK,,, it will waste your time. Pick some other buyer.

I used this phone with my Straight Talk service and it is great I love the big screen and light weight.

When he saysSamsung Galaxy S II SA-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8 MP Camera and GPS support - International Version - Ceramic WhiteHe MeansSamsung Galaxy S II SA-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8 MP Camera and GPS support - International Version - Ceramic White.U rock dude

hello dear seller Electronix LLC this mail is intended to express my displeasure as a buyer of your computer:Samsung Galaxy S II SA-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8 MP Camera and GPS support - International Version - Ceramic Whitethis you offer a product as new and happens to be a REFURBISHED computer, not on the data of SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS, besides take it to the authorized samsung and was told that was not original and it was noticed that even has the repair tag on the upper back.NEED AN ANSWER FROM YOU FEEL SCAMMED WHY PAY ME SOMETHING DEFECTIVE, REPAIRED, NOT ORIGINAL.I would appreciate your prompt response.

This is my first really smart phone, so I do not have much experience with others, I did compare it with the iphone, and I prefer this for its larger screen.  The booklet that comes with it is nearly useless but that is normal these days.

Yes, it is brand new, sealed. Arrived quickly. The device itself its already showing its age.. So its a bit expensive for what you get.

Real Nice phone has all the bells and whistles. Its much lighter than my friends boost mobile version of the S2.

Arrived on time and in perfect shave. Very nice cell phone. Totally recommendable. They said it will arrive on Monday and on Thursday i was already enjoying it

I'm very satisfied with my purchase, it was almost 2 years ago. I have no complaints about this phone. I'm a full user of smartphones and I realized that I was the best choice for me. Now I'm thinking in to change it, but It was so good, that I'm really confused about change it.

Ordered a Samsung Galaxy SII from the seller and got the product delivered on time, but the box was open and the battery did not hold charge at all. Since this was my first android phone, was very excited but the disappointment with the battery made me return the phone. Would suggest buyers to return the package if the box of the phone is not sealed.

Hi everyone,I have question for who used this phone in Saudi Arabia or know about it. I would like to buy this phone for my sister, which she lives in Saudi Arabia, but I am worried of that this phone will not work there. It says international version, and I do not if it is "really international version." I want hear from exports if this phone will work there, so that I can buy it for my sister.Thank you so much,

Love my new phone! Has everything I need and more!!! So far I have 4 other friends who purchased it! So much better looking the the S4

I do not recommend anyone the phone heat is discharged to complete faster and not the original purchase not lose their money

I am not thrilled with this product. I bought it under the impression that it is from the United States and would work in the United States. The description says it only ships within the United States so that makes people think that it will work on the current generation 3g/4g. To sell a phone in a country where the service is 3g but the phone can only run on EDGE 2g speed is ridiculous. It is slow unless connected to wifi and when I look at the specs it shows the model number is GT-I9100. NOT the SA-I9100 like it says.As for the only shipping in the US part, when I turned it on the language was in German because the manufacturer is in Germany. What is the point of having a phone that cannot connect to the strongest signal in your area?My main concern is being able to access at least 3g speed. I think the seller should step up and either trade me a phone that works in California on 3g at the very least or refund my money. I'm so irritated with this.It is a fast phone when it comes to the apps I download(which took 20 minutes to download)but when i'm trying to use Facebook or the Internet it's slow and my text messages are delayed.Does anyone know how I can fix this and get 3g?I feel like I have been scammed and I'm really considering not doing any more business with Amazon.

Really like this product. Its very fast and has excellent screen resolution.. Would recommend to anyone wanting a galaxy phone but feels the s3 is too big

I had a problem in my country Ecuador because my operator company Claro has another type of frequency to use it so i 'll go to Orlando, Florida between september and october this year in order to vacations searching the choice to change the phone with another one or returning my payment.  Is there some place or shop to do it in Orlando?.  If it's not possible let me know how can i do it by your website.I'll be pleasent to receive your answer to my email:  jorgeavendano1003@hotmail.com.Thanks a lot.Best regards,Jorge Avendano

I'm so frustrate with the service! My son was going to one week camp, and his iPhone brook, so I tried to find him different phone through amazon before he leave, so I tried to get samsung phone from this seller, and I waited for the whole 10 days for the phone to arrive, after we received the phone the charger was not working either the USB to connect to the laptop it keep saying its not compatible, because it's kind of different version from foreign country, so we couldnt use the phone or even get to know if the phone is good to go or not! Sowe tried to call and contact them but no respond till we got amazon customer care involved than they email us that the phone is fine it's just the charger cs some other customer had the same issue with thiers too! So they said if u want we can send u other one, Wich it took us couple of day just to get thier ema respond and by the time we said yes and waited again for another week and no charger come yet so icalled amazon and that they opens claim and than we had to wait again for couple of days cs they said they have to hear from the seller if they will respond or not, after couple of days amazon requested that we have to send the phone back as the seller requested and than we Recieved an ema from the seller we sent u a new charger did u Recieved it we said no we didn't so I waited another week for it so I wouldn't have to send the phone back, but guess what!! No charger,we waited the whole week for nothing and my son time to go to camp is almost here, so I did send the whole package back to them and of course I paid the ups shipping cost, and after couple of days from the day I sent the phone, than the charger arrived Wich I don't need it anymore and there is no use for it, now I'm really mad cs u have to go back online and start all over again to look for another phone and we don't have time cs my son is leaving in week :( its really unprofessional service, I can't believe I paid all that money for this kind of service, and now I have to wait for my refund!

The product looks very nice and I love it. The only problem is that it doesn't support 4G on T-Mobile and the seller didn't mention that. I found out later after talking to T-Mobile and searching through many smart phone forums that if you use this International model on T-Mobile network, it will only support EDGE, not even 3G. So, right now, I'm paying for the 4G plan whil e surfing the Internet and other applications at the turtle speed.Anyway, I still give 4 stars for this item. You won't have the same problem if you don't use T-Mobile network. I think it works well with AT&T; and other networks in many countries outside of US.I only expect that the seller would include the information about this issue in the product description. All other things are excellent.

exc phone and very cheap for an unlocked phone... all was brand new and still in the box... I recommend it

I HAVE RECEIVED FROM YOU TEAM SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 WITH THESE PROBLEMS, NO SIGNAL EQUIPMENT NOR 3G 4G. THE HORN DOES NOT WORK, THE CALLS ARE CUT DUE TO FAILURE OF COVERAGE, THE PHONE TURNS OFF BY ITSELF IN GENERAL IS IN POOR CONDITION AS TO CONNECTIVITY AND OPERATION, WHICH IS WHY I SEE IN MY OBLIGATION TO FILE FORMAL COMPLAINT TO YOU WITH DUE rESPECT, I DO NOT FEEL SASTISFECHO WITH SHIPPING AND APPLY FOR A PROMPT SOLUTION IS ABOUT IT BECAUSE IT IS A PERSONAL INVESTMENT WHICH RESULTED NOT SATISFACTORY.

I recently moved to Thailand and found the data portion of my Verizon Droid 2 Global wouldn't work on the Thai network.  After a month of frustration, I replaced the Motorola phone with the white S II. I couldn't be happier. This is a great phone as a phone, and a great mini tablet/PDA/whatever. One feature that seems not to be mentioned is there is the hi-res camera on the back, AND a lower res camera on the front.  If you want to take self photos and see what you're getting, or do a video chat, this device will really shine.I'm using the Asian version, and it's an off the shelf item here -- walk in with enough baht, and walk out with a phone.  I can't comment on shipping, or the Amazon vendors, but the phone itself is great.

It arrived in the estimated time, in its original box completely sealed. I am very satisfied with purchase of the Galaxy S2.

the samsung galazy s2 is not working!! It lood like it was used!!... it is not working! I didn't like it

This phone is great.But they forgot to tell you it's the I9100G model (note the extra 'G').Meaning, slightly different internal hardware  - uses TI graphic chip.For the ones (like me) who want to enjoy the rich world of Android kernels and ROMs, the options become quite limited.It appears that the different hardware than the "regular" I9100 requires different firmware.Hence, the most common ROMs and also ICS (latest Android version) cannot be installed. At least not yet, at the time I'm writing this review.For more details about the G variant:[...]

I have had a Samsung before and had good luck with it, so after 4 years I decided to upgrade and this phone with the 8 mp camera seemed to be something I'd like to have. So far I have been very happy with it--it has everything I need--

One of the Worst product to purchase .I ordered Galaxy S2 SA-I9100 and new whereas item delivered was GT-I9100 and that too old and even not all functionlities are working .Only can say all my money were wasted

This is a great looking phone however it does not support any of the fast speeds like 4g or 3g. If you are looking to use this phone on EDGE speeds, this would be the, in my opinion, the best phone out there. I would give it 5/5, had it worked on my t mobile 4g.

Got this phone a few days now and it works great in Trinidad. The screen is just simply the most amazing I have ever seen on any phone, it is bright and very colour full. The white is just beautiful I totally love this phone would recommend it for anyone.

Easy to handdle. Easy to access all functionalities. Was like very much all the pictures, and the images ar very clear and bright. I don't have any complaint about it. I recommend it

it is a very good performance movil, however I think price is a little to much, I ll rather get a Xperia next time

Great and slim phone, good quality of samsung many functions and light weight. Big and bright screen the image is so clear.

I love this phone and the seller is awesome every time I buy a phone I always go with worldwide distributors I reciently upgraded to the Samsung galaxy s4 I am egarly awating its arrival the phone came in perfect shape I am very happy with my purchase and I know I will be happy with my Samsung galaxy s4

Samsung Galaxy S II SA-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8 MP Camera and GPS support - International Version - Ceramic White

I was very excited to receive our new phones. But they didn't work. I took them to professionals to get them set up and they couldn't get them to work either. Now I'm stuck paying for a phone service that I can't use. I've already set out to return them. NOT satisfied at all.

Lighter than the Iphone, with a large screen and lots of free apps. Sometimes the Androir crash, but any way, it's a good deal.

Good day, I received the following product in good condition but from a week or so technicians tell me that you damage the IMEI code and therefore I can not use, I also said the same card is not the original SAMSUNG possessing the other phone, I need an urgent response to return, thanks!

I bought this for my mom in China. And it's working really well. It never dies except that it's battery-comsuming. But it's smart phone.

Im very happy with my smartphone, just an advise: Be more detailed with the german language, and the german software included for those who doesnt speak that language is not useful, having tools unused because of the language barrier.

Phone did not work

The phone is giving resound while talking and i took samsung show room for fixing but they said its duplicate phone not original.

They sale fake merchandise. Horrible customer service and return policy. My phone stop working two months after I purchase and Samsung will not cover the warranty because it's a counterfeit merchandise.

bueno ya llevo mas de 5 meses con el celular y a la fecha nomeha dado ningun problema ,es muy rapido el interner y navegas sin ningun problemas,excelente

The truth is that when i purchased the phone i was happy because of the ratings and customer reviews. I am from venezuela and when i placed the order and the phone arived here i turned it on and it started wierd and it was not acting normally, it wouldnt turn on without the charger plugged in, and i said that the battery was 100% charged. Since i was having issues i took it to a local samsung authorized agent, and they looked it up in the sistem and it did not appear, and they searched my husbands phone samsung galaxy sduos which he bought here in venezuela in samsung and it obviouly appeared. So basically my phone is not original, I am very upset this phone was almost 300 dollars. Its frustrating becase this phone has good reviews its almost as if they chose me. For everyone that is planning on buying it, DONT.

the phone great but when i got it the front carema sucked and i dont get 3g at all all i get is g network and the front lights do work at this sucks but rocks at the same time if only i could get it fixed

I bought this product for my fiancee, initially it was good but after using 6-8 months it started having problem and eventually, within a year, it broke down...

This is my first android phone and i am loving it. Perfect shape and size. Not too small and not too big. Loved the screen and touch sensitivity. I had At & T postpaid connection, i just put my sim card and done... it started like a charm. its really an international version. One more good thing about it was it came with a global charger. Like most of the people say about battery issue, i never faced any issue as such. Just make sure you turn off wifi, gps, sync whenever you are not using it.Overall a great purchase. I will surely recommend this product.

I'm upset by the product, I first came to the second damaged screens phones are Chinese are not samsung Original galaxy have external antenna and no equipment Original S3 brings, exigo I reimburse my money since q ue phones do not work and are damaged

Im in Ecuador, i ordered this phone to a friends house in miami, now I have the phone here in Ecuador and when i put my SIM card (from Claro operator) it read it but it didnt catch signal. I send it to check in case it wasnt unlocked but the  technician confirmed me that the phone isnt ORIGINAL, IT IS A CHINESE IMITATION and that it will never work with my operator. I JUST CONTACT THE SAMSUNG STORE AS WELL AND THEY ARE WILLING TO SIGN A LETTER THAT SAYS THAT THE PHONE PacificCellularDistributor SOLD ME ISNT AN ORIGINAL ONE, i hope they take legal actions, and that the seller refund my money!!!!!

Hellop guys.. I loved my celphone..! It's all I want it.. I'm from Venezuela and the galaxy works very well.. Really, thanks a lot..!!

This phone did not work at all for me. It freezes up on me everytime I use it it sucks ! I want my refund

the cell has so many defections i did not like it, i have to ship it backcause it was a chinese product

need help!!!if works on 850 ill buy it no questions asked, but if it doesnt then i can not buy it scince in Ecuador its the only frequency that is used.Tnks!!

The phone I received is rebuilt, comes in a box that is not the original, have problems with the network, I can not connect on 3g, just grab gsm, plus it overheats. in short, I regret having bought this seller

The phone doesnt get charged, the battery lasts for less than an hour and had many other problems with the device.

I bought this phone and I got it a month and a half after I paid it. It was not because of amazon, it is because of shipment problems to my country. anyways... It is very cool. I like how much it weights! It is white and it has its headphones... I really like it! I had to upgrade it to jelly bean which was not that easy, but it worked!Bought it to Goat MobileCompre este telefono y lo tuve en mis manos mes y medio despues q lo compr&eacute;. Esto no es culpa de amazon, es por los problemas de envio que hay en mi pais (currier). Bueno, el telefono es genial! Me gusta como pesa, es muy liviano! Es blanco y trae sus propios audifonos. Me gusta mucho. Tuve que actualizarlo a jelly bean lo cual no fue facil, pero funcion&oacute;..Se lo compr&eacute; a Goat Mobile

Never answered emails, never sent the package. No service. I felt cheated. Is to demand for my money back.Nunca contest&ograve; correos, nunca envi&ograve; el paquete. Ning&ugrave;n servicio. Me sent&igrave; estafada. Est&agrave; en reclamo para que me devuelvan el dinero.

I wanted an unlocked phone as I want to use it once i leave USA. But I got a T-Mobile Galaxy S2 and its not even a new one. The seal on the box is broken. The phone is damaged, the back panel is broken.  The title says 'unlocked galaxy s2 international version', but I got a completely opposite one. I should never have bought phones in amazon. The only true thing about the title is that its a ceramic white phone. Asked for returning the phone, lets see what happens.

All was good, the samsung galaxys s2 is a great smartphone, this work perfectly, I'm happy with this buy, I'll buy it again.

i`m costumer of venezuela with movilnet great device work fine 3gsoy usuario movilnet funciona sin problemas levanta 3g la navegaci&oacute;n por youtube es r&aacute;pida reproduce videos en alta definici&oacute;n fotos excelentes

very purchase with this seller, ( TGUEnterprise ) I sold one phone with the pins of the memory without injured party, try to send to fix and repair is not because it is not original, it is a Chinese phone, I really lost my dollars.

I like the product. I had a samsung ace before.I bought the Samsung GalaxyII for Guyana. It did not have space for ba sim card. I was told that there was the other type that has space for the sim card. I was not questioned on this as I made purchase. What can I do

This is the best smartphone ever...even in the third world country, like Tanzania, it works perfect.The goodEverything i.e from speed,user friendliness, features,apps etcThe badLike all other smartphones,batterylife although it much much better than HTCConclusionOnce you buy extra batteries, then this the must have smartphoneLooking forward to own S3Cheers

I'm using it for Movistar Venezuela, it works perfectly as it should. It's a beautiful phone with Android OS which makes it an excelent device.Everything you can see about this phone is perfectly great, the ONLY ONE thing nobody would like is the battery, it waste very fast but making some changes on the OS you can make it improve.It uses the same bands as Movistar, so it works with 3G and HSPA.PD: Differences between GT-I9100 and SA-I9100 are just the origin, it does not make any important changes.I bought the ceramic white and black version to the FGS Trading seller.

Samsung Galaxy S II SA-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8 MP Camera and GPS support - International Version - Ceramic White. Amazon does advertise as SA-I9100, however it delivers the product as Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100. It is an excellent cell Android phone and high quality product.

Charging pin broke. Gets Heated often. Worst product Ever. Looks cheap and has very thin plastic bottom. Please don't buy this phone or from this seller.

It was beyond my Expectations. It's Nice doing Business with you. Keep up the good works. Thank you so Much.

Love, Love this phone, slim, great interface. With prime membership got this phone in 1 day in brand new condition and packaging. Highly recommend it

I bought the Samsung Galaxy S2 i9100 in Pink. I have to say I was NOT disappointed. Since the day it arrived the packaging the cell phone the accessories everything was there plus the universal charger I'm in love with my phone I've had this phone since May 25 it hasn't let me down. Global mobiles have always answer my questions and been there if I needed anything. Thank you Global Mobiles, you can trust them.

I sat on it and broke immediately, took it to revision and they told me it was a Chinese version, it's fake.

good design! it works so fast! love samsung! ha ha ha ha ha ha ha aha ha ha ha ha

This cellphone is a waste of time! A chinese version, not original, Don't buy it, doesn't accept software updatesand the software is very SLOW!

El tel&eacute;fono sabia que era un excelente articulo, llego en buen estado. Excelente todo. lo Recomiendo 100%. Escribo desde Venezuela

I boat this Samsung Galaxy II  as a replacement to my broken Nexus 4 with I enjoyed very much.The phone wasDefective/Does not work properly. Not new.It does not see any sim card from T-mobil. Computer does not recognize it as a proper devise (troubleshooting problem).WIFI very weak. Y really suspect it is not the original.I send it back but no refund for already more than 20 days. I failed the dispute clam, still no progress.Amazon not suppose to give his marketplace to such dishonest  seller as  Electronix LLC and provide themwith the high rating. I would probably never buy electronics from unknown seller

as i dont need state of the art i purchased it and it is very good for meit arrived on time in good shape

I love this phone by both hardware and software! It has great CPU, bright awesome display and attractive hardware.My only problem is with the battery....I get only 5 hours under regular use.But overall, awesome phone!

The seller was very quick to ship my item and I received it within two days. I was at first happy with the phone I purchased until it started to fail within two weeks. It stopped holding a charge and would not charge when plugged in, it turned on & off on its own randomly, and I could not receive/make phone calls or text about 90% of the time. I have since returned this phone (Samsung Galaxy SII unlocked international version) and it was attempted to be delivered almost a week ago. I am still waiting for the seller to pick up the package and give me my refund. Not very happy at all. Will edit this review when issue is fully resolved and I receive my full refund.

The product is good, sleek and handy and easily adaptable. Has already recommended it to my friends, just happy with it.

Excellent phone. works well in the US too.  I have been using it with Simplemobile services with no issues.  Highly recommend for prepaid services.

The phone will not read any sim card. I've had several new sim cards inserted and the phone made one call then continuously gave me an error message saying sim card could not be read. Talked to AT&T and Samsung and both say that because its foreign they cannot troubleshoot it or warranty it. AT&T pulled up the IMEI and it's coming up as a blackberry and couldn't even give me a data plan. I'm returning this item today and will wait for my refund. Let's see when that happens.

I am still getting to know my phone as i only had it for 10 days, but so far, so good.

My wife wanted a smart phone for the great camera and better text messaging options, and we looked at dozens of phones before we selected the Galaxy S II.  What we didn't realize, however, was that Samsung made this with two different processors.  The much more common chip was a Samsung Exynos processor called the I9100.  The phone that we bought in this auction was the I9100G.  The "G" means that this doesn't use Samsung's Exynos chipset, but instead uses a one made by Texas Instruments.  The phones are otherwise identical, but the performance on the I9100 is slightly better.  More importantly, the I9100 is the "real" Galaxy S II.  It's the one that sold in much higher volume, so when Samsung says they're releasing an update for the Galaxy S II, they're talking about the i9100.  Eventually, the same fix trickles down to the I9100G, but it takes a while.  Case and point: the Galaxy S II started to receive the update to Android 4.0.3 (ice cream sandwich) back in late February or early March.  The I9100G didn't start rolling out ICS until May 30th.My wife doesn't care about ICS at all, so this didn't effect her user experience at all.  But I was disappointed because we didn't know this going in.  Fortunately, ICS has finally come out, and we were able to install it by connecting the phone to Kies (no flashing of roms with Odin needed!), and the phone is now a lot snappier and responsive than it was when we first bought it.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to someone who's looking for a thin, powerful phone with a great camera.  But if you're a power user who's going to want to flash custom roms, you should avoid the G model.

Mi phone doesn't ra&iacute;ste 3G . continuously loses signal. I feel that i lose My money. I do not if it is necessary software update.

i would like to know if this phone support quality skype video or guide me to one please have to write more words

Would not charge to full capacity for over 12 hours and would not go beyond 50%. When powered, the power drains out immediately.It is a shame to place such in the market. Is it peculiar to this phone? And how can I be compensated for this junk?

The phone is made for european use and has built in receivers that might not see the USA frequencies and hence get 3G data. I bought the phone for my current t-mobile plan and the device DOES NOT see T-mobile 3G! All I get is Edge!bottom line, when you buy an unlocked phone for use here in the US, make sure that it says in the specs for 3G (sometimes called HSDPA or HSPA) that at least one of the frequencies match your carrier's 3G frequencies if you want to use 3G.

The phone is very nice and clean brand new and it, it included everything it needed really like it .. thanks :)

Best phone I have ever had. Lots and Lots of customizing. I have had it for maybe a week now and still works great(keeping my fingers crossed). There are tons of memory. Everything about this phone is amazing. I really cant describe evrything about it because I dont have that kind of time. but nevertheless beautiful phone,excellent features. There are NO down sides. and worth every dime($420.00).  Would definetly recommend to anyone.

I bought this phone for my sister , the 1st problem is I received this phone with the broken battery door. I contacted the seller and then he sent me a replacement battery door. The 2st problem , after 2 weeks I cannot charge this phone even connect to the computer . Bought this phone from the seller Amillio inc . Really disappoint about this product

before i bought this phone i called tmobile and asked them if im going to get 3G speeds . they told me if the phone runs on 850 and 1900 frequency then i should be fine. i checked the specs on this phone and it says that it does run on those frequencies.now that i got the phone it doesnt have 3G. all i get is edge. very slow.one more thing i noticed is that the phone is not as fast/smooth as the galaxy s2 by att&t.; the specs are the same but after using the phone for couple of days i noticed that the phone is a little laggy.all in all good phone. but not for all carriers.personally im going to return the phone. and probably get the fat, ugly, w/ 3g speed tmobile version.

Will this phone works in T-Mobile 4g network and if you have answeer it would be very helpful and also will this phone work in diferent countries.

This product had been so hyped in my senses that I had to get it as soon as I was able to; alas a number of features kind of give me reservations about recommending it. It sure has nothing to do with Amazon, just a Samsung inadequacy. You don't make phones like this with 'zilch' battery life and the bloatware is just so annoying and one can not really find a way remove unwanted factory apps. Otherwise, it would have been a nice purchase.

i cannot stop saying how great this phone is.  excellent!!!  android works smoothly and reliably.  texting and email is amazing.  app availability and function is very reliable.  great camera.  speaker is not as strong as i would have expected but still not bad enough to complain per se. i am enjoying my purchase tremendously.  to me it was worth every cent.  this is a great phone for someone who constantly stays connected through skype, facebook, text, email, phone, twitter, etc.  no frustrations whatsoever.

Everything was ok about the phone and its meeting my expectations.i no longer use my laptop because samsung is so handy

Didn't realize that the phone was only 2 G and in Canada that is so gone by.  So needless to say wouldn't work with my provider so had to sell and purchase 3G or 4G

Short life battery it has to to stay on the charger almost all the time. Should work on fixing the battery issue

Hi,good morningsmy cellphone presents somethings problem, the cellphone always put hot and now the screen doesnt worki wanna know if can i return it or what solution you give me,thanks. i wait you soon answer

I purchased two of these devices as gifts to family members.  I personally had one before and Loved it but the apple remains in me and I switched over to iPhone.My family members are telling me that besides Gmail, the phone is not accepting any other email account setup (such as yahoo) not matter what they tried.Has anyone run into this problem?We really love the phone, but this is a serious issue and we need help!

I received what I expected. I love it, it is easy to operate. It is fast. Camera is good. Very good quality.

signal does not work well and the battery heats up very fastpay crap is so expensive and does not work well

Samsung Galaxy S II SA-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8 MP Camera and GPS support - International Version - Ceramic Whitei was wondering if this phone work for bell canada??

this is SKYROCKET , it's a phone very good. beutiflor. in venezuela work perfet ok.! is better for movistar, no very good wuth movilnet.

This team came defective, your camera and your antenna is not available, the camera does not focus and antenna not grab good signal almost no room for any operator, this team seems to be used and sold as new .. It is used

I got this phone in March of this year (2012), and have regretted so many times over having purchased it. I previously had a Blackberry, which worked great, but became outdated as it was only a 2G level, and couldn't process websites and data well anymore in a 4G market.I had read some reviews on the Samsung Galaxy II, and also had it recommended to me so I purchased it with high hopes. With all the difficulties I initially encountered, I figured it was primarily because the technology was quite different from the Blackberry, and I just wasn't used to it yet. What I SHOULD have done is return the lousy thing straight away.The phone function frequently doesn't work (key pad freezes up, calls are often dropped, voice-mail is inaccessible), which should be the most basic function, one would think. The browser also freezes up, and often the swipe screen just won't open. Also, when trying to type an email or text message, the screen kind of flips around and I have to attempt to find my place again on the message.The original battery didn't last more than 2 - 3 hours, and I took it back to T-Mobile where they switched it out for a different one. I still often have to pull the battery out to reboot the whole thing, and I've grown tired of having to call the support desk for help.I asked the T-Mobile salesperson about the chronic problems with this phone, and she actually said, "Well, it's temperamental, but it's a good phone." If a product is "temperamental", then I would definitely NOT qualify as a good product. No way would I ever recommend this crappy phone to anyone!

This was not an official Samsung product. I verified with Samsung with the IMIE number off  the phone. I was sold a fake. I'm still waiting for my refund!!

Phone came on time, but would not turn on with a fully charged battery. I had to return it. Also the screen is a lot bigger than the galaxy s 1, which made it awkward to hold because I have small hands.

When I shed out $580, the phone plus one day shipping, I expect the product to be top quality. It was fast shipping, but when I opened the box, I realized that it was dusty. Another issue is a small tiny scratch at the back cover, hardly noticable but if I am spending that much for a phone, I expect it to be flawless. I also noticed that the memory card, is not included.This item is a 3/5 stars. Good product, but a small indent scratch for that price is not worth it. I want my $100 back. I will then give it 5/5 stars.

I paid for a new phone but as it turns out, it is a refurbished phone.This phone never worked properly and now does not work at all!!!!The phone is on, but the screen is completely black,I want my money back!!!

The phone arrived within 1 day.I expected a receipt with the phone IMSI number for identification.Very dissapointed from not getting a receipt.wouldn't have ordered if I knew...

Is was very lightweight, pocket side ^^ overall i like it a lot. Is very fast  for  webs n email a lot of games to download that the iphone didnt have that a plus. You can us the gps with out data or wifi that awesome^^

this product comes with charger not working with usa system and the material is very bad and cheap , i wish if I can sell itby half the price

Hola tengo un problema con el telefono, no le sirvio el cargador y los audifonos vino da&ntilde;ada uno de las salidas

This manufactuer sent me a broke phone. The quality of the phone was horrible scratches and the phone was not unlocked the numbers were Korean and I couldnt do anything with the phone and it took over 3 weeks just to receive it. wont buy from CELLH again, or any outside the country

the relation price - quality is awesome, probably the best phone available out there for 250$. my mom loves it,

I got my Galaxy S2 two/three weeks after I ordered it. The phone is amazing, I had a problem with getting the internet part of it at first, seeing as I use Straight Talk for my phone service. But I ordered a Straight Talk SIM card, and did as it said and -TaDa-. I've been using the phone for five months now, and I have not had a single problem yet. An amazing phone! If you can spare the money, go for it!

I give 1 star for this by 90% in good condition and that the back cover does not close completely, also I have problems with the sim card is not recognized.

I'm very disappointed this phone is fake not original Samsung.I brought brand new phone and charger is broken.  I recommend no body buy this fake phone.

We recently purchased this Galaxy SII cellphone. After a few weeks the speaker overheated and then stopped working. My Galaxy SII was stolen and I purchased this as a replacement. It's very similar to the Galaxy SII that was stolen BUT IT'S DIFFERENT. I've had trouble with it almost everyday since I purchased it. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM. I'm sorry I purchased it. Buyer BEWARE of this phone.

This phone does not work like an international versi&oacute;n, the camera does not work good, and it is not new because it is reconstructed.

I got the item for a friend on his birthday and he really liked it.... All he did was talk about the features it had. The item arrived on time and i had no problems with delivery.

I'm not going to dive into all the features of the Samsung Galaxy S2. If you've made it this far, then you've probably already done most of your research. Needless to say, Samsung has emerged as one of the top android smartphone manufactures. I bought this phone 3 months ago as my first android phone after making the switch from a dying iPhone. Overall, I'm satisfied with it but there are a few things that I don't like and I haven't found these mentioned in other reviews so I will mention them here for you:1) First of all, this phone comes packed with Android ICS, however recently it received an update to Android Jellybean although it provides many enhancements, not all of them will be available to the S2.2) The Galaxy line of phones have many features provided by Samsung in addition to those which are available as part of the Android operating system. Unfortunately, many of the Samsung branded programs and features are not very useful. I'd even consider them bloatware as they take up space on the internal memory and can't be deleted from the phone. So consider that despite whatever the advertised size of the phone's internal memory is, you will only have about half of that space available to use.Most importantly - CHEAP CHEAP HORRIBLE CONSTRUCTION3) I love the fact that the phone feels light in my hand. Its smooth, polished and slick. I love that it has a removable battery, something the iPhone didn't have, which makes replacement quick and painless without the need for Samsung customer service to get involved. HOWEVER. Its hard to avoid the fact that this phone is made out of plastic; not even thick impact resistant plastic or carbon or some other non-metal durable material but cheap, almost paper thin plastic. Need proof of this? Look at the back cover which conceals the battery. You could easily snap it in half if you're not careful. For Samsung to create a premium smart phone with tons of bells and whistles...and then produce it in a cheap plastic shell is ridiculous. You have to be extremely careful not to damage your phone and with the construction quality, its VERY easy to do. There are issues of the entire phone flexing or getting slightly twisted over time due to whatever reason whether that's caused by handling or being in your pocket, etc...who knows. This is a major problem that Samsung has failed to address. As I've said, I've only had my phone for 3 months and this has already happened to me. Which leads me to my next point:3) Due to the poor construction, there is a possibility that the digitizer (the panel under the glass screen which enables touch controls) to crack. This can also happen due to poor batter construction. The batteries on these S2 phones tend to get hot and expand, applying pressure to the digitizer/screen. I have seen this already as my screen now has 3 hairline fractures which appeared almost magically. Samsung won't repair these phones because they consider that the screen fractures are due to poor handling of the phones It is not. It is due to poor construction and cheap materials.Before you make your purchase, please be aware of these issues which are not exclusive solely to the Galaxy S2 but to all Samsung devices made of cheap plastic. This includes the Note S2, S3, S4 and others. Since Samsung won't repair my phone, I must consider doing on my own but that voids the warranty...which apparently doesn't cover manufacturing flaws anyway so its a non-issue I suppose. However, its still an expensive fix which I shouldn't have to do 3 months into the life of my new phone. I won't purchase another Samsung phone or device ever again. Instead, I intend to get the new HTC One which is a much better phone to the Galaxy line and is made of a solid block of aluminum.

The cell phone Samsung Galaxy S II SA-I9100 which I bought through Amazon DOES NOT WORK. Our phone technician confirmed that it is not a new phone but reconstructed and it doesn't work (cannot be charged). I lost my money as I have no way of sending it back to the States.Warning: DO NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THIS SOURCE.

I recommend this model to elder-people especially. I bought it for my mom: big digits, vibro when she touches the screen - she feels by her finger when something is happenning. Camera is good and simple in use.If i ever lose or break my iPhone i will definately buy GalaxyS for myself.

To whome it may ever concernThe whole shopping experience at amazon.com was not good at all. The attitude of the people at the company "Transformers & GSM Phones company " that I bought my Samsung galaxy SII, was very bad.When i got my phone it was nice and it was delevired as they said. after opening the package and charging the batteray, I found that the phone was very slow for a new phone especilly when I open:text messages, connect to the Wifi, answer a phone while im doing something else it just hangs up and GPS was crashing all the time.So I read online that the S2 with operating system 3.X something version has almost the same problems.Samsungs website advices consumers to update to the new Icecream sandwich operating system instead  of the old one which was 3.X something.and that update can be done through Samsung application which is called Kies.When i plugged my S2 to kies to update. The Kies gives a message that this system is not recognised by Kies.When i Talked to the Guys on Transformers & GSM Phones company about the problem the guy was very rude and he said that we are not responsible to sell you a phone that can be updated to a new operating system we are only responsible to sell a phone that works. How it works is not their bussiness.So by his statement and his attitude which basically killed the whole expereince of buying from amazon.com. not worth the headache people being rude to me while i paid the full price.regardsHaider Erbelli

The product works perfectly I just did not like it says T-mobile and it was not clear on description at the moment of shopping

I choose 4 stars because its not the ig one I was waiting for, But I liked anyway!Thank you!

Package came on time and in perfect condition.Had the phone for a little over a month now and no problems at ALL.IT does get hot sometimes on the back of the phone but that only happens when you insane gaming. The CPU is just really strong for the size of the phone.Good stuff.Very happy with product

I bougth this phone because I need to be connected every day, but the signal is very poor.When I connected it to ( H, H+ ) finally then I lost the Voice conection.I think that the international version of this phone is not really international version.I think this items is un eurpean version.

No device has ever frustrated me like this one. My wife did not use this phone for two months before the screen started cracking only to realize that the battery was swollen. The phone was not responding to network most of the time. It is not a good phone.

The phone sound did not work and I lost signal entirely for no reason. I arranged to have the phone returned using the Amazon return instructions where I printed the bar codes and the return address and shipped it through Fed Ex. I got confirmation that they received it but I did not hear nor gotten emails on any replacement or  reimbursement of my phone. It's more than a week now and I am very dissapointed!

I am very disappointed with this phone. It looks like a used product. The box is not a retail box from samsung, and it looks very cheap (I attached some pictures). Inside, there is not oem manuals like in a retail product. Battery and charger are labeled samsung, but are not like retail package.Now let's go through the phone. In the back of phone, it has a lot of fingerprints, and the worst it has some scratches around camera (silver cover). I turned on phone and didn't appear first time configuration mode, so I think this is a used phone.Description says that this is international version, so it must be 3G quad band (850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100). It tried T-Mobile and AT&T; SIMs, but 3G didn't work, and tried all configurations (only 2G, only 3G, automatic). You only can get 2G/EDGE.I am going to return this phone and get a refund, it is very disappointed.

Sin comentarios negativos, el articulo lleno mis expectativas y es tal cual se describe en la publicacion. La entrega fue a tiempo. Funciona perfectamente en Venezuela con Movilnet, solo se introduce el chip y listo!

I have been using android phones for the last year and I've gone through about 4 of them. Why? because every single one has developed some kind of a unbelievably annoying error. For example my current gs2 developed a problem where it gives me a warning every few seconds stating that "voltage is too high, remove from charger" with a loud beeping noise that interrupts anything I'm doing on the phone. It also drains the entire battery of the phone within 4 hours. I never connected my phone to a faulty port, I never got the phone wet but this problem persists. I've done research into these problems and they apparently have a chance of randomly happening to your phone. The gs2 also has major problems with its touch screen. The screen randomly wont recognize my touches in certain parts of the screen as well as the 4 touch buttons on the bottom of the phone. I don't believe paying so much for a phone that's supposed to be top of the line when it's likely to do stuff like this.every droid based phone I've had develops some sort of error and i'm tired of it. I never thought I would succumb to the Iphone, but at least the phone can perform basic functions without error

It was delivered on time, as offered. The phone came well packed. Still trying to getting used to it as I have been using BB phones for 5 years. I think it's a good comfortable cell phone for its price. I do recommend it and the seller.

I chose this samsung galaxy that is comfortable and have good price.I like it so cheap and easy to use.recommend anyone to buy an equal, not regret

I purchased this phone in February for almost twice of what it is listed today. The four main issues for me:1. Data speedI am a T-Mobile customer and like many others I only realized after the purchase that I would not get anything faster than Edge with this phone. There has been talk about AT&T; handing over some of its 1900 MHz frequencies to T-Mobile as restitution for the failed merger, but there is no timeline.Clearly my fault, and because I did not do my research, I was willing to live with the data speed restriction, though. I am not a heavy data user and the phone works fine for email and the occasional Google Maps navigation job.2. Spotty GPSI used the phone to track my runs and found myself walking up and the down the street for 10 minutes until I got a GPS fix. When I analyzed the track, it added as much as 1/2 a mile to the distance and had me run in circles along the way. So I got a Garmin Forerunner instead.3. Short battery lifeThe battery life is the worst I have seen (it does not last a work day - dies around 5pm), and it seems to change with every Android update which makes it more unpredictable. I have three spare batteries now and juggling them and making sure they are charged is a major hassle.4. CameraOne of the reasons I bought this phone was the great reviews of the camera. I think it stinks. It does not even come close to the iPhone. Photos taken outdoor in bright sunlight are ok, but  anything less than perfect light conditions results in grainy and underexposed pictures.With these issues, it is time to replace the phone after only 9 months. I cannot recommend the Galaxy S II SA-I9100.11/28 Update: I added 2 points. I just recently discovered that I am now getting HSPA+ service in certain areas. See my uploaded screen shot for proof. It looks like T-Mobile is rolling out 1900MHz coverage in Boston.

I have had mine 4 about five months now. I never put a case on it or anything and even though I dropped it alot it still works really well. The battery only seems to last about four hours if play on it alot and listen 2 music.Pretty design too.

the app for magic jack does not want to work. only reason to purchase the phone was for the use of the app, so disappointed

The device is awesome. Can't help touching it all the time. The screen works perfectly as does everything else! There are two different ways of charging it - the plug for sockets is included.

I received the phone before and It has been working perfectly. No problem with 4G connection it work just right. Also it was unlocked as it was published. Everithing the seller promise in the publication was true. Im really happy with the phone, im enjoing it and loving it!!!

I bought this phone to use in Venezuela. With my line Movilnet not work even when the phone is supposedly unlocked. I bought a Movistar line and it turns out that the phone does not work. No sign up and does not register the network. I took it to technical service and they informed me that the phone is refurbished with parts that do not belong to that phone. I can not use and can not return, much less sell it because no one will buy a damaged phone.I think this was a fraud!!!!!I demand my money be returned because this phone just go straight away because I can not use it.I hope to get a response from Amazon.Best regards,Claudia Alvarez

Muy buen producto, Funciona perfecto con Movilnet y Movistar Venezuela, llego a tiempo. excelente vendedor lo recomiendo. el celular es excelente.

I GOT MINE WAS A REFURBISHED UNIT NOT WORKING I TRY TO FIX IT ON MY COUNTRY THE MOTHERBOARD SHOWS CABLES REFURBISHED ALL ARROUND

This is one of the best phones I have ever had. I consider it as good as an Iphone, or even better.

the first month was ok, all was functionally but after the time like 2 or 3 months the wifi stop working, the battery is bad it doesn't work at all, and the software something its wrong. i had to sell this phone, to buy a new one (SAMSUNG GALAXY SIII) Best phone in the market i have to say

I got the black one and ordered this for my girlfriend but now I am jealous because this one is so beautiful :) It came with the latest firmwire upgrades which was really nice. And I am not even gonna talk about the performance specifications as it is a GALAXY S2 ! I recommend white one to everyone !

I bought it for a birthday gift, is not four bands. Does not work for TIGO Paraguay.TIGO Paraguay is GSM network and they give GSM, GPRS and EDGE at 850 MHzBut unfortunately this phone can not connect to Tigo network.I take this cell to Tigo customer care, and they express that unit is not compatible with TIGO network.I'm very dessapointedI Request refund of my money

Galaxy i9100 but it wasn't UNLOCKED the phone doesn't work with the NETWORK DIGICEL or LIME those are local Companies in the CAYMAN ISLANDS.TO UNLOCK this phone I have to pay to a local company who fix and do the support in cellphones the cost to unlock is $USD 58.33seller send me and LG wall phone charger in a Galaxy???? thats new for me and them he reply in an e-mail to me:  SELLER SAY:  you must change the settings to gsm only , in the settings . lg makes chargers for SamsungInternational Version?Unlocked Phone?This Seller was making conversation truth email like to wrote a book and did not give any solution.Its giving me a negative experience buying online.

Loving my new phone. My friends love it too...the screen is nice and bright and it works quickly. Four stars only because of the short battery life...and sometimes the back button is slow to respond.

I have purchased a new one, but this phone get stuck after 2 months. And the seller Universal GSM Mobile disappeared.

I read through most of the reviews and still had a few questions about this phone so I will try to answer those questions here in case someone else has the same. I currently own a Galaxy 2 T989 in which I have had for 24 months this month. I love my phone and it has held up very well in fact it still looks brand new. I needed to purchase 3 phones as I pay for my nieces and nephew's phone plans. I purchased the phones from "DEAL GRABBER" and I would rate this company 5 stars as on their profile at the bottom they have a phone number and I have called them 3 times on different days and someone has always answered with excellent customer service.1. The phones sent from them were brand new in excellent condition, shipped fed ex with signature upon receipt.2. No one could answer my questions regarding the GT vs SA version (white or black phone option) on Amazon. Ultimately, Deal Grabber believes it is a typo in the listing as each listing can carry multiple sellers. Once I received the phones, the SA white phones had a GT manuel inside so I have concluded that it is in fact a typo on the listing and both phones are GT (the white version lists SA and the Black version lists GT)3. It does not get 3g or 4g with TMobile (but it works with TMobile in every other regard) I spent an hour on the phone with TMobile trouble shooting and this particular model does not work with their signals. Deal Grabber is figuring this out as well, and they stated they are going to try to make a notation on the listing. The phones are suppose to be able to pick up 3g and 4g anywhere in the world but according to the way they are programed with the TMobile code, it only picks up 2g with TMobile. TMobile confirmed that the phone is an interntional phone made by Samsung but it all has to do with the code inside the phone's program (I honestly do not understand much beyond that).4. This phone is fully unlocked. I took my SIM card out of my current phone and was able to make calls, receives emails etc (on the TMobile network). I could not obtain a signal greater than 2g or also read as E.Conclusion, the phone itself is beautiful (I highly doubt in any way it is a knock off as previously stated in another review) but I had to return all 3 because of the 4g issue. Deal Grabber made the return extremely easy and sent me a return label. I highly recommend them and only recommend the phone if you are not with TMobile.

i have used a lot of phones..and this one is the best by so far. This very fast and seems like unscratchable......great design. And the oem shop was very efficient, i bought there this phone and the galaxy ace one....

well, recently i went to sprint to replace a damaged screen (too much zagg liquid) and the manager told me that if the phone is not been used with sprint (activated) they cannot fix anything because it is a policy and sprint does not make any money, everybody knows that is a money sucker company not thinking on people not even if u do business with them, (i use to pay to sprint from 90 to 110 dollar a month for 8 years!, sometimes even my bill was " 300 and something " but no more thanks to other companies, unfortunately this is the only country with such a convenience for price and choice...I have to order at amazon a super amoled screen(100 dls)and do it myself in order to repair the phone, i hope this help someone, the same problem can happen with other companies due to no profit to the main company.You should get warranty directly from samsung or contact them for any warranty issue before u buy.

Phone itself is useful, just don't expect it to last a year. 2 have died on me and Samsung's warranty is useless. You have to mail your phone in, they delete your data and give no indication on when they will return it.

I bought this phone my wife and she loves it. Browsing is very simple with it. she does all her e-bayand other shopping using the phone.

I read reviews here before I bought this phone and I was really worried that it might be locked (once you upgrade the OS). However, I didn't have any problems at all. I upgraded to the jellybean and so far so good. I think it depends on what version of the OS you get. But the phone is exactly as described. I was also able to use my old sim card (from a go phone) so that was perfect.  The white color is beautiful and it is a really light device. The battery can survive up to 2-3 days if you don't use the wi-fi too much. But I charge it every night, just to avoid being unpleasantly surprised. The jellybean is super fast. My ipod touch that runs on the version prior to the latest one now feels like a turtle - the contrast in speed between the two is stunning! Overall, I am really happy with this phone and really happy I managed to successfully upgrade it without locking. I received it within a week of placing the order.

I bought this phone from Amazon last month and i'm in love with it.. I knew about S2 before so i bought it bravely without warranty.. The bad thing is we dont get a headset, CD or a memory card along with the phone which a normal package does.. U cant register this phone in the US website with its IMEI.. Dont know why.. But who needs that??? This seller is good as far as this phone is concerned.. Must buy but for the cost they could've given all the accesories.. But it HAS ONLY CHARGER AND A PHONE. NOTHING ELSE. Phone rocks but the battery life seems not to be ok with using all the internet stuff..

Good day.I am a loyal buyer of amazon and I have been cheated. The phone has two different serial, one in the case and one in the software. That shame through the telephone company Movistar here in Venezuela. The phone is locked. Only worked a month in Venezuela and is now locked. The IMEI code is reported stolen. The serial of the case is not the same as the computer on sotfware. Immediately request the total and absolute refund my money. Otherwise sue you for fraud.

although the phone seems  like a great phone. I've had it a month and already am having problems with it charging and staying charged. and now im sitting here with a phone that doesnt come on. 240 plus dollars for a non working phone and i dont know who to call so right now im hating it. help

this is my first time on line shopping in the US.the product is very good.thanks only the cellphone is little hot when charging.and i don't know why?

Got phone as a gift for someone and they are not satisfied with it due to durability of phone.. It's a flimsy plastic and verizon will not transfer it for her and plus it's didn't come with SIM card for activation

Battery only allows to use the phone a day (maximum).Display turns off. I have to plug the phone to active it again.Radio does not work.It does not have international guarantee.

Awesome phone, so stylish. I love the voice command and it's very useful. The design is sleek and  the display is crisp and clear.

The phone is so friendly so she (my wife) looks like a teenager (she spent a lot of time in it). I've downloaded many apps, taking advantages of its fast and powerful OS. Fast navigation, brilliant display, great pics, perfect size, good looking, etc. I'm not an expert so you can find more useful thecnical reviews with other users or sites. Thanks.

Got this for my son.  It took him a day to update the operating system.  He loves the phone but what he had to go through to get it updated would fill a book....

I love this phone and would like to buy it but does it have a mini sim slot? If so, can it work with any mini sim for  example Digicel?

Right out of the box, I have had problems with this phone. The battery was defective so I had to return it for a new one. When I got the new one I dropped 25% of my calls, which my Iphone was almost never. The antenna is very weak and often times I have zero bars and when the bars finally do return I have missed texts, calls, and voicemails. I ended up taking the phone back. HAs anyone else had the same problems?

Overheating in the upper left corner near the front camera. And the phone will turn off after about ten hours in stand by mode and turn off in four hours if a call last about ten minutes. I bought it for my daughter, my daughter use it for a while. She said to me the phone is very hot and even can hurt her hand.As I had brought it to my daughter, if the phone was found problems earlier I will certainly return it. I had used several phones,Moto E6, Moto ME525, Moto razar, HTC 3D G17, they all behaved well. This phone is the worst phone I had bought! Do not like and hate it.

This is my first smartphone, and I did a LOT of research before buying this phone. As everyone said, it is so smart, and I use it for so many things now.I use T-Mobile. Yes, this phone doesn't support 3G or 4G, but it doesn't matter to me as I live and work in many places with Wi-Fi. This also means that I don't have a data plan with T-Mobile, and it saves me a lot of money. I just transferred my old SIM card from my old phone to this one, using the same plan. I think that this only works with T-Mobile (AT&T; will check the IMEI number and charge you), so be careful and do your research before buying!The reason why I gave it 4 stars is because of its low battery life. I have charge it every 2 days. Maybe it's just the case for all smartphones, but I really don't know because I never had one before. This phone is perfect, and would be more than perfect if I didn't have to worry about its battery.

technology is rapidly improving.  It becomes less and less worth it to buy older models that have already been outclassed by newer ones.  This goes especially for the S2 for it's exorbitant price of over $200 after the S3 and S4 has been released.  I personally had many problems with Samsung galaxy types.  I can't speak for this year's models S4, but the S2 and Note 1 have that all to familiar charging port problem.  Hopefully it has been troubleshooted for the newer models for the sake of Samsung's reputation compared to Apple's.  For now, by my S2's dead pixel and column of pixels with discoloration within the first month I got the phone, I have to say that Apple's older(than S2) model of the iphone far outclasses the S2 in terms of at least anything to do with the battery and the make of the display. I also hate this phone's OS.  You can change it yourself, but the one that comes with the phone is not incredibly intuitive, it's cumbersome.  I hate being forced to search for something, and in this case, I had to find a way to close all active applications.  Then I have to close all active applications every time I use the app because I don't want the open app to supposedly drain battery life.  Next problem lies in the downloading for apps which can be synonymous to torrenting in that you do not know what else you are downloading.  I found a couple of unrelated pictures I do not ever remember print screening or downloading that appeared in my S2 gallery.  I used another app to find the problem app I previously downloaded.  After uninstalling that app which I had to do from the play store, my gallery stopped gathering useless pictures.  On the iphone, closing an application and deleting an app is much more intuitive, just pressed the home button and  put your finger on the app and press the x respectively.  I also had a problem with connecting the S2 to the computer.  It is not intuitive in that you had to go into settings to connect to the computer.  For me specifically, the entire connection to the computer failed on me despite the phone's still existing ability to charge with correct ports.  I used multiple USBs just in case the one I had was faulty.On the Up sidethe plastic is more durable than glass.You can open up a galaxy S2 and replace memory and battery, it's harder on iphone circa 2011(I've opened it up to the glass).You can use the galaxy s2 as a portable USB in which you can actually open up pdfs and files if applications exist for it and files can be take out from files on your laptop. I know you can also back things up using google accounts and similar, but the USB is a point of convenience. The iphone I had could transfer files via Google accounts, but you couldn't/ it was harder to find specific files so much so that you couldn't use it as a USB.  At the time it connected directly to itunes through which I couldn't find pdfs or docs.I'm comparing 2011 model iphone and S2.

Funciona perfectamente con Movistar en Venezuela. Fue una excelente adquisici&oacute;n, y el env&iacute;o fue rapid&iacute;simo. I got the package earlier than expected.

Overall quality: Great (5 out of 5)Display: clear, crisp, quick - (5 out of 5)Performance: quick and solid - (5 out of 5)Phone Performance: Clear and crisp voice (5 out of 5)Phone Reception: good (3 out of 5)Battery Performance: Very good (4 out of 5)I got the T989 as well but wanted another for our family. The T989 works better with T-Mobile than this International version. Tried it on other carriers and it performs well overall but phone reception is so so - drops calls sometimes or else you get that &#34;hello can you hear me&#34; type thing. Annoying. If this was the T989 - I would give it 5 out of 5 stars. Stick to the one your carrier provides. I got this because we also go overseas. Haven't yet tried it oversea's yet.Battery performance - well this is very tricky as everyone uses it differently. But our phones need to be charged nightly at the very least. Mine can last 2-3 days without charging - about 1-2 hours of continuous talking and maybe about 15min of some puzzle game.

Excellent purchase. I'm satisfied with the product, what I expected ... I like my phone ... is smaller than the Galaxy S3 and is still very useful and cheaper...

Does this phone have Chinese language on? I really want this phone. So I waned make sure have Chinese language on it,

The phone's great to look at, good to hold, and amazing to work with. Update to Jelly Bean when you receive it: this makes the UI much more aesthetic, and the programs run better as well. Lightning fast for the most part, the S2 seems to have given me complete value for my money. The product arrived on time, as described.

This phone is perfect for my needs.  I know since I've purchased it a lot more phones have come out including the galaxy S4 however for my needs it's more than perfect.  My only complaint as reference above is battery life.  However unlike Apple, the battery can be changed and hopefully upgraded.

I have chosen this rate as I think of the product is excellent and the service and delivery as well so I dont have any complain about it.I am very happy to got it.

wi fi problems do not charge and is total diferent from the s2 original do not buy it had a bad experience with it

It's the first time I purchase a smart phone at Amazon. Fast delivery and great package.And the most important ... the brilliant phone. It is light and comfortable to use. I have tried download some apps and it acts quickly.That's a good product. I'll recommend it to my friends.

The product definitely looks fab. But any technical issue with it, you would never ever be able to repair it, even if you are ready to shell out money. Amazon takes no responsibility and Samsung says the product is a European product to be sold in the Europe alone. I have experienced it myself! The product has failed and nobody helped me to fix it despite repetitive calls and e mails to Amazon and Samsung. I got the product last year. There is no solution to it. More than with the product, the experience has come in the way of my confidence about Amazon. Why do they sell products which cannot be serviced?

i got it on time, it met all my expectations. the only thing that bothers me is that battery life is too short.

The product is great.the shape is perfect.is fast and have many functions.the camera has a great image.

This product arrived by UPS to open my locker in Miami.That safety is your shop for this type of case?

Here is my own review of Galaxy phones and it is created to be mostly educational and to help others avoid the frustration after getting one. Basically all or most Galaxy phones you see on amazon are counterfeit or as some lame non-English speaking reviewers call them 'fake'. They are manufactured in Asia. Not Japan nor Korea. They come unlocked but they are knock-offs.So how do you get a good genuine functional Galaxy. There are 2 options only: Either directly from Amazon or from your cell provider T-Mob, ATT, Verizon etc. Sprint often sells garbage. Now there is one extra option if you don't mind acquiring a used phone. You buy it on amazon from a private party pre-owned but originally purchased from the cell provider .Don't go on ebay. ebay is a huge gabage dumpster and from my own experience all you are ever gonna get on ebay is.... yes, garbage. So, stay away from used ebay phones. There are other online retailers selling Galaxys (not the Universe, the phone) but again it's a risky business as even they don't know it's a counterfeit.Samsung Galaxy has become so overwhelmingly popular that nothing will stop counterfeiters to make and distribute them.And ... my last advice: don't buy phones that are claimed to be unlocked. There is a 90% chance it's a counterfeit! Same applies to those that are claimed International. They are international for one reason.

buy it thinking it would come unlocked, and is not. only comes to movistar. also the battery does not last anything, this sucks. not recommend

Nice phone... Excellent price... Light weight and great screen display.. It works fine with Digitel and Movistar Venezuela. The delivery was on time.. I love my new phone..

Bought this item for my uncle, since she had it on hands the phone couldn't get any signal, also it was a huge headache to figure out the IMEI was a generic 0049 one. I took it to Samsung Warranty in my country and guess what? It isn't an original Samsung Device, this is a copy of the Samsung Galaxy S2 and I have to return it now. I need to pay for return postage costs so it seems it will costs at least like purchasing a new one phone (since I'm in Venezuela and sending it back is really expensive).Now I have to choose between paying 100$ to return it and 180$ for sending me a new one, having the risk of getting the same copy phone OR paying 84$ and change it IMEI and see if it will works, still having this copy.Do not trust this seller.

After several hours phone shuts off mysteriously. Keeps occurring, rendering it unusable. Contact samsung USA they say it is Samsung UK even though I purchased it in US. Having trouble contacting Samsung UK. I see on threads that other people are having this mysterious issue. Frustrated. Do I return phone? Try to get it fixed myself? Out of the  country presently and really need a phone so in a quandary.

this phone is amazing. fast, full of features and the white color scheme just makes it look oh so sexy. coming from a blackberry this phone just blew me away. satisfaction guaranteed buy.

It is very light, great design. Easy to handle and works great with Metro PCS network. On the bad size is the glitches on the hardware. But I was able to fix it.

The phone came in a Galaxy II box but ATT store could not make it see any telephone networks and they said it was a knockoff.  The phone thickness, bezel, etc. were not the correct for Samsung Galaxy profile.Bottom line it would not work, and I returned it.  PCD has said they will refund in full, but I don't have the credit yet.

I bought this phone from Amazon, on this page, but it came from an Amazon affiliate / third party.  The model came as described, it powered up and worked immediately.  Within a week, however, the screen cracked in multiple places, leaking the LCD liquid inside, making the phone unusable.  It didn't crack because I dropped it or abused it.  It cracked because I had it in my pocket for an hour.  And I wasn't playing rugby or anything while it was in my pocket.  I was simply sitting in my car.  I made a phone call, all was fine, put the phone in my pocket, got in my car, an hour later, took the phone out of my pocket, and the screen was cracked and unusable.  I can't return the phone because I no longer have the original packaging.  So now I'm stuck with a $300 coaster.  Just beware.  If you do buy this phone, save the packaging, and preferably, try to find one with a warranty.  If this was an actual, genuine Samsung product, then I'm alarmed at the poor quality.  I thought Samsung was better than this.  However, given how easily it cracked, I suspect that this may have been a counterfeit or a used phone being sold as new, having been rebuilt with a non-Samsung screen.  Just speculating there.  If this was counterfeit or used being sold as new, that's even more worrisome.

Is a beautiful phone, very fast, great great, i like it to much, samsung is the best company movil telephone.

My phone had a factory defect and I returned it now we will see what it is going on with the new one.

it is ok...sometimes it doesn't work too good..i think i paid too much for it..otherwise it's ok...one day it went black out n sometimes it hungs up.......battery life is not good...overall it's just ok

I love this phone! Looooove! I had the Iphone 3Gs before and it doesn't even compare and I know it would be better to compare it with the 4G but I mean issues that were not necessarily seen as problems. For me I had a problem with not being able to include words that I missed out in sentences and now I can with my Galaxy. Plus I always found that iTunes sucked now I can even use "doubleTwist" and include songs that I want from Youtube. You have to pay for what's app on Apple not with your android in other words Awesommme!

Telefono totalmente nuevo,con todos sus accesorios, en perfectas condiciones, trabaja bien con Movistar, aqui en Venezuela, lo recomiendo.El producto llego en el tiempo ofrecido por el vendedor.

There is no word to describe Galaxy S2. It probably is the greatest phone human beings built so far. And it looks soooo good in white but remember to buy a fashinable case with it.

Well, This product is very recognized for every one, when I started it up it was on russian language, that's weird

I chose a 4 because the phone is so light that it feels like your holding air and the quality of the camera is poor but everything else is great

Bello telefono, es realmente una joya.Beautiful phone looks like a jewel! Really slim, really really fast! the must colorfull screen, Super Amoled Plust just Roks \m/

The battery is bad, it can be only used for no more than one day if you use the data to surf on the website. In addition, mine was just broken some days ago, it couldn't be opened, and the open page was always appearing again and again. In one word, I'm very disappointed with this product. :(

Receive a GT-I9100G (International version) After more than six months of diary and usually intensive use (browsing, video and picturing) besides music and radio listening and social network updating the phone is running flawless. Never had been frozen or hang out. Upgraded up to 4.0.4 Android OS or app without problems. Works 3G and HDPSA in movilnet, movistar and digitel carriers at Venezuela. Works better from its last OS upgraded and tune up for extend battery life that was short with inicial OS and default configuration. Hope more improvements  with next jelly bean upgraded. Full of free app ands customize possibilities. I RECOMMENDED IT WIDELY

* is a cell phone repowered and sell it as new* not receive or make calls* itself off* overheats* oxidized inner plate

It's really factory sealed BOX with all the original accessories...knowing what i am talking about [ OEM ]. It has been almost 3 months ago we had it, but no problema.I would like to testify that this is a great phone...I love it.I recommend this phone to everyone who want an OEM phone (original sealed phone)whith the original accessories inclosed.

Had the right frequencies for over seas. Sent it to a relative and she seems to like it just fine.

VERY VERY POOR THE WI FI SIGNAL. I HAVE ANOTHER SII AND THE DIFFERENCE IN THE SIGNAL IS TO MUCH.

I don't like the phone , it 's to weak and locks like empty inside I need to retun it

I got this cellphone through the Amazon site and after two months it malfunctioned. The unit began to get very hot and the screen just does not turn on anymore. I live in So Paulo/Brazil and was not able to find any service assistance to fix the cell phone. I contacted the seller Onestopbuymart and was requested to return the cellphone in order to them check it what happened.The phone was under warranty and the seller just received and said to me back he would not do anything because the machine was in trouble, but it is obvious that is the problem since I haven't another reason for returning to the store I bought? I really wish the store would give me a solution to this issue.

Everything worked perferct for seven months, then something went wrong with the IMEI and never worked again as a phone. Everything else is working ok.

I do return that product the same day I received because I didn't like it for no reason. it doesn't fit my expectation and return it and purchase the next week the galaxy s3 one

I purchased the white version, it'so nice, light and easy to use. With a skin cover it's a much more safe feeling to hold it, since it's so thin. I purchased the international version unlocked, and it works perfectly in Uruguay, where I'm from. Greate camera, quick connection to internet, no drawbacks until now (it's 30 days since I have it).Abe-123 is a great seller!

This cel it's incredible!I was in doubt between Galaxy S2 or Iphone 4S and I know that I did the right choice!This cel is faster, modern and comes with android!"Be a leader, not a follower"

Couldn't ask for a better phone, works great in Israel, we only had to install Hebrew, the camera is great, the phone looks beautiful in white, and we didn't get the G version.

Samsung Galaxy S2, unlocked, with the Exynos processor is a joy to own. The Samsung chip(comes only with the international version) on the phone has a better Graphics Processor, and I definitely enjoy the smooth screen graphics on it. The screen is really good and has great vibrant colorful output. Overall the white international phone with the silver lining around the edges has a premium feel to it. Getting a year old S2 unlocked is definitely a good decision made by me.Typing on the phone using the swype technology is really easy. As for the voice recognition software on the phone, it beats the competition out there hands-down. The voice recognition is pretty good at understanding foreign accents apart from just the British and the American accents, this I find really amazing. Good voice training has been done by the software company in this area.If your technically adept you can get a lot out of this phone. It delivers a lot. Even if a person is not too technical he can easily use this phone.There is just 1 gripe I have about the phone, in that the alarm system on the phone is easy to turn off, so if I accidentally hit off instead of snooze, that can cause some issues. I am sure there is a better free app out there in the android store that I can use.The phone comes with a built in radio, an amazing camera, and good maps. I can also use this phone anywhere in the world for maps, as it has google support for maps. I found a voice activated nav app that is also interesting.So on the whole this phone is highly satisfactory, the only reason i would move on to a better phone, is if they can bring out holographic smart phone interfaces, till then I do not see any need for me to upgrade my S2.

If you buy this type of phone, the international one, it only has the languages English, French and some kind of arabic or chinese languages that I don't understand. There is NO POSSIBLE WAY to get your language on this phone. It never said so anywhere, if not I would have never bought it. I can't use predicitve text when I'm writing in my own language which I find very annoying. Furthermore, sometimes when you press the home button, the samsung voice command comes up. This is very very annoying and again there is no possible way to get rid of it. Samsung has a lot of standard apps which take up a lot of memory and aren't all useful or convenient.

Enviaron copia China que no se conecta con Movilnet, no tiene para espandir menoria y solo tiene 2 GB de memoria y no se puede expandir.ademas no trajo cable de datos caja del telefono ni el manual del propietario.es una estafaChina sent copy that does not connect with Movilnet espandir not have to Ciutadella and only has 2 GB of memory and can not expand.also brought no data cable or phone box owner's manual.is a scam

This telephone, contrary to what I believed, was a refurbished product. It arrived with its back cover broken, it could not even be attached to the telephone properly without it constantly falling off. In addition, the phone went completely dead in a half an hour after a full charge. I am extremely upset and I am waiting to hear from the seller how they intend to compensate me once I ship the product back to them, beyond a full refund. Ordering this phone cost me time and money, I ordered additional accessories for it that I now cannot use. I also went ahead and paid for a new monthly service with a provider that I cannot use and I have been exposed to all kinds of incovenience and annoyance regarding my attempt to get a full refund on this product.

i forget to give a review for this phone and i was give it to my brother but when i use it i like it .

very good phone. encnata me this phone, change it as the former was all by presenting many flaws, had a blackberry before, astante update and stay well thank you very much, I love to buy for here on amazon

the phone is rebuilt! load does not grab your original power charger, usb cable only by grasping laptop is only a percentage of battery that lasts very poco.no serves, ie is not covered with any telephone line, the micro sd card is made backwards, the connectors on the battery charge came sulfated. delete all the applications that you download it and always says this memory ful even when no applications! buying the product is a scam. I have made many purchases from amazon and all have been successful and I felt happy, but with this phone purchases NO

todo bien, excelente y r&aacute;pido servicio. el equipo no ha presentado ning&uacute;n inconveniente. todo muy muy bien. gracias a todos

I order the case to my sun new cell. It look very nice. The phone get in to the case but you can use it because the holes not big or in the other side.

This is my first smartphone and I'm completely happy with it, I loved all his speed and ability with all applications. It is very complete and has met all my needs better than I thought.

First I must point out that it is not packed very well and safe for delivery. There is no air bags or anything else to protect the cell phone. The phone is good enough but if you are looking for a 3G or 4G phone, it is not for you. And less than one week since I began to use it, there seems to be something wrong with the camera, which could get the phone frozen. Except for this, it works excellently.

Equipment you buy in Florida state, even in whole USA should have Spanish as one of the most important language to choose, not chinese, not korean, not arab, not French. Equipment require special technician to set up and not easy to insert chip and start using, some times only signal if Wifi available, on areas with no Wifi, the telephone becomes useless. Main complain not SPANISH pre install. Should be advise on advertisement, on what preference for languages.

El Tel&eacute;fono es muy bueno en todos los aspectos menos la bater&iacute;a que dura muy poco. Funcion&oacute; Excelente con Movistar y Movilnet en Venezuela.

a very good phone, full, thin, practical, I do not see problems I like the team as a whole and of course I would recommend.

PURCHASE THIS RESULTED ME A FRAUD, BECAUSE HE COULD NOT USE THE PHONE THAT IS MOTIVATED TO SIGN IN MY COUNTRY (VENEZUELA), EVEN WHEN I MAKE SURE TO BUY A PHONE UNLOCKED AND INTERNATIONAL VERSION, REALLY THAT DECEPTION, NOT AS DO TO REQUEST WARRANTY, I FEEL cheated by THIS SELLER SENT ME AND NOT WHAT I ASKED, DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE ORDERING THEM, IS A TOTAL FRAUD, AND HOPE THAT aFTER READING THIS QUALIFICATION COMMUNICATE WITH ME TO SOLVE THE MATTER wOULD BE VERY SHAMEFUL TO TRAVEL TO CLAIM IN PERSON. THANKS

Bought this phone a couple weeks ago from amazon.com and had it Shipped to Trinidad. Got exactly what I ordered works extreamly well and the features are amazing. Had an iphone3g followed by a Blackberry curve 9300 and this far surpasses the abilities and tech of those. Its sleek, very neat and has a great camera and multimedia function. The only thing i would recommend over this phone is the Samsung galaxy NOTE.

Fantastic product, easy to use and with excellent performance. The human engineering is very good. The display offers excellent contrast and resolution. Using Android is a blessing. Unfortunately this cell phone is a bit too expensive and we should expect a cost cut off of at least 30% within few months.

I'm not going to get into too much detail here. I had the AT&T; Galaxy S II and upgraded, yeah, UPGRADED to this one. The AT&T; models have carrier locks. Not just sim locks (which can be easy to unlock), but CARRIER LOCKS, so even if you get your AT&T; model unlocked you'll still have issues changing carriers since ATT locks the manual network selection in their ROM.Anyhow, this phone rocks, it's powerful and sexi. The phone is totally white, which I love!

Purchased this phone in November of 2011 as a replacement for my Apple iPhone 4.  the difference in display quality and speed is striking, although this is not exactly a fair comparison since the Apple iPhone is an older product. All in all it is very refreshing to work  with an operating system that does not restrict you the same way Apple's IOS does.Samsung created a great phone that works amazingly fast, it would have been nice if they had left the bloatware off the international unlocked version. I ended up fixing this by routing the phone and installing a custom version of ice cream sandwich on it.The phone itself is a very decent quality, it does have a striking flaw in the casing though. The chrome bezel around the casing  is of reality low quality plastic. As a result, the  "chrome" just chips off very quickly. The plastic is obviously just painted and not chrome color and underneath its black, so this will become unsightly very fast. I have even had this issue when using a protective sleeve. The quality is so bad that regardless the paint will start chipping off. the rest of the casing is actually pretty scratch resistant and well done so one would wonder why Samsung would choose such poor material on the bezel of a $500 phone.Do a search on eBay or here on Amazon for used Samsung G2's in white and you will surely see that this is a widespread problem. If you can live with the cosmetic flaws, this is a great phone.

Of all the phones I've used or tried out -including iPhone 4s- this is hands down the best of the lot.  I have become a fan of Android operating systems after using extensively both an Android tablet and an iPad 2.  On the average, at least for my purposes, Android provides excellent apps for a wide variety of needs at very reasonable prices.  In fact, many of the best ones are actually free.  Aside from this advantage, which might be attributable to my personal preferences or necessities, the Galaxy S II is an incredibly well designed phone, very, VERY light, with a superb screen and a camera that rivals much bulkier point and shoot dedicated cameras.  It is incredibly easy to use -very intuitive controls.  Sound is crisp and reception is excellent. The phone is very thin and extremely light weight, as pointed out before, but by virtue of its oversized screen it is on the very edge of being uncomfortable to carry in ordinary pockets.  However, this slight inconvenience is more than compensated by the advantages provided by the very large display, which has also great resolution, vibrant colors and usability even under direct sunlight.  On the down side -and this is the only reason I knocked off one star- the battery life leaves much to be desired.  If you are a heavy user, you'll be lucky to get one ordinary day's use per charge.  Perhaps this is unfair, since probably all modern smartphones cannot possibly compete on this score with the likes of the Nokia 5800 Xpress.

i think is fake oneevery thing is not working wellbut the problem i have left to different country if i still in usa defiantly i will send it back.

The material is plastic and it's battery is too short. Moreover its back cover is too subtle that I am not dare buy any reserve batteries to change within a day. Sound is ok but from its ear plug sometimes it's make ugly sound ;&lt;. It's speed, color, and camera is nice, but, just from my opinion, Android system is not work smoothly so I may change into some other operation soon.

They sent me a used piece of crap, HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE NOT EVEN UNLOCKED!! Sent this back and bought the same one at a much cheaper price($233) on ebay and it camebrand new and fully functional, dont waste your time im warming you and all cause i didnt listen to the comments

I am writing another review because I believe this company is selling old used and abused phones as new.They advertise a new phone, but they send you a used phone. I say this because they did this to me around June 15 2013.After my complaint you would think that they would stop. However there have been similar complaints sense then. I have found other customer complaints of this type as late as Aug 8 2013. Before buying a phone from KeerKeersWireless, I advise that the potential buy read customer reviews.

This cel phone is great! Works perfectly. The features are great too. The screan is big and has a terrific definition. I loved it!

I just got this phone. So far it fits all my needs. My only complaint about this phone is the construction. The back of the phone looks really fragile. The plastic layer is too thin, i feel like it would break if i drop it once.

Very nice i love it! it does all i wanted and more there is lots you can do with it nice ,  I will suggest it to all friends.

I want to purchase this one from USA as I am leaving soon for India and wanted to know if it will work in India?

Because the product was advertised as &#34;unlocked&#34; and it took me some going around to finally hook two of the three I bought.

If I could give zero stars on this product I would. I've had the phone since February 2012 and it's literally been a nightmare since day one. It overheats so badly that it powers itself off - I spent hours one afternoon at the AT&T store about 6 weeks after getting the phone as they tried to fix the overheating by wiping my phone clean. I'm on my FOURTH battery in 1 1/2 years to try and fix the problem that it will not hold a charge. I literally have to charge it in the car on the way to work, plug it in all day at work, have it plugged in on the way home and all night long. Even then, if it's not plugged in the battery will drain within 2 hours to the point where it's so critically low it shuts itself off. This is even happening when I don't have any windows open or surfing the net. I'm so dismayed by this product I can't even tell you. I'm heading to get an iphone this weekend - shelling out hundreds more dollars since my contract is not up on the Samsung. But I can't even tell you how much I hate this phone so I'm willing to pay the money for a new one.

Best Android Phone Hands Down.....  Sorry it wasn't a 32GB but thats ok I used the 32GB out my crappy Blackberry Bold 9900....

It is awesome. Fast Transaction indeed! Got it as fast as lightning! Thank you so much bro! Hope to deal with you again next time! More power.

Browsing is ok  with all the apps accept battery has to be charged daily. I would probably recommend for people who are much concern about the every day technological manipulation that is going on.

The phone I received is nice itself but unfortunately there were two problems. The back lead doesn't  close properly and back camera has some blurry spots, so when I take pictures they are not clear and nice. I still want to have same phone but exchange it for the proper one

given me problems and stop using it. I just bought a new phone

I have had this phone for 1 1/2 yrs.  At first, I really liked it but then it started doing weird things like menus popping up and down for no reason 3 or 4 times in a row, then it started freezing and I would have to restart it.  This started happening a few weeks after I got the phone.  Kinda irritating but I thought it would be ok as it didn't happen all the time.  Then about 2 weeks ago, this would become more frequent and sometimes the back button would not work.  A little irritating but whatever.  Then my speaker button quit working (DEAL BREAKER!!!)  Now it will not ring at all.  It will vibrate is all so I have had to tell everyone to text me until I get a new phone.  I tried everything:  cold booting, hard booting and taking the battery out and putting it back in 2 or 3 times.  Nothing worked.  I also tried going to my phone settings.  I have always been an android girl but after doing a online chat with samsung, I was done.  She was curteous but worthless.  She said that shouldn't have happened.  No advise on something else to try, no compensation, no nothing.  I have Boost Mobile and they are finally getting some iphones in a couple of weeks (they haven't had them in the past) and I am going to get one as I have several friends who have had the same iphones for 3 or 4 years.  A little pricier, but I guess you get what you paid for but if you decide to get this phone anyway, I hope yours lasts longer that mine did. :)  I am getting the new iphone 5s in silver.

Sorry, at checkout select a wrong address to receive the phone bill, could you send it to me at the same address where I receive the phone?

the phone you sold me is not original is a phone samsung rebuilt in china all components are generic want my money back I cheated in the product description says that the phone is original and NEW! all concerned we should sue

Excellent product im very happy about it.. great performance 2 thumbs up totally recommended, it works all around the world especially work for me because I live in Venezuela and works seamlessly with 3G bands movistar in my country ... android and galaxy the perfect combination better then iphone wayyy better then blackberry And that just got out of a bold 6..

This is a great phone. It allows me to surf the internet, listen to the radio, record video, it takes great pictures. Also, it has 8 megs which is on power with alot of digital cameras. Most of all I like having the ability to add and delete games that work and the ability to increase memory. It has a wide screen and is light weight at the same time. The color and design are also sleek and I was able to find a  case that allow the beauty of the phone to be shown.

Very nice product.. screen is awesomeEasy to use and light to carrycpu is great,slot for sd card...it works with any carrier sim card but It's not factory unlocked,

Had to spend additional $100 a piece to fix that and then buy new rechargers.I was quite disappointed because other wise the telephone itself is great.

Shipping was fast and have no complaints with the seller; however, immediately experienced issues with this phone.  As soon as the screen would go into power save mode, even while listening to voice messages, there was no way to get the screen to come back on.  I would have to pull out the battery and have to reboot the phone.  Also, on all of two calls I made from the phone, the phone spontaneously shut down.  Not something I really wanted to put up with so I returned it and am receiving a full refund.  Sticking with what I know and upgrading from my Galaxy Note 1 to a Note 2.  Never had any issues with that phone.  On another note concerning price, I got this phone for $240, and right before Thanksgiving watched it jump all the way up to almost $500.  What was the deal with that?

very good but i did not get the English manual ...i had German and other languages i'm not familliar with.i found it difficult to set it up...

This is a perfect Phone for me - I had been debating for several months between an iPHONE and S2, I think reading all possible reviews over the NET - I couldnt stop my self buying the S2, it fits my Pocket, Budget and the best of all - It has the amazing WHITE finish -

I recieved the package in time that promise.The phone works great and everything came with it. It unlocked phone and it can work with my simcard just fine. Love it.

my phone came write in time. I ordered this and it came in 3 to 4 day free shipping. Great phone so light, front facing camera and back camera 8mp. If you live in the us they send a UK charge cable, but don't worry they send one of those thingies that transfers uk charge cable into us if you live in USA. Came in a box probably Spanish language box. Came brand new. I ordered a white version but a black one came i didn't send it back i kept it, because it was so nice. love it correct model 19100 not the i9100g. so far its good.

estoy cerca de comprar este producto, soy de venezuela y quisiera saber si me va a funcionar el 3G perfectamente con mi linea movistar que trabaja con HSDPA (850/1900)espero respuesta gracias

This phone is a great phone but maybe i am not lucky to order from this seller. I feel cheated. I really suffered too much with this mobile and spend too much money as well for repairing. When i hold the mobile on arrival, i felt it is not the real one. The battery seems bubble gum and not functioning properly. I press one tab and it affect on another tab. That is a chinese(low quality) mobile they shipped. I compared the mobile they sent me with the mobile in the shopping centre but i found a huge difference. They look completely different. And moreover they sent in a box written s2 but it is not from samsung. I am really disappointed with the seller. I dont know why they promise to give new and send different one. I do not want to hurt the seller on the other hand i do not want to hurt the buyer who will get hurt same me ordering this mobile from this seller.

I recommend this phone. I was looking for a mid range phone that could allow me to do basic every day tasks. The phone is easy to use, fast and has everything i need and more.The battery life is super short, it lasts about a day, but i keep gps on and use it very frequently.

I ordered a white unlocked Galaxy S2 as a gift, and received black Galaxy that says 'for Sprint use only' which means that its not unlocked.I was out of states when the package arrived, and when I came back and saw that I received the wrong item, I contact the seller and he was rude and very not co operative. he asked me questions as if I intentionally damaged it or broke it.instead of just refund me, he decided to fight me.I defiantly wont recommend to buy anything from this seller!!Thanks to Amazon Customer service, which is great, I eventually got my money back, and i got another phone from different seller.

large screen, light weight, slim design, extremely fast, HD quality graphic, and more..YOU GOTTA LOVE THIS PHONE!!!I recommend to everyone who is getting a smart phone.

At first I was contemplating on this phone or the Nexus Prime, but after seeing the price of the prime I went ahead and got the S2. I am really glad I did because I don't see the prime being worth ~50% more than what I paid for S2 (Just to have a slighly bigger screen and ICS-at least those are the only two additional features i was interested in). My brother has the black i9100 while I got the ceramic white version. Personally I prefer the white version.I am coming from a Nokia N900 so what impresses me most about this phone is the weight, slimness, screen size and to a lesser extent screen quality. Some people arent getting good battery life but I have to say mine does quite well. I unplugged my phone at about 7am and is now almost 5pm and I am still at 80% battery life. I used the phone to make a few calls, send a couple txts and msn msgs. MSN is running and so is Google talk, took a couple pics, sent them via email, golocker with live lockscreen is running and my wallpaper is also a live xmas one. I also did a few other things with various apps. Normally I charge the phone every night but if needed I could use the phone for 2 days easily.What I didnt really like was the contact importation and integration system. It was kind of a mess after importing from google, facebook, twitter, msn etc. I also dont like only being able to join up to 5 contacts.My Pros:- nice screen size and colors- light- slim- good looking phone- speedy and fluid screen movements (almost as good as the iphone 4)- takes great pics- captures nice HD video- lots of apps available since its android- very respectable battery life- microsd card slotMy Cons:- back of phone can get quite hot- no native mini or micro HDMI out- although i like the screen size i wish the resolution was higherI also have to add that OEM shop did a great job with fast shipping and they were VERY helpful in resolving a small issue I had. I would say they went beyond my expectations in terms of prompt response and actually solving my issue. I would defintely recommmend them.

Out of all the phones I've owned, this has to be the best bar non . I really don't see why people would buy the newer generations when this one performs everything i need

Best phone after Samsung Galaxy S 3, Apple piece of shit, bought iPhone 4s / iPad 2 (for my self) & Samsung Galaxy S2 (for my wife). And I have to say apple is totally piece of shit  as compare with Galaxy, toooo many restrictions, can't even change a ring tone , u have to buy it (WTF), no Sd card, No USB connector, no facebook sharing, no battery change. 3.5 screen & the list goes on and on....

I got my sgs2 last year and it is still going strong, the only bad thing is that I did have to just buy a new battery for it. This is a great phone and can be used for so much. The camera is fantastic as is the video recorder. My son loves this too and is an avid angry birds fan. I totally recommend this phone.

This is very fast phone , the screen size is perfect for watching movies and surfing the web. The camera quality is insane!  clear like water.  the flash is powerful. Interface perfect .  battery life is ok gaming experience terrific smooth fast and enjoyable.  only fault that I've encountered. Is that it gets hot quick

este articulo tiene problemas con el cargador de la bateria ,al parecer esta da&ntilde;ado .Por otro lado la bateria no tiene la duracion para este tipo de producto y el celular no reconoce o tiene problemas de conector del cargador !

The Phone is OK! The only problem is not latest version of Android :-(Any way I can recommend it for all...

This is 21st century. And there is no place for lazy peoples in this century. Peoples are going smart day by day so as cell phones. And when we talk about cell phones then one thing we can't underestimate are smart phones and when we talk about smart phones then how we forget Samsung Galaxy SA I9100. One of the best phone of this era. This phone is as fast as you can imagine. In fact it is not a phone it is a super phone which provides you millions of apps, super camera of 8 MP with fantastic zome and penalty of options. It has capacitive touch which is best than any other phone in the world. It has very slim and attractive shape. In short Samsung Galaxy SA I9100 is a mobile, a computer, a camera, a gaming device and whatever you think is in it. This phone will provide you as many ease as you want. I will just say that the person how has not used this phone has never know what is smart phone. This phone is versatile. It is for children, for engineers, for business mans, for players, for celebrities, for scientist and for each and every person living in this world. The only draw back in this phone is that it is not for animals. At the end i will just say that Samsung galaxy is not a just name it is this phone speciality that it will make you feel like you are not in this world, you are in galaxy.

I just got my phone today!! The black box and the screen cover of the phone was cover with finger prints!! Look like someone been playing with the phone!!! But I haven't play with it yet..but so far not so happy to see how I got the phone for the price I am paying for this phone!

its accessories are so slow sometimes they don't open up.Slow to open like am trying to do installing or opening any installed item. Also its slow in when making a call or sometimes it can hung up. i feel that i should return the item and get a new one or get my cash back.  thanks  let me hear from you please.

This was great and works well over seas. Got this for my husband and he loves it. It's like a mini computer.

I have been ordering with amazon for almost 4 years..i asked them if this was cdma compatible with the network i am on they said it should be. So i asked again they finally said no, I advised them I would need to return and get refund ...they are playing the run around game and trying to keep my 150.00 dollars...they act as if they don't know how to issue a refund label so i can send the item back to get my refund...i have not even opened the box it came in to see since it is not compatible with my network..their advertisement to top it off was misleading...they have very broken english and act as if they can not give a straight forward answer...when i ask a question they refer to me as woman...as if i don't have a name. I would never recommend this company to anyone ...not even my worse enemy...they have given me such a bad experience at this point, that I am considering finding a new site to shop at home from all together ....good luck to them and amazon ...i think amazon is losing a very loyal customer after this incident.....

Had phone shipped overnite, once installing battery, the back case would never close properly.Phone came with no instructions or manual.  Phone would not ring, play music, or make any sound.Avoid this one!

verygood,exelent, gave girft to people they liked it, it was excellent  i loved the color.my doughter got crazy about this

i have a problem with the cellphone you delivered me. The cellphone charger is not working and it fails to recognize the sym card, therefore it has not signal and it barely works with wi-fi connection. Another problem i have with the cellphone is that the touch screen is not working properly and all of these problems have showned in barely a week since it was used for the first time.

Is very simple to use when you get used to it, nice camera, very good HD screen quality, is the perfect size for those like me who think that we don't need a phone of the size of a tablet.

Not only is this phone functional and easily customizable, but it came at a very good price and arrived at my door less than five business days from when I ordered it. I have never had a smart phone before, so I wouldn't be able to fairly claim its worth over other models, but I certainly would try to push my friends into getting it based on appearance and capabilities. I am surprised at how quickly the battery depletes, but I suppose that's just a matter of not fiddling around with it and letting it rest.

First phone - First boot-up, after about 5mins the 2 touch buttons isn't working (I ordered the spare part for it now) and every now  and then it would just freeze upSecond phone - Has a BIG long scratch on the back of the phoneThird phone - When taking pictures a blurred spot is noticed (maybe it's only the inside lense that's dirty)Overall, I didn't expect paying almost the same price as I would for BRAND NEW Galaxies, that all 3 of them had some sort of problemNot very happy right now....

I am using this phone and it is excellent piece. Like it very much fast and beautiful (white), I would recommend this to anyone who want to use best smartphone

I bought this thinking it was the I9100 GS2 but instead I received a I9100G, the "G" makes a huge difference.Samsung quietly rolled out the I9100G with a TI OMAP 1GHz instead of the Exynos 4210 which is 1.2GHz and is also what makes the GS2, the GS2. The Exynos itself runs circles around the OMAP in performance so that's why you should be cautious if you're going to buy this from Amazon as they only sell the I9100G now.

I have bought this phone since June, and I live in US and use T-mobile network. it was worked well without any updating. Last week, I updated it to an official update through Samsung Kies program to android 4.1.2. after that it became LOCKED !!! It required the SIM NETWORK UNLOCK PIN . I called Samsung, They informed me we are not authorized to give you the SIM network locked PIN you have to call your carrier. After that, I called T-mobile they said, your mobile is basically Unlocked on another carrier, once you update your mobile to 4.1.2 ,it returned to default factory setting. Indeed, your device is Unlocked for other carrier which T-mobile none of them defiantly. In conclusion, this mobile IS LOCKED.

I am not able to review this Purchase because I did not received the item as I purchased (Samsung Galaxy S II SA-I9100  International Version); instead of, I received the Samsung Galaxy II SHW-250S which is the domestic version for South Korea. I already returned the item to the seller and waiting for a full refund of the purchase amount.

I JUST GOT THIS PHONE LAST WEEK. IT IS A REALLY COOL PHONE. MY LAST 3 PHONES WERE BLACKBERRY WHICH I LOVE SO MUCH! BUT I WAS LOCKED IN A PLAN OH MY BFF'S CONTRACT AND MY HOURS GOT CUT SO I COULD'NT AFFORD IT. I WANTED AN UNLOCKED PHONE SO I COULD GO TO A CHEAPER CARRIER WITHOUT A CONTRACT. MY BOYFRIEND HAS A GALAXY VIBRANT SO I PLAYED WITH IT AND LIKED IT. NOW I HAVE THIS PHONE AND LOVE THE BIG SCREEN,EASY TO WORK, THE COLOR,THE APPS ARE AWESOME!!THE CAMERA TAKES GOOD PICTURES, AND SO LIGHT WEIGHT. THE ONLY THING THE BATTERY LIFE DOES'NT LAST AS LONG AS THE BLACKBERRY...HAVE TO CHARGE IT EVERY 4 TO 6 HOURS DEPENDING ON THE USAGE, WITH MY BERRY WAS EVERY 3 DAYS FOR CHARGING. AND IT TAKES AT LEAST 1 OR MORE HOUR TO CHARGE AND MY BERRY ONLY LIKE 25 -30 MINUTES.BUT OTHER THAN THAT IT IS A REALLY COOL PHONE.SO FAR SO GOOD.

Excellent price for a phone that has it all: beatiful and slim design, nice functions, a great camara and a great screen

Great phone,but didn't work as good as they said it would.And when it arrived it had a bad battery in it......no good

Do not buy this phone unless you are prepared to argue every month about your data usage.  Both of my kids have this phone and they have both been replaced.  The data usage keeps wracking up my bill.  AT&T does not have a clue as to why, plus if you download the update, you can destroy your computer as well as your phone, but AT&T does not tell you this.  Google these phones before you buy, the same results are out there on the internet.

The phone was shipped on time and everything, but the 8 MP camera is not good at all. Ever since the first picture I took I could see that they all come out blurry (Even when using the default camera settings). When filming a video it comes out even worse. Even the 2 MP front camera takes better pictures.If I had known the camera would be this bad I wouldn't have ordered this phone. I wish I could get my money back because I am very unhappy with this purchase.

the cell fuenciona to perfection here in Venezuela, 3g up smoothly, is easy to use, arrived at the appointed time without any kind of damage.

The device I got looks like a Samsung Galaxy SII, but it's a fake product.I couldn't get GPS reception so I took the phone to a technician. After opening the case he refused to accept it for repair because he told me its a fake phone. I got to appreciate his honesty as I was looking at an estimate of ~80$ for the repair.Amazon handled the case efficiently and I just got a note from them they will return all costs including shipping - thanks Amazon !Still my wife has to wait about two months for her new phone - I missed the intended timing.I have learned to check the seller more closely, and consider buying directly from original vendor. I wasn't expecting to get a fake phone off of Amazon web site.Asa

It suck. Please stay away from this phone. Do not wast your money on this phone.I bought it . only to last two three weeks.

When I went to open the phone box i could tell that the box had already been opened and resealed bc it was sealed different form the way my wifies Galaxy S2 was(it was bought from samsung). Upon opening the box the phone was dirty as if it was sitting on a shelve for an extended period of time. The plastic protective film even had dust under the edges of the screen and under edges of back film and the box even had dust from where the phone moved around a bite during shipping and the dust came off phone. The headphones where missing but this was suppose to be a new phone. Upon contacting the seller about the problem they said they would fix it and that was a month ago and I still get a run around from them.As for the phone. It has worked great without any problems at all. Great phone, just poor seller.

This phone is a trap, I live in Venezuela and phone is rebuilt presents a number of different screen imei imei number of the phone, plus I do not grab this phone cellular signal, sometimes from time to time is when I have signal. I want my money back!

The phone never worked properly. The box was unsealed and apparently it should include a USB cable, but it didn't. At the beginning I thought that the battery was broken, because it wouldn't charge. I tried it with someone else's battery and the same issue came up: it won't charge! On top of that, I tried the &#34;broken&#34; battery on somebody else's phone and it did work. When I tried to update the software (android 2.4, I think) it said that there are no updates available. At leaast the IMEI code was the same on the phone and on its software, but I'm not sure if that is a possitive thing, since it never actually worked. I am completely dissapointed and I am going to ask a full refund of my money. It is very annoying when you buy a christmas present for someone and it turns out to be a fraud. DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT!

the operation is perfectly concrete, fully recommended, all without problem, thank you very much, good product as I said the description

Phone was nice but after 11 month it just died. Repair guys said that something wrong with motherboard so no sense in repair. Very disappointed because phone is in very good condition, treated nicely without falling downs or water dust or whatever else. Seller replied that this is not their problem and I should contact Samsung directly. I bought another model for replacement (N***s 4, one of the last from stock), no Samsungs anymore.

I am a loyal buyer of amazon and I have been cheated. The phone has two different serial, one in the case and one in the software. That shame through the telephone company Movistar here in Venezuela. The phone is locked. Only worked a month in Venezuela and is now locked. The IMEI code is reported stolen. The serial of the case is not the same as the computer on sotfware. Immediately request the total and absolute refund my money. Otherwise sue you for fraud.

hi, i bought this item for my sister in august. and because i am in ireland i didnt have a chance to see the phone. so she got her new phone verry happy and excited, but after 3 months the phone just stop working and when she got it to service centre they sad that phone is asembled from diferent parts, and is not suitable to fix. so when i so the picture of the phone it has acualy a screen from BLACK galaxy s2. i'm verry disapointed. better dont buy from this seller.

Is this cell pone support 4g!! And is it work in ECUADORI need to buy one , i went to be sureThanks

No manual came with the phone and I am unable to use it. Can't find anyplace on internet where i can get a manual. so far phone is useless!

I mean this is an OKAY phone. I'm like obsessed with the galaxy, but this is not the galaxy. It's a knock off. You can tell as soon as you open the package. i was VERY disappointed. I am trying to return it, but now I have to wait another week to even know if they will refund it. The phone itsself isn't bad, it's the fact that it's a knock off and does not work like a galaxy. My pictures turned out horrible, it doesnt focus good. just saying.

excellent and useful product! I love it! we love at home! one of the best phones, right before the s3 and s4

In General is a very good phone and comprehensive but recivirlo when the box arrived with open and fingerprints on the screen, fulfilled expectations.

It is a Samsung Galaxy S II and guess what it is perfect. My daughter loves it. You can have a SIII or S IV you are happy for that. This S II brings a lot of joy to its user too. Thank you.

WHEN I RECEIVED THE PRODUCT, I HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THIS. BUT I INFORM THIS TO THE SELLER,VERY GOOD RESPONSE AND SOLVED MY PROBLEM WITH IN A SHORT TIME. THE PRODUCT WAS VERY GPOOD IN CONDITION AND RECEIVED ME IN TIME, IT IS NOW IN GOOD CONDITION. I AM RECOMMENDING ANY ONE OF YOU THIS ONE. VERY RELIABLE SELLER. VERY VERY THANKS .MADHUSUDHANAN

I bought this product from Venezuela....I read on other description that spanish language was not installed therein, however I realized that as soon as you turn it on, you can change language easily. It works perfectly w/o doing any change. I'm very happy with this phone,it's really fast on web, quickly connection to gps and wi fi.If you want an all in cell phone, this is the one!

Hola a todos, el tel&eacute;fono es espectacular. Me encanta lo poco que he indagado, I love it. I recomend it.

caracteristicas magnificas. Menu amplio y ni que decir de las aplicaciones. Un producto que se puede adquirir con toda confianza.

This was my first purchase with AMAZON and  I love it. Its my best so far....Guess what? IT fell inside the toilet 10 days ago lol but I took it to a phone repair and it cost me $55 only to fix it. its still working perfectly... I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.

it lasted two months. first it stopped charging then it kept over heating then the sound went, waste of my money

1- It's a refurbished phone. Not an original Samsung phone2- Battery is not original and doesn't work3- It has been having so many troubles (can't call, volume doesn't work, it turns in and off itself)4- DONT WASTE UR MONEY IN A BAD CELLPHONE. IT DOESN'T WORK. AND IT'S NOT AN ORIGINAL SAMSUNG PHONE.5- PLUS IT DOESN'T WORK MUCH AS AN UNLOCKED PHONE.PLEASE DON'T BUY IT!!!!!!

As has been mentioned many times, the Galaxy SII is an amazing phone - I love it. I bought the phone through Battery Assault, and they shipped it the same day, and the phone arrived new and unlocked as promised. Great service.My problem has been that the phone doesn't work well with my current phone carrier, Virgin, in Colombia. The phone doesn't have constant phone service, and often the data plan won't work, and I never have fast internet service unless I'm connected to wifi. The phone company says it's because of the phone software.So if you're buying this phone to use outside the States, be aware that you might have issues with the phone service.

I am much satisfied with this product.There is a little difference between iphone 4s and this product.It is not so much costly.Its speed is very good.So people should not hesitate to buy this product.

The battery is a different size from samsung SII, it doesn't fit in any cases made for SII's and it's onnly 3G. I don't get any service on this phone. I really regret purchasing it.

I don't understand why I couldn't get any good signal with this phone I used three different companies come to find out it was the phone, & the sound was barely there you could only use it with headphones if you wanted to here something. Don't return it because they will only give you $50 what a rip off ! Rather have the phone back though
