
It's a fun phone, cost $101 to get a sim card (smart phone first-time user), and I was not aware it would be that much, but it is worth it.

I previously had a phone like this,but it got moisture inside it causing me to get another phone.I love this phone.It may be a little heavy,but at least I know that I have a phone.Love the slide out keyboard.It's an awesome phone.

This is my first phone so I may not have &#34;experience&#34; with phones, but I must say WOW best phone EVER (obviously). I have owned this phone for nearly 5 YEARS, never once had a problem. No glitches, no breaking down on me, etc. Overall, I believe this is a perfect phone because not only does it suit my needs, but exceeds exceptionally compared to by siblings phones (they only last a year).

I bought this phone used with AT&T . Not a problem I inserted my Straight Talk Sim Card and within a few minutes I was talking texting and webbing. Too much fun exploring what it can do. Actually it is a little high tech for me!! Still figuring out a lot of Apps!

This is very good fun for the money. I love the fact that it has a physical keyboard and a tactile one. Very user friendly and it really covers the basics and more. I like simplicity so this is the one for you. I have had a blackberry ( I wouldn't recommend this one), an iphone and three version so the Android; this phone as I said, is simple but it has what people normally use, instead of 3000 little gadgets that you never take a look at or never use. Recommended!

after two months' use, phone was dead, it doesn't turn's on, don't buy it! you will spend money for nothing

I bought this phone for a Christmas gift for my pre-teen son.  Thankfully, frustration turned to enthusiasm after I went online to purchase an unlock code.Initially this AT&T; branded (and allegedly unlocked) phone would not work when I put my Bell Mobility (a Canadian cell service provider) SIM in it. Instead it presented with the following pop up: "This sim card can only be used on specific networks. Contact your customer service centre for the PAC code".  After calling my service provider to no avail, and then heavy use of the internet trying to troubleshoot on my own, I finally pulled the trigger and paid for an unlock code for this allegedly unlocked phone -- that did the trick, allowing me to have a working phone under the tree with three days to spare!Now that the phone works, and with my pre-gift-wrapping fooling around with it finished, I can say that I love the Windows Phone 7.5 ("Mango") operating system (which, notably, was an easy "Zune" update from the 7.0 OS that came pre-installed).  Further, the OS is not only beautiful to look at, but responsive to touch commands, and extremely intuitive. There also seems to be a significant number of free and/or age appropriate Games and Apps in the Zune marketplace. As the current owner of a Nokia N8 with Symbian S^3, I am now all pumped to upgrade to the Windows Phone OS when it is time buy my next Nokia.As for the LG Quantum handset itself, I expect it will be a nice size for my son's smaller hands; and appears to be a quality build, with decent audio at my end of conversations. My only material critism regarding initial build quality focuses on the metal rear panel that covers the battery.  That panel did not seat/fit smoothly, but with some adjustment/bending of one of the tiny metal tabs attached to the panel, I was able make the panel nest properly, achieving the fit and finish one would expect of a brand new phone.Overall, I am very hopeful that my son -- who desperately wanted the prohibitively expensive iPhone for Christmas -- will be as happy with this LG Quantum in the longterm as I am at this early juncture. Overall 4 out of 5 stars.

This was my first windows phone. I bought it a month ago, when it was $97. I wanted to get the Nokia Lumia, but my bugdget was tight. I got this one instead because the price was good for a 16 GB  phone.Pros: Good internal memory, the software is smoothCons: Too heavy; Looks like it is made of iron or something; cannot set a personalized ringtone for my phone calls and all those; cannot receive MMS nor send them; I cannot send group message, but I can if I use another phone, so it is not about plan, but about the phone itself.Conclusion: I feel like I leave in the last century or so: I cannot send pics by sms to my friends, I cannot set the song I like and set it as my ringtone, I cannot download email attachments even if they are just pictures......If the phone falls on my toe it can break it.It is still better than nothing.

I love this phone.  I purchased it for my husband but I have been using it since I got it.  I will be sorry to give it up. I wasn't aware what phones are able to do these days until I got this thing.  It has many apps for download that are free even more that you pay for.  I am quit satisfied and have it in my hands often.  Email, Facebook, messaging and calling are very easy to access.  It is like having a little computer in your hands.  I have HP Touchpad and this phone can do more things due to the available apps then what I am able to do with the Touchpad. I am very happy with the purchase.  Highly recommended.

The screen has been scratched severely when i got it with a complete pakaging box.There is a lot of dirty between the the protective film and the screen.I can not find any information about manufecture on the battery, and I belive it isn't produced by lg. What a disappointment.

I've had this phone for almost a year, and it works great.  Good camera, sturdy chasis, and it has never locked up.  I dropped this phone into the bath tub (briefly) from a height of around three feet, and ist still workds perfectly.For typing, make sure to disable the autocorrect feature, which is a little hard to find under the language selection.  Other than that, only complaint about the keyboard is a lack of a tab key (for word documents, the work around is to import a doc that already has tabs and copy/paste them as needed).

When I first purchased this phone I was in love with it! In less than a month black lines started forming on the right side of the screen for no reason. Never dropped the phone or etc. A few weeks later the windows button that returns you home stopped. About a week after that it would freeze on a black screen, and if you received a call or text  while on the black screen you could not answer it. My alarm went off and it would not even stop until I held the power button long enough to turn off the stupid thing. This started happening once maybe twice a day and within a few days it was happening every hour. I contacted LG whom amazon told us to contact for the warranty and it was a pain to talk to them. Still have the phone and no one seems to want to help. I have had the darn thing for just about 2 months now. I would not recommend this phone to anyone. I went back to using my older phone with a shattered screen and it works better than this phone.

I bought this from Phone Zone to use on TMobile. The phone works fine with my SIM card but not the SMS part. I couldn't send or receive picture texts and spent some time on the phone with with TMobile and ATT. I contacted Amazon for contact info for Phone Zone and Amazon just shipped me a replacement on the spot and were great as always.My replacement came from Wireless Experts, worked fine with my TMobile SIM but still no SMS. I searched for hours trying various things but I've only so many hours to devote to making my technology work and is why I didn't bother to fool with an Android.I REALLY LIKE this phone though and it irks me every time I pick it up and handle it because I really hoped to make it work. I've been told that while the phone is unlocked, the SMS feature is still locked to ATT and won't present a place to enter the MMS Protocol code.I've got a temporary Nokia Lumia for now and hate the keyboard. The  LG C900 allows you to read an incoming text while you are typing a response which is great if you are in a conversation and quickly exchanging info. If you are using the Lumia in landscape mode, you cant see anything but your own text unless you turn off the predictive text but the phone still weighs next to nothing and the virtual keyboard takes A LOT of getting used to.I can only hope that TMobile comes out with some better qwerty smart phones but I'm told all those sliders will eventually be phased out due to problems with the slider mechanism problems they all develop over time. Moving parts just wear out.

I had a Samsung focus before this but when the screen broke I decided to try out something new. I was very pleased with this phone when it arrived. it has a solid, metal feel to it and it is weighted in your hand. For some people this can be cumbersome but for me it indicates the quality of materials used in the phone. Besides that the phone functions just like any other windows 7 phone with the added benefit of the slide out keyboard. I personally only use the screen to text but its nice to have that just in case! I recommend this phone highly because of the quality to price ratio.

Words cannot begin to describe how pissed off I am for ordering this STUPID BS phone! I read the reviews online but thought I would order it anyway, since it is an LG phone and I have had the following LG phone model LG CF360 Quad-Band for the past 7 years now. Despite, how beat up that phone is, it still works!I received a defective phone! The Phone Could Not Turn-on! It would Not Charge! Even if it charge for hours and if lucky that it turns on, it will either be 1 or 2 bars! I am like what the f%$.... is wrong with the phone?  Called Amazon Customer Service how pissed off I am about eComElectronics (Fulfilled by Amazon) selling a defective item. Yes! I RETURNED IT! I will NEVER buy a Windows phone!

Like the phone - it's a bit heavy because of the keyboard and like other people have said the camera is terrible in low light but okay in sunlight. It's 3G but it uses a SIM and it's a world unlocked phone which is great for vacations

El vendedor no envi&oacute; el producto completo faltaba cable de pc y los auriculares, Gracias al soporte de Amazon ellos solventaron la situaci&oacute;n.El celular util corre bien y buen sistema operativo me solicito actualizaci&oacute;n del mismo a los 30min.Buen Celular recomendado

I needed to check e-mail and send and take pictures.  This met the requirements. This was more than good enough for the price.

I purchased this product from the Market place. Unfortunately it was not as promised. The phone was not unlocked. It would not accept the new SIM card from T-Mobile. I over apssed 4 attempts and now the phone is a toast. I will have to figure what to do with it except using it as the wifi device and let go for the prime function that is cell phone... I would say wrongly advertise item...

I received the product in perfect condition as it indicated the seller, I recommend it 100%, it has worked very well! owns the Windows Phone 7.5 operating system which allows me to enjoy many applications, including use much to my studies because it is very useful in every way!

Love how it the windows phone work flash is amazing takes better pictures than most 3g phones. I did need to buy a new battery because it started to overheat which At&t said that my battery was bad and it could possibly explode.

I really like my phone.  I only gave it 4 stars because I had to break into the phone to send and receive mms photos.  I was determined to keep this phone because it has everything I like such as; windows , microsoft word and the pull out keyboard.  I dont need a data plan to use it.  I am a teacher and a heavy reader so I love reading on my phone and taking notes on word.  For the price i love this phone and am soooo happy to have it.  It has everything I like.

This is a very good phone, big memory, full keyboard, great camera, and a lot of little things extra, and low cost! what else do you want! The service is great, the phone is great, concerning the money paid for it, it's more than worth it!

Although the first phone I received was unable to boot up, I did receive a replacement. I was admittedly nervous about the replacement but it seems to be working fine, knock on wood. I found a YouTube video showing me how to update the OS to Windows 7.8. Its important to follow this procedure because its an AT&T; phone and would not update from the Zune software to the most recent Windows Operating System. Apparently, AT&T; stopped at a certain point with the updates; probably because they wanted to sell the new W8 phones. Just jump on the web and place a search for a YouTube video update of the LG Quantum C/900 to Windows OS 7.8. The video shows how to set up the phone to prepare it for the update. Then you simply connect it to your Zune software and go to 'Phone' then 'check for updates.' It took about an hour to update but the change was amazing. Brighter colors, bug repairs, the ability to change tiles to smaller sizes, new icons, etc. I like the slide out Qwerty which is backlit by the way so one can text in the dark, and it also has the digital keys for those who prefer it. Fits like a glove in your hand and feels very solid.My only complaint is the location of the power button (top left)which is a bit awkward and the fact that all the keys are so flush with the body that they can be difficult to detect.

I dropped my first LFG Quantum, cracking the screen.  Even then, it soldiered on, but developed a tendency to occasionally reboot after sliding the keyboard closed.  I love Windows Phone, and very much prefer a physical keyboard.  AT&T was offering nothing like it in their 4G products, so I bought another Quantum.

Just got this phone from blutekusa over the weekend, ordered it on Mar 14th, choose the super saving shipping option, took the company three days to ship it out, but arrived on my door step the next day, turned out the company is in penn, and I'm in jersey, very fast delivery by the USPS.The first thing I did after opening the box( which is in original AT&T; wrapping) was testing wether it's unlocked or not, thank god it's unlocked, I used both AT&T; and T-mobile sim card, and both worked flawlessly. That's one of the reason I choose blutekusa, cause the other review said it came unlocked, the company didn't disappoint.Windows phone is definitly a new experience, I have used both Iphone and android phones before, really liked the windows phone layout and responsivness. The one hiccup I have is that the phone won't let me use my song as the ringtone, which is very strange, considering how almost every other phone I have let me use songs from my library as the ringtone. But other than that, every thing is very intuitive and simple to use. The phone itself is a little bit heavy, but like my wife said, it's definitly a man's phone.

Right from the start noticed that the phone came in its original retail packaging this was perfect. The phone is in mint condition and was fully unlocked I read a review on amazon as well and they received a great product from BLUTEKUSA, so I used this company as well. Popped in my tmobile sim and it worked.

ok let me start by saying i watch a few videos of this phone before i decided to purchase it, phone was shipped 4 days after the day i place the order, then it took and additional 7 days to get to miami since i live in the Caribbean i use a forwarding address, so after almost a month i got the phone, came in a new box phone was new but i find the charger to be quit flimsy, i like the phone but since i live in the Caribbean and we only have digicel and lime most features on the phone don't work, anyway after almost 24 hrs of use the phone starts going off at random times, would cost me a few dollars to return it so am just gonna keep it, but would not advise any one to buy this phone

it seas extremely hard to get my music on it and u can't great playlists and the phone randomly restarts it self like more than 10 times a day and feezes a lot I don't like it I would rather have an android phone

The phone is great, windows phone 7.5 never crashes, its fast very fast for a single core phone (looks faster than some android dual core), great for work in general, very simple to use, love the keyboard.The only issue here for me is that im in sud america so there arent as much aplications as i would like if you compare with an android phone, but personaly i belive thar windows phone is a much better os than android.

The phone isn't unlocked dont trust it it was alot and i still need to sell the phone to somebody

I really liked this phone but after reading that some people had trouble getting it activated I decided to return it.

Is a nice phone, intiutive, fast and perfect for my. I missed the MicroSD card. Works fine on Colombian's Movistar Network.

The phone is not unlocked ... did not work ... and unfortunately I lost my phone ... the product is released as an unlocked device and is false is not so ... and there is any help

This phone is absolutely amazing. There is nothing wrong about this phone and it does everything I need it to do all at a cost of only $170. LOVE IT...................................

I bought this phone for my wife, she is finally happy that she has a multi-task phone withall the capabilities that she needs. great phone, good price !

Moving up from an HTC TyTN II, this Quantum C900 is all I could ask for:  thiner, larger, faster, sharper, easier to use and fancier!  Just by turning it on I noticed what a big difference it was.The OS is quite friendly and powerful.  Company's Exchange Server sync was perfect since the the start.  So far I have no complains regarding Windowsphone.  I have not updated it to Windowsphone 7.5 yet, but honestly, do not feel the need to do it...although I will certainly upgrade it.  There are not as many Apps at Microsoft's Marketplace as Apple has for the iPhones or iPads: theirs have been around longer..but I was able to get most of what I wanted for free.  Other bright side:  Apps price is quite low compared to what I have paid before for Palm or even Windows Mobile programs.  Hopefuly in a few months I will get the Apps I am now missing.Hardware wise the phone seems very well built: it feels heavy and sturdy; also fewer moving parts will probably mean less problems down the road.  The only thing I do not like is that the phone is an AT&T; unlocked phone, not an LG OEM phone:  BIG difference when it comes to support:  LG will not handle it and neither will AT&T; if you are not with them.  The seller probably has a warranty agreement with ONE shop...but that certainly limits your options.Bottom line:  Excelent value for money.  Would be great if it wasn't an AT&T; phone.

This cell phone is a great product. I think I just ended up with a bad one. The phone worked great for 2 days, then it began repeatedly doing a cold reboot every few minutes. Nothing I tried seemed to stop this, so I had to just send it back for a refund.  But I liked the phone so well that I did order another one just like it (new instead of refurbished). I haven't had any trouble at all with the 2nd one.

I bought this phone 2 weeks ago, and I love it!....for the most part.  I can only get picture messages sometimes, and the battery life is not the best, but for a smart phone...it's not bad at all.  I plan to give it to my 14 year old in a few months when I'm ready for an upgrade.

I love this phone, and keep buying it . I have owned a 2 versions of the phone (I left one in the rain, I shattered the chassis on the second), so I can say that the phone itself is good quality, but the version I receved from eCom & Amazon this time was not up to scratch. With a non-LG battery and issues with the battery charging, I've sent the phone back.I have ordered a new one though. From a supplier that's not eCom.

Update 5/20/12I've now had this phone for over a year. I've purchased at least three of them for friends in Africa. And I had to replace mine after I lost one in Uganda. I'm currently in Ghana and this phone continues to amaze me as a world phone. My Droid 3 is helpless outside the US because Verizon has disabled data access if you don't have their SIM card in the phone which means a huge data bill. But this LG Quantum really works well as a world phone. I get 3G data using just airtime credits with MTN in Uganda and Ghana whereas I have to pay for a data bundle with other cell carriers in these countries. The battery lasts over 2 days with moderate usage and switching between WiFi in the hotel to 3G on the road. My new Sony Ericsson Experia Arc S is a great Android world phone. Except I have to pay for a data bundle. The Quantum has a much smaller screen so I use the Experia for reading digital library books and listening to music. But the Quantum gives me fast Internet access. So it has it's place. I have my own ringtones in each phone. In my Quantum I use a Bob Marley tune. He's hugely popular in Africa. Use Dropbox to set up a Ringtones folder that will be synced to your phone. Create a ringtone on your PC and drop it in the Dropbox Ringtones folder. It will appear on the Quantum if you have Dropbox installed. Then choose it as your ringtone. Mango is a solid operating system. I've had no trouble with crashes with Mango. And Windows Phone 7 has a good variety of apps. Some are better on Windows 7. Some are better on Android. But you can do just about anything you need on both operating systems. The slide out keyboard on the Droid 3 is better than on the Quantum mainly because of the larger size. But they are both better than having to use a screen keyboard if you're a touch typist. Another plus for the Quantum is the price has dropped so low now you can afford to take it traveling and not worry too much about a huge loss if you lose it in the bush like I did.For a versatile phone in the US pick something else. But for a world phone the Quantum is still a contender and quite a bargain at current prices.------------------------------------------------------------I've had my LG Quantum since April 2011 when I purchased it for trips to Africa. It's worked well in Uganda where the MTN Uganda SIM card gives you 3G without having to pay for a data plan. You just buy airtime cards. Mali doesn't give you 3G at all. In the US the Quantum is just an OK cell phone. I get anywhere from 8 hours to a day and a half on the battery with little to no usage. I believe it's because the AT&T; signal is non-existent in my home so the AT&T; shop gave me a MicroCell to use. Going in and out of the house where the phone has to switch between regular cell and MicroCell seems to nail the battery. Also the wireless signal is weak at the far end of our house where my office is. A weak wireless signal also seems to cause the phone to use excess battery. At times the phone will heat up very hot and consume huge amounts of battery. I have three different LG OEM batteries. And they all behave the same. This is my second LG Quantum since I lost my first one in Africa. Both phones have the same heating and excessive battery use problem. Right now in the US I've removed the SIM card and switched my AT&T; service to another phone. With the SIM card removed and with the phone on but not being used it lasts for nearly two weeks on standby. So the problem seems to be with how the phone manages varying cellular and wireless signals.I now have a Motorola Droid 3 GSM world phone. It is light years ahead of this Windows 7 phone. The Droid 3 also has the slider keyboard. There's no need for the awful Microsoft Zune program for transferring photos and files from and to the phone from the Droid 3. Hook up the Droid 3 to my laptop via USB and it's just another SD card. Or transfer photos or files via wireless to any computer on my home wireless network using the ES File Explorer app. Transferring photos taken on the phone can be a big issue if you use the phone camera for those spur of the moment candid shots like I do. It was painful to set up file transfer with the Windows 7 phone. And I've done it for 4 different Quantum phones. It doesn't get any easier with practice. The LG Quantum camera takes good quality photos in full daylight (forget night photos). But if you don't have your laptop handy to connect with Zune you can't transfer the photos off the phone. At full high resolution the photos are much too big to email. When I lost my first phone it's the photos I lost. Everything else was safe in the Google cloud and in Dropbox. With my Droid 3 I can transfer the photos at any time to either or both my Android Toshiba Thrive tablet and my Windows 7 laptop either via wireless or using a USB cable.This LG Quantum doesn't handle a weak phone or wireless signal well. My Droid 3 functions perfectly in such places where I got no signal on the Quantum. Besides requiring the Zune software the Windows 7 phone for any transfer of photos, music, or files it can't be used as a wireless hotspot. If you have a wireless-only tablet that's a big issue. The Droid 3 works seamlessly as a hotspot. It's included in the basic Android 3.2 software.For a first smartphone the LG Quantum may be a so-so choice. But it's got a lot of problems. If any of these problems might impact your cell phone usage you might want to keep looking.  There are newer phones that might offer a better experience.

This phone is the only phone I want. It does everything I want it too and more. I Had trouble getting it from my carrier. Thanks Amazon!!

First phone we received was not unlocked but we were able to exchange it for a working phone.  Problem is our carrier is T-Mobile and my daughter is unable to send mms messages.  The phone is very heavy and good quality but it can't send pictures and to a teen I don't think it could get any worse!!

I was soo sketchy at first about this phone being unlocked after reading bad reviews people had of it. so far so good i had this phone for almost 2 weeks now and its been amazing. I have t-mobile and omg the speed on this device for a 3g phone is amazingly fast compared to my t-mobile samsung galaxy exhibit 2. I went through a lot of exchanges with that phone withint 2 weeks. This unlocked phone came brand new as it says here and i was really excited for it. If you really need an affordable replacement phone this Lg Quantum is the way to go.

I picked this phone because I loved the ease of the screen, slide out keyboard, and that it seemed user friendly. I was incredibly disappointed. I HATE THIS PHONE. My husband calls it "Stupid Phone" because normally if it's in my hand, that's what I'm saying.On the plus side, the camera works pretty well.And I really do like that slide out keyboard...Bad? Oh boy.I never have bars or reception when I know I should. My husband can have 4 bars and I breathed too hard and am in Emergency Only mode. More often than not, I can't connect. I have to constantly reset it (I just go into airplane mode, switch it on and off, then I can normally connect). Because of this always being in emergency only mode, I've missed calls from work, interview opportunities, calls from people watching my child, etc. Since I'm not checking to see if I have reception every second, I won't even know I've missed a call till hours later. When you have an infant in someone else's care? THAT'S BAD.I constantly have to turn the phone off to get things to work. My email won't connect? Reset, delete the account, re-add, then wait 3 days for it to fix itself.It freezes. A lot.Limited games available. Want that game everyone has? You can't even PAY for it. The game simply isn't available for your phone.Love to Facebook? Have fun. The app for the phone never loads. I ended up using the internet function and leaving it up, which is a pain in my patoody because I have to re-size constantly. Even then, it gives me "Page not Available, Retry?" and I have to hit retry 5-10 times till it loads. Wow, that was worth it to look at a picture. Can't just hit the back button, have to find the original home link in your history, have the page not be available and hit retry another 8 times and you get back to the main page.I gave it 2 stars because the camera. No really, that's what I used it for. Know those commercials where your phone does everything but call? That's this phone. I have an app to learn sign language, it will track my workout, and I can play Solitaire when bored. But you want to call? Email? Facebook? Psh. It doesn't do that. But you CAN download an app that makes fart noises.Really? Get an Android. Even an Iphone. STAY AWAY FROM THIS WINDOWS PHONE.

As for a Windows phone, it is worth the money.If you use it on T-mobile network, make sure to call t-mobile and have them set the phone on their network or you will not be able to send PICS by text message.

Very nice phone. The sliding keyboard isn't good at night, but it's good other than that. Cheap with good specs, and you can hold on to it good.

We bought a pair of these LG Quantum C900 phones from AT&T; by signing a 2-year commitment.  Probably not what most Amazon shoppers would do, but it worked for us.  The 5 MP camera works great for stills, although it is a challenge to hold the shutter button halfway down (which you need to do in order to make the autofocus and auto lighting work).  What makes this tricky is that the back third of the phone is a slide-away QWERTY keyboard (great for texting or typing in websites, but a pain when it slides out from behind the main phone when you are trying to hit the shutter or the other button that's on the right side of the phone).We might get silicone cases for our phones, both for protection and to keep the keyboard on the back from sliding out, since we use the camera functions WAY WAY more often than we use the QWERTY keyboard function.  Why have a full QWERTY keyboard and not use it, you ask?  The onscreen keyboard works just fine, and it's plenty big when you rotate the phone into the wide position (landscape) instead of the tall position (portrait).  In fact, if we had been fully aware of the automatically rotating screen function that most of these phones seem to have, and the pretty good onscreen keyboard functions, we probably would have chosen a phone without the bigger slide-away QWERTY keyboard.  Only a dedicated texter who doesn't take many pictures can really appreciate this phone for what it is.One other issue... this is a Windows 7 phone.  What that means is, if you want to use the workable mobile versions of the Microsoft Office components (Word, Excel, etc.) you have them all pre-loaded on the phone. I am told that the mini version of Outlook "syncs" with you home PC, but I have never tried that, and don't really want to...I'll leave that to more intrepid souls who have bluetooth set up on their PCs or laptops.The downside of Windows 7 Phones:  nowhere near as many free apps as you get with an iPhone or Android phone.The upside of Windows 7 Phones:  if you are careful with your settings, you can protect your privacy, which you really can't do with the other phones, from what I've heard.Update: We got these phones as part of an AT&T; U-Verse package.  So we started out with free streaming of recorded TV content including Nick Jr. and PBS which we love.  A couple of months after I wrote the review above, AT&T; sent us an apologetic letter about how they would be "discontinuing our support of the U-Verse mobile app on all Windows 7 phones.  When I asked the AT&T; store to exchange our phones for Android phones which would allow us to keep using the U-Verse mobile service, they said not until your 2-year contract ends.  So we cancelled our AT&T; cell phones and AT&T; home phone and went to Verizon.  Soon we will be totally disconnecting U-Verse and getting the cheapest broadband internet connection we can find, because we discovered we can stream Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime through our standard Wii box.  Bye, bye, AT&T;!  You had your chance!

The LG Quantum c900 is a very awesome phone, I love it and I don't regret having it with me.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.Great reviews but the flaws are FATAL FLAWS.First of all, from the minute I first turned it on, it kept shutting itself off. I could never use it for ANYTHING without it turning itself off over and over again while trying to do the simplest task. I didn't want to give up on it, especially since I'd spent $80. So I kept using it. I actually bought it to use with an international carrier's SIM card while studying abroad. I got cell service, but the entire time I was unable to pick up ANY DATA. And when I tried to call my parents (as I'm a student living in a foreign country, knowing no one) the phone just shuts itself off FIVE TIMES in a 10 minute conversation.Some apps just would never work right, though on other phones people had no problems.I was forced to return it when the sound just stopped working completely. The phone wasn't even three weeks old and the sound just BROKE. So obviously I couldn't keep making excuses to keep the phone, I had to return it. What a waste of time and money.When I finally went out to the local (UK) shops to buy a new phone, every shop I went into said they don't carry LG phones because of the problems with them. That says something!DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.It was quite lovely, I would have really loved it if only it didn't shut itself off CONSTANTLY, drop my calls, refuse to pick up any internet, and the sound worked.Do not go through the hassle of buying this phone. It is too good to be true, and you WILL return it.

For the price, I can't complaint about much really. ~150 USD WindowsPhone7 is a steal. Upgraded to version 7.5 right away after installing Zune and connecting phone to PC. loads of useful applications found and downloaded, and afterwords purchased a few, that i really liked, for full functionality. The only problem i have is using it with Bluetooth built into Pioneer DEH-P8400BH: phone connects, recognized, can receive calls through Pioneer, and I can hear the person on the other end of the line through car speakers, BUT they can't hear me. This same car stereo works fine with my other phones. unless there's a trick to it, i believe C900 and Pioneer are incompatible! Otherwise i like everything about it. Solidly build, QWERTY keyboard works better for me than on-screen keyboard, screen is good, camera will do it, no problems with sound. For the price this is the best phone out there in my opinion. My next choice up would be Focus Flash.

For me, this phone is a replacement to the AT&T; Go Phone LG Thrive. Both phones are LG brand; both are AT&T; carrier, at least originally, even though the Quantum is listed as unlocked.As such, it was just a question of taking the SIM card out of the Thrive and putting it in the Quantum. I charged up the battery on the Quantum, turned it on, and after initial setup was good to go, no problems whatsoever.After a day of working with it to get familiar, I can safely say that the Quantum is a vast improvement over the Thrive, at least for me. It's not cutting edge, by any means, but it's faster and more robust by far than what I had.I'm quite happy with the move from Android 2.2 to WP7.5; the phone is responsive, the screen is sharp, and the hardware keyboard is the best I have used at any price on any phone. It synchronized my Google, Facebook, and SkyDrive, and the Windows Phone Marketplace has enough apps available at this point to make it very useful social and casual entertainment resource, as well as good phone. The XBox Music/XBox Live/Zune integration is an interesting counterpoint to the Apple App Store-iTunes/Google Play offerings; I'm surprised that Microsoft hasn't gotten more marketing traction out of that.All in all, I'm very pleased. This is one of the best &lt;$100 electronics hardware purchases I've ever made.

This phone is an absolute joy to use!!! Not only is the operating system (Windows Phone OS) absolutely incredible, but the hardware of the phone itself is very high quality! A little heavy because of the physical keyboard, but that doesn't bother me at all!The only possible issue is that when I received the phone it didn't come with a micro usb cable to plug into the computer, but nowhere on the product description does it say that it comes with one, so I don't feel cheated. (especially at the price I bought the whole thing for!) I bought one quickly at Best Buy and it worked perfectly!Definitely, if you're looking for an incredible phone especially with a physical keyboard, get this one! I have NO problems with it! It's SUPER fun to use!

I order this phone thinking it was new since it had been describe as new, but the phone was not new it had signs of being used. I also had a problem with the battery. when the battery died completely; sometimes i had to take the battery out and than put it back in order for it to recharge... Something is definably wrong with this phone am returning it back getting an different phone... Very dissatisfy with the phone. On the other hand i do have to say that i like the Windows OS the problem for me was the HARDWARE...

Just one single reason why not to buy this phone, weak signal reception. When other phones have 5 towers this hardly picks up 2.So inside buildings its very difficult to get any signal. Whats the use of a smart phone which doesn't do the basic thing its meant for.

The keyboard has really been helpful, especially for texting since I do a lot of texting. It runs Windows Phone well so I've been pleased with it. Windows Phone is also great so I would recommend this phone for anyone who is interested in trying out Windows Phone.

Ordered phone from Blutekusa.  Came very quick and while I was worried about the New condition from other posts this phone came brand new and factory sealed just as they stated.  It has a nice back cover too that snaps on in an interesting way that I can imagine the knock-offs get wrong.So far my only Cons I wouldn't even consider Cons, but areas of improvement (Updated a couple 1/19/2012 after using the phone longer):- Even though the latest Windows updates enabled it, LG hasn't turned on Hidden Wifi Access Point support, so you will need a named wireless connection for that.- Zune is needed for everything. (Including updates, no OTA Updating)  It is almost a 400MB download of which the first 100MB+ file was useless and just downloaded the other.  It also only installs on WinXP SP3/Vista/Win7, so pretty limited.  There is a registry tweak for the USB driver to make the Storage location visible, but while I was able to see it the phone appears twice in Explorer, shows storage and available space, and won't copy anything to it.  I also had to remove the registry tweak that didn't work to make Zune function again which the article never mentioned.- Phone supports HSDPA up to 7Mb download, but I only get 100K-1M even after tweaking things with the hidden MFG app.  Others mention seeing the H icon too while mine only shows E and 3G. After playing with it forever and contacting LG and ATT I've just determined the phone to be defective since the MFG app even shows the module for HSDPA as inactive.- Keyboard is great, but the button for space is made with 2 contacts under it which clicks weird...sometimes even a second click is felt.  It has never typed two spaces, but it does feel weird.  The Shift and Fn buttons are a little hard to press as others mention, but not a deal breaker.- Discovered today that I'm unable to submit files in web forms, so uploading photos and such are out of the question.Pros:Phone works great.  I have yet to have it crash or freeze.  First thing you need to do is get your MFG app enabled and remove the ATT-US link so you get updates ATT isn't releasing...I didn't do this until the end and got the last update they didn't deploy now.  Doing this in the beginning could have enabled Hidden Wifi, but untested.  You can Developer unlock while in there for further capabilities too.  I'm somewhat in agreement that it isn't 100% unlocked since I had to do this plus the fact that it has ATT Apps and Box.  The latest Windows updates are nice.  First phone I've had that actually reads me my SMS over the Bluetooth in my car and lets me reply with speaking.  Live tiles are pretty cool and the Facebook integration works pretty well without even needing Facebook.  They did a good job on the animations and talking Caller ID options too compared to other offerings.  All the ports and buttons are right where they need to be too.The apps may be limited, but it has what I need and I can develop more. Netflix plays well and loud with the speaker too.  It actually has 100% working IMAP Email which my Motorola Android devices didn't. (Only complaint is it puts deleted emails in a new Deleted Items folder instead of using Trash, but it works so no complaints)  I was also able to sync with my Google account and link Contacts, Calendars, Emails, etc.  There is also built in phone locating via GPS or remote ringing, plus remote wipe/kill.  While Android and iPhone are suing each other, Microsoft is going to take over.  I was originally disappointed with the way they ditched Win Mobile, but they did good with the replacement.  When updating it identifies the device as a Zune Win Mobile device too, so it appears it is nothing more than Win Mobile running Silverlight.  Which is funny considering Win Mobile runs on Win CE, so you have 3 layers now.In closing, if you want a phone that while limited does what a phone is meant to do and works get this.  If you like to do tweaking all the time and put up with issues or things not working get an Android.  If you want a phone that works one way, has no options or customization, plenty of apps, and no keyboard get an iPhone (They are actually the same size of screen, so the Quantum is like an iPhone with keyboard and options).

it was a gift for my little bro who did well in his exams and he really loves the phone. cant seam to be a minute away from his phone

Bought as replacement phone , it easy to use and works well for texting . The sliding out key board makes it easy to text. not too bulky.

I recomend this product 'cause the operacional system Windows phone is amazing, i love it!But this cellphone is too heavy

The phone is heavier than I thought it would be. Overall it is a very good product that I would recommend.

We were very specific in our order as to what carrier we needed to be compatible with and we received a phone that was compatible with another carrier. We were told that it should be unlocked but it was not we tried many different ways to unlock the phone. The seller did provide us with a code that was supposed to unlock it but it did not and in the end the seller told us to take it to our carrier and they should help us but they could not help since they did not issue the phone to begin with and they too tried everything they knew to get it unlocked but nothing worked. So we are stuck with a phone that is useless.We won't be ordering from here again.

The phone seems to work okay but the number of Apps is limited. Several of the Apps I need to use are not available.

I was skeptical about buying an unlocked smartphone but the phone has worked flawlessly. We wanted a smartphone for our teenage son, but didn't want the expensive data plans required to receive a smartphone with a contract plan. Signing up for a monthly / pay-go plan, while economical, you must deal with the el-cheapo bundled phones. We found the cheapest pay-go bundle through t-mobile, tossed that phone, dropped the sim in this phone and like magic, everything worked great. The WIFI on this phone works great, and with wifi almost everywhere, who needs to fork over the 30/month for a data plan. So pair this with a low cost monthly plan, use the wifi, and get a smartphone experience for not much money. The phone itself is quite nice. It runs the windows OS perfectly. Everything is very fast. The GPS, weather apps, and resolution in general is great. Much better than my Blackberry Torch.  Windows mobile has come along way. The updates from MS have worked fine but take forever. Plan on loading zune and spending 3 hours getting the newest updates and patches. In a nutshell, great phone, not to big, great screen and smartphone experience. Highly recommend.

Delivered fine, I chose free shipping and it was shipped by Amazon, Seller: Open Group Wireless. It appears to be a U.S. Model and not overseas.- Inserted only the battery and charged for 3 hours for a full charged as stated from instructions.- I turned on phone and all functions worked well including wi-fi though youtube videos did not play.- You have to use 'Zune' to transfer music, videos, photos and to update the phone.- I installed 'Zune' and plugged phone into computer via USB.- In Zune, I selected the 'phone icon' and update.  It took 1 1/2 hours to update. The update was without error and the phone is now updated to "Mango", Windows 7.5.  ((I read there is another update, Windows 7.5 refresh to be released the summer of 2012)).- I tested the phone after the update, all worked well and playing youtube videos works now. (note: I've only used the phone for about 3days so far. I am not a heavy texter or talker, just use the phone to be accesible to my kids and husband. I purchased a "wi-fi" phone to keep me occupied for times when I have to wait for awhile.)- I inserted the sim, networked locked. I was kinda freaked but recalled another experience of an unlocked phone I had purchaced for my spouse. The first phone, GarminAsus, I inserted the sim and the networked was locked. I took out the sim and installed it 4 different ways/times. I guess the way a sim card is inserted varies among different phones, it worked. So with this LG quantum, I took out my sim and reinserted in a different way: The phone works and now able to make calls.To avoid Data charges I :* Under settings:CELLULAR- turned off dataPHONE UPDATE: disabled data connecton for update notificatons.WI-FI: I turned on and connected to my home wi-fi network to browse. (Disable to save battery)* Also, if you press without releasing the icons, you're given the option to: Pin to start or uninstall. I uninstalled the ATT links.* I find this only works with a wi-fi connection:Holding down the windows button prompts the ability to give a verbal command. As to say, "Text John Doe" then you tell it what to type and it does. Or you can tell it to look up something on the internet.***** I cannot compare this product to other smart phones, for this is my first.  I have been using the same flip phone for YEARS! I hope this phone will work well for a few years too. A Free smart phone from my carrier  requires a minimum of $15 dollars extra a month for a data plan. So $15 x 12 months x 2 years =  $360. Sure there is insurance to purchase in case you damage the phone but thats about $5 month x's 12 months x 2 years= $120.  I purchased this phone for 152 and chose free shipping, that's money saved (even if this phone gives out within a year and I have to purchase another). Crossing my fingers this phone will last me a few years. It's just been 3 days of owning this phone....(((Disclaimer: this is my review of my experience of this product and yours could be different)))-just found out windows mobile does not support flash

This phone is much easier to use, less messy. Beautiful & brilliant UI!Love the live tile. I don't need to click on apps to get information like weather and stocks. The tile shows the information I need. No more wasting time to open apps.Also love the camera bottom feature, I don't know the name of it. This great feature. You just need to hold the camera button for few seconds and let you take picture even phone is locked. I took great shots of my kids. :) (Taking great picture is not about camera spec, be there at light moment. This phone allows me to take picutre in 5 sec. LOVE it) Oh BTW, picture quality is VERY good outside, OK inside. well, low light condition even my Nikon DSR need decent lens, so I do not expect too much there.There are many other other features that I like, but LOVE the Live tile and camera features.This is VERY solid phone! I recommend this phone to anyone. People who loves advanced HW spec may want to go with Android. There are great Andorid phones out there, but I think this phone serves me better for my life style.

This phone is a good windows phone with windows 7 experience. I was able to upgrade this phone to window 7.5.It has got good storage of over 14 GB. But, it is too heavy phone made up of metallic panels.For the first time users of windows phone, it is a good learning experience.

After a lot of research I bought this phone because it has excellent SAR ratings- one of the lowest on the market.  I wanted to use it on Consumer Cellular's network (they use AT&T towers) and since it was an AT&T phone- I thought it would work great.  However, all I could do was actual calling: no texting or internet.  I loved the heft of the phone and I liked some of its features. It was my first experience with a Windows Phone and I think I would have loved it if I could have gotten it to work. However, I never could get to a menu to change the MMS/SMS settings.  So after hours and hours of searching online trying to figure out how to utilize all the features, I'm sending it back.  My phone seemed to be new, as described.  It arrived in a timely fashion, great condition- but the menu was in Italian.  The customer service at LG talked me through getting it switched to English, but there were still some things that were always in Italian.  That somewhat annoyed me but wouldn't have caused me to send it back had I been able to use all the features.  So if you are a Consumer Cellular customer- DON'T GET THIS PHONE- UNLESS all you want is a phone with low SAR ratings to make phone calls only.

This phone was a Disappointment, I bought this from OEM Planet and tried the T mobile sim card and it kept asking for the pin code.Do not buy this item its locked for AT&T; sim cards, I just turned mine back.update 2/19/2012Bought it again from  BLUTEKUSA this time and it was great, came with the original package and worked with T-mobile SIM card.

I had two of these phones... il explain lol. i loved this phone androids are a pain this phone was simple and the camera for the time was and still is amazing. after i got familiar with how its intergrated in the stores and email and so on, so the first one i had a year and  the camera button was shorting out i got it wet. The camera buttons are known to have problems in these phones anyways. but the real problem is how the phone does a cold boot.. hmmm u must be wondering so far. if you hold the power button and the camera button down for so long on this phone it will cold boot which pretty much wipes all personal data on the phone i lost some pics but not all thanks the the sync center on zune. same thing happened to the second one i bought so the advice is if u have this phone keep your files backed up frequently with zune and don't answer calls wile your taking a shower with wet hands lol and don't hold power and camera button down at the same time. for those with there life on there phone it will end in ruffly ten seconds by doing this lol might have been 5 not sure. if they made a waterproof quantum i would be all over it i still like the windows 7 mobile dont really care for new stuff. theres a point were you a phone to do so much this phone was it one of the best i had tuff phone. it could take drop after drop a solid phone with the gorilla glass. the screen on this phone at first feels real small. it kinda is. but the fastest phone ive ever texted on personally and i wasn't a heavy user so i would get a day and a half out the battery

This phone doesn't support most apps. Took to ATT store and said to get an android and phone sucks! Did returen this phone and continue 2 use my old pantech which is 2x better!

I bought this for my wife as a replacement to a troublesome Nokia.  I was worried after reading recent reviews about it not being unlocked.  Thankfully I had no problem and phone works well on a T-Mobile network.  Before using the phone I updated all the software for the phone.  This took at least 90 minutes.  It updated to Windows 7.5.  I had to also install Zune software on my PC in order to update the phone and copy over music and photos.We have T-Mobile and the phone is set up for ATT.  It is annoying that the ATT options are still on the menu.  Can't get rid of them.  I was surprised by the weight of the phone, a lot heavier than an i-phone, but then it cost 75% less.My wife uses the text option the most, so the slide-out keyboard is a very handy option.So far this phone is working great.

Received the product on time. Phone works well. Great service. Keyboard on this thing is a joy to use. Although the extra bulk does make a difference. Buy this only if the physical keyboard is must for you. Otherwise the virtual keyboard on Windows Phone 7 is amazing and you should check Samsung Focus or other phones if physical keypad is not a factor for you. Very much satisfied with the phone on first impressions.

Really nice phone... thought it would be great for the price.  Bought the phone to use with at&t straight talk... it worked but found out that Microsoft removed the mms settings icon so I was unable to send or receive picture messages. I also found that I was unable to transfer my contacts from my old phone through Bluetooth or any other method.  Do not buy this phone!!!

This phone starts freeze up from day two in use. I thought it was just a misapt but this problem presist, thats why I had to return it.

its peace of shit,,,i just got this and put my sim card on it ,and shows that it works only 10 min.after this time got stock,,nothing show's,only LG is shown on screen...tryed to many times to start again ,but it was worthles,,,well people dont buy this shit its for nothing ,,,just kid toy......

Phone hangs up on people alot and loses service. I get automatic text messages from people that I know. They think I have hung up on them. i don't like this phone.

I had a very bad experience with LG customer support. The phone just stopped working shortly after it was purchased. It was new and within warranty. They refused to repair without charge. This phone was well cared for no drops no spills. They claimed we had damaged it somehow. There was no way to challenge or argue their conclusion. Couldn't talk to the tech that made the determination.Either they have a very fragile poorly constructed product or terrible support either way I won't knowingly buy an LG product in the future.

Met my expectations, all specifications were as I saw on the internet, so far I have not encountered any problems.

LG Quantum C900 Unlocked Phone with Windows 7, QWERTY Keyboard and 5 MP Camera - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - BlackWhat a dissapointment and a waste of time and money!  Phone was locked although it was advertised as an unlocked phone.  No success getting any assistance from vendor, OEM Planet!  Absolutely no customer service.  In addition, they blamed Amazon who in turn blamed OEM Planet for sending a locked phone.  No assistance from Amazon either.  Got the unlocked code from ATT and the directions did not match the prompt from the LG phone.  Instead of asking for the unlock code, I asked for the PUK code.  Apparently, if you entered the wrong number 5 times, the phone is permanently locked for ATT.  What a shame because although I had the unlocked code, I could not unlock it.  Maybe the phone was already returned from another customer and I was given a second hand phone?  In any case, I am the victim of fasle advertisement - this phone is NOT unlocked.  Shame on Amazon and OEM Planet for providing the wrong item to customers and not resolving this issue in a acceptable manner - apparently, I am not the first one and the product is still in the market.  Do yourself a favor, do not purchase from OEM Planet.  I would have hoped that Amazon would have done the right thing and investigate other's claims and remove that item from their website.  This would have avoided others to have such a bad experience.

The phone was brand new in the AT&T box , with everything included . Amazing deal . Phone was UNLOCKED . and very pleased with the phone.

You have made me a very happy customer! I received the item with fast shipping and without any hassle! The ATT Quantum C900, is a remote control phone, that lets you turn on your TV, radio, and even your laptop with it! The bad part about this phone is, it doesn't come with a microSD memory card slot to use a memory card ship into it and down load pictures from the internet! Other than that, I strongly recommend people to keep buying from this seller!

A great option for a pay as you go plan.  You get a nice phone and pay a lot less.

This phone is buggy, it constantly restarts on its own and the screen will turn itself on and drain the battery dry. I've tried using it with and without the latest software update and it always behaves the same.

The phone was advertised as unlocked but it wasn't completely unlocked because I wasn't able to get or send picture texts or group messages.The seller did give me a full refund when it was returned.

Maybe it is better if used with AT&T;, but just minimal when used with Consumer Cellular.WIFI works now and then, even when right next to my router, and my Wi-FiCan' t send photos via mms, although C C has tried to set my network to do so.So, here I have a phone that I paid more for, because of the 5 MP camera, and Wi-Fi, and both are either iffy or non existent.So, save yourself some money if you are using it with a network other than AT&T;, and get the less expensive model.I thought it would be ok because Consumer Cellular uses the same network as AT&T;.

The battery died within a week. I ordered the phone was in the middle of a conversation and the battery DIED!!!! Do not purchase.

Good quality and pretty cheap. Not many apps though. Phone came unlocked but the back cover doesn't fit properly and the hinge is kind of loose. Not sure if brand new.

I really like this phone most of the time.  It is fast, easy to use, and the keyboard is great, but it drops calls sometimes.

I have to say I'm extremely impressed with this phone, I was having second doubts whether or not to purchase it but it was the right decision. Microsoft got everything right about this phone, it's very fun, innovative and user friendly.Even though this might be the cheapest Windows Phone, it's a bargain for what you're getting. LG also made a nice design with the Qwerty keyboard.I'd recommend this 100%.

I loved my old WP7, I had a Samsung Focus Flash. However, my daughter shattered the screen on the phone and it stopped working, so I purchased this as a cheap replacement.This phone is such a piece of junk.First of all, it isn't unlocked, as it clearly states in the title. I contacted the seller who told me that the phone is "GUARANTEED" to be unlocked. It isn't. I was planning on using SIMple Mobile SIM card for this phone and canceling my AT&T; plan. However, the SIMple card wouldn't work, and I have been forced to continue with AT&T; for the time being.Seller, can I please have the UNLOCK CODE?!Secondly, this phone is so buggy. After connecting to Zune on my computer and waiting over an hour for the Mango update to install, it didn't fix all the issues.The most annoying of the various bugs, which seems to be the phone itself, not the OS, is that the touch screen will freeze and become completely unresponsive. You can't power the phone down to reset it, because in order to do so you have to simultaneously hold down on the power button and swipe the screen down..but if the screen is frozen you can't do that, so the only way to fix it is to take your phone case off, pry off the back of the phone (which is a PAIN IN THE BUTT. Ladies, I hope you don't value your fingernails, because you'll lose them trying to take this phone apart.) and remove the battery.This happens to me at least twice a week.This phone is really heavy. It feels like a paper weight in my purse.All in all, I would NOT recommend this device. WP7 is great in my opinion, but spend a little more money and get a decent phone. This one just doesn't cut it.

Seller: Phone Ect.This phone came in PERFECT. There were new stickers on the front and back, and keyboard. The box it came in was a bit roughed up, but for being a 2yr old phone, it's not a surprise. Battery is working and juiced, came with charge cable, travel USB wall adapter, and headphones, all bagged and tagged. You don't have to have a SIM card to activate it, or even be connected to WiFi. You can uninstall the pre-loaded AT&T; apps, I did already. If your worried about the condition of the phone, ease of starting up, ect, you can relax. I stressed myself out with all the mixed reviews, but it came in perfectly new and just as expected. Glad I got it when I did, I paid $108 and it arrived two days after shipping (left from Vegas to San Diego.)

Honestly, this product is overall a very good product. It's very fast, has a pretty decent camera, and Microsoft Office is a Blast! The reason why I rated this as a 1/5 stars is because I found that the buyer I bought it from stated it as a "new" device, when in reality it was a used device. I know this because after a month of using it, my battery went completely dead! (Luckily), At&t had taken the phone but told me that the phone had made 2,600 calls, sent 12,000 text messages, and that the battery was more than 2 years old! So the bad rating for this product was not because it was a crappy product, (because this phone is a good product), but because of the seller. All I'm suggesting is to Procede with CAUTION!

The worst mobile ever, and it is not new as mentionedit comes with a chines loose back cover (not its original cover), a strange kind of battery ( not the original one), strange packaging even the mobile is not fitting inside the package, and it is locked and has this loop of Bin and Puk code

I tried to turn Wi-Fi on - devise frozen. I did the same with Bluetooth - failed.Device also failed to recognize  my SIM (not just AT&T;).I wasted 220$ for brick.

I bought this brand new in box and it is sad it freezes very often . It came with windows os 7.5 mango pre-installed. The issue started in just about 48hours of usage. Apart from that it is a nice phone when all is working well.

Wanted this phone because it seemed to be the best combination of smart phone with slide out keyboard.  Everything worked on it except MMS messaging - a feature I use continually.  It seems that Microsoft no longer supports Windows 7 phones so I had to return it.  This is a windows phone (and not android) and your support options are VERY limited.  Beware!

This is the third Lg Quantum C900 I have had.  The first one I had 2 years and then would not charge.  I liked the phone so much, I wanted another one.  The second one I ordered I had 5 months and it decided not to dial out.  Texts were ok, data ok, but would not make calls or receive calls.  So, I took a chance on another, I have had it less than a month and it wont charge.  Hopefully they will make good on it.  You decide.

I just received my LG QUANTUM from BUYING IT store fullfilled by Amazon. The phone comes brand new, box sealed, phone is unlocked and perfectly working in my Colombian carrier CLARO COLOMBIA. Amazing, I have to say I almost give up as I read previous reviews but I bet on this seller and I was not dissapointed. I am now happy with my phone, it is already updated with windows phone 7.5.

I liked this phone right away, it's my first smart phone. It worked without a problem after inserting my SIM card. I'm with Consumer Cellular so I was worried if everything would function properly, but since they are on AT&T;'s network I was hopeful. Well the problem started when I tried to sync Outlook - it does NOT work. After a little investigating I discovered it will never work unless I purchase a program or app. (Some sort of cloud combo thing with Windows Live. Idk, too confusing) Absurd I thought, this is a Windows phone, Outlook is a Windows program! How can it not function?! Really stupid. BUT, I figured out I could go into the Outlook webmail via my service providers network and forward my email to my Hotmail acct. Now all my work email goes to my Hotmail acct, problem solved but annoying having double emails.Next problem I came across - equally as big - NO Data Connection on the 3G network! One of my main criteria in a smart phone was having a GPS capability, now what?! I dug and dug for many days on the internet, called my phone carrier (several times), called LG (several times), called the amazon seller - no help at all. In fact Consumer Cellular kept blaming LG, and LG kept blaming CC - so frustrating. Well I was just about to give up and start the return process with amazon when I decided to do one more internet search session. I came across this forum and tried again what someone had done with the same issue.  You have to go into MFG menu (there are a lot of other setting options in there that LG didn't even tell me about) and change the SDA setting to enable.I still can't get the MMS to work so no picture sending, but I figure I can just do that via email or facebook. Another work around that's annoying, but not a big deal to me but I know it is a big deal for some. I also agree the apps selection is not great, but again not a big deal for me. Also agree the on/off button and volume button are awkward, as well as the tiny function and shift key on the qwerty board. The Qwerty was a must for me and is almost too roomy at first, but I'm used to it now. So because it's roomy, why are the function/shift keys so tiny? The camera is nice, with a flash to boot.So for now I am satisfied with all this phone has to offer, but wish it wasn't so stressful and time consuming to make it all work correctly for me.*After having this phone for a couple months now I've decided I'm really annoyed with this phone, too many things that should work better/easier. My time is just too valuable for all this nonsense, and I expected a lot more from a Windows and LG product.

This phone appears to be still locked. When I insert a T-Mobile SIM I get the following error message: "This SIM card can only be used on specific networks. Contact your customer service center for the unlock code." I am very dissappointed with what appears to be false advertising.

This phone just went COMPLETELY dead after less than a month (purchased Nov 23rd, received Nov 24th and died December 17th) for NO apparent reason... phone treat with care and just completely dead?!  I am hoping I can receive a refund.

excelent phone with winphone 7.5 upgrade to 7.8.  good performance but not have flash,pross ,, SO, internal memory ,contra :  flash camara, not have sd

Many people already stated that, so I'll keep it brief... The phone comes indeed with aftermarket battery and cover and the cover fits so-so. There are some signs of use, it could be from the unlocking process but it could also be a refurbished unit, although mine works perfectly so far. the phone itself is well constructed but VERY heavy and bulky, and the screen is smaller than the iPhone one, I can say way too small if you consider that the Windows Phone average font size is ridiculously small. Buttons are tiny and recessed making them really hard to use. Comes with WP 7.0 and I could easily upgrade to Mango (WP 7.5).

Build Quality: Great. The battery door is a nice reassuring piece of metal. This is probably one of the few times I've ever seen LG put some metal on the exterior of their phone. The screen doesn't look as easing as it doesn't feel like super-high quality glass, though the screen itself is magnificent. The keyboard mechanism has a solid open and close sound and feels like it won't slide off its rails. The phone is quite heavy and it might be a bit too heavy but a good portion of the weight makes me feel safe it won't be destroyed easily.Screen: It's clear, bright and vibrant. This screen shows some of the best color ever for a LCD screen. The reds, oranges, etc. look amazing and rich. It's quite responsive, more so than my Zune HD. The screen feels nonabrasive.Camera: It's ok. Clearly not the best here by any means. The photos have much detail but color reproduction is off. I find myself having to use the built-in(Mango 7.5 only) auto-fix option to at least make the pictures look good. For a 5MP camera in 2012, it's sub-par. The Samsung Focus is supposedly even better. Also, flash does a good job at lighting the image up but it's not blisteringly bright.Sound: The phone has ok sound. The speaker phone distorts slightly at the top end of the volume and isn't recommended for anything serious. The headphone output is actually very good. It pumps out stronger and deeper bass and volume overall than the Zune HD which for many songs I have to put it to the max volume to hear it well. For this phone, around 20 or 19/30.Buttons: I kind of dislike them as they are flush to the surface, nearly. The volume rocker is too thin and has little travel. The Windows key is the only good physical key (back and search are touch-sensitive). Camera key is a little small and needs to jut out a little more and be wider for it to be a perfect 2 stage camera key.The power button is in an ok position(i would like it on the right-hand side) and again is too flush.Battery: The battery is a pretty sizable at 1500 mAh. The battery lasts for a while. It is better than the Blackberry I used to have.Call quality: Tones are very nice and strong. The speaker phone is nice and loud. The phone locks on to AT&T;'s network really quickly and has very strong reception. I also heard this phone has very low radiation emitting from it.

i really want to buy this phone but does it work for t-mobile????please can someone post another review i need to know asap!

I purchased this phone from BLUTEKUSA (fulfilled by Amazon), and it indeed came unlocked. I'm currently using it with T-Mobile, though it might be worth mentioning that 3G data isn't available when using this phone with said carrier since the 3G radio works on AT&T;'s frequencies. To be more concise: if you're using this phone with T-Mobile, you're stuck on EDGE. This isn't a problem for me, since most of my browsing takes place on Wi-Fi networks, with the carrier's data plan being used almost solely for the occassional email.I'm very impressed with Windows Phone -- I purchased this phone as my introduction to the OS -- which runs smoothly even on the lower-end specs that this phone boasts (particularly 256M of RAM). The OS is friendly, and my subjective perception of its performance is similar to that of the much higher-spec'd iPhones that family members have. Yes, they have some Apps that I'd like, but that's the price for going with the underdog... I particularly love the way the back button works in the OS and the apps, and was frustrated by the lack of it while setting up company email on coworkers' Android phones the other day. You can get spoiled pretty quickly.The camera takes decent pictures, good enough for the touristy-type photos that I actually take. Someone with an interest in photography might not be impressed; I don't know. For my casual needs it works just fine.I've never been interested in slide-out keyboards -- they always seemed pointless and kind of silly looking to me -- but I have to admit that it actually is convenient when using Word in landscape mode. In fact, now it's probably going to be disappointing when I upgrade and the choices with landscape keyboards turn out to be limited.All in all, I'm very impressed with this phone. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a budget-friendly smartphone without getting tied down in a contract. Here's to hoping LG decides to make some more Windows Phones!** CORRECTION **The phone actually has 512 megabytes of RAM. I mentioned 256 above, and I don't know where I got that number from. This was verified by creating a simple app that called DeviceStatus.DeviceTotalMemory, which returned a result just over 500 million bytes. So it's really not a bad deal for the price!

I purchased this phone for my 75 year old mother...she likes it very much...and has started to use the various features. Nice phone!

I recently purchased an unlocked version from BlutekUSA, it came unlocked, but what I didn't know was that it wasn't PERMANTELY (ispelleditwrong) unlocked. So when I shut the phone off, and turned it on, it was locked again. I was very pissed, but I should have known better to research further into it. SO I am telling you now, it is not a permantely unlocked phone. So what I did was I went to an asian store and unlocked it permantely for 30 dollars. And it worked. I tried codes online but it didn't work.What I am also disappointed about is that it doesn't have picture messaging, which means i don't get pictures and I don't send pictures. but i can still take them! Trying to get that figured out with T-mobile.But everything else looks great, nice camera, nice layout, nice keyboard.You can ask me questions.

Inserted tmobile sim. phone asking for unlock code.This looks like a att phone since it had the default att app preloaded on the main menu.Beware!!

xda developers were at the forefront of making WinPhone a great platform to experiment with and it was possible with this phone. Great launch device from Samsung.

IT was advertised really well and the features on it was inviting but the phone was not unlocked as was advertised. Had to pay a fortune to get it flashed. Also the phone screen was selecting it self, calling random persons and selecting apps i didnt wanted. I really dont like how this phone worked.

It is a great phone with apps ability. The mms settings for most t-mobile areas minus CA/NV (I am CA) is as below.Here is what worked for me:1. using call mode press ##634# takes you a prompt where you will enter 277634#*# and enter2. press "Engineer menu", then "other settings",  then "set network profiles"3. for t-mobile MCC:310 and press find4. find file tmu_us_310_230_eng.xml and touch it.If this does not work go one by one on each file until you find one that works for your region for t-mobile.If on another network then look up which is the MCC for that and do the same.Hope this helps, took me many hours of work to figure this out.Alany HelmantolerOtherWhile this works for some people, it does not work for meMMS Settings:1. Select Menu2. Select Messages3. Select Settings4. Select Multimedia Messages.5. Select Profiles6. Select Create7. Profile name: T-Mobile MMS8. Access Name: epc.tmobile.com9. Auth Type: Normal10. Homepage URL: [...]11. Proxy Address: Blank12. Linger Time: 30013. 13.Select Save.14. 14.Select T-Mobile MMS and Set to Default.Another[...]MMS Proxy:  216.155.165.50

Even though it was a used phone, it was in very good condition. The seller was great in their customer service and the way they wrap and ship the phone, for their I will give them 5 stars, but for this rating is for the phone. All the functions were unlocked and they work great, offcourse I had to unlocked the phone myself with the unlocked code provided by the seller. The only down fault with the cell phone, is that it gets to be a little overheated when I play games on it too long. Other then that, for the price it was a good choice for a used phone.

i want to buy this phone ,will it work with my sim card? i live in georgia tbilisi, in my country there is no att and t mobile

Just to let you know that this product works perfectly in Mexico with AMIGO (Pre-paid Mobile service) from TELCEL (Mexican Mobile carrier)

I am a Windows Phone user and fan. I have been using the Samsung Focus and loved it dearly (as much as you can for a phone, that is) so I was very disappointed when it broke just a couple of months before the new generation of phones came out. I bought the LG Quantum as a stop gap phone to try and and get me by until a pretty new Windows 8 phone came out.Pros:-Windows 7 (upgrade-able to 7.5) is really good-Build quality seems solidCons (for my particular phone):-Wouldn't charge 100%-Battery cover's prongs that kept it in place were broken so it never sat flush with the back-Speakers wouldn't work (so alarms and ringtones didn't work)-Keyboard was sluggish (Window's soft keyboard is WAY better)Windows is good, but I can't help but feel like I was shipped a used phone when nothing ever said it was going to be used. You'd be better off looking elsewhere and at higher quality Windows phones. Also, you probably won't use a slide out keyboard. It's way worse then the touch screen one. IMO.I returned mine and will figure out something else to get me by until Windows 8 Phones.

A GOOD DEAL.I GOT IT EARLIER THAN SCHEDULED. I AM CURRENTLY USING THE PHONE AND IT HAS SUPERB FEATURES.

never before had used as fast and fluid as this LG phone with windows phone honestly is amazing both screen and GREAT GREAT GREAT SHINE definition, the colors in this small 3.5-inch screen are amazing, the sounds incredibly strong bosinas, amazing amazing camera and flash high gloss asobroso phone honestly use with the sliding keypad is amazing not occupy the touch screen keyboard and write better and more like the physical telcado, windows phone is amazing verdaeramente shame that the windows update phone sae 8.1 and basically forgot wndows phone 7.8 the only good they have done since leaving the wp 8.1 upgrade was the rest whatsapp wp 7.8 is totally and completely forgotten,

it didnt even work  was just stuck frozen on the first scrren during start up and seller is very hard to get ahold of.

When I bought this phone I absolutely LOVED it! It was everything I wanted in a SMART phone and more until...it CRASHED! I was simply online and the phone went blank with nothing but the LG logo.  I sent it back to LG, only to open it up when I received it back and it crashed AGAIN! Now I am waiting for the company to send me, yet another.  THIS PHONE WAS NOT WORTH ALL OF THIS HASSLE!

the lid is not such fit with the phone! i do not know why,it seems hard to close the lid perfectly.please contact me!!i love everything of iti just saw it in at&t;,and that store is in no stock for 2daysi cannot wait any more, and search heremore than 100 dollars less!!!i really love,though i have not quite known how to keep it silent when taking photos, how to get into wifi (i was asked to install something,but said windows cannot install exe.  ...),anyway i may find ways.

No matter what brand of phone, these phones definitely the most important thing is the OS. I tried Andriod and not for me, it seems to kids. Windows Phone is for the most demanding. Love the metro concept. From now on, my first choice in smathphones is Windows Phone. Love it!!!

Got these for my son and wife who both prefer slider phones.  We use them with Straight Talk (you order the sim) and were also able to update both them to windows phone 7.8 using a tool we found on wpcentral.com - so they are even more up to date than they would have been using the Zune updater. Since LG isn't going to update further, it's good to know you can get as current as possible and increased functionality.

I would not recommend this phone because it's very heavy and the Windows OS is very limited.Also I hated Apple for their Itunes, now I also hate Windows for their ZUNE.From now I buy only Androids ....The phone was bought on June 2012 for 150$.Low SAR = 0.35 .Works fine with Hot Mobile carrier in Israel as a phone, 3G functionality was not tested.3G APN settings are weird, I couldn't configure the phone to get the 3G data working.Great keyboard, but only in English even when you choose another language the input is still in English.Hebrew and Russian are displayed fine. No Hebrew UI.Was able to find on the internet and install unofficial Russian UI - works fine.The phone is very VERY heavy !The battery drains after 1 day only even with 3G and GPS set OFF.

This review is for both the quality and features of the phone, as well as for the actual phone itself as I received it from Amazon. Hopefully both will help you make your buying decision.The phone is very well built. It's the perfect size and also has a nice hefty weight to it. Some people might see that as a drawback I suppose, but I like it. It feels good and solid in your hand. The battery seems to hold a charge pretty well. Most smartphones are battery suckers and this one is probably no better or worse than the rest in that regard, but it's held up just fine for me so far. As for the Windows Phone OS, there are enough reviews on that elsewhere so I'm not going to go into that too much. I like it because I still have my e-mail through Hotmail (yes, I'm the one you heard about) and it also puts my Xbox Live account on there.The phone arrived quickly through Amazon, a day before it was scheduled to arrive even. Unboxing it was... interesting. For starters, the phone is advertised as "brand new" and the actual phone itself certainly is, but there are some oddities. For one, the box it came in wasn't the box for that phone. It was an LG box but the s/n on it was different. Once inside, it had all the proper doucmentation from LG and the phone itself looked to be factory sealed. If it had ever been removed from the box before, you could have fooled me. Not so much as a scratch or fingerprint anywhere. So that part is all good. The battery, however, is very obviously not a genuine LG battery. Anybody over the age of 8 could look at it and tell you it's a cheap Chinese knockoff. But it works fine (for now) so just take into account when you price this phone that you may be looking at buying a new battery sooner than later. Oddly enough, the battery door isn't an original LG either. It fits fine and in the end it's just a little piece of metal so who really cares, but clearly the "Windows Phone" text printed on the bottom is not in the proper font.So the bottom line for me is this: Great phone, I like it alot. Also a good buying experience from Amazon.** UPDATE ** Now that I've had the phone for a couple of weeks, I'd like to give an update on the Chinese knockoff battery. My wife has the HTC Trophy running the same version of Windows Phone as my LG. Last Saturday, we both just kinda hang around the house all day and neither one of us touched our phones at all. At the end of the day, hers showed the battery to be at around 85% or so but my LG was still at almost 100%. My daily usage has never drained the battery to below 60% yet either, so my verdict is that the battery seems to be performing just fine.

i bought this fone about 6 months ago. and i loved it from the start. it has a great battery life and really good wi-fi. i would suggest this fone to anyone who likes to have big keyboards for room to type and its great for surfing the web. although u cannot have a picture as your screen saver you can change the color of ur screen saver (which shown in the picture is blue). its a wonderful phone.a friend of mine had dropped hers into a creek and she went straight home and put it in a bag of rice. and in 24 hours later it was like it was new!!I WOULD RECAMEND THIS FONE TO ANYONE!!!!! its da bomb-diggity

Just what I was expecting!  Great Window's phone by LG!  For the price you can't beat it and the ease of access..
