
This phone is the worst one out there!  The battery life is horrid and hasn't even lasted 6 months; buy a better brand.

The phone specifically stated it was for the Cricket phone plan and when my grandson went to activate the phone with Cricket, they said the phone had been flashed to Verizon and could not be flashed back.  Is this the type of business Amazon deals with? Because if it is I will surely let others know of your deceit. I do not even want to give it any stars. You have purposely put out a product and lied about it!!!!!!!!  So now I do not know how to get the phone back to you because I had it sent to Colorado and I live in Kansas. I will not be doing business with you ever again!!!!! Thanks for giving my grandson a bogus gift that he cannot even use!!!!! Good job folks!!!!!! That was sarcasm by the way.........................................

Great Phone with he greatest OS, ANDROIDGreat Phone with he greatest OS, ANDROIDGreat Phone with he greatest OS, ANDROIDGreat Phone with he greatest OS, ANDROIDGreat Phone with he greatest OS, ANDROIDGreat Phone with he greatest OS, ANDROIDGreat Phone with he greatest OS, ANDROID

This phone was purchased for one of our daughters.  She is EXTREMELY happy with it.  So, we are giving it 5 stars.

Some have told me this phone is not worth buying and some told me it's real good. I have to say for myself that I love it, it's my first touch screen phone and I'm playing with it like a kid on Christmas day! lol

ITEM does not work well qnd I had to buy a new battery. Item turns off and on by it self.

Happy with purchase.got here fast .didn't have to deal with returning it. It's also cheaper to buy this phone here.other places its 30$ or more over price.

I purchased this phone about a month ago because after having a crappy wannabe blackberry kind of phone, I'd been dying to upgrade to a smartphone.  I work at Kmart and saw this one, the plan offered unlimited music downloads and ring tones, and unlimited 3g data, texting, and 1000 minutes of talk time for $55 a month.  It has a 800 Mhz processor, which is pretty good I think, havn't had many issues of it going slow.  It did freeze up when I was in the middle of playing a game that took up a lot of space, but normally it runs very smoothly.  The operating system is Android 2.3, and you can download all the apps from Google Play, which I love, there are so many to choose from.  I love that you can download all kinds of music on Muve Music, you can download whole albums if you want, and they have mainstream artists and underground artists, you'd be surprised how wide the selection is, anything I've searched for I could find and I listen to some pretty out there stuff. Also a great feature, I can play the music and close the application and text, or go online, or play certain apps and the music will keep playing, if a text comes in the music will pause for a second then continue.  The signal on Cricket works good, at least where I live, I pretty much always have a signal.  The apps are great too, I wanted to play old nintendo games on my phone and after downloading the app and the games it works great on this phone, no issues at all.  The 3g internet is great too, much easier to use facebook and google than on my old phone and I can go to youtube also.  You can read books on this thing you can watch movies, record video, it has gps....did I miss anything?  Oh yeah, it's red and black!  My favorite colors lol.  Lots of great features, now for the cons.This phone does tons of awesome stuff, and therefore it drains the battery like crazy, if you get online or play any games, don't expect the battery to last more than 8 hours, if you only text and keep it in your pocket all day, it'll last until that night...so that's extremely annoying.  Also something else that's annoying, and this is just my opinion, but texting on a touch screen drives me crazy sometimes, maybe I just haven't gotten used to it yet.  Also if you are somewhere where your data signal is weak or if the whole phone loses signal, for some reason the phone cuts off and then on again automatically...weird.  That's about it, except also for the fact that every now again if you are doing a ton of stuff on your phone it will freeze, but that wasn't a common occurence for me.So it has its strong and its weak suits, but I like this phone and I think I'm gonna stick with it and if you are in the market for an Android phone and don't wanna spend too much but don't want a piece of crap either I'd get this one, just wait for it to go on sale, I got mine at 69.99.

I'm going to make this review as clear as I can so that you serious researchers know what you're looking at. It's a very good phone, the Muve music is a very nice quality to have. This phone does require the $55 monthly plan, but I was aware of that before I bought it. It's just like any other Android phone (I've never had an Android before, but I've played around with a friends.) It can connect to the internet by WI-fi, or by the data plan. It shipped, and delivered, quicker than it was supposed to.There are a few issues with it, which I'll try to clear up for you. Firstly, after you've registered online, it instructs you to dial *228 on the phone to program it. A lot of people have had problems with this, as it says that it can't program. You need to keep calling that number until it programs. I had to call close to 20 times. I've read that this is an issue with Cricket's network, not the phone itself.After I got that sorted out, I realized that I couldn't call or text or anything. I had purchased the plan with the activation. I added another $55 to my account, and then it started working. Now I have an extra $55 on my account. I'm hoping they'll take that for my monthly payment instead of taking it right off my card.Another thing I noticed, is that MuveMusic will not work when the Wi-Fi is turned on. If your not connected to a network, the internet will not work either. When the Wi-Fi is on, your phone will try to connect by Wi-Fi, instead of your data plan. So it's probably best to leave the Wi-Fi off.I don't get very good service, most of the time the phone is at 2 bars, but no matter how low it gets, it doesn't seem to slow my connection down at all. The battery life is also painfully low. It seems that it takes longer to charge than it does to use up, but I plan on purchasing a backup battery for $10 on Amazon.There are just a few issues to work through, but if you get past them, it really is a nice phone. I'll be keeping this one. And the price is a great deal!EDIT:: I have decided that I will not be keeping it as a cell phone, as there are just too many disadvantages. I will be keeping it instead as a device similar to an I-pod touch, as in a mini computer. The Wi-Fi makes this worth it. It can be used as an MP3 as well. If you turn it off when you're not using it, it preserves the battery a little more. I will also root it, and download a Terminal Emulator from the marketplace, as I enjoy command line much more than GUI. As a side tip for all of you Android users, make sure you have some form of protection. I use Avast for Android. While this can't prevent all attacks, it's better than nothing.

I bought a phone from them. I called Cricket for help and questions about activation. I got nothing but a run around. I was told to activate it a named store, got no place with that. I returned the phone. Trying to get back months payment was impossible. Had to get it back from the bank after an investigation. They are not even registered with the BBB. All I can say is stay far away from them.. Very bad experience..

All I have to say is that I was extremely excited to get this phone. but was completely pissed off that it broke within 4 months of my purchase and it had only been dropped once by a friend and it wasn't a far fall. Also, the charger that came with it only worked for about a week so I had to come back on here to buy another charger separately. I left cricket after this being my 2nd or 3rd phone with them within only a years time. You may like it, I just know that it didn't work for me.

all i can say was it arrived and as soon as i tried to get it turned on through Cricket, we discovered it was broke.  Amazon did return money asap and we went into a store and bought it.  Once we did get another phone that worked my daughter loved it! The phone itself is a really good phone, just buying one from mail and then getting it broken is dissappointing.

I have had this phone for less than a year.  You can't see anything on the screen its so distorted. If I didnt know where the buttons were I would never be able to use it.  The coverage is terrible too.  Dont waste your money on this!

looking at this its one of the in the 100 to 200 dollar range its got a 800mhz processor and android gingerbread 2.3.4 that runs most everything on the android market.It runs on the sprint network which means unlimited data and text but terrible service if you dont live in the midwest or in a major city. The big problem is the battery that big processor sucks down the juice very fast key being buy an expanded battery for it if you use alot of data or applications talk time is really about six hours but its more like four if you play alot of games on it.Prosconductive touch screen (very responsive)big processor (800mhz)Android gingerbreadUnlimited dataFree subscription to music servicevery very affordableConsBattery lifeonly a 3.2 megapixel cameracricket via sprint(bad service outside of citys)

perfect really is all one can search an android. the camra is excellent, we really is all that anyone would wish to have, does not discriminate anything

I dropped mine and the screen shattered because I was too stupid and cheap to buy a protective case.  Cricket stopped selling the phone so I had to order it on here.  It was a little more pricey than it originally way but VERY WORTH every penny.  I also was an idiot.  It has some great features.  I always see people talking into their phones and it typing out what they say for text messages...I had the phone for probably 8 months and just realized this week I can do that too :)

Great phone but have to keep reprogramming it because the wifi keeps turning off and getting error messages.. Not sure if it's the phone or something else. The phone itself is great tho!

Too bad this phone comes with Cricket service. I switched from AT&T (NEVER had a problem with them) because this plan was less expensive. I have had nothing but problems with Cricket, their Customer Service is practically non-existant, and I actually had to contact the BBB to help get my issues resolved. Beyond that, I can barely make a call that Cricket doesn't drop (I live in the Phoenix, AZ area, so this is hardly some rural area with spotty coverage). Before purchasing this phone, I went to Cricket's website to ensure they had coverage for my area, which they indicated they did. Save yourself a lot of aggravation and avoid Cricket phone service.

The phone is beautiful and smart. However, this phone chould not insert SIM card!! Be careful when you buy it...

I've had this phone for almost a year now and for the most part, it's served me well enough, except for Cricket's spotty and slow coverage in my area (Chicago 60657). Cricket's 3G is very sluggish and unreliable and I wouldn't recommend it to someone who absolutely needs lightning fast coverage and the ability to make calls everywhere. I think the service problems have more to do with Cricket than the phone, so I can't dock the phone on that.It does occasionally spontaneously reboot, usually in my pocket on a hot day. This happens with every phone I've had. It's not the most capable phone, but for an entry-level Android, it's a huge step up from a 'dumb phone' and doesn't suffer from too many bugs. But there is one major problem with this phone that the product description fails to mention.There is ONLY 200mb of internal storage. In comparison, most smartphones have at least 1GB. I don't know who the genius was who thought 200mb would be enough for any smartphone, but it is a huge flaw. I currently only have 12mb free and can no longer update Google Maps, Facebook, or any other app stored internally because there is not sufficient storage available. Yes, there is 1GB available on the microSD card that comes with the phone, but only about half of the apps in the AppStore can install on the SD card. Most major apps require being installed on the phone itself and all apps install in the internal storage by default (you'll have to manually move the apps over to the SD card in the app settings, if it's even possible). MuveMusic by itself uses up 40mb of the 200mb and I still use the original FB app that came on the phone (as opposed to the memory-hogging newer versions). I don't really have many apps on my phone and it's already down to 12 mb. I still have plenty of SD card space, but unfortunately alot of apps can't use it.Had I known the problems that would arise from it's lack of internal storage, I would have bought a different phone. If the phone had 1 GB or even 500mb of internal storage, I would give it 4 or 5 stars. It's still a 3 star phone because it's the most reliable and capable phone I've had (minus Cricket's iffy network) and for less than 100$, a great value. Cricket's PayGo plan (now 50$/mo with unlimited minutes) is cheap and good for anyone who doesn't always need great coverage or fast data. Aside from it's huge flaw, it's a fine phone.As for Cricket, the company is fine as long as you don't run into any problems. Talking to their CSRs is somewhat difficult (mostly outsourced to foreign countries). And there's alot of disconnect between sectors (CSRs giving me different answers from Cricket store salespeople). The company has a bad rap with people who expect decent customer service. If you don't rely too much on talking to salespeople or customer support and can figure things out for yourself, Cricket is fine. If not, I'd suggest just spending the extra dough with a bigger company.Important numbers to remember:*729 to top-up and pay (and remember PayGo is prepay)*228 to reset/refresh network communications (do this with any phone problems prior to calling support)

This is a music lover's dream (free music), between the individual songs and whole albums, I downloaded over 500 of my favorites in just two days (would have been more but I do have a job). And oh yeah, forgot to mention this is an android phone too, I love all the functions and app's, facebook, twitter, etc. Long live unlimited Muve Music!!!

I love this phone. Works great no problems with it at all. i have dropped it 2 times already.. and still works like the day i got it.

It dies all the time. Even bought new battery. After awhile it says memory full, even after erasing all apps.

So much better than my last cell phone. I had a strait talk with the $45.00 a month unlimited and it was so lame compared to this phone. I can download as much music as I want plus have unlimited internet for $55.00 a month through Cricket minus sales tax and all. I love this phone. I can't even begin to list all the cool features, it would take to long. I'm thinking about getting one for my mom.

GoodReasonable design, good sound if you have a good set of headphones, lots of features, nice screen, good call quality and sound.Compatible good quality headphones.http://www.amazon.com/JVC-HAFR36B-Marshmallow-Headphones-Microphone/dp/B005FDOGK2/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1352935049&sr;=8-2&keywords;=jvc+hafr+36BadPoor battery life, sluggish performance with single core processor, very little internal memory - terrible for a company that makes it - sd card included in enough for apps only.GPS on this phone is aweful.  Samsung uses its own firmware with gpsd as opposed to gpsone from qualcomm which is already in-built and interfaceable.  Unfortuntely theres is no multi-mode support and is locked into network mode, Samsung have removed the interface to change this since gingerbread on all models.  This essentially means that you can only use gps while on the network not globally as it was designed for.  If youre lucky it will works once per boot or once every few hours as theres no hot start facility.  Unfortuntely this reduces the functionality of phone and many apps, especially google maps which has offline cache.I contacted samsung, unfortunately their first line support arnt technical at all.  They are only trained to throw rebuttals, to get you off the phone asap ' figure pleasing I guess.  After two attempts one guy even told me that my phones not supposed to work (I hadnt even told him it wasnt working) and if I didnt accept it he would put the phone down on me.  So i asked him what will you do if I accept it, eventually he put the phone down o)Eventually the phone was taken back and after a five weeks and two attempts (first time they didnt even look at it, instead fixing unrelated trivial issues) I got it back in worse condition.  Over a two week period the gps eventually failed.  This is because samsung uses cheap one axis spring connectors, and like anything on one axis that is spring loaded it eventually fails.  These appear to be in most of their phones and have a higher rate of failure than previous designs like antenna on board or plug in antennas, these are cheaper to put together and less material - cost saving essentially.  This applies to gps, bluetooth, wifi and cell service, at any time either of these could fail.  In my case they messed one up by opening it up - I could see some of the coating had come off probably where it was pushed down too hard.  With only about 6 parts in this phone you would think they would just replace the entire thing.  Its prohibitied to post external links but if you search around the internet you can find others with samsung models having the same problem.  In the end we soldered it ourselves.Most of their internet site relating to repairs doesnt seem to work either or there is  a lack of info, so you never know whats going on.I later lerned about the single mode system, so it was fruitless anyhow sending it back.  They didnt install these menus in the factory that were issing to change its mode, or even alter its mode.Additionally if you buy this phone now you will get EH29 build which has less gps functionality (fixed accuracy) and faulty orientation software.  So the compass and apps like google sky will stick and spin.  How can a newer build be worse than and older one is beyond me, may be they should rename this company Samsung Logic and call their products dumbphones o)The remainder of this product is tolerable but Samsung only assemble it.Samsung were good at 2g phones but apear to be out of their league with smartphones.I am not suggesting that Samsung are the only culprit as most of the smartphone business particularly android is dominated by far east businesses.  The quality of their products is inconsistent at best.  My advice is you should look beyond appearance, outlandish claims and colorful aadverts when slecting a smartphone.  If you just want to make calls, send txt you can get a 20usb device for this.Im so happy I didnt spend 500usd on one of their phones either directly or by virtue of a contract.  That will probably be my last samsung purchase too.  Incidentally LG uses gpsone and i have used other products of their before and had no problems.  Thats my next phone ill post a review of it and put a link to it here in the future once Ive roadtested it.Update:Here is a full review of my new phone LG Motion 4gReviewer Name: Glyn, Rating: 3/5http://www.amazon.com/LG-Motion-Prepaid-Android-MetroPCS/product-reviews/B008ZE3T7O/ref=sr_cr_hist_3?ie=UTF8&filterBy;=addThreeStar&showViewpoints;=0

I've had this phone around 3 months now and it's been great especially for the cheap price i caught it for and the seller had it to me in great timing with all the disaster going on from Hurricane &#34;Sandy&#34;....

When I received the phone I was told that I could connect it to my service.  Then I called to have it activated and the lady told me that it wasn't the correct phone. 10 days later I call back to the wireless service and they had not problem connecting it.  Other than that the phone sucked.  After 6 mos of having it, it burned me.  My battery would stay charged for one hour and i wasn't even using it.  Amazon, please stop selling CRICKET products.  They'll give you a bad name.

Does everything I need.  I have a Droid X as well and this Samsung fits in my pocket (and hand) so much nicer.  It runs all the apps that I have thrown at it and works great as a music player.  No complaints!

The phone is ok, the battery sucks, the memory is small on the phone it's self, and if too many apps are running at once it shuts itself off. But does get what you need done

This product ir really good. The camera work properly and take excellent pictures. For other size, you can take and play a lot of music with good quality at it.

i have had this phone about 3 weeks, this is my first smartphone and android and i LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT only problem i had is with the sdcard it came with... phone froze and sdcard died had to buy a new one, other then that i couldn't ask for more in a cell phone, its replacing my laptop almost completely this is a must buy and you cant beat it for the price!

The price itself was a bit too much since all it is, is a standard android phone. Touch screen worked perfectly fine, taking pictures and recording videos weren't clear-cut quality but that is to be expected. What I don't like about this phone is that there just wasn't enough room for the things like social media or even games. The phone was always telling me to delete some stuff to create more room when I barely even downloaded things in the first place. There were times that the phone would randomly restart in the middle of a text or phone call, even when there was more than enough battery to preserve a call.I'd recommend this phone to people who just want a phone to make calls or texts. If you want to take pictures, play games or even check your email I'd suggest something more advanced.

I have this phone and I hate it keeps dropping my calls, most of the time I can't listen to my muve music as it says no service, which as I do have service, the battery life does not last long, I put it on the charger and it tells me that it is not charging, also always says looking for service, I am in an area that has cricket service.

This is an amazing phone. It has everything. Internet, music, movies, books, games, video and camera. I just got this 4 days ago so I am still learning but i love it.

This device has a constant problem of dropping a call immediately after dialing.  The screen says "disconnected" but you can still hear ringing / the person on the other end, but you cannot talk back or hang up.  I sent the first one back and the replacement had the exact same problem.  The only way to fix is to remove the battery and cross your fingers.  Happens daily.I prefer Droid, but this model is a lemon in my experience.

Was very surprised at the quality for the money. Purvhasrd for my daughter who is really rough on phones and is still going strong

The battery on this phone dies so quickly. I charge it all day just to get 5 hours of battery life. The apps on the phone have a habit of getting stuck, so you have to restart, but they still may not work. The best features are the speakers which are very loud and clear, and the strong face glass. I gave this one to my daughter and bought an HTC.

Couldn't be happier with this phone - does everything I need it to do and more!  I would highly recommend this for any phone gift purchases you may need to make.

THE PHONE GOT TO MY HOUSE TWO DAYS BEFORE THEY SAID IT WOULD, YEA!  I LIKE ALL THE BELLS AND WHISHLES BUT I LOVE THE MUVE MUSIC THE BEST!!!

I bought two ZTE Score phones one for myself and one for my son. Both of them have very bad battery usage. The fully charged phone can not last more than 10 hours even complete idle. And I confirmed with Cricket customer service that estimated battery only lasts 8 hour with moderate talk time.I returned both phones and can not believe Cricket is selling this kind of products.

So, I received my phone today.  Brand new in its box.  Opened it, and tried to activate it online.  Surprise!  My serial number had already been activated by a different account.  Called up Cricket, as per the directions on their website regarding this problem.  Their response was that they couldn't do anything, and they were, admittedly, useless.  Thanks, Cricket, for this great introduction to your service!

I'm not sure if it is a one time fluke of a situation but... I bought this as a replacement phone for my girlfriend who had the LG Optimus that Cricket had in its line up. It was delivered promptly and looked brand new in its package. She seemed to be really happy with it at first but after 3 weeks she couldn't use her camera anymore. If she accessed certain apps the whole phone would shut down and restart. I advised her to remove all her valuable files and due a factory reset and it never resolved the problem. She then called cricket and they said her phone was defective and that she would have to pay $90 for a warranty replacement. I'm not too happy with the performance of the network, nor the ratty customer service that tries to nickle and dime you. But honestly, what can you expect from a budget cell phone company?The phone still makes texts and makes phone calls... so its not totally worthless. But hopefully our issue is an isolated one. I'm just no confident in spending more money for another glitchy phone... Buyers beware!

Serves its point but after you get online twice it says low on storage so you need to delete your cookies at least daily.

i bought this phone from the home shopping network.  I can in a package deal which included 2 months of prepaid cricket service.I received the phone and tried to activate it.I never got it activated, despite call numerous times to cricket support and getting the run around for 2 days.WORST SERVICE IVE EVER EXPERIENCEDI am currently a straighttalk user and love the service.  45 dollars a month everything and they use the verizon networkDO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOT USE CRICKET WIRELESS

I bought this phone for my daughter to use strictly as an android device with no phone service.  She absolutely loves this device.  It does everything an ipod touch does for a fraction of the price.  She can download apps from the android market, take pictures, listen to music from pandora, watch videos off of Netflix, send and receive text messages to any cell phone by using Text+ free, and even make phone calls (if you pay for the minutes through text+).  She only really uses the device at home and we have a wifi connection.  It's a win win for us.  She gets to text her friends and I don't have to pay a monthly fee.

Very cool phone and service - has all the google apps plus you get free music.  You can download as many songs as you want for no extra charge.  No $.99 or $1.29/song fee.

This phone is one of the worst phones I have ever owned. There is not enough internal storage to hold the basic apps. Despite being able to increase the storage, you have to constantly delete storage on apps like Facebook and Twitter to even have basic operations. Also, if you buy a sans disk it won't support the Muve storage. I have owned the phone for a year and now the battery won't hold and my phone will die when it shows that it has 40%, for example, battery life.

love the design of the phone  love the size realy good phone for the  price .nice  clear screen and take real clear  pics.realy good phone  think it  is a one of the best i have  had . good  for  someone that might  just  be learing aboute the Android phones.

I decided to switch services and was very skeptical about buying a phone through a different site other than cricket.  When I read the reviews on the Samsung Vitality I thought it wouldn't hurt to try it out.  I purchased this phone on Amazon.com and I am very happy I did.  I received my phone very quickly and ever since the first day I turned it on I fell in love with it!  It's the perfect phone for me and I love the music dowloads as well as the fact it is an android phone.  The phone only works with the $55 muve music android plan through Cricket wireless but to me that is a steal!  I would deffinately suggest to anyone wanting a great android phone, the Samsung Vitality! Great phone, great price, easy to use!! Love it!

this is ultimate phone music from every generation volume great plent of free applications u def have have a case for nt overall 4 the price u cant beat it no wire hook up unless i wouldnt suggest using cheap headphones invest in a good name brand like jvc samsung pioneer or sony

The phone itself is great as an MP3 player and for Wi-Fi apps.  If you are planning on using this as a phone, don't bother.  I purchased this phone from an authorized dealer whom also activated for me.  The number that was activated on the phone was not the number that showed up in the status of the phone itself.  After Cricket giving me a new number not once but twice.  They still could not get the phone to work properly. Then they finally got around to porting my real number which got totally messed up.  We are now on the 3rd help ticket with their help department, after being told by the manager that the previous help ticket numbers did not exist in their system.  We are now going on 10 days with a phone that does not work at all as a phone.  On a good note I can tell you how to activate the phone and reset it in my sleep and even how to manually program it. I bought this phone for the Muve Music plan.  I thought it would be fun for my daughter.  However Muve will not work across a wifi connection and is absolutely totally useless at this point in time.  I am currently looking at turning it into a VOIP phone with Nettalk and just using it for an mp3 player and the wifi apps.  I don't think I have ever had such pathetic service from a company in my entire life.  I was debating between this phone and the Optimus V.  I made the mistake of going with a company for the music service and not with the company that I previous had that I knew to be reliable.  Cricket has told me that it will be up to 7 days before I may be contacted with help on this ticket. I will update this review at a later time to see if this ever gets resolved.  All that I can say is that I am a very patient person that is considered by most to be very tech-savvy.  So if I am giving something a critical review, which very rarely occurs, on an electronics device then I would certainly take this into consideration before deciding on your purchase.Finally last week, we have a working Cricket phone. This is after threatening to file a complaint with the Attorney General's office and the Better Business Bureau.  We still had to fight to get compensation for undelivered plan time from Cricket which was nearly an entire month's worth of service that was never delivered.  The issue was not with the phone or even the account.  It was an issue with the port of the phone number on Cricket's end.Now that the phone works, my daughter is extremely happy with her phone.  Images and pictures look gorgeous on the phone. Unlimited music downloads are a teens dream come true.  Most of her friends are only allowed to text so the 1,000 minute limit doesn't matter much to her.  The phone itself is great and has typical Samsung excellent quality.  It needs a bigger memory card, 4G is totally insufficient especially when 3G is permitted for music and only 1G is for everything else.  Poor planning there.IF YOU ARE NOT PORTING A NUMBER, then there is a good chance that you will like this phone.  If you plan on porting a number then you are at the mercy of Cricket Customer Service and I wish you luck.

I have several issues with this phone. I can't send pictures pictures I took, my Bluetooth won't connect with it, I have limited memory and generally am not impressed with this phone.

Am very happy with the product i received also got it a Day Early  Turning it on with service with Cricket was easy had no problems at all i will order again when a better product comes out

PRODUCT IS BEST BUT READ THE CRICKET PAY GO 55 DOLLAR PLANS.IT INCLUDES ONLY 1000MIN FOR A MONTH.THERE IS NO OTHER OPTIONS FOR THOSE WHO NEEDS MORE MIN.AND YOU CANT CHANGE IT TO REGULAR CRICKET LINE JUST LIKE THAT.AND YOU CANT SWITCH YOUR OLD CRICKET NUMBER TO THIS PHONE PAY AS YOU GO.YOU WILL HAVE TO ACTIVATE IN NEW LINE.THEREFORE THIS PHONE IS CHEAP ON PAY AS YOU GO. OTHERWISE IN STORE THIS PHONE COSTS 149+TAX+NEW LINE ACTIVATION.REGULAR FOR THIS PHONE SO 79+55+ACT+TAX=150ALMOST ITS GOOD JUST THE PROBLEM IS 1000MIN.

I've looked at the specs and they appear to be the same as the LG Thrive.  The Thrive cost more.  I have a LG Thrive and love the phone.  Does everything I want.

I love my samsung vitality. I purchased  brand new from walmart last year & just transferred ESN. I don't understand why anyone would go anywhere other then cricket. depending on the smartphone plan u choose (between $50-$70), its all unlimited, most US & Mexico coverage, no overages & no contracts. I have the $50 plan & have all the cool apps & never need more data :)I am currently on the hunt for the identical phone because I enjoy it so much

Problem 1 was the phone was sent with the wrong charger. Contacted Amazon and they quickly refunded $10 to cover cost of of buying the right charger.Problem 2 was discovered when we went to Cricket to add it as a 3rd line to our plan and discovered it WAS NOT a Cricket phone. What we thought would be an inexpensive trip to Cricket was a $160 trip as we had to purchase a new phone. I have not contacted Amazon because it just became too much of a hassle at that point.The phone WAS in excellent condition, great packaging, WRONG CARRIER.

its okay but i wish i wouldve bought something elsethe memory on the phone runs out alot and i have a large memory card.just when maps and other stuff updates it runs out i tried moving stuff to my memory card but the stuff thats preinstalled on ur phone doesnt have that option so its sucksalso the phone shuts down alot.the lg i had was crap too but its was better

I purchased this phone as a gift for my wife. This is her first smart phone and she definitely seems to be enjoying it. I went in to buy a Blackberry and bought this instead - I'm very glad I did.

Caught this on-sale for $60 ... took a chance and ordered two! ... shoulda ordered six!I had checked the reviews first ... didn't see one bad one about the phone ... only the cell service ... which I had no intention of getting, anyhow!My old .mp3 player (for my truck) was acting up, and I was looking to replace it!  Didn't wanna pay $100+ for an iPod!  The reviews on most everything else were spotty!  So I figured I'd pick up a cheapo Android phone.  Happened on the sale for these ... seemed like a no-brainer!For whatever reason, it seems like the GPS on it is a secret?!  It's there ... and works really well!  Also, ya can save a map for offline use! ... so w/o cell service, or even wi-fi, ya can still use the GPS!Not sure what the big deal is with "Muve" ... even the included 3gb microSD has it printed on there! ... not sure what the deal was, but it was only showing like 500mb free?!  No matter, I dropped a 32gb in it!I did have an issue using the stock music player ... it'd play my itunes .m4a's ok ... but not the .mp4's from my CD's?!  I downloaded PowerAmp, and that works for both!Everything else works flawlessly! ... wi-fi ... camera ... email ... browser ... calendar ... video ... GPS!It even let me delete a few bloat apps! ... not "Muve", though!UPDATE:it's been a couple weeks, now ... PowerAmp was buggin' me ... I forget why ... but I installed (free) WinAmp ... had to create a "playlist" (all songs, one time) ... but it's got a nice widget ... it makes me hit the play button twice, to start playing ... but pause only once ... only issue I've had with it ... easy to say it's a WinAmp issue, but the fact remains, the stock music app don't work as it does on other such devices (see ".mp4"s, above)as it usually sits in my truck, I noticed the battery would go down to less than half, after only one day ... I surmised it may be because it was either trying to connect to my (or work's) wi-fi, and/or the Cricket network ... even though I never activated the service, I still was showing a bar 'er two! ... as I rarely actually need/use wi-fi on it, I simply set it in airplane mode ... battery's lasting a good 5+ days, now! ... not so much a knock on the phone ... more on android ... it let's ya stop wi-fi ... but not cell service ... not without turning off wi-fi, too! ... it'd be nice if it let ya turn off cell service, only ... although, it could be, trying to connect to wi-fi, might still wear on the battery!I'm guessing, without activating Cricket, I can't get an OTA android update?!  I did find a custom ROM that looks purdy good ... but it requires a few hoops ... and with Gingerbread, I have everything I need, anyhow!Oh, I almost forgot ... I've seen mine do it ... and I've heard from other owners, the same thing ... the phone'll reboot ... all by itself ... every now 'n then! ... it never did it while I was using it ... but every once in a while, I'd notice it was booting up, by itself! ... one theory was, it wasn't connecting to Cricket particularly well, and maybe somehow a reboot might help?! ... however, since I've been in airplane mode, it's not rebooted (on it's own), even once! ... perhaps there's some truth, to that theory?!Again, every other bad review I had seen was regarding the Cricket service! ... if ya don't use that ... and probably keep it in airplane mode most of the time ... it's just like my old Galaxy S! ... well, except the 4 main button deallies are actually buttons, on this phone ... at first I didn't know how I felt about it ... after about 5min, I completely forgot about it ... 'til now!  Anyhow, tactilely (sp?), they're nice buttons! ... even preferable!If this ever gets back down near $60 again, I'll buy another two 'er three ... give 'em to the kids for stocking stuffers!  Even at $90, it's very tempting!

its pay go .cant switch your old number to it.and had to spend 55+tax for getting new line.on top of that it gives you only 1000min.i tried calling customer care to get unlimited .they dont pick up your phone.and called from regular cricket phone from friends phone.they told me get 65dollar plan i got that just to realize that it gives you 1000min too.completly useless.i said i will pay extra just give me double min.no use failled all the way. i dont know why they have this pay go for.

If you're looking for a way to try an android phone without having to sign a 2 year contract or spending a lot of money, this is the way to go.

I love this phone. It's my first smartphone.It's build pretty good for a pre paid phone. Screen is big. It's fast. Graphic is good. You can access through facebook, twitter and other websites. I like the muve music button. So its even quicker to get to your music. $55 a month. Can't beat that inlcudes everything. You don't have to worry about pay for a song ever again. If u like me and try to save money on a monthly plan and want a great phone. This is for u. It's the same quality but half the price. Now if ur the type of person want the lastest technology than this phone is not for u. It's a mid range smartphone. Compare to the Bonic or Iphone 4s yea those phones are better, but u got to pay more for those services too. So if u don't mind down grade and try to save some extra cash I would recommend this phone. It will get the job done :)

Well when I first got it It looked great.After that it all went downhill.There was the dealing with cricket,That is a joke.It only took them 6 days to get it working.And trying to use your old number from another carrier took another 4 days.Then I stated using the phone Okay everything worked like it should.The only bad thing is the battery,You might get (6) hours out of it if you don't use it.

My phone died a couple days ago, I had an LG with cricket. It was decent enough, but lacked flash and couldn't play Netflix, and finally, the touchscreen died. I thought about switching to another service that was even cheaper, but their only android model didn't have good reviews. I almost didn't get this because there were mixed reviews about whether you could use your existing unlimited smart phone plan that Cricket offers for $55/mth.  I didn't want to pay $65 for the muve plan (which is what an existing customer will have to pay a month to switch to the muve plan), but I thought I'd wing it anyway, based on another review where the person said after some tooth-pulling they were able to get the regular unlimited data plan.  I figured I could always return it if it didn't work out.So as an existing customer, I just called them, and when they asked for the ESN they activated the phone, no problems whatsoever. They noted that it was "compatible" with the muve plan, but said I could just continue using my unlimited plan at $55 instead of switching to the muve plan at $65. Obviously, I opted to stick with my regular plan.So, for existing customers, I would say you shouldn't have any problem keeping your regular smart phone plan at $55, and if the customer service agent balks, hang up and call back until you get one who knows what they're doing. I can't speak to new customers, but when I checked into activating the phone as a new customer online, it did honor the $55 rate for the muve plan, so I don't know if that's just a special deal linked to this particular phone or what, but I didn't end up going that route.As for the phone itself, I love it! It's lightweight but doesn't feel flimsy, it has flash and works with Netflix, and is definitely faster than my other phone. I haven't used the Cricket 3G yet so I can't speak to that but it's otherwise a very responsive phone. Otherwise no changes from the standard interface. I would recommend getting a hard case for this phone, I could see the edges cracking if you dropped it. I bought one for 6 bucks. So far, great phone for the money, more than I expected to get.

Phone did everything well until the screen graphics became completely distorted.  Took the phone to Crickett and they did nothing for me except erase all the music I had previouly downloaded and then told me it wasn't a  software problem but that the phone was defective.  Contacted Amazon via internet and they immediately sent me a new phone with a free shipping lable to return the old defective phone.  Very pleased with Amazon not so with Crickett.  Would have given 4 stars otherwise.

Okay so many buyers have complained about the paygo muve music plan for this phone. I agree that it is not the best plan to get with cricket so what I did was activate the first month as paygo plan which has LIMITED call time minutes and web useage. After my first month was up I called cricket and asked to switch my rate plan to the regular SMARTPHONE UNLIMITED PLAN with unlimited calling,minutes,and web. Now at first the customer service Rep told me that the SAMSUNG VITALITY is a Muve music phone only and that I had to have a Paygo plan but I INSISTED that it wasn't true! Their own website clearly states that the SMARTPHONE PLAN and the MUVE MUSIC plan are compatible with this phone. After a few minutes on hold, the Rep informed me that indeed I can get the unlimited smartphone plan. I was right! I HAD TO CANCEL THE ACCOUNT THOUGH! Now I was able to keep my same number but I can't say that everyone will but atleast you get the plan you want UNLIMITED!

this phone is great  because its a phone and an mp3 player in one! sometimes the signal isn't great but thats all phone companies. if you want a nice amout of apps. definately upgrade to the 8gb memory card, which i still haven't been able to find. i need to call cricket but besides that i love the phone, easy to use and the touch screen is very accurate!

Back in 2012 this was a good choice for Cricket customers.  It is a CDMA phone and new owner At&t; is turning off the Cricket CDMA network.Cricket is converting now to a GSM  4G network featuring 2014 phones such as the LG L70.

i love my phone and dose my daughter i got to buy her one and my son it fix just right for them as fas it gose the min and the webSamsung R720 Vitality Prepaid Android Phone (Cricket)
