
Received this and it was refurbished and had chips and scratches out of the body, and the kickstand. Not happy.

I bought the phone for my father, he's older and needs to be able to see the bottons and needed a big screen. I didn't want to pay a TON so I bought it from hear. The price was great! I got it really fast and he loves it. The only problem is it's kinda quiet as far as music goes. But very easy to use if you are not cell phone savey. It's very simple to link you're email or face book or both. Takes great pictures, it's fast, and it looks nice. The stand in the back is helpful for bed side charging and an alarm clock.

I bought this phone and I didn't know it would be as indistructable as is. It has been ran over by my suv (accident) and truck (accident) and not a scratch was there it worked fine it surprised me. It finally cracked when my dog steps on it( go figure) but it was so small you cant tell anyway.Great phone recomnd it to anyone. Sorry bout spelling issues im not a good speller

It freezes constantly and takes forever to act upon command. I do understand that this device is used but on the description it says the phone is in good shape and it was not. I can barely hear it ring because the speaker on the phone is full of trash. I guess its OK for 60 bucks and I did need a phone asap but the condition listed for the phone was false.

Got it as a gift and was very happy when product was shipped so quickly! Great service no issues and I am very happy

The first day i activated the phone, the screen began showing a large spot in the images as if the phone had been damaged by heat, which has become permant. 2 weeks later the battery will not charge completely or hold a charge longer than 4 hours. In recent days it will not load a page, kick me out of the internet, drop calls and basically do anything except what I want it to do. This is the second phone I have purchased in 4 months from Amazon and I had similar issues from the first. Having bought the first phone used, I chose to buy a &#34;new&#34; phone the second time around, only to have the same thing happen again. I will be shocked and amazed if I can submit this post without issue. I do not intend to purchase on Amazon in the future.

I used to have a Droid razor that I accidentally misplaced.  I purchased the the HTC Thunderbolt.  Yes it's older, yes it's slower than my Droid.  However, I find this HTC does not crash as often as my Droid did, so I guess that's a positive.  I miss the Razor's more up to date android software.  All in all, the HTC is OK.

Great condition, although NOT FACTORY RESET YET, so it's performance was weak. Screen lock barely works, however. Pretty good phone.

Got this for my Son for Xmas! He can't stay off it! He says it has great features. He Loves it

The battery life is not the best. Not to say it's terrible, but you will have to charge this phone every night and sometimes twice in a day if you use a lot of apps and music. Other than that, it's a good phone.

I sold it on ebay for 50$ when in all the electronic stores would only pay 6$ is what it is worth at say target, best buy and the verizon store its self

this phone is completely amazing! It is super fast on the internet and loud and clear when it comes to calls and music. would reccommend to ANYONE!

Purchased the Thunderbolt from Bluteksua.com (through Amazon) to replace my original Thunderbolt (which suffered a very, very bad drop and had to be replaced).  Product was received on the day it was expected.  The phone looks new and, other than different packaging than what my original Thunderbolt came in (this was in a clear plastic container with the Verizon logo on the top) and a different battery brand (but was the same size/voltage), it had the same accessories and documentation as the original.  There is some assembly required (sliding in the SIM & SD Card, inserting the battery and putting on the battery cover).  **NOTE** - The SIM card and micro-SD card is not included.  This was not a problem since I was swapping out my original Thunderbolt, I just inserted the cards from my old phone to the new one, turned it on and it was ready to go.  I have been using it for a week with no issues.  Very happy with the phone and the quick service from the seller.

Horrible. Phone does not work after less than 1 month! The battery discharged on what was supposed to be a brand new phone. It came without an SD card so more expense for something that lasted 20 days of use! Phone won't take a charge to even turn it on. I would not recommend this phone to anyone!

There's something wrong with the operating system so that the phone shuts off multiple times in a day, even while performing tasks. I highly suggest looking for a different HTC phone.

I purchased this product through amazon from a third party called Dahmart. When I first got this product I was elated to have a phone that did not have a cracked screen like my Pantech Breakout. It had a larger screen and the load times were excellent when I would listen to music. Then the trouble began... the phone would suddenly die as soon as I tried listening to a song. I would literally have to stick it on a charger for all night just to listen to one song before it died. On top of all that the phone would terminate my service with Verizon intermittently. When I would call to ask why this kept happening they explained the phone kept popping up on their stolen or lost list.So in conclusion do not buy this phone by any means. But most importantly do not buy it from Dahmart as they apparently sell stolen phones. For shame amazon for allowing a seller like this to use your site.

I spent quite a bit of money on the phone and i'm not too happy with verizon but thats another story. This phone has an amazing camera, even a great front-facing camera to boot! My battery only drained when i spent way too much time on the web.(understandable, right?) the apps you can get are really cool, for like ringtones and wallpaper. it has a nice-size screen and good sound quality.. i have over 30 videos and 400 pictures and like, 860 songs on it... it has a boss memory. Okay..sooo i did pay out the butt for it..but that was like, may '11 and its june '13 and its still kickin with the same battery and all. It's not the latest model, but i would def. suggest this phone to everyone! and yeah, its NOT cheap.. so don't drop it.. that's a Duh.. things break when you drop them.

Although I ended up sending the phone back because I could not us it for they type of service I was trying to get I was really satisfied with the appearance of the product and when I contacted the seller via email I got a response that same day and they were very helpful. I would definantly recommend them and this product to friends and family.

i am not using this equipment its not GSM and they dont say it in the descripcion of the equipment.

This phone was not in good working oder as described. The battery would not hold a charge. The cord would not stay in place to recharge.

This phone is a piece of junk!  I have had it since the day it was released (3/17/11) and it has caused me nothing but problems since then. It misses calls, doesn't deliver all texts, hangs up mid-calls, and has horrid battery life (dies after few hours of minimal use).  My husband has the same problem with his and he has a master's in software engineering ans can't even figure this hunk of junk out. Counting the days (less than 2mos now) until I'm eligible for a new phone and I'm going straight to Apple since their stuff just works. My husband also has a blackberry for work and it makes and receives calls just fine in our house so it is not a network issue. Do not buy this phone!!!!!

I've been very pleased with this phone.  The only complaint that I have is that they put the charging port on the wrong side.  You can't use the kickstand when the phone is plugged in and sitting in landscape mode because the charging port is on the bottom edge of the phone.  Other than that, I really like the phone.

I like how the phone ran and everything but the third week of having it the digitizer went out it. On top of what I paid for I I ended up putting another hundred and five dollares into it to have it repared.

Volume button mashed. The phone was rooted and can not function properly. Tried twice at service center to fix but eventually can not be repaired.

Adult owned.Great features.Very fast.4G is a plus.Battery is 6/10. As long as you turn off things you're not using it'll last a whileCamera is great, front camera takes good quality pictures too.Video recording is fast with no lag or blur.Screen resolution is great, very nice to watch videos on.Call quality is pretty good, same with the mic.For some reason the stand is painted a dark grey over the natural metal color, the paint slowly peels off but it just becomes a lighter shade of grey.Durability is good, will not dent like the iphone and is not as sensitive to moisture. I would still recommend a case.Inconvenient not having a home button like the Iphone but not a huge issue.

The device was suppose to be NEW, but it was refrub.  I had to take to local Verizon store because LED touch screen kept going in and out until it totally went black.

I choose this rating based on the phone's slow performance, bulky feel and slow turnover. It eats battery life like a hummer guzzles gas. Not my type of phone, but I got it at a low price. Gonna stick to iphone.

the phone is fast the features are teffic the app store is excellent the phone does so much i love it

CAME WITH A FEW VERY MINOR BLEMISHES ON THE PHONE BUT NOT ONE ON THE SCREEN AND RUNS WITH NO ISSUES WHAT SO EVER!! OF COURSE THE FIRST THING YOU DO IS GET TO GET A CASE FOR IT ANYWAY...ONCE I PUT THAT ON, THE PHONE LOOKED BRAND NEW. IN FACT A LOT OF PEOPLE COMMENTED THAT THEY LIKED MY NEW PHONE. SO FOR ME A PHONE THAT LOOKS BRAND NEW AND RUNS LIKE BRAND NEW GETS 5 STARS. I DON'T THINK I'LL BE GETTING ANYMORE PHONES FROM VERIZON AND I WON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT  THEIR TWO YEAR CONTRACT EITHER.

love it works great, blue dot is helpful and always my first choice for a phone, for replacements instead of carrier

I like the phone so well this is my 2nd one, With the first one I did not have the case and holster, had dropped it and broke the face. It still worked, but I knew one more good drop without a case might be the end of it.

Typically, I do not spend a lot of money on electronics, but when this phone came out, I opted to go for the 4g option with the Thunderbolt.  Initially, I liked the phone, 4g is nice to have BUT the Thunderbolt frequently loses connection, which requires that you disconnect from all services, i.e. airplane mode, then back on again.  I forward calls from this line to my standard "talking" line, so I only used the Thunderbolt for internet capabilities, which were HORRIBLE.  I went away this past weekend and the phone would not connect to the hotel wireless and to add salt to the wound, it wouldn't connect to the network either.  I kept trying different options and googling the problem and it was a universal problem with many users.  I have since switched to the iphone 4 (which was free on Verizon) and while it doesn't have some of the features that I liked on the Thunderbolt, I am glad to just have a decent internet connection.Pros of the Thunderbolt are the camera.  You can zoom in for both photos AND videos (a function the iphone does not have), you can purchase extra batteries and a charging dock, I ALWAYS had a fresh battery on hand since the battery life was so short (the iphone does not have the option to change batteries)Cons of the Thunderbolt, connection issues, horrible connection issues, battery life is bad even for a smartphone, if you get this phone, make sure you get a charging dock and extra batteries, otherwise, if the bad connection doesn't leave you in the lurch, the short battery life will!

The cellphone just as it says came with some minor scratches...barely noticeable. However, it didn't come with the micro SD card which I didn't lake but its still good for the price

Overall the phone is great. It just after having it only 4 months the charging port on the phone has broken to a point to where I can barely charge it and have to do crazy things to charge it.

The phone would not stay on even after charging the battery for a long period of time. The phone was returned. Last time I will be ordering a phone from amazon.

I purchased this as a replacement.  My first Thunderbolt was dropped and screen cracked.  I wanted to purchase another because I was happy with the first.  This phone often has error message that it is not connected to the internet when trying to open a page. I need to go to settings, turn off connection and turn back on.  I NEVER had to do that with my first Thunderbolt.

When i recieved this i noticed the screen is lifted in two of the corners. i got it activated on my account and realized it is really slow.. it lags and Also, It freezes A LOT. ITS A PIECE OF S***i regret buying this phone. It was not worth the money. Don't recommend purchasing this to Anyone!

This phone is awesome and the fact that it has a kickstand built in to it is awesome it comes in handy.

This is just a overall really well rounded functional phone even for the age its still able to do every task that I require a smartphone to do. The phone has a solid feel, nothing cheap in my opinion, there is some weight to it, but I see that as a benefit. Decent cameras capture enough details for social media use and so on. The battery may not be the best but you can get an extended battery for really cheap now days. 4g lte still works fine with this device, and its great to have the rare built in kickstand that many phones lack. Old school HTC android software simple functional and clean, I do recommend this phone for anyone who needs a Verizon phone that works and is capable to do what needs to be done at a modest price.

it was never able to connect to Verizon so I had to return it because it wasn't compatible with my Verizon 4g plan

I do not usually write a review on a product I have not bought from a seller. I did own this phone was talked into buying from Verizon when they first came out.  This phone was maybe the worst phone I ever owned. It is heavy the battery runs down fast, You can buy a heavy duty battery and then you have a thicker heavier phone.It let me down two times and had to be replaced under warranty from Verizon. Both times I was out of town and had to deal with getting a phone shipped to hotel etc.  I guess the phone worked okay but it would run hot and battery would not last at all.  I accidentally dropped on our ceramic tile kitchen floor and was kind of happy I had to replace it. I know nothing about this seller and am sure they are a great dealer. I just do not want someone else to buy this phone.

I have never had more problems with a phone before. My texts rarely come through, the 4G never works, it took HTC nearly 6 months to roll out and update that they promised in July. Sick of it. Don't buy this phone, and never get an HTC phone. Would rather have a "dumb" phone than this piece of s***.

Was ok, started to freeze up on me and wasn't hiding its battery. Was a new phone and just disappointed over all.

Phone will just turn off now.  It worked great for the first 6 months but now I can't surf the web without it turning off. Also it did not come with that little card so I had to pop in the one from my old phone.

I've had some similar issues with this phone when it came to the buggy operating system.  I had this phone for a couple years and the first time I bought it, within a week I called verizon for product support as the device was eating the battery alive with little use.  This was an issue with the phone itself. I live 5 miles from the store. I waited until it had a full charge and 15mins later i was down to 40%, by the time the tech got to me I was down to 10% (just sitting in my pocket in standby.) However they replaced the phone for me and it worked just fine after that.  I'm sorry you had that issue with the phone and believe it represents every HTC Thunderbolt out there.  I was an over the road trucker and I have to say of all the phones I've owned over the years, this one was the best phone I've ever had and am truely regretting ever selling it.  But a change in vocation and starting college left me with very little money and had to out of necessity. Since using the HTC thunderbolt, I constantly compare every smart phone out there that I touch against it, and really this phone has spoiled the joy I may get out of other phones just because of the ease of use, great product support from Verizon and HTC, as well as a seemless ease of use that is second to none. I cannot wait to get my hands on another when I can.

Have owned several android phones but this one operates nothing like the others. Very difficult to navigate. Also slower than any other. Ready to dump and get a Samsung Galaxy like my wifes.

this item was everything the seller discribed but I have expirienced a couple of glitches since i started using it nothing that a refresh couldn' t fix so far. Also as I'm writing this I've experienced another glitch where I can't choose the appstraphy just by holding down the letter &#34;c&#34; without fist the letter being typed the the appastraphy appears. The same with the other icons i thinck it may be because I'm in web...not sure but in all the device seems to be working well.

I have been using HTC Thunderbolt since April 2011 and it is definitely THE King of Smartphones. I had a choice between Thunderbolt and iPhone and finally decided to purchase the Thunderbolt running on the Verizon 4GLTE network. Just a quick note here, Verizon's 4GLTE network is definitely super fast and data transfer, videos, music streaming is smooth with absolutely no buffering. Here are some of the Pros and Cons of HTC ThunderboltPROS:1) Screen Size: 4.3 inch screen is neither too big nor too small and reading or making notes on the phone is quite easy without straining your eyes. Remember, you can zoom in and zoom out on any article and it auto fits itself to the screen. I find this feature very helpful (This is not possible on my Galaxy Tab, where if you zoom, you then have to scroll left, right, up and down to view the article). Screen size is also perfect for making video calls using Skype, Tango, Google Hangouts !!!2)4G LTE: This was supposed to be the first phone capable of connecting to Verizon's 4G Long Term Evolution (LTE) network. There is no doubt that Thunderbolt and 4GLTE form a potent combination delivering high speed data transfer, fast streaming of movies and music without having to wait. I have actually watched some live sports events through websites and there is hardly a time when I would see "Buffering" during the video. This is, again, possible due to Verizon's network but Thunderbolt is the first phone to take advantage of LTE.3) Camera: 8MP back camera and 1.3 MP front camera makes this a great smartphone to have. The camera quality is amazing and I have already taken thousands of photos through my phone.I have taken quite a few videos with the phone as well. It might not be the best when compared to a better CAMERA, but it is definitely one of the best among the current smartphones. iPhone didn't have a 8MP camera in April 2011. The front and back camera is a great feature to have especially during video calling. The picture clarity is amazing and I use Skype very often through HTC Thunderbolt.4) Android Market: This is an ever growing area for Android phones with loads and loads of apps for almost anything that you need. Android team does their bit by even providing some good training materials for people who want to write code for Android apps. I have been using the following apps regularly; Facebook, Twitter, CNN, Mashable, Engadget, TOI, Entrepreneur, Foursquare, Viber, SKYPE, LinkedIn, Google + and many more. Android application development will surely provide one of biggest opportunities for programmers to make money as Android phones already have the highest market share and it keeps growing everyday!!! I would recommend the SwiftKey X keyboard for anyone with Android smartphone. This is probably the best Android Keyboard App in the market with Artificial Intelligence capabilities!!Just to round off with some more great features, HTC Thunderbolt is now running 2.3.4 Gingerbread OS. This is again up-gradable to Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0). When I purchased this phone, it was running Android Froyo (2.2) version which was now upgraded to Gingerbread (2.3.4). The phone comes with 32GB, yes, 32GB SD card installed in addition to phone memory. That is a lot of storage space on a smartphone. Most of my apps are now stores on the SD card freeing up my phone memory.CONS:1) Battery: There has been a vast improvement in the battery through the OS upgrades but still connecting through 4G LTE network does consume a lot of battery. If you are going to be connected to 4G all the time, I am sure you'd have to charge your phone at least twice a day. Ice Cream Sandwich OS upgrade might improve the power management capabilities, but currently it is surely a concern.2)SD Card slot: Most of the Thunderbolt owners have a hard time opening the phone to remove the SD card. There is no real need to remove the card but if someone really wants to transfer information from the card without using the wires, it'll take you some time to get the card out.3) Heavy: Thunderbolt is slightly heavier than iPhone and Samsung Galaxy S II but I don't think it's a big issue personally !!From my point of view, I will definitely recommend this phone. The price has reduced considerably and unless you want Galaxy Nexus or Galaxy S II or Galaxy S III, there is no other competing phone with so many features along with the ease of usability !!

This phone works real good for the price, my son is very happy with it. I would recommend it to anyone.

"Very good customer service. Ordered 2 phones.. 1 needless to say was defective, had to return. Maybe just had bad luck with one but the other I love! Condition is iffy am in process of returning the other. Good people just a hassle to go through the whole return process. " daisy (edit this name), April 9, 2013 Seller Response: we truly thank you for your purchase but our only request was that you return the item before we issued the refund.. we even paid the shipping.... we are sorry if you didn't expect to return the item.. Date: April 9, 2013In response to your comment you seem to be incorrect I PAID FOR THE SHIPPING OF THE PRODUCT BACK TO YOU.. I SPECIFICALLY ASKED FOR PAID SHIPPING AND YOUR RESPONSE WAS "WE DO NOT OFFER THIS AS WE ARE A NONE PROFIT ORGANIZATION"  IF IT WOULD HAVE BEEN PAID FOR THE DRAG OF THE RETURN WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN SO EXHAUSTING. Unfortunately it just came to my attention that this was your response to my comment.

This HTC phone (bought as brand new) is absolutely horrible. When using the speaker mode, most people tell me that it cuts in and out; on my end their voice is garbled-- this happens almost all the time.  When I put phone to my ear, it hangs up often.  I've lost important business calls!  It is totally unacceptable for a new phone to be so faulty.  I did not save my receipt or the box-- I assumed purchasing it from Amazon there'd be no problems.  How disappointed I am! I hope the seller will refund me so I can buy a new phone.

Phone was in great condition. It is easy to use only problem is with the connection it has trouble staying connected to the internet and sending text messages which I have heard is a standard problem with HTC phones.

This phone is bad. battery life is horrible been on the charger for 2 years now since i got it consider it a land line. constantly freezes ,shuts off on its own, never recognizes the sim card anymore.  steer clear of this phone by all means necessary.

I didn't get a new phone, tho it was advertised as such. There is no need to risk it. Word.

The seller was great and this phone is perfect exactly what I wanted. Even though the phone is old it still works good

This phone was a good purchase for our teen works well and met all of our needs for what we were looking for in a phone

This has to be the worse phone that is on the market. It is so bad that it has changed my perceptions of smartphones all together. I am begining to think that the phones created today have terrible quality, are way overpriced, and serve no purpose. The battery life on this phone is terrible, the functionality of this phone is terrible. The phone does what it wants to do, does not hold a charge throughout the day even on standby. I am not sure who they let test the phone to come up with its stats but it apparently was not a human. I would not recommend this phone. The only reason I gave it one star is because I could not post my comment without doing so.

Great phone. Amazing features, screen quality, size, and durability (had it over 1.5 years and it's really handled the beating I've given it well). It also seems to handle moisture and impacts well. This is purely cosmetic, but the clear coat on the kickstand WILL all come off, and it looks bad. If this bothers you... well I'm sorry, you'll have to deal.I am an avid android developer and I love this thing. It's the first smart phone I've ever had and it got me into them big time. This phone's battery life improves greatly with a solid undervolted kernel. I feel like the battery life qualms with this phone are almost completely as a result of the software and not hardware. I am not sure of this as I only had the phone for a couple weeks before rooting, upgrading the radio software and designing my own kernel. My battery life is fine, at least a whole day and the next night.As far as a blank, open device for use with custom software, it doesn't get much better than this phone, and there is almost nothing of any real value that newer devices can bring to the table that this phone can't already accomplish with a little research on part of its owner. If only it had MHL or a HDMI port, it could duke it out with the best smart phones of today. Cyanogenmod ROMs work great on this phone, and the interface is sleek, snappy, and very modern.It is a bit heavy which leads me to believe that if you drop it frequently, you might have trouble after a couple of years or so. It also might interfere with car mounts due to its weight. Even with everything tweaked, the battery life is barely 17 hours with light - medium usage in an area with light cell signal. The camera is great outdoors. This is slightly diminished indoors and it's quite poor and grainy in low light. The front facing camera is useless, unfortunately, even in good light. It came with a 32G flash drive when I bought it which is amazing! I like that it supports free wifi tethering and AVRCP too, plus tends to handle medium-high resolution vids well. It will NOT play 1080P video smoothly, no matter what you do. It works well for gaming and the touch screen is as responsive as you'd expect. It also multitasks well. I have had navi shouting commands through BT, music streaming, wifi tethering active with 2 laptops connected, and somebody playing temple run on this phone all simultaneously. It did get kind of hot though doing all of this, but not alarmingly so, and battery lasted for almost 3 hours under these conditions.All in all, I love this phone, and when the time comes, I'll be going with another HTC device and likely pimping it out just as hard as the thunderbolt that started it all. I deducted a star for battery life, front camera, and the heavier than necessary (in my opinion) weight.

Love this phone great oem and not a refurbishment. Screen nice and scratch free and kickstand still works gonna definitely buy one more for a backup and remod

...it's my second one!  If I did not love it, I would not have replaced it with same thing.Only reason I had to replace the previous one was that the charger port had become damaged (loose), but that was after two+ years, so if I get the same service life from this new one...at the cost I paid, it will be a WIN!!

Bought this for my husband after he broke his old thunderbolt and didn't have insurance on his phone. Great price, great phone. No problems with it at all. He has a new phone now, but still keeps this one as a backup.

First I must say this: Most people DO NOT properly handle and read the instructions that comes with their purchases. Because of this oversight or laziness, they then go on to write reviews which are disjointed and misleading. That is not to say that all products we buy will suit all our needs or come without defect. When we buy for appearance without really doing enough research and figuring out if that particular product meets our needs we are more likely to have problems and disappointments.I have had 6 cell phones since 2001. Except for product defects, I generally keep my phones almost right to the end of the 2-yr. contracts. I will say that the HTC Thunderbolt is the best cell phone that I've had. It is a gorgeous piece of intrument that throughout the year that I've owned it has fulfilled my every need seemlessly. And I have utilized every feature.The IPhone was a serious contender at the time and is a great phone but in terms of screen size, what you get for the money,( the Iphone was $400 for a 32g model), I made the decision to get the HTC and that is the best decision I have made regarding a phone to date. The screen is big and clear, the photos are great, and most importantly, the call quality is what a phone should be about. I am actually thinking that this is a phone that I want to keep for much longer than my contract at verizon. I must add that I bought my phone through Verizon and not here so with a 2yr. contract I was able to get a better deal.

I like the phone it is great for common use and texting. my major discourage of this model is how much it lags. when i first got it i had to manually go threw and shut everything down to make it faster. Still even after i did that and added a cleaning to the phone it is still a major lag fest.the phone has great battery life. I am a normal 20 year old and this phone can last; as long as you are not listening to music and keep it clean. the longest i have had the phone last was 2 days with out being on the charger (with no extended battery). and lasts for about 12 hours if used like a normal teen would, as long as kept clean. otherwise the battery will last for about 8 hrs and 5 if listening to music from the time you turn it on until completely dead.i give this phone a 3/5 because it is a great phone but needs a lot of attention to keep it running well. I would rate this phone much higher if there was little to no lag. Since i ordered it brand new i see no reason for this. I could see this if i ordered it new but due to it being new it got a lower rating...

It worked good for the first weeks by the second week a big water mark appeared on screen . It  will not go away. The phone never was in contact with water.

This is the 2nd phone from them. I dropped the 1st one a week after 30 day guarantee but their service was so quick I ordered another one. It failed to work the first week. They did not honor 30 day guarantee of refunding my money. ...yet. I have made a third request.

It's not as brand new as I thought it wasn't worth what I payed but its alright. Switching to an iPhone soon cause its Jus not worth wat I payed

My sister and I both ordered this phone from this seller and when I got my phone it would not hold a charge AT ALL.  As a former thunderbolt owner, I tried several batteries and chargers nothing worked.  I emailed the seller and told them the issue and that I would send it back but I did not want to wait another week for a phone.  I sent it and emailed them the tracking number. As soon as I did that they sent me a new one by overnight mail.HOWEVER, when I sent them the phone back I stupidly sent my sd card and Sim card with it. I called the owner and when they received the phone I sent then they sent both back via FedEx.  How lucky is that !!  Thank you for the great customer service.

I bought this as a replacement for my previous Thunderbolt. Even used this has been the best phone I've ever had. I love it.

It was a piece of junk!!!! Was not working properly, screen went out! I will not  get one these cell phones no more!

Very ironic, I got this phone during a thunderstorm... no joke haha shortly thereafter it began to snow.. Christmas arrived fashionably late =] Product was as described, wasn't stolen, very fun phone. Thanks!

i had the iphone 4s it broke so i got the thunder bolt which i a great phone i would tell people to get this phone.

I have had three thunderbolts in the last 3 months.  The first one worked great for about a year and a half.  I had to do an update and right after that I had almost no internet.  So Verizon replaced and new and it worked for a day or two.  Than I updated again and no internet.  The third one I tried not to update but Verizon forced it and than no internet.If you Google this problem all kinds if people have it.  However Verizon knows nothing about it.  I bought a new phone off amazon so I could keep my unlimited data.

Older 4g LTE model on the market. Little glitchy at times. Good 8mp camera and fast speed on apps and web. Battery life horrible at only approximately 4-6 hours if used frequently. Expect 8-10 hours without frequent use. Still like the phone and ordered a replacement when my screen broke on my first HTC TB.

I bought this phone from a Verizon store but after three years, the screen went out and when I took it to a Verizon store to see if they could fix it they said they no longer work on phones. I still have unlimited Internet with them, so I got on Amazon to see if they had one on here.This phone is pretty fast.The battery life is acceptable.Overall the phone is easy to use and lets me on youtube, netflix, and other programs with extreme ease of use.

This phone is literally the biggest piece of crap I've ever wasted money on, the battery is dead in literally two hours, it does not offer apps and is constantly losing Internet. The touchscreen is literally worthless and I've never been more disappointed in a product other than my Kindle.

As one of the very first Thunderbolt customers, I can tell you the love I have had for this phone has only been offset by the hatred I have for it's OEM battery life... or complete lack thereof.  As a 4G LTE phone, everything a phone is supposed to do on a great network (verizon), it does beautifully.  Of course, other phones have come and gone, have tried to improve on the God Father of Droid's and 4G.  Some have succeeded, others have failed and yet, nearly three years later, I am still very happy to have kept this phone--despite my irritation with minimal battery life.  The Droid operating system could stand to be upgraded from the 2.0 in it now, but honestly it is very functional.  The voice activation software works AWESOME.  Compared to Siri, which is plain awful (my wife has the iPhone and complains about it constantly), there simply isn't a comparison because mine works and Siri simply doesn't. Floyd Calhoun suggests if you purchase this phone, you upgrade to an extended life battery (a 3500mAh, Lithium ion is the answer).  It will change the phone from it's sleek, sexy, smooth style to a sleek, sexy, smooth HumpBack from Notre Dame phone, but... it is still very easy to hold, the incredibly cool kickstand that is built in still works perfectly, and with the new battery, I experience as much as hours and hours of FULL brightness, video streaming.  No kidding;  the extended life battery allows this older phone that started the LTE revolution to compete head to head with the Razr Maxx!  My only complaint is that it does not have an HDMI out, but very few of the new phones still do not offer this feature.  You will not be disappointed by this phone IF you have the exended batteries.  If not, you will love the phone--for the limited time you can use it without being connected to a charger.

Worst experience with this phone !!! I got my boyfriend this phone for Christmas. I got it in a resonable time, but a month later the speaker started going out and eventually went out completely. He took it to verizon and they told him that he had severe water damage and was only a matter of time before the speaker went out. I know my boyfriend did nothing to get water damage on the phone, and the fact that it took a month to start showing this, just shows me that the seller is responsible and will never order anything from this site again.

I'm not normally moved to write reviews about products I've purchased but.... I've had issues with this "smartphone" almost since I turned it on for the first time. The phone would randomly shutdown or reboot itself. This could be an issue with Android apps I had running, the phone itself, or both. I can't be sure which. That issue hasn't been too bad as of late. It used to happen more frequently. However, the network connectivity (4G, 3G, 1x) has been a major point of frustration particularly in the past 3-4 months. It randomly but frequently (everyday) will drop all network connections and you will either have to go to the Settings and turn it off and back on or use a widget for ease in that regard. That might not even work. You may actually have to reboot the stupid thing in order to get the network to work and that takes my phone about 5 minutes or longer. It takes longer to reboot this phone than it took Moses to find the Promised Land. This all could be because the phone is refurbished or needs a hard reset which I intend to do soon. Eitherway, this thing has been way more problematic than anyone should have to deal with. In fact, it just did its random reboot as I was typing this. As far as I know, its the biggest piece of junk from HTC to date and from what I hear they aren't doing anything to make it better.. i.e. they aren't releasing Ice Cream Sandwich for it. HTC prefers you buy a new phone.Frustrated Thunderbolt User

the screen was popped out on the phone which we had to fix.  it was a refurbished phone and when we purchased it online it stated it was new.

Contacts were still in the phone from the previous user!  Phone drops calls.  It didn't come with a charger or instructions! Nothing in the box as a new phone should have.

Really pleased with the quality of this phone, it looked new!  The only problem was one side of the camera didn't work but for the price, the other side of the camera did work and that was good enough!  Great phone, great company!  This is my second purchase from them and very pleased with both!!

Well, even though I paid a discount price for the phone, the original price should have guaranteed that it would take a few drops without breaking te screen. Just considering the price, you would think it would be mildly durable. No, the first drop, screen broken... Cheap product sold for way more than its really worth.

I have had this phone since May of 2011.  The processor is lighting fast, the RAM is more that adequate, and with the 32GB SD card you really shouldn't run out space! Full 720p HD video and 8mp still pictures are amazingly sharp and clear. This phone does everything!The phone DOES need a case, because the battery door can pop off pretty easy when you drop it.  The other recommendation I have, is to buy yourself an extra-capacity battery, and battery cover.  This phone just sucks down the battery!  With regular use, you can expect the stock battery to last about 8 hrs. A battery manager app like "Juice Defender" is helpful too.

My kid loves the phone. He is 19 years old and it was a great price for a 4g. .....

The phone is fine, we just needed it as a basic work phone and it does the job, although it does run slow and freeze up once in awhile.  The worst part in my opinion is that all of the information from the previous owner was retained in the phone - all of their contacts, facebook account, email, everything.  It was even still logged in to some of their accounts.  Fortunately we're not malicious people and we deleted everything, but it's something to be aware of.

If you are reading this review, you are looking for an cheap LTE phone that works well and I'd say this one qualifies.  It is in fact my backup phone should something happen to my HTC Droid DNA within the next 17 months.  I still use it as a wake up alarm clock and bring it out when the kids deserve some App time.When this phone came out, it was fast, but compared to today's 4 core phones, it seems very slow now, but in 2011, it seemed fast.- Update 2/10/2013 - Verizon finally rolled out the ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) update and I have just updated my Thunderbolt to Android 4.0.4 HTC Sense 3.6.  Since I had already replaced this with a HTC Droid DNA as my primary phone, I had to borrow for an hour my wife's HTC Thunderbolt's SIM card and I had no problem getting the update and it installed without a hitch.  It is working well and I would highly recommend the update, there are a lot of nice things that come with going from Android 2.3 to Android 4.0.  In particular, I like being able to create folders now.  Since my Thunderbolt is now an alarm clock / backup-phone-in-case-I-break-my-DNA / Kid's Game machine for the foreseeable future, I wanted it to be as up to date as possible while the update was available.- Update 7/17/2012 - I still like my phone very much and have no regrets at all in buying it. It has been easy to buy accessories and it is one of the first phones to get updates and such.- Update 10/20/2011 - after 5 months I still have no regrets.  I still like my phone and I am especially happy to have been able to get grandfathered into the unlimited rate plans while they lasted (rather than waiting for a dual core phone) as I often go over 10GB per month.>- Update: I have had this phone since 5/11/2011. If you are buying the phone NOW, you are looking for a cheap LTE phone and this HTC Thunderbolt should fit the bill nicely.- Original Review (modified):Some of difference between this phone and others that I would bring to your attention would be:- The HTC Sense browsers word wraps when you pinch zoom into a web page and I love this feature.  Few other phones do this.- The TB has 8GB of onboard memory and 70% of that memory is not available for you to use.This may seem irrelevant with the 32GB SD card that came with it, however many apps will not let you move them to an SD Card- The Thunderbolt feels sturdy and very professional.  I have dropped it numerous times and it has had no ill effect that I can tell.- There is no HDMI port, however this phone does not quite have enough oomph to be a huge video driver anyway.- I REALLY like TB's FastBoot (I turn it "off" every night -- I suspect 1GB of the unavailable memory is used for this feature, tho ideally it would be called suspend so you can still have a true "off" at the same time)- Hulu and Netflix and Skype all work well (all of which work much better with LTE)- The after-market has favored the HTC Thunderbolt.- There are a TON of reviews on this phone. Most are either 1 star or 4 star. If you remove the battery issue from the equation, the vast majority of people love it.- Yes, they SHOULD have given it a bigger battery, but to keep up with the trend of "thin is in", they didn't.  It is a great deal thinner than my Tilt2. So... moving on...- If you are getting horrible better battery life, my main recommendation would be keep the LTE radio off until you need to use it and turn it off again when you are done.  Here in Chicago, there are enough LTE towers that my phone does not drain too much battery life hunting for a signal.  I can easily go 10+ hours on the built in battery.  I routinely get well over 48 hours with the 2,750 mah battery with the 4G/LTE radio on the entire time.- That big and bright screen (for 1/1/2011) devours batteries and with unlimited 4G service and a fast 1GHz processor, you will have it on 3 times as much as you ever thought you would. It is that enjoyable to use. Perhaps this is the source for many of the complaints.  I know we have our screens on far, far longer than we ever had before.- Unlike my mother's HTC phone or my sisters iPhone, I have never once had an issue with my cheek hanging up on people or putting them on hold while I talk (and neither has my wife).  The phone really can tell when you are holding it against your face and turns the screen off as appropriate and turns it back again as soon as you take it away.- More battery tips: I try to always back out of programs until I get to the home screen to make sure they are not running in the background when I turn it off.  I never bother killing an app. Every time our battery seems to not last very long, it is fully attributable to keeping the screen on for extended periods, usually for extended internet browsing or facebooking.  In those instances, I just expect to plug it in soon, as I have with every notebook computer I have ever owned.  Everywhere we turn, we have an option to plug it in, so no big deal.- I can stream 3 straight hours of video over LTE on battery power on my 2,750 battery and still be only down 2 bars (20%).- I normally want a backup battery anyway, so I got an extended battery.  I actually like the extra heft and ridge to hold it. I have fewer worries about battery life than any of my previous 3 smartphones.- Unlimited LTE exposes a wide host of options I never before considered, like streaming Pandora or Hulu while at my desk at the office without going thru the firm's firewall (since it is against stated policy to do so).  This would be an occasion where I would just keep it plugged in.- Before ordering a new phone, I call the phone company to get the unlock code of my previous phone before deactivating it so I can use a SIM card from another country on that phone.  They will generally have no problem doing this when it is out of contract.Regarding getting the phone from AmazonWireless:------------------------------------------------Wow, what a price. 130 plus activation fees (which my corporate account allowed me to avoid) vs 250 from vzw.If you want more control over sorting/filtering the reviews, go to Amazon.com to read these same reviews (instead of wireless.amazon.com)I ordered the phone late at night on the 9th and received it bright and early on the 11th from KY (the delivery estimate was for the 12th).Regarding VerizonWireless initialization:----------------------------------------------I did not turned the phones on (I let VZW do this), but I did charge them up for an hour before heading off to the local VZW store for activation (as AmazonWireless does not do corporate discounts nor phone number rollovers for new family accounts)I arrived without a employment photo id (do not have one) nor a amount-redacted paycheck stub, so I was sent back home to get one as they do not discuss corporate discounts without such proof.I also needed to bring the AT&T; account number (which I got by calling 611, but bringing the invoice would have been faster).I also should have printed that email that AmazonWireless sent with the phone numbers as it would have speeded up the process.VZW first activated the phone numbers that arrived with the phones and then ported over our AT&T; #s and about 1 hour later the AT&T; phones were disconnected and the new phones were ready to use with our old #s. (very fast)If you order more than one phone... keep everything separate! I threw everything into one bag and they spend a good 10 minutes looking up their records to figure out which 4G card went with which phone. I still suspect it did not matter, but they wanted to be on the safe side.If you arrive with your old phones and your google account information handy, they were happy to assist you in setting it up and transferring the data over (I did not, so I did it myself)I receive a Welcome to VZW text next day with links to walk me thru setting it up (I have not yet used this, but I have kept it as it seems it may be useful)I have found thru my own experience and a good amount of googling, that the cheaper data plan is fine if you are using Corporate Microsoft Exchange email with ActiveSync. I am not sure why they have two plans and neither did the folks at the Verizon Wireless store.Regarding the phone itself:--------------------------------To use the speakerphone, there is an option to just put it face down on a flat surface.I almost wish it had a stylus. I clicked the wrong item far too often, but I am getting much better at it.It feels very solid and pleasant to hold and has already survived two 4' falls onto concrete.  get a screen protector ASAP!  I didn't and it is now badly scratched, but the Zagg screen protector made these scratches invisible.)As a phone, it does not have the best voice quality by any means, but it is usable and loud enough. It sounds much like our computer sounding VOIP system at work rather than a traditional voice line (it SEEMS to be doing VOIP over 4G, in which case it would affect most 4G phones. The same quality was mentioned in a review of the Charge). I was in upper Door County last weekend where there is no 3G signal and sure enough, voices sounded human again.I was surprised to find that headphones must be unplugged when receiving a phone call, otherwise the mic does not work. You need an adaptor with a mic that allows for quality headphones to listen to music. I just unplug the headphones.I use it for listening to music with headphones A LOT. (Pandora or FM Radio)The camera is okay, but not nearly as good as I was hoping, however the software to control it has a lot of cool options for a cell phone.A lot of gripe has been made about the position of the usb port and I agree it probably should have been place on the other side of the phone so you can view it on the kickstand sideways while plugged in.The designers likely put it there for the HTC Desktop Docking Station for HTC Thunderbolt Docking stationCharges HTC Thunderbolt with standard or extended battery on deviceCharges Spare Standard or Extended BatteryAngled for better viewingHOWEVER!!! Since I have the Seidio extended battery, I use Seidio's case for this phone which that has a kickstand built into it that allows you to view it from either side (usb side up) and they also sell a desktop docking station in which you do not have to remove this case.Seidio ACTIVE Case for HTC 2750mAh and Seidio Innocell Extended Life Batteries for HTC ThunderBolt - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - BlackandSeidio BD3-CRDHTMEC Desktop Cradle Kit for HTC ThunderBolt - Cradle - Retail Packaging - Black(tho the BD2 alternative is 10 bucks cheaper by not including a travel charger).As not all apps rotate to allow you to have the USB port up, the docking station was a good buy for me and allows the volume buttons to be on the top and easily accessible.A lot of gripe has been made about the lack of an HDMI out. Know that there is a Media Link Adaptor coming soon that will allow you to view on HDMI via DLNA (tho it costs WAY too much money... but wireless does make more sense). Personally, I do not see the point. I already have a HTPC setup, so I have a much better method to stream video to my HDMI TV.I had to buy adaptors and cables for the multiple locations we charge (home/work/car).BlackBerry USB Cable Micro USB 1.0m (Black)Amzer Handy Converter Mini USB Connector to Micro USBI have no problems with WiFi or USB tethering. LTE is faster than my home DSL connection.PDANet would not work without first installing HTCSync (and then uninstalling it... it leaves behind the drivers you want... there are three different uninstall icons), but once installed, I was getting 7Mbps down and 1.7Mbps up via usb modem on my notebook according to DSL Reports (my at&t; dsl line maxes out at 2.6 Mbps down and 0.7 Mbps up).I have had no problems at all with it getting too hot.All my smartphones have been built by HTC and I have been content with their quality and they have been reasonably on top of their software updates.I experience no hiss at all listening to Pandora with my AKG K 272 HD High-Definition Headphones at any volume and I listen to it every workday and have a good ear (or so I like to think as a former musician).The Mount as Disk Drive option also seems to require HTCSync to be installed (see comments for link).  Again, you may uninstall HTCSync after it installed the underlying drivers you need.It is much closer of an experience to using a computer rather than a phone.  It certainly is faster and has a higher resolution screen than my first 4 computers, each of which cost thousands of dollars.  The AmazonApps store is addicting with its free app of the day and its abilty to browse the internet and see exactly the same website as on my desktop with just the same speed is abolutely amazing.  My "7.2Mbps" AT&T; Tilt2 had the ability (sans flash) but was so slow as to make it a waste of my time.Regarding Apps:--------------------As a new Andriod user, it took me days to figure out that you can swipe down the top bar and click on an app running in the background and be right back where you left off.  Too bad you cannot actually close apps from here tho.The video recording volume IS too low, but acceptable for my needs and there may be a software fix coming in the future.I use Swype, however I really like the HTC on-screen keyboard. A big reason for wanting a huge power draining screen was to have a surface large enough for my big fingers to hit the correct keys. I always had a physical keyboard before, and I was very reluctant to lose it. I still wish I could see the entire screen while typing, but it is not as bad as I had feared.Swype however still does not automatically include spaces in text messages (tho it does everywhere else) and it is still a bit of a pain to get it to work as expected when just typing letters.  It took a while to figure out that the back hardware button was used by Swype to hide the keyboard.Roboform is working quite nicely on it. It behaves like it is an entirely different internet browser. I tend to start at the Roboform list when I want to browse to a password protected website or a site I know I bookmarked within Roboform.I really like the HTC Sense UI. I am seeing no downside at all so far, but then again, I am not using it for email or contacts or facebook or tasks, I am using Touchdown to sync with my office's Exhange server. My wife uses Facebook every day, but uses the htc web browser not the HTC Facebook App.It is nice having at multiple AppStores to choose from: (VZW, AmazonApps, KindleBooks, and MarketAndroid) Interestingly enough, AmazonApps allows more than one phone on one account.Regarding Verizon's pre-loaded apps. Personally I think the issue is widely overblown. They seem to do little harm and do not consume any measurable amount of battery power.The wording on the Settings/Power/Fast Boot options is a bit confusing. You want to check the box to get fast boot. It defaults to NOT checked for broadest app compatibility. When FastBoot is enabled, the TB just hibernates instead of truly turning all the way off so it will turn on again and be usable in 10 seconds (tho reacquiring the signal take a bit longer). Nice if you want to conserve battery power and want to turn your phone "off" at night. If you want to reset your phone, just choose restart instead of power off.My TB arrived with Android 2.2.1, then Verizon updated it to Android 2.3.4, then Android 4.0.4

Don't get this phone. That battery will not last over 1hr I talk to the Ppl they got me to move my first review and then when I tried to get back to them they would never get back to me

I've had this phone since 2/2011, I switched from my IPhone 3gs and never regreted it. It has been the best phone I ever had. Super fast, clear pictures, multiple language texting options, lots of memory space..etc. I now have to look for a new upgrade because it's starting to give out on me and Verizon has retired this phone and HTC never made a new model. I'm having a tough time finding one, makes me sad to part with this one, but I think I've pushed it to its limits.

This product is categorized as UNLOCKED. Nobody compensates you for time lost and other costs other than what u paid

This is a nice phone. I broke my other droid phone and replaced it with this one. I am very happy with it.

I needed a Verizon sim card in order to activate this phone. If I would have known that I needed a sim card in order to turn the phone on, I wouldn't have purchased the phone. The description should have been clearer that a sim card is needed

it was the first 4g lte Verizon wireless phone I owned but now the phone isn't that great. a lot of known issues.

Unfortunately I cannot review the device thoroughly because I haven't been able to use it. I do not reside in the US, so when I ordered it if I'm not mistaken it was advertised as unlocked. However it is locked to Verizon and I can't use my carrier's sim card in it.

DO NOT BUY!!!!FAKE FAKE!!! CHEAP SOFTWARE KNOCK OFF!!!I chose one star because the product was not &#34;new&#34; as described by the glowing &#34;NEW&#34; sign on the post. There is a difference between new /new condition/refurbished, being that &#34;new condition&#34; or &#34;refurbished&#34; still means its USED. when i got the phone it came in a cheap box with cheap chargers and a cheap usb cable. not to mention that the screen was loose. But wait! Therese More! when i turned it on it turns out that the phone wasn't even real. its a high quality knock off. I recognized one of the app icons and its an app that allows the phone interface to function as an android. I ddint even need to see that to know it was fake, the moment you turn it on it looks pixelated and fake, and looks nothing like the interface of an Android HTC should!!!! DO NOT BUY!!! only good thing i can say is that it got here on time.

My sim card doesnt work with this phone I have the right sim card I just dont know why I have emailed but got nothing back yet I understand that yall r busy.

This has been the best phone I could dream of. After a year I dropped my phone from a distance on concrete and smashed the screen I got another one. And now I did the same thing while I had the case off, so buying another one. Because... This phone rocks.The touch screen that I didn't want in the first place, works great. Glad I did try this phone out. I had another touch screen that just didn't do what I was trying to get it to do and it was so bad I was never going to buy a touch screen phone again.The phone itself is fast and fun. If you are on it playing on the net of course its gonna suck up power. What do you expect? This is a laptop the size of a tv remote you should be grateful it works longer than an hour.I loved this phone so much I even got one for my wife. She downloaded kids games to keep them busy on the go.Customize... ABLE! This thing has conformed to me needs. Besides a few things this phone is perfection.I live in BFE... And this phone gets better reception than ANY phone including IPhone. I do not like the IPhone... It sux. And all the monopolies of Apple products.Apps... Oh the apps are what make this phone so useful. I don't even bother transfering files from my computer. Since this phone I dont use a computer anymore. I just open my app and type the name of the song and I get a free list of downloads. I pick the song, downloads is about 4-5 seconds and bam! The song I was in the mood for is now in my playlist. And unlike iPhone, I can transfer that file to any of my other devices.I will keep this phone even after my contract is up. Which will be a first. I have always had the best phones since the Zack Morris huge cell phone days.Get a good cover... Especially if you are rough on your phones... I have my original battery in... I still only charge once a night unless I am on craigslist for hours at a time or watching netflix.Hope this

I purchased my phone with all knowledge of it being a used device, I knew it would not be in mint condition, upon receipt however it physically was in wonderful condition,  actually better than I had expected.  I powered it up and it worked exquisitely UNTIL the battery power level reached approximately 2/3 charged, once it reached that level it would just shut itself off and powering it up again was impossible unless plugged into a charger. I ran a diagnostic on the os, factory reset my device tried everything I knew in attempts to fix the problem resulting in absolutely no luck. So I began examining the device itself,  this is when I finally uncovered the issue, the battery itself was bad, swollen up to near the point of exploding, well this discovery was of course a bit disheartening seeing as how I made the purchase of a cellular phone for use of it in all of its amenities not a phone that kept me stationary.... though this was a major annoying inconvenience I already had all intentions of upgrading to an extended life battery,  I just budgeted it in sooner than I had planned, but as soon as the new battery went into use it performs exquisitely.... never shy away from used or refurbished products if you are looking to purchase items which are affordable for you in no other way just dont expect perfection every time and dont get too disappointed if it is not in perfect condition usually the problems are easily rectified.  Definitely worth every cent plus, that I have spent on this item.

I ordered on a Friday expecting this to take a week to arrive.  I was all set mentally to expect it the following week.  To my delight and utmost suprise I received a call from the office that a package had arrived for me the VERY NEXT DAY!!!!!  I cannot emphase enough, this arrived the very next day... a Saturday!Ok, I opened it, inserted the battery to see if it would work.  AGAIN to my suprise they had charged the battery!!!!Now I had an instantly working, in magnificient shape with NO VISABLE SCRATCHES OR ANY OTHER FLAWS, I'll repeat, working phone!!!I WILL BUY FROM YOU GUYS ANYTIME.  YOU ARE WELCOME TO GIVE MY E-MAIL TO WHOMEVER  QUESTIONS WHAT YOUR INTEGRITY IS LIKE.Carol

phone does not stay charged over 1 hour. several hours to charge. battery cover does not fit. extended battery I ordered came as regular battery and will not work in phone

Great phone from what I can see. I use no contract service but I purchase unlimited. For this phone you have to have a contract. So I have to return it. I will be buying again from Amazon, service was great!

I have been using my HTC Thunderbolt for about a year now, and I have found it to be a very powerful phone with flaws that are inherent to a 1st gen product (with regard to 4G LTE).Pro:Screen size AND aspect ratio - the 4.3" screen was big when this phone came out one year ago in July '11.  At the time, I thought this was going to be the physical limit on smartphone screen sizes - boy was I wrong haha  The resolution is 800x480, which is low by today's standard, but this was the highest resolution available on the android side at the time of this phone's launch.  One thing I've come to love is the screen's aspect ratio.  This phone has very thin bezels framing the screen.  I simply love this.  Compared to the a same size 4.3" 720P phone (ex. Rezound), the Thunderbolt's screen is noticeably wider and negligibly shorter.  This makes for a much more useful screen in everyday use, such as Google map, browsing, etc.  The Rezound's 720P screen, which by the way is gorgeous and has even higher pixel density than the "retina display" on the iphone 4s, shows you less content except with movies and videos, where its 16:9 ratio minimizes black bars.  Honestly though, I don't watch much video on my phone, and I prefer to see more in things like Google map versus less black bar while watching video.4G LTE - this was the first 4G phone for Verizon, and it was a SCREAMER.  When I first got the phone last summer, Verizon was just rolling out its 4G network.  Here in NC, I was getting anywhere from 25 to 50 Mbps download and 8 to 15+ Mbps upload (verified by the Speedtest ookla app).  The download speed has tapered off a bit now, no doubt due to the fact that now most people are on 4G.  But still, it's pretty incredible that my phone's connection is comparable to my Road Runner Turbo (20/2 here in NC) at home!  The upload speed is actually much, much faster than my RR turbo.Using internet/data while on a call - this phone is actually able to do simultaneous data and call over BOTH 3G and 4G!  I could not believe Verizon did not advertise this out the wazoo, because at the time of launch, AT&T; was making an ad attack on Verizon saying Verizon's network could not handle using internet while on a call.  This was true, except for the Thunderbolt!  I've personally verified this on both 3G and 4G.  I was able to access apps, check emails and in general use data while on a call without any problem.  I didn't thought this would be a big deal until I had to look up directions on google map while during a call.  Very useful feature.Kickstand - this might be a love-it-or-hate-it thing, but I've found the kickstand on this phone to be VERY useful.  It's elegantly designed and very robustly built.  The hinge has a solid and satisfying spring assisted snap to it.  You can prop up the phone both portrait and landscape.  For one thing, this makes the phone a super alarm clock for me without the need for a dock.  I am a minimalist by nature and I love it!Call quality - believe it or not, I still make calls with my phone - sometimes :)  The sound quality for both incoming and outgoing is great.  And as much as I hate Verizon's more expensive plans, they do have a very decent network which no doubt contributes to this phone's great call quality.Good build quality - I've dropped this phone once or twice without a case and it's survived gracefully.  There are scratches of course, but I am very impressed.  Overall there are no creaks or otherwise cheap feel to this phone.  Very impressive since it's not built on an uni-body construction.Cons:Battery life - this has to be the biggest drawback for this phone.  Being a first generation 4G phone, this phone used a discrete 4G modem chip that was power hungry.  Combine that with a woefully small OEM battery (only 1400 mah), and you have very bad battery life performance.  It's like outfitting a Corvette with a two gallon capacity fuel tank.  You can go really fast but you will be out of juice very soon, too.Over the past year, I've been able to coax a useful almost-one-day battery life out of this phone by a) forcing it to 3G and b) rooting it to get rid of the Verizon bloatware.  There is also the extended battery, which doubles the battery capacity (2750 mah) but adds a bump and more weight to an already bulky phone.  Recently, I bought a Rezound OEM battery, which fits this phone with the standard battery cover.  The difference was very noticeable!  That battery should have shipped with the Thunderbolt.  I would definitely recommend getting a Rezound battery (I bought from Amazon for $12) for this phone.Bulk - this phone is not wafer thin nor feathery light.  The weight I actually don't mind - it feels like the premium product.  I wish the phone could be thinner, though.  What really makes the size a bit frustrating is the fact that with this bulk, HTC could have fitted a much larger battery inside, thus alleviating the battery life issue.Speakerphone position - the speaker on this phone is hidden behind the kickstand when it's flush against the phone.  Therefore, the sound is a little bit muffled, unless you open the kickstand.  Not a big deal really, as it is still plenty loud.Data connectivity - this phone had some teething problems with the initial software (froyo).  After the upgrade to Gingerbread (android 2.3), this phone was much, MUCH better and stable.  Of course, mine is rooted so... ;)[Update March 1st, 2013]FYI - Verizon released the Android 4.0 (ice cream sandwich or ICS) for the Thunderbolt! Finally, after nearly a year of delay.

The kick stand works great! The touch screen works great! The volume and power buttons work great! The aux port works great! The charging port works great! The camera and video work great! The speaker is nice and loud even though the kickstand is over it.  The 4G works great!  ** The phone did not come with an SD card, so is not able to take any pics or video until I bought one.** (10 bucks) ** The orig battery is not that great, it only lasts me half a day or so before I needed to plug it in. So I got an Anker battery ** (10 bucks) ** I also got a rubber case,(5 Bucks) and clear screen protecters.(2 bucks) I like this phone a lot , the screen has not froze on me either.

I ordered this phone to replace a Droid 2 that only lasted a week.  I purchased this phone because HTC resolved the random reboot issue that a lot of android phones have.  This phone was advertised to be in mint condition. Mint condition implies "without blemish".  this phone was also categorized as new on the amazon page.  When I received the phone, it was floating loosely inside of the cell phone packaging.  The cell phone packaging looked very used.  The battery was not OEM.  Inside of the battery compartment was very dirty and dinged up.  This phone was clearly not in mint condition.  If I had known I was buying a used phone, I could have saved a fortune and had gone with a refurb.  The only reason that I have not returned it is because the screen is in good condition and the functionality of the phone seems to be as expected. be cautioned when buying a "mint condition" phone from this vendor.

I am not receiving about 40% of my texts and whenever I turn it off or pull the battery, it will not turn back on.

The phone screen was loose from the back of the phone, which was not described.  The battery lasted about 1hr and the charger did not work.

The first month I  activated the phone, It worked fine. a month later the phone runs very hot and battery will not hold charge for even half hour....I have to keep it on charge for any downloads or try to get on the internet. I'm still waiting for the seller to get back to me....Stay away from this phone people....There is a reason why Verizon discontinued .

This has been a fraud. The HTC ThunderBolt 4G LTE Android Phone (Verizon Wireless) was supposed to be new and it is NOT and was supposed to be unlocked and it is NOT. I am very upset and not at all happy.

The HTC Thunderbolt worked ok when I first got it 14 months ago, but its performance has slowly but surely degraded each month.  I have to restart the phone every week because it moves super slow and the internet connection is always dieing on my.I'm actually on my second HTC Thunderbolt because I turned in my first one after it died, but the new one isn't much better.  My old iPhone 3GS was much faster, worked better and never had to be restarted.  I wish Apple would make a phone with a large scree, I would buy it in a heartbeat.The phone got automatically upgraded to Android 4.0 recently and that just got slower and worse.

This is easily the worst phone I have ever owned.  The battery life is truly awful.  I haven't had the 4g LTE antenna on in almost 4 months and it still usually cannot make it through the day.  I don't even watch videos, just check email and surf the web.At this point I sincerely hope that no one is considering this phone, there are so many newer and better options available.

Great phone and service got my phone way before the due date and that made me happy because I can't live without my phone

As a broke college student I really feel compelled to write a review about this phone in particular (not the seller); I purchased the HTC thunderbolt at a Verizon store in Madison and initially, it was love at first sight. My brother had raved about it to me and sure enough, when I arrived in the store, it did not disappoint. The phone was sturdy and I actually initially preferred it to my iphone. This is what makes the HTC thunderbolt an even more disappointing experience; at it's core, it is truly a phenomenal phone. However, in time I began to have issues. The most glaring problem is the sheer and utter lack of battery life. I have always charged my phone overnight yet in the morning when I would take it to class the phone's battery life would begin to dissipate at an alarmingly fast rate.This is not the result of careless misuse of the phone; upon purchase I immediately got a case and protective screen cover, handling my device with the upmost case due to it's steep price.  At first, a whole night's worth of charging would only get me about two hours of use. Now, after a mere year in my possession, the moment I take it off my charger it tells me the battery is almost dead. And the worst part is, when I make a phone call, if I am not connected to the charger the thunderbolt will immediately close out the call and turn off. Just like that. so now I have to carry a charger with me at all times to maintain some semblance of functionality. As a matter off fact, what prompted me to write this review is that the phone closed out on me while charging just now. My experience made me question myself; I reasoned that there was no way people were shelling out this kind of money to receive such subpar results-I must have been given a defunct phone. But just today I spoke with a friend of me who went into a frustrated tirade about a phone she'd just purchased that kept shutting down on her while she was in the middle of a call. Sure enough, it was an HTC thunderbolt. There is no excuse for a phone of this price to deliver such mediocre results. Absolutely none. I have purchased an extended battery for mine but am counting the days till my upgrade so I can purchase another device. I guess the thing that really irks me is that if the company would take some time to fix these few glitches this would have been a five star experience, not a groan inducing annoyance. For all those looking into a new phone, please take your money elsewhere. If you're going to invest this kind of money for a phone, you deserve one of outstanding quality-the HTC thunderbolt does not fit the bill.

Received this phone way before the due date. Have it now about a month and no problems whatsoever. Great purchase and great service from this seller.

This is a horrible phone its really slow with surfing the net. I have never had a phone that was so useless in my life.

As a new smart phone user, I really like this phone. it was easy to set up and easy to use. The touch is hard to get used to but gets easier everyday. I also have the extended battery so I only need to recharge at the end of the day. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is upgrading from a 'dumb' phone, you won't be disappointed.

product as described. great. good replacement for my broken phone. A lot more cheaper than the phones on sale/refurbished on actual verizon stores.

Bought this for my son after he had lost his iphone 4. After asking him a few times how he liked it, he told me he loved it and that it was better than the iphone! It's well worth the money!!

Got a good deal on the phone because it had the 32GB card vs the 8GB.  Works well and has a lot of bell and whistles from my last smart phone.  A common issue with cell phone is the battery life between charges.  With the big screen on the phone the battery runs out faster than most smart phones.

what this is the the worst china maifactor using sub standard parts. the Wi-FI Dose not work.. every time I turn on the phone wi-fi dose not turn on! I taken out the battery. I reset the phone. i tryed going though the settings. what ever I do the problem dose not get fixed. when it dose happen to turn on. right all of a sudden it goes out. when 4G just put out on the market. HTC had problems with there phones. the first one I tryed EVO 4G (Sprint) the worst celluar phone service provider. over heated and bad back light. many time the screen look peach not white. then I tryed this  Thunderbolt 4G LTE well it looks like a good phone. the weight dose not feel cheap. it feels like I am holding a phone. the case dose not feel cheap like the Galaxy phones. however as long as the Wi-FI design dose not work. I cannot use the phone. No app store download, No youtube. No nothing on the internet using Wi-FIand if you think that is another problem oh yes there isplaying video files aka AVI video filesI taken out my 32 GB micro SD out of my Acer Tablet. all the video files work fine on Acer Tablet. then I used the same mico SD on the Thunderbolt 4G LTE  I have files that do not work. why? whats wrong? Dose not tell me what is wrong and what to do about it. its like dealing with Windows Vista. whats with the bugs? why the files are bad when its not? Dose not tell me what to do about it.I have no clue how to fix it.HTC have the worst customer service. what ever you do never call HTC tech support. all there want is the contract on the phone.if you like me for example refuse to do a contract. why do a 2 year contract on a phone that Wi-Fi Dose not work. and cannot update he firmware. why do a 2 year contract with verizion on a phone that HTC dose not have tech support and the worst customer service? the other worst cosutmer service belongs to Motorola and Apple Computers and Sam Sung. when ever something is broken due to manifactor defective. all they do is sell a new one why pay for the same thing twice when it dose not work? any way I am trying to get a exchange or a refund. my question is is this phone worth a 2nd attempt ? or play it safe ask for a refund?There anther queatrion all power supplys have the usb cable to it. why the cheap generic no usb cable power supply that was not supplyed with the HTC? why the Generic Power supply?then the manual thats on the disc? that is missing?this is not a brand new phone its a phone that was sold once then its defevtive then tryed to fix it  and HTC did not do there job. then re-sell it to a dealer as brand new. well why the no HTC brand name power supply? why the no usb cable for the power supply? why is the phone broken out of the box? why dose retail box that comes with it looks like its been open then taped back together. when I noted this I had a gut feeling this is not going to work and I was right. now I have to worry about sending it back.

The product does not work correctly. In yhe beginning the battery would not take nor hold a charge. Now the phone charges completely but will not stay on for more than a second and the battery life depletes. I will be sending the phone back and  I will be asking for a refund of my seventy-nine dollars. I do not like for my electronics to not work especially if I have paid for them to work.

Bought my HTC Thunderbolt the week they came out 2.5 years ago and its been nothing but fabulous. No problems at all except when it needed a new battery. Two weeks ago I dropped it (didn't have the protective case on), and shattered the screen. Rather than get a "free" phone from Verizon, I'm buying another Thunderbolt new from HTC. I watch Netflix on it, send emails, browse the web, take and send pictures, check my Facebook and Twitter accounts, keep up with my workouts and tax deductible expenses, plan menus and my To Do list, and gets me wherever it is I'm trying to go without a hitch. There is nothing this phone can't do that I need done. It's unfortunate that so many people had problems with their phone. Happily, I'm not one of them!

After getting the latest update, the battery life is amazing on this phone. I can leave it off the charger overnight for 10 hours, and it will only deplete the battery about 6%. It's a really sturdy phone that's not liekly to quit after getting dropped, feels really nice in my hand..Only problem I have is this: You gotta clean the cache often or it'll lag a lot.

It. Arrived. Two. Days. Before. The. Actual. Date ; I. Will. Definitely. Purchase. ;  Described. Like. He. Said. ; I'm. Happy. Overall. ; THANKS

I could hardly wait until  my HTC ThunderBolt 4G LTE Android ( Verizon Wireless) came. It does everything verizon says it does.  It's very easy to learn how to work.  It was a good price,it takes good picture.  I'm very happy with my purchase.  Yes I would recommend to my family,friends,and any one interested in purchasing this phone.

This phone has brought me nothing but heartache. The battery life is absolutely horrid, even with mild texting and the occasional phone call the batter lasts me about three hours at most. Sitting idle in my pocket the phone will last roughly five hours. This is labeled as a &#34;smart phone&#34;, do not be deceived. The internet speed is slower than internet explorer running on a 90's dial up connection. It simply is not internet capable, and forget about putting an app on this phone that was not pre-installed. It will not run the app, and if luck should find you and the phone runs the app, it will lag terribly.Also forget about texting, the keyboard is the most unresponsive piece of work, next to a sack of bricks. You will constantly drop your calls or simply will not be able to make calls from this device. After a few short month of owning the phone, with mild use i might add. The phones power button decided to not work, shortly followed by the screen display not working.This phone is not worth the dust off the face of the earth, please seek another phone. HTC is not worth your money. I am thoroughly disappointed with this product and will NEVER support HTC in my lifetime.

Had some trouble with the phone that was sent and the gentleman I spoke to resolved the issue immediately and professionally.  Things can't go perfect all the time but when there was a problem they resolved it right away....

Loving this phone!! It's fast and up to date. It's fashionable with lots of interchangeable cases! You need to get one.

Overall it's a great phone! the camera is remarkable!  everything works great! 2 things I don't like is the way the email is set up and you can't see how much your battery has charged- it's either yellow light or green light- no &#34;50% charged&#34; or anything.  but everything else is great!

I got the phone and the power button did not work. It also didnt come with a charger. I give this product 0 stars. I purchased it from a company or name of Zeetron, and I feel they should have checked the product more thoroughly. Very dissatisfied. I know it has one star but it wont submit unless a star rating is selected.

Its reception is always suck even with a good provider, no matter where you located. With the same provider I always see that iphone or Samsung is many times faster than HTC.The battery life of HTC is miserable -  it dies about half a day. I bought a high capacity battery, but the internet stopped working with it. So I had to put back the factory battery and it dies after few hours.Also the phone has so many defects - maps crash, radio crashes, some apps don't even work or work too slow, its latest OS-core version is always behind most or probably all androids. Its fare to say this phone is a defect itself. Other HTC phones have the same problems.I rate it 2 starts (not 1) because this phone doesn't const too much. Nothing else good.

thunder bolt broke in two week. not worth buying get an other phone. spend the money get new phone. like the new phone that are out there.

Worst phone I've ever had. A touch sensor for the screen went bad after a few months, so I was unable to even unlock my phone or dial 911. I had to replace my phone shortly after.

It's not as good as the Bionic. I was upgrading to 4GLTE outside of an upgrade, so I was in the market for a used phone. I actually loved the Thunderbolt (I love HTC interface), but with the extended battery, it messed with my wifi, GPS, Bluetooth, and 4g signals (it wasn't a broken phone, it worked fine, just issues with signals b/c of battery cover I think). I returned the Thunderbolt and tried the Bionic. Well worth it (see my review of the Bionic).The Bionic is better, at least that was my experience. If you're considering the Thunderbolt, especially with extended battery, spend a little more and get the Bionic. HTC has a better interface, but the Bionic just works, really well.I gave 3 of 5 b/c I think it's a great phone, but with extended battery it's risky, just go w/ bionic.

Great performance, 3G and 4G are properly fast, Android is really good, you can customize it a lot; also enormous number of Apps available for all kinds of things. Nice screen with great size, and the phone is not very bulky, fine on that subject. Its Processor and RAM memory should be better though, it's not that great when compared to newer phones. Also battery life could be improved.

Bought a defective phone. Returned it and they sent it back saying it was physically damaged. It was never dropped and never got wet. The screen just went blank. Don't waste your time or money! Don't buy from mobile spree.

Phone was great! I had battery issues about a month after I got it... They sent me another one right away.... Couple of months later the same thing happened it wouldn't power on... Well I got a new phone... You get what you pay for!!

I was fed up with my iphone so i decited to get this phone. it seamed great at first! but ive had it for about a week now and its driving me crazy! The charger doesn't like to charge the phone so I have to fiddle around with it for about ten minutes before it actually charges. besides that its pretty slow but its not awful, but all in all i would recommend spending your money on an iphone. I got so fed up with this phone that i don't really want a phone anymore!

Do not like HTC and this phone sucked. The battery port goes out really easily, and verizon wouldn't fix it. dropped it once, and part of my touch screen stop responding to touch. not fond of this phone at all.

I Ordered a  HTC ThunderBolt 4G LTE Android Phone (Verizon Wireless) from Erik Drzazinski on June 14 2013 and I got it in the mail on June 21 2013 and I was denied a return from Sender Erik Drzazinski so make shear you don't order from this provider  Erik Drzazinski keep watch for Erik Drzazinski... Thanks

I bought the HTC Thunderbolt without an upgrade with Verizon when it was originally released. The cash price was over $600. (I never use the offered upgrade because I have an unlimited talk/text/data/hotspot plan that Verizon or any other cell provider offers for the price I am paying.) The HTC Thunderbolt was worth every penny 3 years ago, so I was devastated when the replacement extended battery I recently purchased fried the touch screen, micro sd card and processor.There are so many cell phone companies that offer decent phones, but I am a fan of HTC. Their phones are dependable, rugged, easy to operate. Yes, the phone is older than the newer larger screen phones, but it has the best hotspot in the business. The hotspot on my phone works better than my son's Motorola Maxx , my daughters Samsung Galaxy 5 and my household internet .The only serious drawbacks about the Thunderbolt is the placement of the built-in stand and charging port, they interfere with each other. Lastly sometimes the screen turns while in a call which can either make a 3rd party call or hang your call up.

I suppose I jumped the gun in buying the first 4G phone that Verizon had available.  The first couple of weeks, I had to return two different phones because of SD card issues and constant turning off by itself.  In the last month, it has started shutting itself down 2-3 times a week, even on full battery.  Some days the battery will last 12-14 hours, while other days in the exact same conditions, it may only last 6.  The 4G shows connectivity, but as soon as an app is opened, it loses connection.  Exit app, and connectivity is back.  At least the WI-FI works good.  All things considered, the phone is very disappointing.

had to replace my HTC Rezounds and needed an economical no-contract choice. The Thunderbolt is an excellent choice and OEM Battery Depot shipped it fast, provided great service and sent me two brand spanking new smartphones. Highly recommend this company.

My wife has a 3G HTC which she has loved for over three years, but will be returning it to the office as she is retiring March 31. The new 4G HTC Thunderbolt is lighter, faster, has a larger screen and so far is significantly superior to her old unit. I can't get her to put it away!!!

I love my phone, it works great, very happy with my purchase. Not the latest version but price was right.

I ordered a phone from this seller on 17 Feb, and was promised to receive between 22-26 Feb. However, after inquiring about the shipment on 25 Feb, I learn they never shipped it due to a personal family manner.  While I do understand, things happen in life, this is about business for me.  I have been without a cell phone for over a week. On the 25 Feb the seller tells me that they will now ship UPS which will cost them more and I will receive within 4 days. Unacceptable, I'm sorry... Its not my fault they had to pay extra for failure to ship as promised, simply not acceptable.  I requested a FULL refund and will not use this seller again.Now I have to go to Verizon and pay more for the phone, but at least I will have it TODAY!

This phone drops calls, random dials, terrible battery life, rearranges icons , drops app icons.  I am never buying another HTC product again.  Android operating system is also questionable.

My daughter broke her &#34;contracted&#34; phone so I looked over the options online and was able to find a suitable and even possible upgrade to her Lucid.Price was great, much better than that of Verizon's refurbished options.  The Thunderbolt came earlier than expected through the mail that I paid std shipping for, was packaged well, and also had a note from the seller jic there was a problem.The phone was as close to as new shape as could be expected, extremely happy that the screen was perfect!Daughter has used it (a lot) and reports that she is very happy with the phone!  This exchange made the hunt for a quick replacement phone extremely easy and I am very Thankful!  Awesome :)

The phone could not be activated with Verizon.  Other than that, it looked nice, but wasn't useful so I had to return it.

Good service. Got the phone in the timing that was told to me. The only problem was that it did not have the required sim card for verizon and the sd card that is suppose to come with the phone was not in it. However, if this is the way it was sold,then it should have been noted in the price. I am very happy with my phone and with the service. I will definitely use this seller again. Thank you for the AWESOME service.

The phone came with a bad battery. The phone itself seems fine, but it keeps dying. As soon as the new battery arrives, I will be able to rate the phone better. I was going to return it, but when the phone I purchased to replace it finally arrived (it took much longer than Amazon purchases usually take) it was missing a sim card.  The offer to not clearly state that a sim card would be included, but &#34;like new&#34; implies that it should be ready to use. My overall experience with buying cell phones has gone from Excellent (the iPhone 4 that I bought for my daughter came early and ready to use) to questioning whether I want to do this again.

Battery never fully charged and would tell everyone to avoid this phone as you can carry it with out plug.

I was looking for a replacement for a phone that broke and didn't want to buy a new verizon phone until my renewal is up later this year.After reading the reviews for this phone I thought it was a good fit for what I was looking for. I expedited shipping and paid the extra to get my phone in one day. Amazons service was great and my phone arrived in one day.The problem was that the vendor whom I purchased from JIVAGO lied and delivered a false product. They sold it as a new phone. This phone was obviously not new. I could tell just by the package the phone came in. Yes, it was a Verizon box with a seal... But one of those seals that was replaced. Inside the box came the thunderbolt phone by Verizon, a battery and a phone charger not original to the actual phone, just a crappy one made in China type. And the SD card was not included. Also the box did not include the user manual. So I decided since I was desperate for a phone, to put the battery in and charge it to see how it worked. Well the battery also did not look like an original and there was a sticker inside the phone with a 2013 date.. The obviously being a phone made in 2011 seemed now like it was obviously a used and refurbished phone being resold on Amazon as a New phone as stated by the vendor. I was livid beacuse it makes my question more and more the credibility of Amazon and how they screen vendors and evaluate products.Well... To top it all off... The phone never did charge and cannot be turned on. So all in all I am left yet again with another phone that doesn't work. I will be returning the product on Monday and will not ever purchase from this vendor named JIVAGO.

So frustrating... Just in time that I have activated the phone with Verizon Wireless, their compatibility app changed that it became useless to use. So frustrating it crashes every 5 mins or freezes, I slammed.  HTC Nor Verizon didn't have an update to make thus damn cell phone usable!

Im so happy with this phone,I bought it cause I saw the review on cnet,fabulous sound,especially with free ewualizer apps from Google,bass boost,volume boost,etc,it puts most of my friends phones,kids have asked to trade iphones for my thunderbolt,no way,for performance,I bought a bigger battery and door from horizon,oh yea better new phones dual core,quad core phones with better resolutionl,ok but not better sound,I piggy-back 2 equalizer apps at once,take that I-phone,galaxy etc,best sounding phone hands down,not bad for other asks either. Steve Woolf

We recived this the other day. My wife slipped on ice and broke her S3 a few weeks ago. Thought we had insurance but what do you know we didnt. Would not recomend buying a cell phone plan from walmart. Anyways I found this for a resonable price and bought it. We went to verizon and set it up in a matter of minutes. The phone arrived in prestine condition, and my wife loves it. It is a great little smartphone for the money. Thanks.

Ok so I purchased this HTC thunderbolt phone from amazon andI tried activating it and so far its not compatible for a prepaid phonePlan. So I've been told that, only 3G iPhones and other phones areAre available for prepaid..."EXCEPT!! 4G phones". So for those outThere...get a 3G phone so you can have a prepaid plan. Thx.Bye.

I thought I was buying a 'refurbished' unit. What I got was a used unit, complete with scratches and grit in the grooves. I may have had the odd unit, but I did get amazing Customer Support and a quick refund.

The phone itself works really great and i'm glad i bought it at such a low price. I rated this one star not because of the phone but so you could read this and not make the same mistake i made. I bought this phone off of amazon through bytes of deals and THE PHONE DOES NOT COME WITH 32G SD CARD OR 4G LTE SIM CARD. The phone arrived a day late which wasn't a huge deal other than i was really anxious for it. I got the phone and opened it up and no cards in it at all like the unboxing videos i watched on youtube. I would review the phone itself if I HAD A SIM CARD FOR IT. It has been a major pain trying to get one from my local verizon store. The phone was not bought through verizon or an authorized dealer of verizon so the sim card i need to buy from them will be around 6 dollars, not free. Again i rated this one star so you would read this review and be cautious of the purchase. I connected the phone with my wifi signal and have been playing with it a lot even though i have no service without the sim card. I easily give the device itself a 5 star rating because it works 10x better than my lg ally and the screen is really big and beautiful, absolutely no complaints about that, just that it didn't ship with 4g sim card or sd card as i hoped.

I just got it activated today. But so far it is working great. The first one I ordered from another buyer didn't work like this one. it would freeze and stick. I couldn't even answer or text on the first one. I hope it continues to work this well.

My fianc&eacute; fell in love with this phone since we seen it on Amazon, and had to have it. After a week of using it, the phone was shutting off all the time in the middle of a phone conversation, and in the middle of a text. Very disappointed.

late review. I haven't set up the phone yet but. It was shipped fast. I got it in 3-4 days. Phone look better than expected. It does not have the stand like in the photo but, that's no bigger to me. I will be setting it up at end of the month. I'll give another review after then on how well it works.

Its an old phone model but it does the job. I have an unlimited data plan and Verizon is my carrier. I dont want to upgrade my phone because then I will lose my unlimited data plan. I ordered this and its cheap in cost but great and does the job. Its a 4G phone. Only draw back is that if you leave the 4G on your battery life goes fast. Besides that its a good phone.

This is my second Thunderbolt, having worn out the first one after years of reliable use.  Shipping was super fast and it arrived well ahead of the date I was told.  As my previous phone was a Thunderbolt, I was able to simply place the SIM and Micro-SD card from my old phone into the new one without having to go to a physical Verizon store.  I back-up my data, Contacts and such to the Micro-SD card so I could even reload the new phone with my old data in just a matter of minutes.

Product came quick, neatly in original box, with wall and car charger.  This is a Christmas present for my boyfriend. Thank you!! Very impressed with all:-)

Htc thunderbolt truly rocks people were paying me 350 bucks for this phone and i said no because i dropped it like a million times and it still works i cant get a better phone than the thunderbolt its all the magic of htc the way the built this now -IPHONE,SAMSUNG,ETC have nothin to say

Got this from Verizon store as a replacement after a Verizon software update destroyed my Droid2. Thought they were giving us a deal. Wrong! Horrible battery life. Phone shuts down by itself. 4G???? Not mine. I was lucky to get 3G, most of the time 1G. Touch screen very tempermental. Have to touch things 2 or 3 times to try and open them. My wife had one as a replacement also. She's never had the issues ive had. Not reliable as a phone. Period. You never know what kind of performance you're going to get...on a daily basis. Run. Now.

Ordered for my after she broke her I Phone. She actually likes it and I am pleased with the whole transaction.

I bought this phone about a year ago and i was told it was the best on the market. WRONG !This phone is an absolute piece of CRAP !!!My kickstand is bending and breaking, sometimes it won't accept the sim card, the back WILL NOT stay on, after fully charging the battery it will only last me 20 MINUETS, ON STAND-BY !!!, it turns on and off at random, and when , for example, i try to send a text to Bob it sends it to JOE , and it get really confusing !!All in all i wish i would have got this phone !!!There are still alot of bugs with their software, their preware, and their hardware , which they need to work out in the next model along with the battery life issue !But anyways DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The phone did not work when I got it . It would not turn on or charge . It was a broken phone but suppose to be brand new

I bought this phone as a Christmas present for my boyfriend by February it had stopped working and wouldn't even charge. I am highly disappointed by this and would not recommend that anyone buys this unless they want to throw away their money.

in store this was 300.00 here 1/2 the price, same features very pleased I would recommend this to all my co workers who have children

The cell phone does not  turn on! I charged the battery, but the cell phone does not turn on anyway!

I ordered this phone I used it and enjoyed it. The phone itself is a nice and easy to use phone. The company on the other hand is not as good!! The extended battery-32gb sd and seidio case with holster are NOT INCLUDED!!! I asked them about it and they pretty much told me tuff

i ordered this phone for my husband as a replacement for his phone that is dying. i paid 320 for it and it sucked. the battery wasn't even the right battery for it, and the speakers dont work.

if you want to text you better be ready to wait a few minutes before you can even tell it who you want to text, let alone start typing your message. god forbid someone who owns this phone needs to call 911 because it'll take a good ten or so minutes to get the phone to respond.

I had nothing but trouble with it. The charging port was almost,not even reading, and it froze alot, and people said that there was lots of static

The phone suck it keep going out of 4g to 3g i wich i got a new one thank you

I purchased two of these- one for my husband and one for me.  Less than 6 months later, both phones are totally inoperable.  I was never able to use WIFI on mine and one day it spontaneously factory reset.  I took it to be repaired and they couldn't even get it to power up.  My screen had spots that would not respond- because I spent some good money on these phones, I worked around it.  My husband's phone, one day, had lots of pixelated lines across the screen one day about a week ago, and then over the weekend, he took a call with no problems, and then the phone powered down and refused to turn back on. (yes, the battery is fully charged.)  We now have to find new phones.  So totally disgusted!  What a waste of money.

This is a replacement for the last phone that i broke and so far i love this one soo much better other than the battery life.

Phone did not work. Took it to verizon they said the inside of phone had been opened up. Could not get signal or access to the internet, a lot of static was on phone

This phone does all the things all the new phones do for a lot less. It may be a couple years old, but there is absolutely no reason to fork out 5, 6 or even 7 hundred dollars or more for phones with same capabilities.  Yes, it does have its quirks, but all of them do. It doesn't affect me using it for what I need. The camera is awesome!  I really have nothing bad to say about this phone other than Im sorry to see it go...

THIS PHONE IS THE WORST PHONE I HAVE EVER COME ACROSS, IT WAS A COMPLETE WASTE OF MY MONEY. IT IS NOT RELIABLE, IT HAS A MIND OF ITS OWN!

The phone had small blemeshes as expected. It was defective. The battery on full charge would instantly discharge and the phone would cut off

I ordered this phone for my grand-daughter and she is very pleased with it.  It arrived on time and as described.  Very satisfied with purchase.

After only a month of use this refurbished phone is almost useless. It doesn't carry a charge, it turns off on its own (especially during phone calls), first the middle portion and now the far left portion of the screen are unresponsive to touch making it near impossible to text as well as do other basic functions. There are plenty of other glitches as well but those are the main problems I am facing. I knew I was buying a refurbished phone but for 70$ I was hoping for more. I regret this purchase.

Folks, do not buy this phone unless you can always stay plugged into a charger. This is true even with the extended life battery. I was dumb enough to trust Verizon, they told me the ext battery would solve my problems. No way. Now, even with the phone battery under warranty, I have to go find a replacement. Some customer service from Verizon. Steer clear of this phone and Verizon selling you additional accessories. Both absolutely suck.

The smart phone was new (as promised), was delivered on time, and works well. I am completely satisfied with this purchase and feel I received a good phone for the price.

It's a good phone, the only reason I have it three stars is because no matter how hard I try it won't connect to wifi

This phone is deficient in a number of categories.First off, it is heavy as hell.  My Lord, the weight of this thing in your pocket feels like you are transporting a brick.  The fact that this passed through design at HTC is nothing short of a joke.It is SLOW.  And by slow I mean going from one window/app/function to another reminds me of using an old pc that was upgraded to an OD far too heavy for its specs.  The new Android OS completely overwhelms this phone.REBOOT!  All it does is reboot and freeze. I have minimal apps loaded on this thing and am on the latest and greatest OS.  I've wiped the thing back to factory setting so many times I can write a concise "how to" document on doing so.The battery life stinks.  Yea, I know.  It is a huge problem with most if not all smartphones.  This pig takes it to a whole new level.  I'm not much of a phone talker but text and email regularly for work.  I can get through an 8-5 but by the time I'm out of work, good luck.  I had to get the extended battery to get through an entire day.  Back to point one....now this phone weighs more than the Titanic.Save yourself some time and money and go get a real phone.  This thing is a total joke.

It didnt come with the disc like it was suppose didnt come with any instruction then didnt no i need a sd card to take pictures

Received the phone when promised! Great shipping! When I checked out the phone, was a bit disappointed. I understand this is a &#34;refurbished&#34; phone - but it was more like the cheaper &#34;used&#34; phone description. However - it's mostly cosmetic. Son seems to think it works good - he was happy & that's what matters. A little more description on &#34;wear & tear&#34; would be nice. Had to get a SIM card - but with Verizon, it's free - no charge.

i loved it, got just what i wanted when i ordered this, thank you so much :) sorry for late responce

I bought it for my wife she droped her4 droid X and she had alot of problems befoe she droped that old phone. so I was looking for a inexpensive phone untill we tell we can get our upgrade in January but she loves her new phone. Thank you.

I have had problems with this phone since the day I got it. Short battery life, glitchy operating system, and the camera only works on occasion.Cannot wait until I have enough saved up to replace it!

HTC/VZW released this as the "flagship" phone for LTE in 2011. Support for this device has been non-existent.1-2 updates (simple bug fixes that caused MORE bugs..*sigh*). It remains an entire generation behind any newer phone.It has the specs to easily run newer software, but HTC only takes money, it doesn't give value.If you like this phone and updates are not important to you and you don't mind springing $40+ for an extendedbattery REQUIRED to get through a day without re-charging and you don't mind buggy HTC ui overlays and you don'tmind a phone that stopped being supported a few months after release and you don't mine HTC "focusing on phonesreleased in 2012", then this is a great phone for you. Buy today!I bought this phone in 2011 when it was first released and I honestly wish I could get my handson some mgmt at HTC so I could insert this phone into a delicate place. I'm not sure how elseHTC could screw Tbolt customers harder, but they have taken a running start for TBolt owners.Don't buy HTC phones, learn from my mistake. I wish I could give this -1 stars, so I could begin to lowerthe avg. review of this garbage.

Only a couple of months after I bought this phone, it turned itself off inexplicably and would not turn back on. It just broke for no reason, sitting in the passenger seat of my car while I was on a road trip. No one touched, nothing happened to it. I had to get it replaced. Fifteen months later, I am now on my third replacement and the touch screen has so many dead spots that I can barely use it for emergency calls, forget text or internet. This phone breaks. Also, it eats battery life, even with the extended life battery. This phone will not live through your contract!

Phone was suppose to have been Manufacture refurbished.  According to Verizon it was a Lost/Stolen phone and would not even activate it.

I was so hesitant to purchase a phone on line.  But the prices in the store were outrageous.  So I took a chance and am so glad I did.  Phone is Great.

Purchased for my grandson after his phone was broken.  Great fit!  He loves it and it was much cheaper than using the insurance to replace his orig phone!

I recently purchased this phone for my wife for Christmas,  as her phone was stolen out of her vehicle.  I purchase the phone because of the reviews, and I know that HTC makes a quality product.  I ordered the phone from the  seller Jivago  Wireless.the product detail stated the phone included  an extended battery with a stock battery,the cover a 32 gb sd card,  and a Seidio  case  with a holsters similar to and otterbox, phone charger.while I was impressed how fast packaged came to me. the only thing I received was the phone the stock battery  and the  charger.  Now my wife is still without a  phone as she  needs the  aforementioned  SD card.once I receive all my items I will be able to provide a better review and assessment of the product.

This is a really nice phone and is a great price but no where in the products description says that the SIM card and SD card is not provided. I have never bought a phone and it not come with these cards so I expected it to be provided. I would recommend the phone but you have to order the SIM card and SD card separately.

Its fast, has facebook, twitter, large face, many apps.  Easy to use and handle. Goes online quickly has GPS. Good phone.

The phone looked fine but the microphone was very static sounding. people couldn't hear me very well. We actually went back to using the one it replaced.

The battery charge lasts just a few hours. I know we bought an older model phone, but I have had many phones over the years and never had one with such a short battery charge. It lasts 3 hours or so.

No I didn't work well for me SD slot didn't work phone slow. Plus I returned itvo would like my back for shipping because my phone didn't work probably

The battery must be charged way more than i expected. Not much choices on skins. it's good to learn on. I appreciate the exchange.

This POS is the slowest 4G LTE phone ever. Call quality is crap and it is the laggiest OS I've used since windows 95. I had to get this as a backup till my contract upgrade and I am suffering the annoyance of this brick. Avoid this phone.

Thank you for asking, if you recall the phone came missing a few items which you gave me a credit, I get it set up and got to Florida and the phone did everything but worked.  It was dialing numbers by it self jumping from web to web freezing etc.Being away from home it was kind of hard to send the junk phone back to you and the sad part is I expected better quality from Amazon.Finally I went to a Verizon store to have it checked and they agreed it was a 2 year old piece of  junk thanks Amazon.  Well I need a phone on vacation so I bought a new one from Verizon and it works fine.  I certainly will be more careful ordering, if ever,  from your companyBill Griffini

It's very slow and won't connect to apps very well. Very disappointed in the phone, and can't wait till I can afford a new phone all together

I had this phone before & broke it so I decided to get another. Believe it or not, the kick stand made the difference. It really helps when watching a video longer than a few seconds. Or keeping track of time, since the clock is upright on my desk. Vendor was prompt in delivery. I only have praise for them and Amazon. Much thanks!!!  Jerry K

Phone was advertised as &#34;very good condition.&#34;  It arrived with a visibly swollen battery, which is both NOT &#34;very good condition&#34;  AND is also a safety liability (Google &#34;swollen lithium ion battery.&#34;)The handset also has a &#34;dead&#34; portion of the screen that does not respond to touch input (on the left side of the screen, about 3/8 of an inch from the edge all the way from top to bottom).  The screen image is not dead, it simply does not respond to touch.  Again, this is not &#34;very good condition&#34; at all.I am thoroughly disappointed in this vendor.  I do not understand the recent fad of false advertising and willful scamming.

After having this phone for only 2 days; the screen goes black and you can not see anything on the screen

The reason i do not like this phone is one; because the entire left side of the phone does not work there for I cannot use the q,w,a,s,z,x, buttons on my phone. Also because I can only use the phone in the vertical position because due to the left side of the screen not working in the vertical position when I rotate the phone the space bar and the entire bottom of the screen does not work.But it was shipped in a reasonable time which is the only reason I gave it two stars

this is a present for daughter, early birthday and she absolutely loves it. Thank you for you prompt delivery and such a nice piece of phone

Worked really well until I did a software update.  That was the second one I had with the same problem.

The HTC thunderbolt has a lot of features the hands free Bluetooth works great in the car easy to synch clear screen but battery life is about two hours and less if your using internet the company who shipped it was great I received the phone earlier then expected great packaging and was more then expected

the phone is fast, its responsive, it looks great and has a nice camera on it as well. but i think the one issue im having (a faulty Wifi feature) may be due to the ICS android update. when i try to activate my wifi, it says &#34;turning on&#34; for about 5 minutes, and then says &#34;error&#34; with no code or anything. ive already done everything i can to get it to work, including a factory reset. i could send the phone back, but i have unlimited data, so its a non issue.

its good, but a little bit heavy.  it is kind of stuck sometimethe battery is not good, but other thing is okay.

This is my first smart phone - this is a great phone at a great price! A very good deal!

This phone is terrible. There are so many things wrong with it, I don't know where to start. If you're looking for a phone that's just a huge pain in the rear, then this is the phone for you. It's slow, doesn't hold a charge, doesn't even work half the time, when you make phone calls it will just hang up in the middle of the call, it randomly calls people and won't receive messages. If you're thinking of purchasing this phone; don't.

Don't ever buy this phone. I've had it for a while and it's all problems. Just get an iPhone or something

I broke my old Thunderbolt and no longer had insurance on it, so this was the best option.  Turned out to be a great buy, the phone is brand new and works beautifully.

I have purchase it for my niece , unfortunately that's not da oneshe wanted. so sorry I have to returned it.

let me state, i owned a thunderbolt before, it died in 2012 when i spilled coffee on iti loved that phoneanyway i saw this advertised as NEW from Applewirelessi thought it was NOS..&#34;New Old Stock&#34;  like in car parts or other surplus that never got soldthey sent me a phone that was clearly used and marked as refurbished with a sticker insideso i returned it, never even put in the batterythis not a complaint about the HTC thunderboltthis is a review/complaint of Applewireless an Amazon seller

this phone is locked and nothing that i tried could open it and this suppose to be a new phone i paid for, not good business i am disappointed with this seller

It works good, great price. Bought for my 8 year old son and he can do all the things he wanted to do with a phone.  Would buy again.

phone looks and works like new. the battery was not oem and did not hold a charge very long. happy with the purchase.

the battery suck it charges too fast if a battery  came with phone just buy a new battery  but love  the thunderbolt 4g

i was disappointed when a sim card didnt come with it..  as far as looks very much satisfied.having hard time finding one.

thanks fast delivery... my niece  loved the phone even if i dint no how to operate it.............as long as she loved  it

I ordered this product because my current phone is damaged beyond repair; so I came to Amazon looking for a new phone and I mean NEW! Like the seller says! Well this phone is not new! I flipped the phone over to put the battery in and the screen fell off, the packaging is not even close to looking like a new phone does, the charger is obviously not the original, and the phone doesn't have Sims card so it's useless anyway. I will be sending this back as soon as possible!

No sim card which is fine. But everyone I talk to complains that I sound muffled. And it lags profusely. Regret buying.

Others have reviewed this phone quite well so I won't repeat what has already been written.  Battery life was an issue, especially when my local tower turn on 4G.  Fortunately Verison also released Andoid 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich)shortly thereafter.  The difference in battery life was amazing.  I now easily go all day and often two days if I'm not using the phone heavily.  I have no idea why an upgrade of the OS should make such a difference but it certainly cured the problem for me.  Now battery life is similar to what I've experienced with previous cell phones.

It is easy and fast to use, does everything I need. I couldn't ask for a better phone.  It was a great deal.

Phone was one day shipping, came on the fourth day, did not come with sd card like promised. Camera does not work on phone .... Phone freezes up constantly and won't let me make any calls. Rip off.

Awesome!!! This phone is brand new and was a great price!!! Thank you for such a high quality product and has worked wonderfully!! I highly recommend them to buy from! And was shipped the same day as ordering!!Thanks again and will order from again!

I got this phone in September 2011, and was fairly happy with it, except for the battery life.  If I used it for anything other than talking on the phone, it would die with a couple of hours.  Even when using it just for a light phone use, it would never make it from morning to night on a single charge.Anyway, September 2012 (just under the 1 year warranty), the gps stops working all together.  They send me a re-certified model, which is now having problems (possibly due to the Ice-Cream Sandwich OS upgrade).  It works fine when it's plugged into a power source, but when it's unplugged, it will randomly shut off during basic functions.Verizon Policy will not replace my once again bad phone, because the warranty doesn't extend when I get replacement equipment.This Second phone has been meticulously cared for, in a "Balastic" brand case.  I'm pretty disappointing in the product and Verizon's policy.PROS: nice display, front facing camera.CONS: Speaker was quiet, kickstand would not work if you had the charger plugged in, camera quality was no where near the Iphone's,  heavy, no grip so it could easily slip out of your hand.  The finishing on the case wore out quickly, terrible battery life.

i am going to return the phone, there was no instruction or a charger with it. i was not pleased with this phone.

I bought this phone for somebody else. Far as I know the phone is great. So can't say much about it

HTC awesome phone ....thanks... I have no issues with HTC... HTC has awesome phones and always recommended people the HTC

Good 4G phone, but did have a problem with the antennae and had to return. The phone also has poor battery life. Trying the Android Bionic this go around.

This phone is super slow and has a max of 3hrs battery life. I bought it because it was cheaper then going to my carrier and buying a new phone in the store. The sellers are great and will leave u contact info if u have any questions when it arrives. I personally however do not recommend this phone. Had it for less than a year, this week actually I had to go buy a new phone...

The cellular did not turn on. The battery was death.Also the package arrived without manual operation. I had to buy new battery.This model is too heavy. I bought the cellular as christmas present to my little girl

Love the phone but has had some hardware and software issues.  Already sent one back.  received replacement and in less than 1 month has issues

I needed a replacement cell for my Thunderbolt HTC. CityTek delivered a &#34;like new&#34; cell exactly as they said it would be in...&#34;Flawless&#34;. Not one scratch or blemish. The only issue was the battery provided did not fit. I contacted Amazon, and Amazon is getting in touch with them to ensure the right battery gets to me. Very satisfied customer and will continue to shop with Amazon!

I was waiting for the phone five days after a bought it and got it the day after! that was a surprise. Had a couple of questions for the seller, and were answered quickly too. Phone has minor scratches on kickstand and charger slot as seller described, overall the phone is in excellent conditions almost like new. Will buy from this seller again.

The phone is very good, it even came with an extended battery so that's awesome but it can't really keep up with me; in terms of social media. Sometimes it slows down and starts acting funny, and wont make calls and I have to restart and such. Other than that it is a very good phone and I do love it!

I have owned this particular phone since it was released back in 2011, and I can honesty say, no I don't' want to upgrade to a newer model like the Rezound or the DNA or what ever new models they're are. I bet there  great phones and maybe I should, but they don't have what I need, like that simple kickstand that  I use all the time, all phones should come with a kickstand, although you're saying "why doesn't he just upgrade the newer models their twice as  fast  thinner and less bulky", and I have to agree with you, that's true, I guess I have gotten use to the weight ,much easier to make my decision staying with this phone is getting the phone rooted and a new kernel added. This phone is reliable, even though I have crashed it more then once, okay a lot more... that's why you keep back ups...tough phone...will only upgrade if htc comes out with something similar and a kickstand. Until then I'm staying with my thunderbolt

The phone is small, looks nothing like the picture, the phone works but its 3G not 4G like I ordered just figured I would get what I paid for, maybe get a response to the fact that I got the wrong phone. I had the Thunderbolt LTE 4G and that is why I ordered it, but it is wrong so so so so wrong.

After charging it for 12 hours on the first day the charge lasted a grand total of one hour. I didn't even have a chance to set up the phone. Upon charging it the second time, I left it off the entire day and brought it to the Verizon dealer to be put on my account. Upon turning it on the dealer had a only a few minutes to complete the set up before it shut down because of a low battery. I tried replacing the battery, that cost me as much as the phone, by the way, to no avail. This phone is defective. I just want to return it for my money back.

I used this phone for about 6 months, shipped incredibly quick, the seller was eager to make sure i received everything in order and was willing to help me if not, and gave me a free car charger. The phone was in near perfect condition. If it had the factory box, i wouldn't have been able to tell the difference. Phone worked perfectly for the time i had it. the stock battery only lasted like 5 hours with medium use. I purchased the HTC Rezound battery for this phone and got 10 hours out of it, and you dont need an extended battery cover or anything, then the phone was unstoppable. stupid fast 4G although i never used 4G a whole lot. the kickstand is super helpful with watching netflix and whatno; however the charging port is right underneath the kickstand.... ???? lol huge display, great price, nice quality feel to it, a little heavy for some people although i liked that, the camera was great quality and the customization for android was endless. Great phone. for $100 a month though with verizon... i had to switch carriers...

Wouldn't recommend this phone, it wasn't unlocked ... the person I bought it for lives in a different country and was unable to use it ... waste of money

I bought this phone expecting to get the phone intact since it said &#34;good condition&#34; only to receive a phone with no battery. You would expect people to mention that the phone is battery-less when they advertise a device. This is incompetence.I'm not impressed.

Horrible battery life, Bulky, heavy - won't recommend for anyone.The battery dies out with minimum use of the phone. The call quality is poor too.

Fast shipping and phone was in almost new condition. My phone drowned in dr. pepper, and my insurance company didn't notify me that my ins. expired. For the price I paid , I got a lot for my money. Thanks you saved my life! :)

Just purchased this as a replacement for one I have had for two years. Love the phone but the battery life is not very good with a standard battery. I purchased the extended batterry and everything is great.

I'm extremely happy with the phone. The only issue I had was having to have the phone flashed in order for it to work with my cellular company. Once that was done, there were no other issues. I absolutely love this phone!!

What an amazing phone.  Thank you very  much.  The product was in great shape, the seller replied quickly, and my phone arrived very fast.  Thank you for doing an excellent job!

Got the phone quickly. But it did not come with the items it was supposed to. And as others have said the battery wouldn't hold a charge it also had no SD card with it no extended battery or case. Would not and I repeat would not order this product again.

Watch out for people who haven't had this phone very long!I can't believe that this phone gets positive reviews. It is the worst! I've had it for a year and I am considering buying a different smartphone at full price ($600) because I won't be able to get an upgrade for another year.Main Problems:Horrible battery life: you absolutely need to get the extended battery. The stock battery lasts about 4 hours with little use, and about 2 hours if you use the internet or gps. I charged my stock battery three times a day.Poor reception: this phone seems to drop calls like a cell phone from 1998.Crappy/buggy operating system. The phone often freezes. It sometimes shuts down without warning. I have upgraded it consistently, which has improved these issues, but not much. The operating system just sucks. Its hard to find what you want and you cannot customize it very much.Copy/Paste problems. The copy function, which would be useful to copy numbers and addresses is very difficult to use. You have to double-tap in a very small area and you can sometimes expand it, sometimes not.Poor autocorrect - for some reason, the autocorrect seems to always choose uncommon words and fails to have many basic words. It also doesn't give you many options.Wireless connectivity: don't use the Wifi: it comes off and on randomly (it likes to switch networks without your permission, even if you use a password to connect to a specific network). It can't switch to 4G easily once you are out of range of a wireless network while having wifi on. You have to manually turn off wifi. This sounds simple, but it gets so annoying.Verizon proprietary software: Verizon always wants you to use its navigation and other software. It is annoying to open up navigation, find your destination and have the phone ask if you want to use free GoogleMaps or pay for VZ navigator. I have selected GoogleMaps as the "Default Action" for navigation, but this feature does not actually work and it keeps asking me.The back cover fell off very easily after about 3 months (but the extended battery which you basically need to buy gives you a new back).Good things: LTE is very fast. Unfortunately, the poor battery life and horrible operating system don't make LTE very usable.I would never buy this phone for anyone. I felt like my iPhone 3g was much more usable, even though it wasn't 4G. My friends have newer iPhones and Droids (such as the RAZR MAXX) and I far prefer those phones. Get ANYTHING but this.[Edit: spelling]

This phone has been nothing but issues from beginning to end!! Didn't have it more than a week and even the glass started to lift from corner and let dirt in between. Highly recommend this to no one!!!!!

I chose this rating because the phone is fast in internet and that&#34;s why I like it but it dosent have that many options.

The HTC is one phone I will never purchase again. My husbands HTC died on him so we bought this to get him through the rest of his contract, until his upgrade was available - junk!! It worked for a short while but the battery wouldn't stay charged, the phone kept locking up and the verizon store said &#34;there isn't anything we can do to fix it&#34;. I hate that I paid good money for this phone but hey lesson learned!! Don't buy cell phones online, even cheap ones

Glitchy, unreliable, poor quality phone.  The only good thing about this phone is its profile.  In my opinion the dimensions of this phone are perfect.  When I first purchased it, it was running gingerbread software.  I had to replace it three times after only 3 months of use.  Each time I received the replacement something else was wrong with it.  I've had it about 18 months and to me HTC makes the Glitchiest phones.  It pretty much eats power and in order to run the ICS Android software you essentially need to jury rig the phone.I'm convinced that HTC does not give a damn about the customer experience.  Very poor quality and reliabilty.  I would never purchase another HTC phone.  Some of the issues that I have had with it:  Shuts off by itself, poor battery life, major touch screen lag, duplicates contacts, navigation would not work, voice dialer has never worked, does not hypenate phone numbers, slow.Bottom line, don't get this phone.  All of the negative criticism that everyone has provided is very much warranted.

It's fairly fast but the major drawback is that it's really heavy for a phone. I replaced it with a Droid Bionic and it's much lighter and faster.

This phone is awesome.  The only thing is that it needs to be only used with VERIZON contract as it has a SIM card and cant be used in any other provider.

Love it!The phone workrd perfiectly

HTC ThunderBolt 4GLTE Android Phone (Verizon Wireless) did not reach my expectancy; I had a different carrier for a long time. thinking that Verizon will do right by me; instead my belief was dashed and the my wireless cell phone is to me, nothing but a decorative object.

Had to be returned.  It was to be a Christmas present for my grandson and the phone although advertised new was not in working condition, spent 3 hours at the Verizon store and the tech couldn't get it to work.  The battery charger did not charge anything.  Very disappointed.

This product was horrible. i believe the phone was a fake because all of the information inside was copied. The  phone wouldnt hold a charge, would cut off and everything. horrible phone

and while on Facebook (when I can get a signal) the phone doesn't auto-tag individuals mentioned in comments, and I can't figure out how to force the phone to tag them - the previous 2 phones that I had tagged individuals without me having to do anything.  the word-predicting during texting works pretty well once you get used to putting spaces between words yourself instead of them automatically being put in. I can't find a multi-shot mode on the camera (if there is one finding it is not Polack-proof). On the plus side, the voice recognition software is the best I've used so far.

the phone is very slow condition is good very clean no scratches i wouldnt recommend this and the phone will go out of date soon

Love the layout.  Nice big screen with vibrant colors and good sound quality.  Easy to use especially if you're already familiar with HTC (I recently had the Eris).  The kickstand is a nice feature, too.  Takes pictures surprisingly well for being a cell phone.  I'd recommend this phone to others.

This phone worked well for the first week or two, and then after that there was nothing but problems.  The 4G would almost never work (there is a strong signal in my area), and the 3G would frequently stop working as well--the only cure was a reboot.Battery life was also horrible.

Great phone for a while but pretty slow and out of date now.

Received phone - great!  Battery that accompanied phone a DUD! After 2-days I had to spend $39.95 to get another battery.  One that worked!

The letters M & K do not work I typed in &#34;HI  mom&#34; and got &#34; ge mpl&#34;  as a mother of four I live on my Cell It takes ok pictures but text is not even ok!

I am very very disappointed in the Phone I purchased from you its been a month now and we have still not resolved the issues with Oakland wireless  .  First of all have problems with the first phone, so went it back and got a new phone with a bad battery that had been damaged.  They sent me a new battery today and that dose not make the phone work either,  I told them to send me a return label and I will return it and they can credit my account.  Now I have been paying a phone bill on this phone for the last month.  Waiting for a decent phone,  When I paid for this I used a $25.00 Amazon gift card also balance on the phone and shipping.  I think I deserved to be compensated for this.  Really been upset about this matter and would like to hear from you.  Thank you  Roxie Johnson

It was okay.  The phone it self would not activate and it would be stubborn to turn on all the time.

Awesome phone and the company assisted me with any defaults I had with the phone, just worth it as a spare/replacement phone to have incase you break yours.

This product is a disappointment; I wish I hadn't purchased it. It doesn't connect to a 4G network, it doesn't stay connected to wifi and the touch screen often freezes, resulting in my having to remove and reinstall the battery. I sorely regret this purchase. I need a dependable phone for my job; this phone falls short on all levels.

I bought this phone because my last one could not send a signal and then I learn after a day or two that this one cant hold a charge because the charger port was broken.

first off this phone was listed as new, but Im almost certain its used and refurbished. The screen appears to have been replaced, there were apps on it spaced out throughout the screnes that you would had to have downloaded. The box wasnt an android box and the charger wasnt made for an android and doesnt even charge it. It didnt come with a booklet it came with a cd with the instructions on it. The phone works fine but the price was close to phones that were listed as new and had extras.

Husband talked me into buying a refurbished phone.  Thought okay why not it's for my son and didn&#8217;t want to spend the money on a new one.DON'T DO IT------ We got it in the mail in a timely manner, phone looked okay and operated okay until I went to call him on it.  The speaker didn't work so he couldn&#8217;t hear me talk and then after awhile it started to get a spot on the screen that has just grown with time.VERY disappointed, will never buy refurbished again; on the good side I got to tell my husband &#34;I told you so.&#34;

This phone makes me want to punch my mother. My goodness. You receive a phone call with 100% battery life? God forbid.  This phone will sap your will to live.Pro: It will help cure any curse-word constipation you have and prepare you for a solitary life where everyone who knows you will give up trying to contact you.Great to use as a skeet for skeet shooting.Throwing it at arch-enemies.Con: You might hurt yourself and those around you. HTC, DO THE WORLD A FAVOR AND GIVE UP AT THIS GAME.

First let me say that when I bought my T-bolt 27 months ago it was the best phone I ever had! Now let me break it down in yearsYear One:The phone was fast, the pictures where perfect and the only complaint was battery life. then I bought an extended battery for $20 bucks and I was able to use my phone for 2 straight days with no problem. I would have had this thing implanted in my arm it was so good.Year two:same as year one, never bought a screen protector and the screen never got a scratch. I did buy a protective cover because I noticed that the color rubbed off very easily, especially on hot sweaty days. Not a problem but who wants a ratty looking phone. I started noticing problems that I heard other owners complain about, which was that it would hang up or start making a call in the middle of a conversation when you held the phone up to your ear while using it on a call. I mainly used my phone with a bluetooth headset or through my car radio so I thought it would not matter, but for those few calls I did take or make using the handset it was unbearable. I would be talking on an important call and suddenly it would be put on hold and I would be talking to my voicemail, by the time you figure out what's going on the person on the original call has hung up! When the phone wasnt switching calls it would be trying to do stuff, I would finish a call and see that I accidentally opened all these different apps. that was anoying to say the least.Then came Android 4.0 at the end of year two, I had been waiting for it with great anticipation. ANDROID 4.0 DESTROYED THE PHONE! REPEAT, DESTROYED THE PHONE! It looked cool at first but by now I was at the end of my contract and I noticed that the phone was getting slower and slower. Then the power button stopped working, so I couldnt cut the phone off or on, I could not wake the phone when it went to sleep either. So I downloaded a app called just flip (free) and it solved that problem, but by then the phone was creeping so slow it was practically unusable, it started making errors like crazy. I would try to make a call and it would dial two numbers at the same time, one that I dialed and one that it dialed, and guess what? my call was always the one to go on hold.Year 3:Contract ended in the first week of July, can this thing last long enough for the next big gee whiz gizmo to come out?Been using just flip to wake my phone, but it needs to be recalibrated every week and a half or it gets unresponsive. I have to do a factory reset every other week in order to keep the phone up to speed, I dont know what is slowing it down. I no longer dowload apps, one because i know I'm gonna reset the phone again and the other because I'm trying to get a little extra mileage out of the phone before I have to reset it agian. Finnally because I dont know what could be slowing this thing down. I have tried app killers to no avail, I have cleared all shortcuts from the screen, I cut off GPS, bluetooth and mobile network, I even turn the brightness down as low as possible, nothing seems to help.This is why I rated the phone a one star, at this point you cant reverse the last update and so far they havent corrected any issues through updates. I am ready for a new phone but I was trying hold out till fall when the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 comes out, but I dont think I can hold out that long so I just cross my fingers and maybe the note 2 will price drop by September and I'll grab it. When I bought the T-bolt at full price the dang thing dropped to 49.00 a month later so I was trying to avoid having that happed again.The T-bolt was a great phone worthy of 5 stars, but not anymore. I cant say I babied my phone but I never droppedit either. I realy dont use the phone to make a lot of calls, I mostly text and read news so the call situation wasnt a problem. If you make a lot of calls it could be an issue for you. but the slowing of the phone since the 4.0 update is the real deal breaker.

This phones doesn't work with all Sim card example digicel. so if you are planning on using this international make sure it  works with your sim.

I got this phone because my Samsung SGIII costs too much to repair.  So coming from a Samsung, this phone doesn't compare.  I'm regretting ever getting this phone.  I should have used the money toward repair of the Samsung.

Although the actual phone arrived correctly, did not include micro sd that is supposed to come with the phone, or the original charging cable! Will NOT shop with them again.

The touch screen does not always put up the correct letter and sometimes just locks up. It didnt shoe txts for awhile also.

wife loves it and was way cheaper than buying from verizon without renewing my contract.  verizon phones are normally 600 bucks at least for a smartphone. great deal

We are very pleased with the speed of shipping and the quality of the phone.  Everything looks to be as decribed or better and the phone activated right away by changing out the SIM cards.  Great seller and Great phone!

I bought this phone new at Verizon in January. It is the worst phone I've ever had. Says it's 4G and constantly swithces to 3G, battery life is horrible and is flimsy. Just had to get my second replacement($100 each). DO NOT BUY!!!!!!
