
I truly loved this phone when I first bought it. I have small hands so, naturally, the smaller screen was ideal for me as I have no problem with a smaller screen. The touch screen was responsive to the touch of my fingernail which I adored. I have had this phone since September of 2011. I never had any serious trouble until about two days ago. My touch screen hardly works which is incredibly frustrating as I cannot access much on my phone without the main screen. I am a college student with a lot of priorities such as group projects and work and having this as an inconvenience is not okay. I would not advise the purchase of this phone as so many others have had a similar problem.

I bought this for my daughter. She dropped the phone onto ground quite a lot. Sometime battery fell out. But nothing else is broken. The phone is very convenient for her to send out TONS of text message (which I can not believe).Cons: battery runs out quite fast. My daughter usually keep it charged for the whole night because once something makes it lighted up, the light will stay there (annoying and not energy efficient).Signal from Verizon is overall satisfactory. When Sandy hit NJ and we lost land phone line and electricity. This phone can only receive phone calls, can not dial out. Only my Iphone (4S) can make phone calls during that difficult time.

wanted an upgrade from my flip phone without a contract or a smartphone.so far works fine for texting and phone calls...nice phone / no data plan required/nice feel and rubberized finish...would recommend to a friend if theyjust wanted a basic phone, but not for internet

i bought this phone to replace a iphone 5 that was water damaged....anyway what can i say?  this phone is god awful.main thing i HATE about this phone is that you cannot see the keypad on the screen when you are in an actual call....so if you need to select say &#34;# 1&#34; you have to unslide the phone, find the shift key, press the small little button, then press 1....then hope to god the call is still active after all of that....its really really really bad.  WHY CANT YOU SEE THE NUMBERS DURING A CALL!!!???the screen is decently responsive if you smash and bash it with your finger....the middle &#34;back&#34; button does not work well at all....you can expect to hit it multiple times to go back, and you can expect it to go into voice commands quite a bit also....the call quality is decent.  one thing i will say that is really good about this phone is the volume is LOUD.  you wont have any trouble hearing anything....one other horrible thing i forgot to mention:  if you activate bluetooth, and transfer a .mp3 to the phone......the phone stores it under its &#34;sounds&#34; menu, and not its &#34;music&#34; menu....this means that now if you are workin out, you gotta bounce between sounds and music folders to enjoy all your music......WHY DID THEY DO IT LIKE THIS?

After afew weeks this phone began shutting off when opened to text!  I'm looking into getting it fixed! I don't think this happens to all phones, I think this one is a &#34;Fluke!&#34;

I seen awesome reviews about this phone. Heck, I even wrote an awesome review about this phone. But that all changed over time. The first few weeks it was really neat. I had the huge bulky Body Glove on it. A screen protector, and all the care I've ever put in a cellphone.The texting is fun, the screen sucks, and the camera is even worse. The text aspect is what the phone was evolved around. Although it fails. The keyboard is nice, but cramped and kinda too flush with the rest of the phone. It's hard to determine each separate key. Now why does it suck?It can't keep up with fast texting. It lags extremely bad.The so called "auto-correct" features are terrible. It doesn't auto correct, it opens up a box of options it could be... The worst part is that the box has to be opened manually. It's practically impossible as well. It pops the smallest box ever, with an even smaller gray arrow to open the list of options. While if the touch screen was capacitive it'd be so much easier, but the screen is resistive. EnV Touch anyone? You have to actually apply pressure to the screen and it's so inaccurate. Forget the box, learn how to spell.The camera is a whooping 1.3mp... stand back if you see someone talking pictures with this bad boy. Just 5 feet away and you're a blurred pixalated piece if garbage.It can't record video, it can't play videos either by the way, and loading pictures is a nightmare. If you wanna show someone that picture of that awesome car show, forget it. It take 3 years to load a picture. Of course this all got worse over time, to the point it wouldn't even display the thumbnails. You had to guess which picture you wanted to see out of all the same thousands of "loading screen" thumbnails. Picture Roulette?Calling isn't the best, certainly isn't the worst though. It has pretty decent reception but over time it decayed. Messages sent fast when I had service. Now it takes it's sweet precious time to send messages even in areas of full coverage. Calls take for-ever to complete and once they answer, it's hard to hear them. No matter how high your volume is. Luckily enough, the calls rarely drop. About the messaging, you won't like it if you're a heavy texter. Why? If you're sending a message to someone, and you're phone is receiving a message at the same time, it stays on the "sending" screen FOREVER! Until you manually cancel the message, receive the other message, and go back to resend the failed message. Talk about a headache...The phone is very small, the screen is tiny for a touchscreen phone. It's hard to actually select the option you want. Plus calibration is impossible. Seriously, I can't get through the first calibration point.The battery life is a joke. I get up at 7am and it depletes around 9pm. Oh well. The music player is "O.K."It features a 3.5mm headphone jack, so use those fancy Beats. The music player is in a blue color scheme that can't be changed. The music will only play within the music player. You cannot multi-task and listen to music unfortunately. What's that mean? You can't put your music player in the background and  listen to music while texting or anything else.Over time of course this feature died... the 3.5mm headphone jack will only play audio out of all my headphones on the left ear. That really sucks.Anything about this phone I'm forgetting, isn't worth mentioning. I'd avoid this phone, if need a phone and this is your only option go for it.I had this phone since August 2011, and it fell apart a little every day till the point I retired it in April 2012. So as you can see it's not very durable. Even with a case, it destroys itself in the inside.I went out and bought a Windows Phone. I'm surprised at how Verizon gives feature phones the middle finger in features, usability, and durability. It's sad really, cause not everyone wants a freaking 70 dollar a month data package.Out of all feature phones out there, avoid the touch screen phones. Their screens are terrible, and never provide multi-touch or anything "fancy". Get a Samsung Zeal, or a GzOne Casio phone.

Phone was defective. Keyboard and several buttons on phone not operational.  Returning it as there is not a replacement available

excellent price and customer service from this company.

The phone is already not working properly, keeps turning off by itself, display disappears so i cannot enter numbers/password to get into voice mail

for a txt and talk phone it was great use it and love the touch screen which I havent had prior still intimidated by I phones, blackberrys etc

i read all the reviews before getting this phone. all of them were bad. lol. but seriously not a laughing matter. mine was a replacement item from verizon. they didn't give me a choice of phones. my env2 had stopped working and this phone was offered to me under warrenty so i took it---in a rather upset mood after reading the reviews. well it turned out to be great. loud speaker, great reception, great music player, loud ringer, great keyboard(small but completely easy to adjust to). texting is threaded. really nice calender, alarm clock. everything is great IMO. i usually don't slide the keyboard closed when sending a text bc it will prevent the text from being sent. other than that, no problems whatsoever. battery charge is good. like 2 days. i find that if i charge every night and have it always at 100% that texting thing doesn't happen. I love this phone. have been thinking about getting a smartphone (to have the best camera) but i can't imagine living without this phone. lol. that's why i said its the best phone i have ever had. my favorite thing about the phone is that i can just start typing on the keyboard and it opens the notepad and when i'm done i press save and i have a new note. how easy is that! all phones should have this feature.

I like the phone , it just that this one is defective. The n and the i doesn't work properly. You have to push them several times to get them to work.

My daughter had lost hers and I couldn't get her to switch to a different phone. She loves it a lot.

I almost wanted to send this phone back as it is very hard to hear on. When talking to others I have to constantly ask them to repete themselves or ask if they can hear me. It is horrible! I am very dissatisfied with it.

The phone was a good phone to a point. it has some cool features. but other then that I would have kept the phone if the camera work all the time. And the phone wouldn't restart every time you slide it open or close it. I would prefer it to another customer only if they get a good phone that every thing work right on it.I

Purchased this for my daughter - she used it for several months before she could get a new phone through the provider.  Now my husband is using it.  Terrific buy.

This is the WORST PHONE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When anyone sends you a text that is more than one page you don't get the first page! We eventually contacted lg and they denied the problem and offered to send us the same phone again! This isn't the only phone with the problem my friend has the same phone and the same problem.  Also the calibration is off and cannot be fixed. This is easily the worst phone I have ever had.

Phone screen goes blank periodically.  Keep having to shut it off and turn it back on.  I think it's a rebuilt, already used phone, which was not what I expected from the product description.  It's a piece of crap.  Wish I woulda just gone through Verizon directly for a phone.

It works for the most part. Every now and then the screen won't respond. The processing power is slow. If you don't care about that kind of thing, go ahead, but I'd suggest looking elsewhere

This phone was for my 12yr old daughter . It had very limited Internet access, once the text MSG inbox was full it wouldn't allow her to delete and the pic quality wasn't that great. This phone when it wasn't freezing was only good for talking nothing else. I have already purchased her another phone

This phone is perfect for my teenage son. It is designed for heavy texting. The phone does not have bells and whistles like smart phones which is what I was looking for. He has an iPad for web browsing and social sites. The s teen is responsive and functions as it should. No complaints!

This phone is really easy to use and also it has a touch screen so you dont have to touch that stupid button again!

I have enjoyed using my LG Cosmos Touch from the get go.  The touch screen is sensitive and works well, the slide out qwerty keyboard is awesome. The call quality has always been very good and no dropped calls.  I am completely surprised at the number of negative reviews on here and had to comment to offset some. I would buy this phone again, in fact I dropped mine in the dishwater and couldn't bring it back so I am shopping around for one right now. Battery life is also extremely good; only have to charge it every three days or so - I use my phone to text and for calls only. The only problem I have ever had with the phone is that occasionally, when I slide it open, it shuts off and I have to turn it back on. Recent texts are lost for some reason when it shuts off like that, but not all saved texts.  My husband got his the same time I did and has never had this problem. I love being able to set my friends and family up as favorites for easy and quick texting. A good solid phone and worth the price. I don't have a data plan, therefore no smart phone but I love using my Cosmos Touch!

I used to have this phone and loved it, so i thought i would buy it again. The camera doesn't work at all, every time i hit the button it says camera start error. So frustrating. Also the back up assistant and update menus randomly turn on. Its really slow and freezes sometimes. Also the charger i was given was awful, even if i plugged it in it wouldn't charge.

The phone is wonderful.  Like new.  I especially liked the service.  I asked if they could send it faster and the next thing I knew the phone was on the way.  We appreciate the good service.

I purchased a used phone and it was in top shape and the service was very fast and i highly recommend NEW2YOUCELLULAR services.

This is a really nice phone, its great for texting because it has a nice slide out keyboard that makes it easier. The touch works pretty good, alittle slow but you get used to it and dont notice it that much. And yeah, overall its a really good phone! Ive had two of them because my first one went through the wash(IF IT GETS WATER DAMAGE IT WONT WORK SO BE CAREFUL!!!!!!!) But i liked it so much i got the same phone. Thanks! :]

Phone was cheaper than buying a new one, just wish I knew it was going to be scratched - but it is working fine and I can't really complain over the price!  Arrived on time and with everything I needed.

I got the phone after I put my old one in a pool of water by the sink. I wish I still had my other one.Touch Screendelayed reaction, insensitiveKeyboardflat; can't feel the buttons and I often mistype wordsVoice Controlgoes on all the time; the easy-to-reach button is way too sensitive; have butt-dialed, purse-dialed, even have had it go off as it was chargingQuick Txt MessagingIf I start typing in "Sophia" for example. I will type "S" and it will suggest "Sophia". Once I tap the suggestion, it goes away and I have to go through the contacts list and directly tap the number I want to text.Still, I could have done worse.

Got this phone for my son. He is only 12 and does not need a data package but still thinks this one is 'cool' because it has a touch screen and a keyboard. The phone was in great shape. The only problem was that the charger cord was not the correct one.

I received a replacement phone for the bad phone they sent sent me.  The replacement phone had no battery.  Now I am getting harassing emails from this vendor demanding that I send back an SD card and a battery.  I regret buying a phone from this place and recommend they be avoided at all costs.

I'm one of those crabby old folks who really and truly doesn't need to be online everywhere i go.  I use the phone and I text.  Nothing more.  My email and surfing can wait until I get home.  I needed a replacement phone and this is it!  Plain and simple, it has a qwerty keyboard which makes it convenient to text and it's a very good telephone.  The price was right, too!

This started out as an okay phone but then the vibrate grew extremely loud and the screen actually fell off of the keyboard hanging only by a thread. Do not buy.

Stop wasting your money but the iphoneApple is the future don't buy a Lg phone get the apple iPhone  do it

This is her third LG Cosmos Touch VN270  and she loves it. She likes the touch as well as being able to open to text.

This is the best basic phone out there.  It is unfortunate that it is considered obsolete by Verizon and unavailable for purchase from them.  I have had this phone since it first became available in 2010,  I have never had any problem with it until I accidentally deep-sixed it in my washing machine.  It still worked after drying it out but I was unable to use the keyboard and had to text using the touchscreen number pad.  Lucky for me, I was able to replace it through a vendor on Amazon.  The thing I like most about this phone is that it does NOT have the keys on the outside.  I like the smooth, sleek look and the slide out qwerty keyboard.  I like the small size of the phone as it easily fits in a pocket or purse.  I like the ability to set up favorite contacts on one screen and the ability to see text message threads on another screen.  I recommend this phone to anyone who wants to keep a basic phone but still have the &#34;look&#34; of a smart phone.

Basically everything about this phone is acceptable, the two problems with this phone are the camera, and calling. The camera to start is very blurry, it is very tough to get a photo that is understandable to someone that doesn't know what you took a picture of, so if you like taking pictures, and especially showing them to others, then this phone is not for you. Next, call clarity is terrible, even with the clarity at max (which you can set in the settings.) You can really understand people ONLY if you're both calling from quiet locations, otherwise you will not be able to understand them, and vice versa. Overall, I prefer this basic phone to a person who likes texting, and who doesn't need internet and data.

The battery on this &#8220;almost like new&#8221; phone barely lasts a day. Very disappointing. The phone itself is fine and functions but the battery on a new phone lasts approx 3 days. This one I need to charge everyday.

Its a good easy phone for my 12 year old daughter. She likes that its a touch screen & i like that it doesnt require the internet.

Bought this for my husband to replace his LG Cosmos 2. The touch version is so much better. You can see the numbers to dial with even though the phone itself is slightly smaller. Seems to be easy to use. love the favorite contacts screen

Needed a cheap Verizon phone, but this exceeded all expectations! Looks and works like new! THANKS RECELLULARTOO! Can't wait to order more for family #woweeee

Phone arrived on time. I was very pleased. Also, phone came with all accessories. I have no complaints what so ever.

calibration is way off sometimes, but it suits my purpose and excellent for the price! good buy if you just

Purchased this for my 12 year old for Christmas.  Did not want a super-expensive phone (she's 12 and can be careless), but wanted a touch-screen.  This essentially the bill.  Account Set up was for some reason difficult, and I had to make several phone calls to Verizon Customer service to walk through  various troble-shooting procedures, which they advised seems to be specific to this model phone.  Once set up the phone has been reliable  and perfect for my daughter.  The only minor issue is that the touch-screen at times feels a little poor in its response. Like the screen is not quite sensitive enough. Not a big issue, especially for a 12 year old.  I would recommend this product.

Do not buy this phone......it doesnt last even 1 year..having issues with screen...never will buy again...poor quality made in china..shocker

Good price and very fast shipping, needed a replacement for my kid who jumped in the pool with his old one, and this was the Best Deal by Far.

I've used this LG Cosmos Touch for the past 2 years and have NO complaints. It has never given me any problem with texting or calling. The battery charge lasts for days. It's just overall a great phone.

I was looking for a simple text phone for my son and this phone seemed to be the right fit.He likes it and that's what matters.Phone was shipped and delivered on time and was in excellent condition.

I love this phone.  It is a hardy little phone, and it has the capability to use a micro SD card.This phone DOES NOT require a data plan - I noticed on some of the descriptions for the specific phones available the seller said that it requires one, but it's one of the few touch-screen phones that doesn't.The only complaint I have for this phone is that it does not have a video-recorder in it - just a regular camera.  Otherwise, it's a great phone which is nice for texting.

Pretty good for a non smart phone and the keyboard is a plus for texting teens. Double the trouble :-)

I have had this phone since March. The only problems I had with the phone at first is that when I plugged it in to charge the screen stays lit. Which is annoying when you are trying to sleep with a big glowing nightlight next to you or on the table. Then it get's these random adds that pop up?? In July the phone got drenched, and unfortunately was unable to be dried out before it was needed. It dried out fairly well but part of the keyboard won't work now. Over all as a phone It is nice, average size, not overly chunky so it ft's in your pocket nicely and sends your messages.

Simple and with only the bells and whistles I want!  Data pkg NOT required!  I love this one!  Will keep coming back for this one@

Am happy with it and it also is compatible with Blue Tooth.  Have had no expectations  just as long as it works.

good basic phone getting harder to find has worked well.

You'll like this phone.  Works great, fits easily in the pocket.  Hard to imagine a better phone for the needs of non-Smart Phone people.

The phone itself was fine, but the connection from the battery to the phone did not work properly so we ended up getting another phone from the provider and have learned a lesson with buying from a third party over the Internet.

my granddaughter loves the touch screen it makes it easy amd fast for her to use when in a hurry

Lets see,I ordered the LG Cosmos touch,I received in the mail box LG Extravert.. I don't know, you tell me...did i keep the Extravert ? yes, was i going to go through the trouble of resending it back and trying to get another or correct copy ? I steamed about it for a day before i decided that i would just keep it...I know what you are thinking, duh stupid why trade down when you just traded up with out trying....Well i kinda had a warm spot for the LG Cosmos Touch, it was meant for me so that i could replace my existing LG Cosmos Touch and hand my used one down to my kid....long story short...i still have the LG Cosmos Touch, and the kid has the Extravert...lol...so to you people out there reading these random reviews ,,,yes i did know what i was ordering and from where...all of the paperwork, and e-mail confirms and purchase B.S. did match for what i purchased,,,,blah blah blah blah....they screwed up or they didn't have one in stock, so they sent me the wrong one....I got lucky that i did not end up with a piece of junk or less than what i wanted for a basic qwerty phone....how or why did this happen ? You Tell Me......why is the sky blue ?.....does a Bear Sh@# in the woods ?

I got this phone because I wanted a touch screen but wasn't ready to commit to a smart phone. I loved it, at first... Then it started shutting off randomly, and the screen started to go out so everything was so bright you could hardly see it. I got this in February and replaced it with my old phone by July.

I've had this phone for about a year now. it has been okay up until a few months ago.i barely drop this phone. i never put water on or near it and it shuts off on me or freezes up. the worst thing now is i can't close it. if i do the screen gets all messed up. if i close it and lock it, it turns a very dark blue with half and half of the screen divided and it flashes also. before it would just be blue and not let me see anything. also it's sometimes vice versa. sometimes i cant open it or it will get messed up. i would not get this phone if you want it for a long time.

My daughter has had this phone for almost 4 years, I ordered another for my granddaughter when she needed one. No complaints from either of them

The phone will not work correctly (touch screen) it will not calibrate no matter how many times you do it.  The buttons seem to be to sensitive because when you are texting extra buttons are always being pushed and it gets very frustrating.

The phone was not in great shape as stated in the ad.  Had lots of scratches and looked like it was dropped a lot

The Lg Cosmos Touch is not a phone I recomend. The bad things about this phone is when your talking on the phone and your texting at the same time the phone glitches. Also if you are a fast texter it lags typing the words. The phone also shuts down ALL the time if you have been texting for 3 hours. The screen is resistent so you have to apply a great pressure to the screen to go on your contacts, messages, dial pad, ect.....The keybored is cramed which makes it hard to text. I have had this phone for almost a year having to replace it twice and it still had problems. Another bad thing about this phone is the size of the phone. It's a very small phone. Again i would NOT recomend this phone to anybody!!!!

I'm still looking for this phone.  Don't even know why I would've ordered it.  Oh well, if it's hidden in a box somewhere, I'll find it someday and rate it.

would give ) stars if possible. Phone came worked for 15 min then the screen went to a bar code look. If I turned it off it would restart fine but go right back to bar code screen. My son never got to touch the phone, and refund process was very very slow

Not sure who refurb'd this phone, but it's awful.  Horrible issues with the microphone and signal quality.  The battery life is nearly non existent.  Replaced the battery, and it still has consumption issues.  Returning to seller, wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

I love this phone. Its great for my son. No data package needed but works like a smart phone nice touch screen. Perfect with slideout keyboard. Only draw back is no video.

I bought this phone new from Verizon. It has been reliable but frustrating to say the least. It was the first phone I bought with a Qwerty keyboard which was the primary reason I bought it, along with being a touch screen. The camera is useless at 1.3 megapixels and the photo quality is pathetic. But I digress, I didn't buy it for the camera it was the keyboard I craved. Nice and large it was an attractive silver with the buttons being illuminated in a beautiful blue. Not ever having a keyboard before I figured all Qwerty's must be flat, hard to depress and unresponsive right? This keyboard frustrated the heck out of me. Impossible to see unless you are texting in the dark and I found myself going back over and over and over to correct mistakes I made all the time. I finally bought a Samsung Rogue after reading the reviews on Cnet, and guess what? NIGHT AND DAY with the keyboards, Samsungs being responsive, quick and easy as heck to type on. You live you learn right? This is without a doubt the worst phone I have ever owned. The call quality is marginal the speakerphone ok. That's absolutely the best I can say on the plus side.

I like the phone.  exactly what i expected.  the w on the board doesn't work great, but other than that, it functions just fine.

Stopped working on me after a month. Not happy wish i could get my money back thanks alot for selling me a bad phone

I have had this phone for a little over two years now and the only reason I have not gotten a new phone is because I do not want to be forced into getting a smart phone.This phone has been a piece of junk since day 1 I got it. I have been through 3 of this same phone. The first one I got broke the day I got it as I was trying to switch my contacts over. My second phone got wet (which I will admit was my fault). The third one I have now is not any better than the first two. They all would constantly reset themselves randomly. I have been in the middle of texts and phone calls and the phone will just decide to reset itself.There have been numerous occasions where the phone would just stop making/receiving texts/calls for the whole day. I have no idea why it did that, and there was no explanation. I have reset this phone more times than I can count and it always does the same thing.I am a heavy texter and this phone cannot keep up with me. The phone delays and is notorious for typing extra letters when I hit one key. The screen will also delay when I switch between the virtual keyboard and the qwerty keyboard.I seriously regret ever getting this phone. I wish I never switched to this phone from my Alias

Very disappointed.  Within two weeks the touch screen would not work properly.  Tried taking to Verizon stores and was told phone cannot be repaired. Complete waste of money.

Bought it refurbished, very happy with it, works great no problems with it  the cost was less than half of a new one

I purchased this phone for my daughter for Christmas.  Within 60 days the touch screen stopped working.  I have been emailing with this vendor (through Amazon) since March 10 and just keep getting the runaround. Now they are telling me there is nothing they can do because it is past the 90 days, but when I started these communications with them it was not. They only reason it is past 90 days is because they would never give me an answer as to replacing or refunding me for the item.  Never again!!!!!

I really like this new phone. touch screen is great and it works really well. Has a long battery. Nice upgrade from the LG Cosmos for me.

no problems with this phone it was bought for a teenage son and he is enjoying using it.would buy from this buyer again

I have had this phone for almost 2 years. It was nice at first. I don't text, surf the web, and whatnot that you cool kids do these days. I need a phone to store numbers and make calls. This phone hasn't filled that basic need for the past six months.The touch screen malfunctioned within the first week of ownership. I exchanged the phone for a new one, which was slow but functional for the following year and a half. One average day, I received an email from Verizon stating that I was eligible for an upgrade. This would be wonderful news if I were considering renewing my contract. During the next week the screen stopped responding to touch (hmmm - conspiracy, anyone?). The phone is useless without the touch screen. I use voice dial to call the contacts in my list, but I can't add any new contacts. Nor can I look up anyone's number or return a missed call after checking voicemail.I've been paying Verizon $70 a month for a POS phone that can't even make a call. &#60;sigh&#62; Just biding my time until I'm contract free...BTW - I have phones from 10+ years ago that still function. Can't connect them because they lack GPS. BUT they still function. There's something to be said about the lack of quality in today's products.

This is my second VN270. My first one was damaged. This was my best choice over updating to a new phone locally. I just needed the basics, liked a keyboard and this phone works great.

For me this has been a great phone and will use it until it dies.  I didn't need anything but a basic phone and this is great!

I thought the phone was pretty neat. The battery life was good. The only thing that was wrong two times (on different phones) The screen went black. and that was all after a matter of 7 months of having it.

This was my first cell phone. So, naturally at fist i thought it was amazing. I loved how it was a touch screen so to me it seemed closer to a smart phone, I loved how small and portable it was, the slide out keyboard, even all of the ringtones. Don't get me wrong i still like some of those features, but over time everything started going down hill. After a few months the touch screen became so bad i had to press down so hard my finger would turn white. This is probably what I hate most about this phone. For a while I thought it was because of the screen protector i had put on it but i took it off and nothing changed. Another example of a Con for this phone is the Media Messages. The phone has many apps that you can get if you have a data plan but if you don't, there are constant advertisements that go off at no scheduled time. Often times it wakes me up in the middle of the night advertising "Bing's Mobile Email" or "VZ Navigator." It is extremely annoying and even after I turned off the messages in settings it still goes off. This phone is just hard to use in general, but if you are looking for a phone to JUST call contacts then I guess its okay. The slide out keyboard is really good; i do like that a lot, but the text message set up is definitely NOT efficient. To sum things up, unless you are the kind of person who all they would do on their phone is call people in their contacts (because of the touch screen, the number dial-er is really hard to use) then DO NOT get this phone. By the end of my 2 year contract i was desperate to get a new phone.
