
hey! am writting because am very dissapointed with this phone! i need a unlock phone! i need answers because i need to travel to much between USA and South america! thanks a lots

some of the features don't workits not holding charge all that well I have had to charge it everyday since it cameit says to the top of my screen activation requiredmaking calls is also difficult I sometimes have to check the country code to make sure my call goes throughI was told this model gives problems in other countries & that's why i'm having this issuei'm from Trinidadill think twice before ordering another phone online

I got this phone for my brother and he absolutely loves it. The price was gr8 also. A good buy

I've had 3 Blackberry's prior to this one, each with problems but I liked them but this....I've never had a phone that freezes as much as this, blacks out, battery drainage..and I could go on.I HIGHLY advise to stick to the regular key pad version and avoid this.

i bought this phone for a friend and she just love love love it so much. its not in the u.s.a. so its good cause that makes it international. its the best of a phone , your phone you don't have to change your phone when you travel so all your contacts will be there for you.

its really sad that this bb torch 9850 was sold without a memory card,i had to buy my own memory card to work the phone.

Its good but I notice it hangs at times and it could be frustrating, apart from that, it works perfectly well

it started of as a good phone now i wish i didnt but it, i dont want to take charge and i have only had the phone two months

The call end (power on/off) never worked. Can't END a call. Have to pull out and place battery to on the phone.

Is there a store on Denver? How long has the phone warranty? and my last question Can I use it with Verizon wireless?

good, but is was from sprint and I have to get a code for service activation and I don't know how to do that, because a message that says "activation required".

Maybe I've seen too many updated android telephones, but this was not what I was hoping for. I need something that works on pageplus (3G network) and there are not too many choices. I figured I would give this one a shot. I'm sending it back and trying an android instead.

I used blackberry phones for many years and for the the last few years I had several iPhones and I recently owned a Galaxy.PROs:Small, has many preinstalled applications, such as office, maps, twitter,youtube, maps and the media support is also very good. Can stream Audio via bluetooth.CONs:This phone has good features when compared to the iPhone/Galaxy however the touch feature is terrible in comparison. Sometimes it responds, sometimes it does not. There are hardly any applications in the store that are useful and installing/uninstalling applications require a full system reboot which is terrible. Furthermore, there is no way to completely turn off this phone, therefore if are having issues you will have to remove the battery. I will definitely NOT recommend this phone to anyone.

el telefono como producto funciona muy bien, estoy satisfecho con las ventajas y bondades que ofrece, lamentablemente en venezuela no tenemos la tecnologia adecuada en los proveedores de servicios para aprovechar al maximo estos telefonos.

Pros -1. Good screen size, good graphics while browsing, the phone has a very sleek built and looks attractive to hold, there is a lock mechanism on top of the phone.2. Despite being a touchscreen phone the blackberry has a scroll trackpad for those who may miss it or may need it, this is required to ensure pinpoint accuracy for those who haven't mastered the touchscreen immediately.3. Great camera, super fast. Picture a friend looking to get out of the image before you click, too late, the camera is super fast. It does have a flash too.4. Call quality is strong and you get reception everywhere. OS 7.0 isn't very different from the previous Operating System. Some say it should have been called 6.5 to show the lack of technological advancement since the previous operating system.Cons -1. While the phone is sleek, the on screen keyboard will take some time getting used to and there aren't many options for changing it.2. Compared to an Android the screen doesn't have that kind of wooing ability.3. The phone is a blackberry without a keyboard and for those who stick to the blackberry for features such as BBM, this is an immediate departure.4. While this is a great phone, it is missing a keyboard and therefore pitted directly against Android phones and that is where it is truly beaten black and blue. As an entertainment device it isn't very loud.For a very long time, Blackberry was formulaic and introduced little changes to their phones because their known formula was working. I used to respect them for that but in this day and age when you are competing with the likes of Apple and Android, most people who use the Blackberry as their sole device are dropping it and looking for other things. There are many cross platform chat softwares which work three quarters as good as the Blackberry like say Whatsapp (instead of the famous BBM).If you are considering getting this phone, do look at a store model I would strongly suggest. Voice clarity is good, design is good, the basics are fine. People coming from old Samsung Instincts would like this phone. So would people who have a Blackberry Style. Someone coming to this phone from an Android like Samsung Epic or HTC Evo won't be able to use it without complaining once in a way. The battery life is poor because they are now making their phone slimmer and the touchscreens bigger. From Blackberry I would like a better browsing experience and maybe a better onscreen keyboard. This phone was a great try and it's heartening to see how sleek and beautiful a blackberry has become.

I loved the design, very cute and with the necessary applications. It worked very well with the operators of Venezuela

Hoy 26/03 recibi el Celular y No enciende...  Por favor indicarme los pasos a seguir para la garantia. Como hago?

I ordered this phone cause i wanted to use it outside the US, and since it said unlocked, i reckoned it would do just fine. However, i got a scare when i received the phone and found out it was Sprint branded complete with a sim card and required activation. I felt so disappointed and since i already had it with me in Africa, there was no thought of returning it.I immediately went on the internet to buy an unlock code for it. The unlock code came in the mail, but while i was trying to figure out how to unlock the phone, i discovered that it was actually unlocked.I then put in my local sim and the phone kept on saying activation required. Despite that i put in the required local codes to activate the local BB network on the phone and to my pleasant surprise it worked and the BB line worked and i could make and receive calls.Despite this, the icon for my local network would not show, instead what is permanently displayed is "activation required".Anyway, I'm using the phone and it works well, although it is a Sprint branded phone.

id like to purchase another one but blackberry doesnt support a lot of app..but it ok it works very fast

Having been a loyal blackberry customer for many years, I was so excited to hear that they were coming out with a newer, updated, almost I-phone like touchscreen. I pre-ordered it 2 weeks before it even came out! I guess that was my first mistake...I probably should have waited to see what people said after it was out for a while. Here is my horrific experience with this phone:My preordered phone came to my home on the opening day date! Yay! I brought the phone to the Verizon headquarters to have them set me up. They got my phone all transferred and I was on my way. About an hour into having the phone I noticed the programs weren't working and most applications weren't opening up. I then brought the phone back to the headquarters store and they promptly exchanged me with a new phone. An hour later, I was walking out of the store happy as a pig in you know what. As soon as I got to my truck IN THE PARKING LOT I noticed the buttons were not working. I played around with it to make sure I was not crazy. I wasn't. I brought the phone in 5 minutes after I had walked out and customer service could NOT believe it! They felt so bad for me. I toyed around with the idea of just going with a completely new phone (Driod, Iphone) and decided to give it ONE MORE TRY since I had 14 days STILL to change my mind. Another 30 minutes later I walked out again and had a new phone (the third one) and was happy again.That was 88 days ago. Today I woke up and the phone just completely would not turn on. I was so angry. The battery was not dead it was completely fine the night before. I proceeded to call customer service who said I would have to take it back to the store I got it from. The store said all they could do was replace it with the same exact phone (new...which was nice since usually they make you get a refurbished one). The problem is I didn't want a NEW TORCH. It sucks. It is garbage. This is coming from a LOYAL blackberry customer. I had the old curve, the new curve, the bold, etc. This is garbage and definitely the END of RIM.So now I am out the $130 I paid to "upgrade" and I am stuck with a CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED Droid Incredible 2. This wouldn't be a problem except for the fact that I paid $130 88 days ago to have a USED phone.I heard great things about all of the Droid products so I am excited for the switch (I am not quite ready for the Iphone....must....not....give....in).Wish me luck, but please....do NOT bother getting this phone. Blackberry is going down the tube. It's a sad day for me. Goodbye Blackberry.

My hsme is jesus and have some questions for you,  please if you can answer my  question , I wanna know what  if it 3g bands 1, 4, or 8 and t-Mobile

The mobile phone is often freezing.Often all sound alerts even voice during call turn off and i have to remove the battery in order to make it working normally.Battery works only one day.i do not recommend the phone anyone.else

The phone its self is okay, main application, but it&#8217;s not compatible in Africa, The only thing that this phone is able to do is just used it as an ordinary phone. It cannot be connected to internet as it cannot be activated by the local phone providers. The only time that you can use internet is when you have WIFI which is not possible in Africa-Zambia. When you want to recharge you pre paid card with airtime, you have to remove the sim card put it in another phone. I am not sure its worth the money if you are to use it in Africa as this is a Verizon Phone.

I purchased this phone for a friend living abroad. To start, it was NOT unlocked as advertised. He had to pay to have it unlocked. Secondly, he text me to say the phone keeps freezing up on him. And while I understand that touchscreen phones can freeze, that should NOT BE happening TO A NEW PHONE. I am most upset over that. Then to add to all that, another Blackberry phone I purchased on Amazon a few months earlier is also giving problems, as told to me by the other friends whom I bought it for. Now am beginning to wonder if these phones are new after all ?????????

The delivery was on time and they ensure customer satisfaction I would most definitely recommend them to anyone... I am positively gonna be using their services again. Phone works well and is exactly what I was expecting...I am completely satisfied

i like it a lot the only problem it was not unlocked i had to take it here to unlocked and pay for it but its ok good phone

I just received my mobile in Ecuador, and I received a locked Blackberry from Sprint. I don't know how to unlocked it.

This is the worst phone ever. I dnt knw if it's bcuz this fone is a verizon branded fone but since I bought it I am not pleased.1.I can't send text msgs as the fone keeps changing the msg centre number.2. My email accounts could nt b activated-had to pay a technician to wipe the phone before I was able to wipe thephone b4 I was able  to add my accounts.3. The keyboard goes blank every now and then4. I am nt able to restore my bb contacts after upgradinf the software (though I had already done so previously).Total waste of money. I just wanna get rid of this fone

muy bueno este producto y me a parecido muy bueno. . . . . . . . . . .

Este BB9850 no sirve para ser utilizado con la Cia. Tigo en Paraguay, basicamente no lo reconoce cuando he intentado activarlo porque viene configurando para Verizon.

I bought the same phone as a matter of fact 2...I was able to convince a friend to purchase one as well...it did say activation required...I was using the phone but it sill said that...I googled it found the solution...Punched in ##000000, then entered my phone number in the first line, saved it and that wasit...never saw 'activation required' again...

THIS PHONE CAME WITH ACCESSORIES USED DAMAGE REALLY RECOMMEND NOT A SCAM.NOT REALLY RECOMMEND SOMETHING COMPLETELY UNFAIR.PLEASE BE PENDING AMAZON OF THIS CUSTOMER.

I've had quite a few Blackberry phones now. This is by far the best one. The touch screen is responsive and vivid. The phone is quick and runs programs without the lag experienced with prior Blackberry phones. In short, this is far and away the best Blackberry out there. With that said, if you're not tied to Blackberry (likely due to an IT Policy) then I'd go with an iPhone or Android phone. Nonetheless, this is a great piece of hardware. If Blackberry had the same depth in their app store I think this phone would compete well with anything out there (iPhone and Android).

i used to own a bb 9630. the change to the qwerty keyboard kinda shocked me but after 2 weeks i finally managed use it fast. best phone ive ever had

Sorry but this phone is crap. I buy 2 devices and 2 devices have malfunction. 100%I write form Venezuela, i do not unable to repair because thecnician do not know

It look awfull when i bought it!!!!!!!It's not worth it!!!!!!!!!i do not like it, it was expensive and ashame should be the creator of that phone

I love this phone .. for a moment I thought of buying another brand because I've always used blackberry .. but certainly this was my total satisfaction, large touchscreen that has nothing to envy to a android or ios

I am completely dissatisfied with the seller that the publication was saying that the phone had cash to buy him and buy him a blackberry 9850 and I sent it in motorola box, no charger or USB cable and the battery is not bad bulging bone served , I am very upset about this situation.

The Blackberry Torch 9850 it's a really good phone, very practical and easy to use, I recommend it for any telephone company.

I bought this phone because it said it was unlock i just got it yesterday shiping was on time i give that 5 stars but phone isn't unlocked when i first turned it on it said activation required i went to try and activate it and they $80 and they said it might not even work

very good mobile phone, fast and elegant, totally recommend, for active and organized, good signal reception, good price value for money

Ive always loved blackberry phone designs better than any other phone....I hope my phone is verizon like i ordered an not a sprint brand.....come on torch 9850

is an excellent product, the total description of the product is as advertised as such at the time of purchase ....very pleased

I've received this phone today and it seems great. I was worried if it would work with my service provider since i live in the caribbean but it does. The phone says "Activation Required" but it is unlocked, all the telephone features (call, text etc.) work perfectly. Great buy would recommend.

What was expected to stay if very satisfied with this phone. Very good resolusion of the camera and very good sound

Oh dear this has been an experience! Great communication with seller, answered all questions on time and was patient. However the product worked perfectly for one month then started to give many issues battery dying after one hour, losing all files, powering off on its own and restarting without any command, dropping calls. I am upset with the product not the seller.

AMIGOS ESTE VENDEDOR NO ES SERIO NI RESPONSABE, EN LA PUBLICACION INDICAN QUE ES NUEVO PERO NO ES ASI ES UN EQUIPO REPARADO O REPOTENCIADO NO LLEGA EN SU CAJA ORIGINAL, NO LLEGO EL AUDIFONO Y  A MENOS DE 2 MESES DE USO PRESENTABA FALLAS EN EL SOFTWARE SE COLGABA Y REINICIABA CONSTANTEMENTE HASTA QUE A LOS 6 MESES MURIO Y NO ARRANCO MALO... EN RESUMEN ESTE VENDEDOR VENDE EQUIPOS USADO Y REPARADOS QUE NO AGUANTA E USO, HE TENIDO MUCHOS TELEFONOS Y SOY CUIDADO ME DURA MUCHO PERO ESTE FUE EL PEOR NO CULPO A FABRICANTE YA QUE TENGO AMIGOS QUE LO TIENEN Y NO HAN TUBIERON LOS INCOVENIENTES QUE YO TUVE.____________________________________________________________________________________________________FRIENDS THIS SELLER IS NOT SERIOUS OR RESPONSABE, INDICATE THAT THE PUBLICATION IS NEW BUT IT IS NOT A TEAM IS REPAIRED OR repowered NOT ARRIVE IN ORIGINAL BOX, NOT ARRIVED THE HEADSET AND LESS THAN 2 MONTHS OF USE PRESENTED THE SOFTWARE IS FAILURE HANGING AND CONSTANTLY UNTIL restarted TO 6 MONTHS STARTED DIED AND NO BAD ... IN SUMMARY THIS SELLER USED EQUIPMENT SALE AND REPAIRED USING NON HOLD E, HE HAD MANY PHONES AND I AM CARE ME MUCH DOES THIS WAS THE WORST BUT NOT BLAME A MANUFACTURER AND FRIENDS THAT I HAVE AND HAVE NOT tubieron I HAD THE DISADVANTAGES

compre 2 telefonos celulares DESBLOQUEADOS!!! y al dia de HOY sigo sin poder usarlos, los mismos vinieron con un chip que nunca pedi y no me permiten usarlos con el de mi empresa. no me sirven por estar bloqueados

Good afternoon, I have this to say hello to indicate that the product was successfully received, tell them beforehand that the product lacks microsd memory and its respective handsfree, which did not come and I appreciate your response to this detail .... My email: brenisjoseg@gmail.com, I appreciate your attention to this detail, because everything has acsesorios phone at purchase.

I have 3 months with the phone, from the beginning the back cover of the battery did not close properly, but because of the protective liner is not yet the last month on the phone has failed to maintain network coverage and additionally charging the battery does not last long without even proper use of the telephoneand sometimes I have trouble loading it. is very sad to see that the phone does not work properly with so little airtime. I'm nonconformist with the purchase is not what I expected. Was unable to write my  unconformity because I thought they could be easily solvable problems, but to take it to a specialist tells me that manufactures and presents problems if it opensit if you lose your warranty. Additionally m said tlf surely is repowered and new as the ad said. I have a lot of disappointment..

Phone working good. I bought three in this phone. The first one did ask for an activation code. I did contact the supplier and in no time i got the code. The other two came unlock. And it is working perfectly here in Trinidad with both carriers.

Like the touch screen but the bb phones stick a lot. Not a phone I will buy again. Memory is not so good either...

The purchase and delivery of the cellphone was excellent service. But the cellphone is not 3G so i feel like i got tricked. But other than the cellphone not being 3G it works just fine for me.

THE RECEIVED PRODUCT WENT THE SAME ONE THAT THE PROMOTED ONE, WHICH I DO NOT RECOMMEND FOR ANYTHING, IS THE RANGE OF TELEPHONES VERIZON, OF THE REST I AM AGREE SO MUCH WITH THE SELLER AS OF THE TIME OF SENDING

This is a sleek, beautiful phone. I had a storm, so I was attached to the idea of the touch screen. Unfortunately by week two, I experienced a problem, The phone stopped rebooting fully. I have to hold the "back" button (the u-turn looking one) for it to boot to safe mode then restart. Unfortunate but it is what it is. Sending it back would've cost me too much. But I love my phone.Don't let that stop you from purchasing it. It has more application memory etc. and it functions well, so it's a great value.

Me dejo de funcionar de un Dia para otro, solo enciende la luz del led, me siento estafado ya que no incluye Garant&iacute;a. Me robaron

The phone worked perfectly, worth the money. I bought it for my father and he loved it so much .

Purchased this phone from BLUTEKUSA advetized as new and it was at best refurbished.Beware Ask questions!Phone is not "NEW" as described by seller on his add.  It is at best a refurbished item so be ware. The reason it's obvious that it is a "REFURBISHED" and "NOT NEW" is that all the rubber on the side is either ripped or marred with nicks and scratches all over the phone.  The silver or chrome parts have scratches, The plastic film on the screen had fingerprints all over.Item was fulfilled by Amazon and it is very sad that standards of Amazon have fallen to same level as fraudulent sellers. I'm assuming that Amazon is not checking whether the actual items are new or not.  Did not bother to contact the seller because the phone was shipped to another country different than that of the USA so I would most likely have to send th e phone back to the US in order to return.Extremely disappointed on this company "BLUTEKUSA" and on Amazon on this purchase!

Es un excelente celular, delgado y practico, con pantalla tactil, recomendado para todas las operadoras, funciona muy bien, la camara de 5MP toma unas fotos con una resolucion unica, tiene Wifi, captura video.

this phone never worked

Its one of Blackberry's Best Phone, i already have one and i bought this for my aunt, she loves it!!!

It works, the activation required message did come on when trying to use in another country however I entered the codes I found via goggle and it vanished. I have had freezing problems with it not sure I will be keeping it for 2  long.

First and foremost the phone was a beauty. it was new and in excellent condition. unfortunately it was an unlocked verizon phone. For future please inform people exactly which carrier the phone is for because unfortunately i did not see that it was for verizon and not att or tmobile... it doesnt work in this country.

perfect, the delivery time, the only thing to say is that the phone has alcostado small marks on the screen, what uqe not understand is that the phone came with a chip, you just put mine and it worked.

I purchased recently BlackBerry Torch 9850 Unlocked Quadband GSM/3G Smart Phone with Touchscreen, 5-MP Camera, HD 720p video capture, Music Player, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth but what i received was varizon locked phone as i was travelling to india i could not return it and i got it opened here in india paying another 50$.

muy buen equipo de lo mejor que he tenido, ya tengo mas de un mes con el y me parece perfecto, apesar de noi levantar 3g en mi pais es un buen tlf

excelente telefono sus aplicaciones son buenisimas, el tiempo estimado de entrega del mismo fue como lo indicaron rapidos y confiables

it said unlocked, that's fine and i got the signal bar on the top of the screen using my own simcard from my country operator.but when i tried to check my balance (using key *888#) it says "call failed"i didn't tried to make a call to any number because i'm currently on international roaming, but i only make an operator call and it was operator machine answered.

Fill my expectations, it is very fast to connect to the wi fi internet, is thin easy to handle. sharpness of the photos are excellent storage capacity is enough for me.The only thing is that I had good nokia and now change to black berry and difficult to adapt to the program, but I really like the phone.The price is quite affordable, in my country these phones are expensive, so I decided to buy it on amazon.I recommend this seller, very responsible and the shipping was fast

hello,i bought this blackberry less than a month ago. the memory card of the device is not working, its not working as a 3G, and youtube is not working either.what can you do to solve my problem?thank you

If I buy this phone unlocked, will I be able to use it with a T-mobile sim card even though the phone says Sprint on it ??

i have one question: this phone is unlocked? im from venezuela and i use movistar.i really want to buy this phone model but need that information first

Everything worked as I was expecting. Some technical configuration issues but Verizon was able to resolve. If you buy one make sure the phone is unlocked. Otherwise, you take a risk of the phone not working.

Didn't have all the parts when I received so I returned, the second one had less parts and even had a hard time starting up.

ME ENCANTO EL TEL&Eacute;FONO, LA CALIDAD DE IMAGEN DE LAS FOTOGRAFIAS PUEDE DEJAR EN PENA A UNAS CUANTAS CAMARAS DIGITALES DE AHORA, Y LAS FUNCIONES.... SIMPLEMENTE  CUBRI&Oacute; MIS ESPECTATIVAS

Me gusta mucho el tel&eacute;fono, llego en perfectas condiciones funciona bien, es f&aacute;cil de manejar, es ligero, c&oacute;modo y se navega bien por internet

I was so excited when i get the phone now bearly after 4 months it is not workin.this pone apparntly although bein advertise as unlocked is only intended for the us market.the pone consanly drops my local carrier n wqs goin into roamin mode i missed alot of bb messagezs from my friends and had to constatly reset the network.

I love the phone. It serves my purpose generally. It has some very good features that I need in a phone. I do not want to give it up. However,  I am unable to charge the battery. I still have my Blackberry Bold and luckily the batteries are the same so I can use it to charge my battery. what should I do?

The phone is great, really beautifull and helpfull but it didn't worked with 3G how it showed in the publicity. just EDGE at least in Vzla is not good enought because it won't be as fact as you expect.. but it arrived completed and fine.

Rapida la Entrega, sin novedadBlackBerry Torch 9850 Unlocked Quadband GSM/3G Smart Phone with Touchscreen, 5-MP Camera, HD 720p video capture, Music Player, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth

May I use this medium to find out why the blackberry purchase did not come with a USB cable. Due to this, I could not charge my blackberry let alone verify if it works! Therefore there is nothing to review yet!

hey guys it comes with warranty or not? let me know please ,thxxxxxxxxxxxx guys ,enjoy your phonenothing to write more than that

When I first opened the box I had so many expectations with the touch pad only interface.  Now that I have had the 9850 for about 6 months i Mostly want to throw it against the wall.  To be fair typing on the screen works reasonably well though not quite as good as a iphone or a android phone, but its adequate.  My top complaint is that the phone locks up ALL the time.  This occurs many times a day when you are trying to use the touch screen interface and it displays a clock type icon in the middle of the screen, usually lasts for about 30-60 seconds.  This is equivalent to the hour glass icon you get with a windows computer while it's crunching data.  It serious acts like it just doesn't have enough RAM. This temporary lock-up occurs at least half the times I pick up the phone to do either email or use the Google Navigation app.  You really have to keep the number of apps open as low as possible.  There are always 4-5 apps open that you can't close and I try to stay below 6-7 apps open for fear of it locking up more.My second issue with this phone and its just as annoying as the first one, the battery will not last a full day.  I do live in the Dallas area and so I'm on 4G a lot and I read that may have something do it with it.  Still a fully charged phone should make it past 3pm in the afternoon.  To be clear, all I use this phone for is my company outlook email, my gmail app, and a navigation app (either the Google maps app or AT&T; navigator app).  I don't use it as a music player or to watch movies or any games of any sort.  email and navigation, that's it.  I now have to always keep a charger in the car with me, especially when traveling, to limp it back home or back to the hotel in the evenings.Can't wait till my company gets away from Blackberry's and I can get either an android or an iphone. I really hopes this review helps someone else.

Not a bad buy, had a lot of problems with the first phone levana's celluar sent, but the customer support was great. Eventually had to return the phone, and I got a replacement. Works pretty good. The only issue I have with the Torch 9850 is that typing can prove challenging, don't recommend if your into texting alot.

El tel&eacute;fono lo compre para mi hijo y le encant&oacute;.  En Venezuela, solo le colocamos el chip de Movistar y funciono de maravillas.

Blackberry is still a good option. This phone was difficult to activate here in Venezuela specifically on Movilnet. But They finally activated it. I love touch screen phones.

i would to know if i will be able to use this phone outside of US in a GSM network?BlackBerry Torch 9850 Unlocked Quadband GSM/3G Smart Phone with Touchscreen, 5-MP Camera, HD 720p video capture, Music Player, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth -

The phone was in good condition and arrived on time but it wasn't unlocked so I had to pay to unlock it.Only had it for a week so will see how it works.

It looked as if it were new. It was as I expected. I will buy again from this source, If they have more

Exactly as described. perfect condition..not sure if was originally unlocked but you get help if you call them. Check for this immediately you get the phone! But yes, definitely recommend.

When I received the phone I was shocked to see 'Verison Wireless' when it booted up. Everything works well except that there is a forever "Activation Required" on the top of the screen. It is unlocked but Verison always wants something activated.  I tried to transfer all the data from my other BBerry to this one. The software asked me if I wanted to upgrade to 7.1.  Big mistake. It wiped out EVERYTHING from the phone. I had to have a technican reinstall the OS. The side navigation button does not work. So far, I have not encounted any other problem. I receive and make calls and everything else is accecssable.

me gusta mucho funciona perfecto con digitel en venezuela .. ... .... .  .  . . . . . . .

excelente celular, llevo 2 semanas usandolo y funciona de maravilla, le coloque el ship y lo detecto sin problema, lo unico es que cuando lo instale deben configurar la red movil para que funciones en 2g y 3g, porque sino van a tener problema de senal, la conexion de internet mediante wifi es rapida, lo recomiendo
