
didn't even have it for three months and it stopped charging, won't hold a charge, won't even charge, son is very sad.  Wasn't even used that much just every other weekend when my son was at his dads.

Cute phone and easy to use but lost its ability to charge after a few days.  Should have listened to others reviews.  Returned.

I bought this phone because my old one like this had broke after several years.  Never had a issue with my old one.  I didn't want a phone that required a data plan.

I like the phone but plugged it in to charge the battery and it won`t charge. got to bye a new battery

Second one I bought for my son who is really tough on phones.  I use the same type of phone for myself.  I like it a lot.

This phone will not charge the battery it came with or any batteries.  I couldn't go any longer without a phone so I didn't return it. I have to use my old phone to recharge the battery.  The buttons on the side of the phone to turn the volume up will stick at times.  I am not happy with this purchase.

The new one was great and worked well for a long time. Then I lost it. The replacement was defective. It turned on one time and off 45 seconds later. It never turned back on again. Terribly refurbished.

BEWARE this item is refurbished and after 3 months with it the phone is acting up and not working anymore.

I really needed another phone so after reviewing, I decided to get the Samsung Strive.  I like the phone in itself so far.  Going from a smartphone to a basic phone with features will take a little getting used to.  But as a basic phone, this phone does have a lot of great smartphone features that is part of the package.I only am giving it four stars because when I opened the phone to install the battery, the battery package showed that I had been given a "re-conditioned" battery that was last tested in "August, 2011".  I was surprised and angry but since Amazon did the fulfillment for the sale, I immediately wrote to them and asked for a new battery.  An apology came back telling me I could either get a full refund or they would refund my account a certain percentage of the cost.  I wrote back and asked why I could not just get a new battery.  Amazon fulfillment apologized again for the mishap and made me the same offer explaining that the seller, Cell-source, has inventory that is changing constantly.  So I guess Cell-source doesn't have any more "new" batteries!  Based on their name, I would have assumed they should have all different kinds of accessories.  I am accepting the partial refund from Amazon because I need the phone and don't want to go through all that work of trying to find another one.  Please understand that I realize it is not Amazon's fault but the seller.Do not buy anything from "Cell-Source" since according to Amazon, their inventory is constantly changing.  That means, they can't back up anything that you may buy from them.UPDATE:  I have decided to return the phone.  Too many small feature hangups.  The phone kept locking my keypad and then asking me to unlock it.  I could not find any information on how to shut it off.  I couldn't get online with Samsung and AT&T; was of no use.  Wasted too much time on line trying to figure how to fix it.  I spent 2 different hours on the phone over 2 days to try to get AT&T; to help me.Basically as a general phone, I'm sure it is a good phone but it just wasn't for me.  I'm going back to my smart phone.

Just got this phone yesterday. It have been on the charger and still its dead. Not happy with it at all.

I got this phone on time but the phone would say it would be charging but it wouldn't charge! I had to call the company and they are sending me a new battery. Its been a week and my battery still isn't here! This phone has way to many problems! Don't buy it!

This is the best phone I have had in 4 years. Two phones I had previously didn't last me 6 months.  I have never had a moments trouble and am considering buying another for another line.

I bought this phone to replace my wife's other Samsung Strive that finally gave out after almost 3 years. We were happy to find this phone still available for purchase. It was sold as NEW, but we had problems with it the very first day, within minutes of turning it on. It shut off and we couldn't get it to turn back on. We let it charge overnight, and the battery showed a full charge, but in less than an hour, the battery was dead. We tried another battery. Same thing. We tried a different charging cord, in a different location. The phone just wouldn't allow the battery to charge or hold a charge. Then the  phone shut off and we couldn't get it to turn back on at all. We returned it. I don't believe this phone was new, but possibly refurbished. I was very disappointed with this purchase..

I felt compelled to add this testimonial. I bought this phone FOUR years ago for my daughter for "stay in touch" at school, etc. I don't want a data plan when all she does is use it for texting, and a few calls. Reception is fine. We don't use the browser at all. No pics either. Text comes in perfect "conversation" threads and always shows the contact correctly based on the names in her list. Sturdy phone - still in perfect shape after all this time. The battery finally died this week.  Four years later.After exhaustive researching, it seems evident AT&T; is forcing us all into data plans by offering the crappiest QUEWTY models available. The only 2 they offer have scathing reviews. After much thought, I am buying the $5 ($FIVE!) battery available on Amazon to replace in this phone and just let it keep on truckin' !  In fact, I ordered TWO batteries.  $10 is the cheapest option out there.

Good phone, slipped the ATT sim card and off it went! No complaints, great reception for voice calls, typing is easy,text messaging a breeze. Smart phone nope! Great call quality and competent texting phone, definitely! Do the math, and take into account the ATT $36.00 activation when you get that &#34;free&#34; upgrade, which includes a new 2 year contract at the higher subsidized monthly rate, before you have to sharpen your pencil you will realize this phone paid for itself in under 3 months! Don't hesitate to recommend it highly if this is what you are in the market for.

This phone sucks! It's owned me for a year and I'm glad to get rid of it! I finally was able to get an upgrade and went with the Galaxy 2 Skyrocket! It's the best phone I've ever owned, I suggest you buy that instead and forget you ever saw this thing!

I bought this phone on Oct 28th and it is already broken,  it won't turn on or work at all.Changed the battery with  new one, tried different chargers and no luck, bad phone.Darrell

I had this phone for many years, and eventually the speaker went out. I cannot tell you how many times I dropped it and even stepped on it and it kept on working. I tried to upgrade at AT&T with several other phones and hated them all.  I was under the impression they had stopped making this phone, but then I found it on Amazon.com.  I had to pay more than I would have for an upgrade with AT&T, but it was well worth it.

the problem with this phone is the battery doesnt hold a charge. Always keep it as fully charged as possible.

Like this model of phone, but we had this particular phone a short while when it stopped charging correctly.  Now, it will charge sometimes and sometimes it won't.  Of course, it was too late to send it back at that point. Ordered a new one from a different site, so we will see how that goes.

I love this phone so much, that when it died, I went on Amazon and brought another just like it. But it must not be meant for me to cause 3 months later I dropped it in the toilet....smh

I was super excited to see people selling this particular phone on Amazon!! This was my first official non-Tracphone and I got it for my freshman year of college : ) It worked perfectly for me and I had it for about 4 years before I started experiencing problems with it. It seemed like a cord was disconnected or something because it works while closed but stops working when I flip it up. This was fine, I just taped it shut, but then I couldn't text or call numbers I didn't already have in my contacts. I read reviews about this phone and there seemed to be a lot of complaints about the charging part of it, but I decided getting the phone I was familiar with was worth the risk. Long story short I ordered this phone, was super excited that it was new and still in its box, and put my old SIM card in it. This new phone does not charge the batteries. I have used the charger it came with, and 2 of my other chargers and it just does not charge.. it says it is charging but as soon as I unplug it, it goes back to &#34;low batterie.&#34; It is not the end of the world though, I have been switching out the batteries and charging them with my old phone and then putting them back into the new one. It is a bit of a hassle, especially for long phone calls, but it is worth it too me to have the phone I want. I am sure when this one dies or I get sick of it I will probably upgrade to a better phone, but for now I am happy with it : )

I owned a phone just like this one for 4 years and LOVED IT!  It started dying so I started to look for another one.  I purchased one and it worked great except it would not hold a charge and would not charge again so I sent it back.  I found this one.  Again, it works great but it will not charge.  I have to charge the battery through my old phone and switch it out anytime it gets low.  I also have to watch because as soon as it hits 2 bars, it will say &#34;low battery&#34; and die just like that, no other warning and no time to end a call or finish what you are doing.  I am disappointed in this version of my old phone.  The new improvements were not great!

I will never order another phone from this seller I should have asked for my money back the volume wouldn't even work what a mess and miss leading to a faithful customer I was very very disappointed

this phone is advertised as a touchscreen and it isnt...it also does not charge all the way and shuts its self off when I am using it. I also got a refurbished phone when I paid for a brand new one. By the time I got my phone, the last day to return it was here and I could not return it so now I am stuck with it.

I got this a while back and it was really durable. I dropped it like 1 million times and it was still good. I had unit for about a year and then I got and smart phone. When i got rid of it the phone still worked like new

I love this phone but lalaker699 is not the company to buy it from! I bought 2 refurbished one and even when I replaced the battiers they still did not work correctly.

I have not been able to use the phone because the battery will not hold a charge. It would be nice to try with a good battery

I love the phone and the way it works. I have used this phone for three years with no problems. The new phones i got worked great, the problem is they wont charge. I had to use my old phone to charge the batteries and use the new phones. I just wanted new working phones to replace my old ones, but you don't all ways get what you want. Amazon has been great with the return,they were sold by another company under Amazon.

This phone is awesome.  So easy to use, and I love the color.  I had no problem with it charging up and it has been working perfectly.  Love it, love it, love it!

Did not work when received.  Can not rate it lower than 1 STAR.  It looks nice and yet it did not function.  Got my money back from Amazon, very happy for that.

I bought this phone for my daughter.  She does al lot of texting.  She says she really likes it.  It is easy to use.  It arrived quickly.  It was packaged well.  I was very pleased.

I have had more than one of these.  It is a great phone.  Have had some charging problems with a couple of them but it is a great texting phone.  I will keep it until I get ready to get a smart phone.

I pay for a UNLOCKED cell phone but they send to me a LOCKED cell phone. I hate it. Ok.

Phone works fine as long as you keep the battery almost fully charged all the time, or it will just quit on you. For this reason I bought  another battery?

I ordered this phone plus a hard cover case for it and it didnt take long at all to come in, just hate the fact that i cant use the gps or download games but other then that i love it, i gave up my evo 4g cuz i missed the slider keyboard phones and now i dnt care much for touch phones but i love the slider keyboard phones. 5 stars for sure.

I've have this phone for close to three years and I even dropped it in the tub a couple years back and it still works. The charger port is starting to go out, but other then that I've never had a problem with this phone.

I had this phone for over 2 years and I had no problem with it. I made the mistake of washing mine and had to replace it. The replacement  was the wrong color, wouldn't charge a battery and it was a lot of hassle.

I received one of these free from AT&T two years ago and it has been my favorite cell phone I've used in all the 20+ years I've been a cell phone user.  I love the qwerty keyboard.  I love the color purple.  It takes good picture to be a simple phone.  It does well on colors and you can even change the color of the numbers as they display to purple.  For those who enjoy purple, it's a winner.  I was eligible for another free phone with contract from AT&T but did not see anything that compared to this.  I appreciate the technology in it, without having to commit to a contract, or a plan that includes internet.

The charger port was broken... it wouldnt charge so i had to charge it thru the old phone in order to charge the battery

This phone can be dropped a lot bit it sucks and sometimes freezes up.  I had the phone for almost 3 years

I got this Phone and I knew it wasn't a touchscreen just by looking at it but mine does charge up and it works great and as long as it works give me the Ringtones I want who cares about the rest and the Black one looks like the same way so either your happy with it or your not and I got the Purple one and your right neither one is a touch screen so I don't know why their is a price different and yes that is false advertisement that I do agree with. I had this Phone now for awhile and it keeps charged all day long nomatter how many times I use it and the GPS Navigator works great you just call your Service Provider and have it hooked up its not free.

These are our second round of these phones, they are easy to use, do great on battery life, text, internet, talk.......but you don't have the ridiculous bill like a smart phone. Each phone last about 3 years as our primary phones. Will buy again when the current ones die.

This product would not even turn on so I sent it back.  Additionally, the condition was not as described. Pay attention to the detail.

The battery didn't retain a full charge other then that I would have enjoyed the phone! Maybe my next phone purchase will be successful?

I'm sure it was just a fluke with this one phone but it didnt seem like the battery would charge on it.

Phone freezes up so much that I have to exit and wait about an half hour before I can use it again.I think it might be the Strive phone because I owned one a couple years ago that did the samething.Just thought I'd give it another try.But never again.So unfortionately I don't recommend the Strive.Also the battery that came with the phone gets Really hot and sticky like tape.Have had to replace the battery and have only had the phone for less than a week.

It was suppost to have ben referbished, - There were stillnumbers in memory and it would not hold a charge.

This is phone #2 for me of this model. I was so happy when I found a new one available through Amazon.com. The features that I like the most are NOT a touch screen, and a full key board. Love the color too. Great phone that works wonderful for me.

The charger port is loose & will not charge battery. I have to charge battery in another phone to be able to use phone.

Unbelievable... I dropped this phone (in it's case) on a dirt road and (to my horror) watched a full size pick-up truck run over the phone.  I picked up the phone took it out of the case and to my amazement it was still working.  I immediately made a call and it worked perfectly. I had a screen protector on it and that is a little scratched up, but other than that you would never know it was in an accident.  The case is in rougher shape (tire tracks and dents/scratches from the dirt road) but it cost less than $10 so I won't mind replacing that.

Very easy to navigate-my grandson loves it-easy start up-would have liked it to arrive a little quicker than it didbut definitely a good buy-

I love the Samsung Strive but you guys sent me a defective one which ! returned. The sad thing about it is that I purchased it with the sole intention of transferring my pictures and videos from the old samsung strive to the new one. AT&T; assisted me with this undertaking.What happened was that because the phone had a defect, years and years worth of pictures and videos were lost. I have not been able to retrieve them at all. I am so broken hearted over this because they were pictures and videos I had intended to put on a DVD for the sake of preserving history. Now they are gone and my phone is gone. But I love the Samsung Strive more than anyother phone I have ever used. Would love to have another one. Amazon should replace my phone free of charge, for sending me a defective phone and for it losing my precious photo and video treasures. They are irreplaceable...In addition, the phone you sent was supposed to be new, at least that is what I was told over the phone but when I received it, it clearly stated on the box that it had been refurbishedApparently, the quality control inspector missed this one!!!! Does Amazon HAVE a Quality Control Inspector? All I know is that this was my very first order with Amazon but now am reluctant to order anything else and I really need that SAMSUNG STRIVEOne that is not defective. The Samsung Strive is the phone I know and am the most comfortable with. I have a disability and this phone works best for me. I have tried other phones but nothing compares to the Samsung Strive. Please send me another one. But please have someone check it out before you send it to make sure IT isn't defective too. Do the "RIGHT" thing and foot the bill it is only fair. I'm lost without that phone...There are other products I want to order but again, am hesitant. You do right by me on this and I may reconsider.Thank you,Sheryl A. SaltsmanP.S.Thank you very much. ! do not wish to be a celebrity ANYTHING!!!! I just want a phone. THAT WORKS RIGHT!!!!

I ordered and paid for a Touchscreen cell phone, when it arrived it was NOT a Touchscreen. Took it to the local AT&T store and they said it was NOT a touchscreen cell phone. This is false Advertisement and I want my money back.

phone not working. phone not turning on. seems to be an internal problem. phone has been resent to amazon. hoping it reach it time that my money will be replaced on my credit card, never ever got to used this phone once. feel real disappoined

The phone was said to be new...the phone had photos of a prior owner and phone numbers stored on the phone. The battery did not hold a charge. The phone is in my drawer as it couldn't be used. I've owned the same model phone before, its not the model of phone but rather the item.

Don't buy this product.  It doesn't work.  Can't hold charge and basically useless. Sent it oversea and they had to throw it away.

I have been using this phone model for 3 years. I dropped it in water and it still worked, after using a hair dryer on it. After 3 years, the ear speaker died so I had to replace it. That kind of break is rear on all phones.

This one never worked I still have it in its packaging but it would charge or even turn on at all
