
PrefaceBeen w/TMO for 9 years, had Blackberry for most. Thought would try Verizon thinking would get better coverage in rural areas, came right back to TMO because of call quality. With two of VZ's latest phones - the Thunderbolt and Charge, sound was thin, tinny, even crackly. Checked out next to my TMO BB, night and day - TMO was clear, absolutely clear.That said, I've shopped to beat the band for phones - checked 'em all out, and this one's the best.Pros* Mass - it's thin, lightweight, not too wide or long, just feels real good in the hand* Call Quality - sound is very good, albeit not quite as good as my BB was* Speed - blazingly fast. Now, any 4g phone you get is going to be fast, but this one with its dual-core processor would have to be a winner, especially when multi-tasking* Interface - smart, intuitive, nice little features, I just really like SenseCons* Just one so far - when scrolling thru Internet search results, if pause too long, it scrolls itself back to the top, so I have to fight with it.

My review is quick and to the point since everybody else explained it better.  I am really pleased with the phone.  It is a huge upgrade over my T-mobile Mytouch.  The battery life on this phone is surprisingly longer that the Mytouch and much faster.I just wanted to say that my only gripe with this phone is the speaker sucks and so does the vibrate function.  Listening to music, watching netflix, or watching youtube through the external speaker sucks.  You can barely hear anything.  Not only that sometimes I don't hear a phone call or text message. I keep my phone on vibrate at work, and half the time I never feel the phone vibrate against my leg when I get a text or call.  It gets rather annoying sometimes.  Other than those few complaints it's a great phone.

I really wanted to shift from Iphone to Android so purchased a Sensation.  Worked great for about a month and a half and then several critical buttons stopped functioning.  Amazon disavowed all ownership and I had to deal with HTC directly.  Getting it repaired is proving a huge hassle.  Have to pay to ship it to their returns center, pay for its return, and then wait 6 - 10 days with no replacement.  I won't order a HTC phone again and as much as it pains me, I won't order from AmazonWireless.  I love Amazon but their WireLess service offers zero value-add.  Prices really aren't any different and for any type of support I get direct to the carriers or manufacturer.

This phone has the best combination of performance, features, quality, capability, aesthetics, and price on the market right now.  And forget about the bulkiness of other large screen phones, it has an excellent ergonomic design. No buyers remorse here!

My advice is don't get it unless you get extra batteries (like AnkersAnker 1900mAh Li-ion Battery For HTC Sensation, Sensation XE,Sensation 4G, EVO 3D, Mytouch 4G Slide, Amaze 4G - White) and condition them properly (see bottom of review). I replaced my very old razor as I was waiting for the best phone of the moment to be out and get some feedback back from users on functionality and reliability. I had the HTC Sensation 4G for about 3 to 4 months and wrote rave reviews--I loved it. I watched YouTube videos, emailed, surfed the web, listened to Science Fridays and enjoyed lots of apps.After a year of owning it I have a quite different story to tell (but now see update at bottom too). After you download all the apps that you want and fill the phone with texting, videos, etc., it started to wig out (but it was a simple battery problem in my case). Now that I use all the features the phone overheats, seriously lags, shuts off at random, restarts at random, drops WIFI calls when I am standing next to the wireless router. It even turned itself back on in a movie theater while I was watching a film and took a call (is it the poor on/off button location? Can it really be pressed to turn on in my pocket???) and it has done that more than once (OK, lots of times). I keep the phone in my front pocket and it has never been dropped or been near any water so I can't explain the behavior. When I pull it out of my pocket sometimes it is on when it should be off and other times it is off when I thought it was on. I've noticed that it does like to turn itself off during power changes. For example, I have 40%-50% battery left and I dial a number, as soon as it start to connect it shuts off or reboots. It did that with a text message as well. The WIFI was on once and off at other times (WIFI is a huge power sucker and the 2 new Anker 1900mAh batteries and extra charger cured all of these problems).Right now the worst problem is the shutdown/reboot issue (cured by new batteries). After a couple hours of use, my Sensation has a nasty habit of turning itself off every 10-20 minutes. Sometimes it gets stuck in a loop and the only way I can keep it running is to plug it in and charge it (and it has plenty of juice left in the defective battery according to the battery saver application). I've tried pulling the battery (I'm really good at getting it out of the case in seconds now), restarts, turn off everything (make sure WIFI, GPS and Bluetooth is off), shut down all apps, letting it cool down and the only fix is to plug it into a charger. I've read on the forums that having extra Anker batteries around are a good work around (boy was he right, thanks again gramps!) so I'll look into those as everyone that sends their phones back get the same thing back or worse (I stuck with the devil I knew and the new batteries fixed it).Brand new, out of the box it has a poor speaker-phone, lousy battery life and is very picky about signal strength (poor call quality when not using headset as I can't hear people without jamming it into my ear, and it drops lots of calls). The keyboard is almost impossible to use in vertical mode and it has a new bug in the new Ice Cream update that does not allow the screen to rotate to horizontal without a restart. I don't have any experience with Samsung but I'd like to try anything else at this point(see update below)...++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++UPDATEOn the T-Mobile forums I found many that had the exact same problems as I did. They have a bunch of troubleshooting steps and one guy recommended getting the Anker battery set (2 batteries plus a charger for about $30) and I did. All my problems went away with the new Ankers! when i received the new batteries it stated that they had to be broken in with 4-5 charges to 100% and then use the HTC until dead (as close to 0% as possible) and then charge up to 100% again without interruption. I am still doing this right now by taking one battery charged to 100% and then putting depleted spare in the charger (after about 4 hours it is fully charged) until it is back to 100% then I stick it is a plastic (non-conductive) bag and keep it in my pocket until I need it.I must have ruined the original battery and it took about 3 or 4 months to start acting goofy and making the phone unusable. I now have 100% of the function back without any real problems. All the freezing, reboots and shutdowns (at full charge), rapid power consumption, etc have stopped and the phone is totally great again. I wish that HTC would put a warning about battery problems on the box. I have to believe that this is a random thing with "bad" batches of batteries because many on the forums never had any of my problems.In my case the batteries made all the difference! Beware of breaking them in properly...also the Ankers at 1900mAh (Anker 1900mAh Li-ion Battery For HTC Sensation, Sensation XE,Sensation 4G, EVO 3D, Mytouch 4G Slide, Amaze 4G - White)last alot longer and make the phone even better than new! So it begs the question: Why don't they ship it with the 1900mAh batteries?

I bought the HTC Sensation 4G for T-mobile used off another website just before Christmas and then activated it on Straight Talk's new bring your own phone program. I had a LG Optimus Q originally, both are Android phones and I liked both, but the HTC is definitely a upgrade! Feel free to ask questions about the carrier I use but this review will be on just the phone, which could be purchased or activated on any carrier.Pros:CAMERA - It comes with a 8mp rear facing camera and a smaller front facing camera allowing for face-time with my iPhone friends. The Optimus had the standard 3mp camera, which took really crappy pictures in-doors, but the HTC has a flash and automatic settings, I have yet to take a bad picture or one that is hard to see the details in!  That alone is worth every penny and I LOVE IT!BROWSER - Though my Optimus worked well, it was slow and I often took longer to find things on the internet than just calling 411 would have taken. The HTC has a much faster browser, and I find myself using it quite often over 411. Facebook, CraigsList, and my mail are much easier to use also and I notice I spend more time checking them on my phone than I did before.DURABILITY - The overall case seems more durable, the back doesn't just pull off and it connects to the power and camera button in a way that keeps them locked together. No worry the phone will drop and the back and battery will come flying off. (Dropping is not recommended)APPS - There are far more apps, the phone holds more apps, and the screen provides for interactive apps, something we didn't have before. The weather shows up in real time as a moving picture under the phone's clock (clouds that move if it's windy outside, sun rays that shine brighter, rain that falls). Is it imperative - no - but it's fun and I can see what's happening without flipping through apps.GPS - from the weather app to the driving app, the GPS always automatically updates where I am without me having to do so. I know when driving GPS follows a route - but I'm talking about knowing where you are right this second even if you aren't following driving directions. I drove from one town to the next and the weather updated to each town as I got there. So did the local news...it's a nice feature.4G - having gone from 2 or 3G service to 4G is amazing. Even though we use Straight Talk prepaid, which is not 4G, because we use T-Mobile's 4G phone we get to use their 4G service where available.  This may not be true if you aren't using a company that has 4G, but both T-mobile and subsequently T-Mobile phones on Straight Talk do...an amazing upgrade!GSM/CDMA technology - The phone can use one or both. We use a service that utilizes GSM but it can also work on a CDMA service contractor...which means you can take the phone anywhere, even if you switch company's from T-Mobile or AT&T; to Verizon (f the phone is unlocked, $14.99 to do so online).MOBILE HOT SPOT: The phone can be used as a mobile hot spot. I haven't yet, as I haven't had any place to take my laptop that doesn't have open wi-fi, but it's nice to know I can. Something my previous phone could not do! I don't know about data usage or strength of connectivity if you do use it that way, but it's an option.Cons:There is really only one con so far...SOUND: The Optimus did have great sound, from the mp3 player to speaker phone...something the HTC seems to lack. My son has the exact same phone, purchased from a different seller, and he experiences the same issue. The sound quality isn't bad, but it's not great either. We both feel like it could be louder and of better quality. This is why the phone received four instead of five stars. He listens to music a lot and I spend a great deal of time on long distance calls, neither of which are as nice as our previous phones, but not bad enough that we are upset about it, just enough we are a bit disappointed. Investing in quality headphones helped only slightly, but more because of the volume and less because of improved quality.COST isn't a con for me because I bought both of ours used for about $145, but the new price tag is outrageous. We don't want to be tethered to a contract so we prefer to buy our phones outright. If it had not been for months of searching and watching sites like Ebay or Craigslist we would not have been able to afford the phone. I do not think any of the features are worth a $400-$500 price tag, so if you are buying new without a contract I might suggest you just spend the money on an iPhone (my daughter has one and they are neat, also not worth spending so much money but she loves it and I decided we had to upgrade our phones after jealously watching her enjoy the features of the iPhone 4S)Other info:Buying accessories was easy. I got an awesome phone case/wallet off of Ebay for a few dollars and a phone case for my son. We also were easily able to find compatible microSD cards to upgrade from the 4GB it comes with to 32GB and car/home chargers. It's always a good sign when they still make accessories and they're under $10!Battery life...This isn't a con but I can't say if it's a plus. I bought the phones used so they had plenty of abuse before me...I also spend a great deal of time on it. I have to charge the battery at least once a day, sometimes twice depending on phone usage and downloads. But if I don't use it, the battery can last 24-48 hours. It's definitely better than the Optimus battery... but again I'm not sure I feel like it's a great battery. My son's phone does seem to last him longer each stretch, but I still find myself frustrated that he doesn't answer because his battery died towards the end of the day...but don't take that as a definite because he uses his phone to play Pandora all day, which ia a battery sucking app. My previous phone also told me how much battery life I had while it was charging and when it finished charging, the HTC doesn't do that.Overall my son and I are both very happy. He's a teenager and has yet to complain or talk about a "better" phone he wants after sucking me dry purchasing the last one. That is always a good sign! I still have the old phone and would never go back, I also have no desire to look at other phones, though I do wish the sound quality was better :(

I have tried them all personally. Every generation of the iPhone, all the top androids and even Windows phones for some reason. All I got to say is hands down this phone tops them all. I'm not t he biggest fan of T-Mobiles network, of course Sprint will always have the actual best nation wide service. But this is about the phone. I've had it for a little over a week now and couldn't be happier. My one and only complaint is there is no shortcut button on the side of the phone, which I usually use for the camera, so the only way to take pictures is with the button on the screen, a slight inconvenience but definitely not a deal breaker. Also, something I discovered the other day, the netflix app where you can watch you're actual instant que is not available for this yet, only the g2, which my gf has, and I believe the evo only for right now. I'm just really jealous of my gfs phone for that only reason.

I have had this phone a week and have to say that I am disappointed for the following reasons:[1] Phone speakers are too weak. I am constantly saying, "what", "can you repeat that", etc. When I am in the car it is even worse, the road noice really makes it difficult to hear what someone is saying. For this reason alone I am thinking about returning this phone.[2] The phone is 4G, but about 50% of the time is running in 2G. I have called T-moblie, but it keeps happening. This might not be the phone, but rather just T-Mobile but whichever, it is frustrating.[3] I regularly get error messages, for example the most recent was "rosie utility has stopped unexpectly, contact HTC". Numerous others keep popping up. Again, I am not sure if all of them are due to the phone or T-Mobile.I have not even come close to using everything the phone will do so my review is not based on everything. However, I am getting to the point that I don't know if I want to invest any more time in it if I am going to return it.Of the above issues the poor speakers are the most infuriating. I can't imagine such a high end phone being equipped with such lousy sound.

I've been waiting for weeks for this phone, but I am so disappointed, it will be going back.Pros: Sense 3.0Gorgeous displayTakes great photos and videoCons: Battery life is bad, lucky to get through 1 day of moderate use.Reception is bad, drops to 2g often, or no signal at all.Calls go directly to voicemail sometimes, phone won't ring.4g is slow, download speed average 1.2mb upload .75mbCall quality is poor, callers say I sound muffled, although theysound clear to me.Notification light blinks whenever it wants to, but there are nomessages, WTF!Very laggy for a 1.2ghz processor, just not fluid at all.Can't watch videos without it buffering every 30 seconds, unacceptable!This is a 4G phone, but it feels like a 3g phone, I was swayed by all the editors reviews and hype.I really wanted to like this phone, switched from Verizon, Droid X for this, what a mistake.Don't know what I'm gonna do now.Update June 27th: Went through 2 of these phones, same story.Better functioning phones on T-Mobile than this.I have owned 6 smartphones, this has been the worst P.O.S of the lot.And for all of you that are trashing my review, go get one of these, and you  will see.

The HTC Sensation works better as a mini tablet device then as a phone. In fact as a phone it is pretty mediocre. The speakerphone on the Sensation absolutely sucks and is nearly worthless. HTC apparently has decided it can use chintzy speakers and mics on their phones since they are not "marketable" specs. If you like to use your speaker phone for calls you will be very disappointed. At max volume, in a pitch quite room, you can hear the speaker phones tiny sound. If there is any background noise, forget it. I'd like to point out for comparison, my several years old push to talk Motorola flip phone, had a great speakerphone and excellent call quality.The ear piece and mic are not very good either. That means even if you have good reception through T-mobile in your area, this super phone is still not great for phone calls. Quite disappointing as this is the devices primary function, not a tack on feature. Adding insult to injury, the largest external button on the phone is the volume rocker. You will always keep the volume maxed out do to the poor speakers. Lowering the volume any is essentially a mute, making the huge rocker button pointless.Other then the headphones jack, which you will definitely want to use on this phone for music or videos, the only other port is an mhl, which you will use for charging. Now I bought the $30 HTC branded adapter, to use mirroring on my TV or monitor as I read in numerous places this phone supported that. It doesn't work. I called HTC, they collect your info, and then tell you none of their phones support mirroring, which is the opposite of what I have read everywhere. HTC support tells me only my pics, vids and you-tube are supported for mirroring. But those don't work either. So after a few pointless exercises that don't fix anything I'm told there's nothing else they can do and I'm asked if they can help with anything else. Its a pet peeve of mine when customer service people ask that like they have already helped you with something, when they just failed.I don't mind the size, but the phone is heavy and will drop like a rock in your pocket. You will feel it. Its tapered to a slant on the sides, making the ends more slender, and also more difficult to hold. The back feels like aluminum, not soft touch or plastic. It has a good 4.3in QHD gorilla glass screen. There is no kickstand. The phone is slippery and you will drop it. Don't buy it if you are clumsy. Overall, though I look the look and feel of the phone. Its feels durable and well crafted and is an attractive device with a great screen.Its supports 1080p video playing and recording, and takes 8mp pics with a dual led flash. The camera and camcorder is a high point of this device and is pretty good in both respects for a phone. But again the tapered slender edges along with the heft, make the phone a little tricky to hold and operate. There are no external camera buttons, so you need to rely on the touch screen. If you are taking multiple photos or lengthy vids, it can become easy to accidentally hit other on screen buttons, changing settings or even exiting out of the camera mode.Battery life is mediocre to poor. With moderate use the phone will last you the day and then need a charge. But even on a full battery, play angry birds, make a long call, use the internet, take a video, or really any intensive feature, and the phone will be needing a charge in about 2-3 hours.Blue-tooth 3.0 is supported by this phone. It connected fine and works well with my Panasonic cordless phones, my Toyota car audio, my Brother fax machine and my my Motorola S305 headphones. Though they paired with my older cell phone, for unknown reason the Sensation would not recognize or pair with my J win blue-tooth and Tenga blue-tooth headphones.Wifi connection is great with my Netgear router and I get my best data speeds on the Sensation through wifi, around 15,000kbps download. Unfortunately T-mobile despite what its online maps show, does not have good data connection in my county. While phones calls and texting are never an issue, at home, I get 2g or even just g. Any kind of internet is impossible, it will time out before anything downloads. Speeds are around 75-110kbps for downloads. There doesn't seem to be any 3g on this phone. In some surrounding counties, I can get 4g with varying download speeds of around 2100-4800kbps. On a side note I couldn't get internet at all when I first got the phone, and almost sent it back. Even though I had ordered and paid for the unlimited data plan, T-mobile told me data wasn't activated and I had to call in to do it. The T-mobile rep and her coworkers were loud, unprofessional and sounded like there was a ghetto house party going on in the back ground. The rep I was talking to, had to mute my call more then once because the background yelling and laughing got so loud.Overall, the Sensation is a good device. Its great for playing games, taking pics or vids, watching vids, and listening to music provided you use headphones. It is faster and smoother then most phones though does have some occasional lag. It's good for surfing the net, provided you have a good wifi or 4g connection, otherwise don't bother. Check with somebody that has a T-mobile phone to make sure data connections are good where you will be using it, as their online maps are misleading. Also shop around before you buy, as the phone can already be had for well under $199.

I got my wife this phone and months later she has demanded another phone after dealing with the constant problems. The Phone will reboot after being idle, has the worst battery life, and every time you turn around something is force closing or stopping. The issues just almost mad her throw it out the window of our car into the river.She has said she wants no more android phones since this isn't the first one with problems like that. So we now have migrated to windows phone 7 as it was like night and day to her. We don't try to stuff a phone with apps and after a while you don't use have the apps on a phone hardly any. So for us we don't listen to this one has this many apps as most or useless anyway.So be warned everyone the latest apps and how much it can be customized means nothing is a phone can do the simple task of being a phone first.Update:You know what bugs us the most is that phones that could be updated get left behind very quickly each time a new Android OS comes out.

Lots of cool apps for this phone - wonderful! seamless integration with youtube. Also many applications that will let me rent movies that can be downloaded on a wi-fi network, to watch later when I have time.Oh, wait...battery only lasts 8 hours, and the phone spontaneously powers down when the battery is half drained. So I'm not going to be doing too much with those awesome apps. media volume as well as ringer volume is extremely low. I don't hear it ring, I don't feel it vibrate, even with the volume turned all the way up. Miss a lot of important calls that way.I carry around 2 batteries at all times, because I often have to replace the battery in places where charging is just not possible. I also try to carry the phone close to my chest so I'll hear it when it rings. forget about enjoying music or movies on the subway platform  or in any noisy area.  Sound is just not going to be audible.

Super fast, never any issues!  I have had many phones apple, android, and Window phone 7.  This phone beats them all!

I have to start by saying this phone is not perfect. No smartphone is perfect. Every phone has problems and issues. It just depends which problems you can deal with or over ride or some how change. Also do the pros greatly outweigh the cons? In my case with this phone the pros greatly outweighed the cons.For me there were a few things that really stood out about this phone from the rest of the androids at the time of my purchase which was about 3 months ago. I decided to give the galaxy s2 a shot first before the sensation just to see what all the hype was about. It did have a great screen. But after a while I realized how bad text looked on it when reading. I also didnt like that it didnt have led notifications, a dedicated search button. The power button was on the side. Which I thought I would get used to but I didnt. And one of the main things was it just felt too big in the hands. Too wide, thin and plasticy. It kept falling out my hands. Im sure not everyone had this problem especially those with larger hands then mine. The sensation just felt right in my hands the curves the shape its very ergonomic. Yes the s2 has more ram, better battery life, better camera and comes with more media and app storage. But the sensation has higher res screen, sense ui, the camera is pretty nice not probably as nice as the s2. Media storage can be solved by getting a bigger memory card which I did. The 1gb of app memory on the sensation is plenty for me. I have about 120 apps on mine including about 10 games and still have half of the memory left. The battery life could be better which seems to be an issue with all htc phones. Htc is the worst in battery life out of all the android phones. Mainly because of the sense ui, the small batteries they put in their phones and the stock htc batteries seem to get hot a lot quicker than most other batteries. A quick fix here for me was to get the anker 1900mAh battery for my sensation. In addition I have also rooted my phone. Ive installed ARHD 3.6.5 custom rom with the 1.4r1 brick kernel. I have greatly increased my battery life by doing all this. With light usage I can achieve close to 40 hours. With medium usage its closer to about 16 hours. Continuous talk time is about 8 hours for me. I really love the sense ui as I had the desire before my sensation. I love how the lock screen allows you to setup 4 apps for shortcuts so that you dont have to unlock the screen to open these apps. There are some things I dont like about sense but for the most part its a pleasant experience. I didnt enjoy the touch wiz experience on the s2 at all. I found it very bland and un useful. In the end its all up to you if you wanna use another launcher like launcher pro or you want to install a completely different custom rom thats the beauty of android. You should definitely rooot this phone to unlock its full potential or else your seriously missing out. Dont worry about voiding the warranty you can always unroot it for warranty purposes. There are many guides and videos online to help you do so.On to my 2 major cons about the senstiaon. Firstly is the battery door. I tried 3 different sensations and they all had the same issues. The battery door does creak and the screen makes a clicking sound after the first time you open your battery door. It was very annoying to me at first. All my previous smartphones have had similar issues. My blackberry bold 9000 did it on all 3 models I had. Most people just put a folded business card in the back to make it tighter. Also my desire had it. I was able to solve the problem by getting a hard shell case. In this case with the sensation the battery door is made differently. It makes up 1/3 of the phone. I read people had all sorts of fixes in the forums. In my case I used a few pieces of small double sidded tape. That has solved the problem for me.My last issue has been with the "gorrilla glass". Although my desire had gorilla glass and I hardly has screen protector on it and I wasnt very careful with it it never got scratched. After owning the sensation for just 2 weeks the screen got scratched. So much so that I could see it when the screen was on and especially in the screens with white in the background. I was very disappointed with the "gorilla glass". I googled and found many other people have had the same issue with the sensation. So be careful with it and get a good screen protector right away for it. I got a ghost armor for mine after the fact and it was able to hide most of the scratch. I really dont know how the screen was scratched so easily in such a short amount of time. I have a dedicated pocket for my phone where I dont put anything else in it. Ive been told by others that the "gorilla glass" that was put on the senstaion is not as strong as it is on other phones like the s2.I have also heard complaints on forums that the dust seems to be getting under the screen some how. I really dont know much about this and I dont seem to have this issue. I guess it depends on your usage and also what case your using.What I would change about the sensation:battery door that doesnt creakless scratch pron screenmore ram (1gb)Overall I am happy with this phone. I still think its the nicest looking htc so far. There are some great htc phones coming out like the ville and edge but the sensation will always be my favorite. Other than the issues with the screen and battery door (which I solved) its a great phone. All my issues I had with it or things I didnt like about it I was able to change or make better. Where as with the s2 there were a lot of things I just couldn't change. HTC will always be a innovator in my mind for android phones. Constantly changing the game and making the phone easier to use and more functional. What will they think of next?April 2012 update:  I recently updated my phone to ice cream sandwich. It has made my phone much better and easier to use. It's faster, has more features, better battery life and easier to use now. I have to add that my carrier hasnot updated yet. I just flashed android hd revolutions latest ice cream sandwich rom for my phone. I also have the newest brick kernel and leedroid tweaks all of which make my phone much better. Htc has only updated sensation owners with sense 3.6 and not sense 4.0 which is not surprising. Htc has done this the past many times before. They obviously want us to buy their latest phones which have sense 4.0 installed. They claim the sensation cannot run sense 4.0. Which ofcourse is just an excuse and is not accurate at all. There are many sense 4.0 custom roms available on xda at this time. Htc has said they may release another update for thr sensation that will have a toned down version of sense 4.0. I don't know if that will happen. Also htc has come out with new "one" line of phones.  The phones look great and are much improved.  Except for the fact that they don't come with removable batteries or upgradable memory cards. These are features that many people will really miss. One of the main reasons I got an android phone vs an iPhone was the lack of removable batteries and memory cards. Also the new phones have really small batteries. This makes the sensation even more desirable, also it's variety of customs roms available.  The sensation is still very solid smart phone with very modern and up to date features and specs. Especially since the price has gone down even more.

I am so disappointed in this phone I feel the urge to post a review for the first time.So this phone is a "monster" as most reviewers say. It has many great features. But the battery life is so poor it negates all the pros for me. It is supposed to be a MOBILE phone, right? Where is the mobility if the phone has to be connected to a charger half the time? I am unplugging the phone from the charger in the morning, and by 2PM the battery indicator turns to yellow (yes i DID install the juicedefender). I am not exaggerating, i have not yet managed to use this phone one full day and this is when the battery is brand new. I am using it heavily for browsing and apps and one can argue use frequency causes the battery to drain faster, but what good are all the features if I have to refrain from using them to save battery life? And I am not even talking on the phone for more than 15-20 minutes.REgarding the issues other than the battery, as a blackberry convert after 8 years, I must say I am very disappointed with some of the features in Android. If you're using something other than gmail, like a POP email service, there is no way to filter spam email, so you have to sort through your email from hundreds of spam messages. The google search on the home screen does not properly search in your contacts, songs etc which even the blackberry can do in the latest OS.To sum up: Don't buy this phone if you have to roam around without access to a power outlet for more than 6 hours.

Recently I jumped off the Blackberry bandwagon and joined the Android clans.  I was a diehard fan of BB for 10 YEARS my friends so believe me when i tell you that it was a VERY DIFFICULT decision to make.  I did so because i can see that the touch-screen was the way of the future and I better join the program before it's too late and also I was getting annoyed at all the fabulous apps that was avail to the iphone and android phone  as compared to the laughable craps avail to BB.  Additionally, I was not happy that BB continue to lag way way behind when it comes ot web browsing & etc.  So I switched...My 2 choices of phone are the Samsung Galaxy Galaxy S or the HTC Sensation.  While I liked both, I found that the HTC Sensation touchpad keyboard was slightly easier to become accustomed to than the Galaxy.  The Galaxy touchpad was very very sensitive.  I've had my htc for about a week now and i am still trying to get use to typing on it but i have gotten alot better...especially after I recalibrated the touchpad.  I am confident that i will be able to get upto the typing speed that i had with the BB qwerty board. The other GREAT FEATURE about this phone is the speech to text..it is SUPRISING ACCURATE! and this feature is available for everyihign. Web search, text message, email, and etc. I have used it to send text msg and email and it works GREAT..very accurate.  If you are a BB user and you are considering this phone, you will be very happy with EVERYTHING about this phone  subject to you can get use to the touchpad).  The 2 FLAWS that i mentioned that may send you on your way are:a. THE BATTERY SUCKS BIG TIME.  I do not watch youtube movies or any kind of movies nor do i use it to listen to music. I only use it to check facebook, web browser, email, and phone.  I was playing on it between facebook and web browsing and the battery lasted maybe 5-6 hours. Now, I'm afraid to play on it too much coz it will drain the battery. Also, i have 6 emaill account programed and when i spoke with htc support tech, they told me that all those email accts is draining my battery because everytime it syncs with the server to check for new message  which i had it programed for every 15 min), it would drain my battery. So the tech sugg that I auto syc only the most important email acct and leave the other non importnat on "manual sync".  Also, the tech sugg (in order to conserve battery) that i always turnOFF the WIFI and the GPS and only turn on manually when i need to use it.  So, all the APPS and web fucton of this phone is great but you will give up lots of battery time for it.b. THE SPEAKERPHONE SUCKS BIG TIME.  I hate to wear earpieces so when I'm in the car, I use the speakerphone. Well, the speakerphone on this phone SUCKS.  It is so low that even if you are by yourself, with the radio turned off inside the car, you may still have trouble hearing the other person. A quick google on this issue will produce you many unhappy campers. I tested 100% on my hearing at last physical and i have trouble hearing the speakero phone. So if you are even the slightest, minutest hard of hearng, then you better save yourself the frustration and find another phone!  I also called the HTC tech about this. apparenly the "ENGINEERS ARE AWARE OF THE PROBLEMS AND WORKING ON A FIX"....So aside from point a and b, the phone is magnificent!

Bought this phone, HTC Sensation 4G, to use on T-Mobile network. This combo went over as well as pure grain alcohol and sleeping pills. Although the phone has nice functions its weak reception on a weak (T-mobile) network makes tin cans and string desirable. Sound quality on this phone and the sound quality on the receiving end is tinny. Oh well, another expensive lesson at the school of hard knocks.

Let me start this review by stating one thing first : This is an EXCELLENT "SMART"Phone.This phone is a pure joy to hold it in your hand. The Build quality is top-notch and the back of the phone feels rich and stylish.The front is full Gorilla glass - top grade.Due to it's smart design, this does not feel big, its just the perfect size for a smartphone and fits perfectly in the front shirt pocket.The screen is absolutely breathtaking and gorgeous. I have compared this with the Samsung Galaxy S 4G screen, and my personal opinion is that this blows Galaxy S out of the water.Okay, that takes care of the look and feel of the phone.Lets get right down to the actual review.I bought this phone on 22nd June and have been using it extensively for the past 5 days.Voice Quality :The biggest drawback of this phone is it's Voice quality.The in-call voice quality is not up to the standard of a Blackberry.The in call speakers have a buzz/rattle/crackle and this is very very annoying, specially since I have grown accustomed to the excellent voice quality of a Blackberry.I have done extensive research on the web about this issue, and this issue exists with all Sensation phones, other people are also complaining about this.Th equality is just average to passable, and this is something that I don't expect from a high quality smartphone like this.Very dissatisfied by this.Speakerphone Quality :The speakers are really really weak. Whenever someone is on speakerphone, they sound very tinny.And this issue is when using the speakerphone for calls.Again I am comparing the speakerphone to my previous Blackberry. They were excellent, and the Sensation speakers for voice calls are just not up to the mark.Again did some research on the web and this seems to be the issue with all HTC phones.This is very unfortunate that HTC did not care to improve upon this feature for such a high end phone.The good thing is, the speakerphone is good when listening to media, like music and movies.So it's very surprising that media sounds good on this speaker whereas voice calls are very very bad on the same speaker.Lag Issues :Even though this phone is a beast as far as specs are concerned, I can still feel some lag on some applications and web browsing - it is smooth, but still stutters a bit. I can actually see the web browsing and scrolling struggling bit and this becomes annoying pretty quickly.I just feel that this is a software issue and is fixable with a fix from HTC.It just feels that such a beast of a hardware is held back by the software.Dissapointed a bit by this.Camera Quality :Excellent 8 mp Camera with dual led flashlights.The outdoor pictures are crisp and clear and I think this is the best smartphone camera that you can get.Though the software sometimes makes some portions of the picture a bit soft, still this is an excellent camera.Video recording at full 1080p stutters a bit, but 720 p video is smooth and of great quality.No complaints here at all.Web Browsing :Apart from the lag issue mentioned above, web browsing is a joy and gives a very satisfying experience overall.It feels you have a small laptop in your hand.Email and Calendar integration :Email and Calendar integration is excellent. You can have pop3, yahoo, gmail, live etc all integrated in the email app.The exchange calender integration is also top notch, no issues here.To wrap this up, this is an excellent smartphone if all you want to do is web and the smart stuffs.If you want to use this heavily as an actual phone for voice calls, you might be a bit dissapointed. Thats jus my personal opinion, many people will be just fine with the voice quality, I am not.Thanks for reading this review and may god bless you all.Comments always welcome.Thanks,Sujoy

I've had my HTC Sensation (T-Mobile) for a week now and I just love it. I upgraded from a myTouch3G, which rocked my world when I first bought it but which had become very frustratingly slow and confused and easily overburdened. Not this phone, holy cow! I've tried to stress this phone and I can't. The data transmission rate and the dual-core processor are both incredibly fast. The display is beautiful. Sound quality is great.Let me tell you the things I don't like, although believe me, I'll live with them.I don't like that the USB port is on the side of the phone, and on the left side in particular. I prefer it at the top or bottom. It's hard to hold the phone in your left hand with the cable attached to the port.The cable that came with the phone is ridiculously short.I'm not thrilled with the lock button feature. If the screen goes dark, in order to activate the phone you have to press the lock button on the top of the phone and then swipe a ring that appears on the display at the bottom of the phone. When the myTouch went to sleep, you could wake it up with two taps of the menu button.I'm unimpressed with the battery life, but that may be simply because I can't put down the phone. LOL  I'm on the Amazon site now to order a spare battery.It's a beautiful phone, you're going to love it.

Great phone, fast connection, useful apps.  Battery life is AWFUL.  I use it for GPS en route to work (8:00am)- connected to power and some light email browsing during the day.  Battery is yellow by the time I leave at 5pm.  So that's the first thing that makes me not give it 5 stars.The second thing is a T-Mobile issue: after paying full price for it ($500), I now see where others can buy it for $200.  I'm on a 2 year contract!  Not cool.

First off, this is a running review. No list of pros and cons. Secondly, I use my phone for my personal life. I'm out of the home a lot and rarely have time to park it in front of the computer. I wanted something that could seriously multitask. This is it.It was time for an upgrade and I'm very happy with my T-mobile service, so I decided to shop around for a touch screen phone on their service that measured up to the iphone. After shopping around and reading reviews I also took into consideration what Consumer Reports' Shop Smart had to say (which was a great review of the Sensation). I also wanted something to play music and videos. And my major requirements were a GOOD camera and 4G service on a fast processor. I upgraded to the HTC Sensation from a Blackberry Curve 8520. To say that it was a major adjustment is a major understatement. Achem. Anyway.Fresh out of the box:Had it for 3 days now.I spent some time staring at the home screen, mainly because I didn't know what to do with the thing (the "manual" it comes with is a joke... you have to get a 200+ page manual from T-mobile's website to even begin to understand all the features). But also because of the Live wallpaper (moving background) and awesome weather animations.After awhile I figured out how to move from one screen to the next. Took me a little longer to figure out how to replace those screens, though. But the process is very simple. A big duh moment for me. I spent some time surfing through the Android Market's apps and widgets, which were impressive because a good amount of them are free.Using a touch screen over a physical keyboard will make you feel like the slowest, fattest person on the planet. I post regularly in forums so the feature that allows you to speak to type was a nice alternative to fat-fingers syndrome. Oh my and the speeds at which you can access webpages? Amazing. The processor and flash combination equals accessing webpages without needing mobiles sites. And I love the pinch to zoom feature. I feel so futuristic.I had an HTC before my Blackberry and that one got hot too. But geez. This thing goes over 100 just playing Angry Birds for 10 minutes. On that note, games seem to kill the battery. Playing videos and music for hours, ironically, doesn't seem to affect the temperature (or battery for that matter) too much. T-mobile TV is a nice feature that I might subscribe to: full episodes and live tv that streams in insanely fast speeds? Yes please.I also adore the camera. I was thinking of getting a new camera but today I took pictures at my son's T-ball game with the phone and the images look HD. The auto focus is a fascinating feature that ensures you get a good picture of what you actually want a picture of.I have yet to try to tether this phone to my laptop or use it as a hotspot, but I hear that works wonders too. My car, however, doesn't like this phone and the two won't recognize each other as Bluetooth devices. Car dealer says the phone is too advanced. Oh! Speaking of cars? Forget needing a GPS system. The phone does that for you. It's great! AND it gives a map and lat/long of where you take pictures!My only major complaints: The sound. I was expecting a replacement for my ipod, and this is not it. The sound is very tinny no matter what settings you have it on. And yes you can change the "Media Volume" for games and apps, but if you want to watch tv or movies (in other words, MEDIA) you need to use the awful included ear buds. I call them ear terrorists. They're painful and horrible. I'm also not a big fan of the fact that Google wants you to use a separate app for Gmail. The way the mail is done in general? Not a fan. Also, no auto-on and auto-off feature. I replaced my calendar with a downloaded one right away, too.Well I hope this review is helpful. I know a lot about computers, but I'm not a phone techie in the slightest and I hope this review helps those out there who are on the same wavelength as me!UPDATE: Well I've had it a couple weeks now. I still love it! The thing is able to be used as a Wi-Fi Hotspot which is insanely helpful for me (Wireless boxes just do not work with my home PC). The speed and service is great. I have never had a complaint with T-mobile.I heard a rumor that this phone had a death grip or something like the iphone. So far I have not had a single dropped call.With the help of tech support I managed to get my Gmail connected. Heck maybe they read my review and were concerned? Hmm?The fact that you can access multiple webpages has been great too; for instance I click on a link to a Borders coupon that I want to leave on the screen for when I get to the store but I want to Google something too. Easy as pie. It doesn't slow down the phone at all.That's another thing: I tax the heck out of my phones and this one just doesn't slow down. When it gets hot it occasionally freezes (and needs a manual reboot by way of battery removal), but that's about it. And still it seems to heat up more over games and large apps than music and movies.Pictures and Video are still turning out great, if not a little oversaturated. I'm picky because I do digital scrapbooking, but the pics turn out well enough that you could easily print an 8x10 or make a wallpaper of an image and never know the difference between the phone and an expensive camera unless you're a professional or hobbyist.I adore apps and widgets and the android market has a great supply of free ones. Plus the amazon app store offers a different free app (that's usually a pay app) every day, which is neat.So in conclusion? I would recommend this phone to everyone so long as you're willing to take the time to learn how to use it right.

I just upgraded from the HTC Touch Pro 2 to the HTC Sensation 4G and the difference is incredible.  Granted, the Touch Pro 2 was running Microsoft Windows Mobile 6.5 while the Sensation 4G is running Android 2.3 so it's not an apples to apples comparison but the features of the Sensation are all there.  Being able to record video in 1080p/High Definition is really nice and the rear camera and its 8 megapixels really takes nice pictures.  The only disappointing item I've found after using this phone for a day has been the speaker phone.  The sound isn't as loud or clear as the Touch Pro 2 but if you aren't using the speakerphone much, it's not a show stopper by any means.  I would highly recommend this phone.

I purchased this phone brand new through t-mobile. It worked great (even had free wifi hotspot capability until I upgraded from Gingerbread to Ice cream sandwich) for four months. That's when it started to develop a problem that this phone is known for.... screen freeze and uncommanded resets. It started off slowly, maybe once a day, but over a week's time, it was a 5 - 6 times per day thing. The phone would perform a restart on it's own. Very annoying.... especially in the middle of a call as I would have to wait for the phone to cycle back on before I could call the person back.t-mobile sent me a replacement which worked perfectly for about 12 hours, and then it began to do the same stuff...except worse. Currently working directly with HTC for a repair or replacement.I'd consider another model - HTC makes great phones but the Sensation is hit & miss.... not good if you're away from home on business.

I moved from using the iPhone 3g to the HTC Sensation 4G about 3 months ago.In summary, this phone is great - it's fast, the colors are awesome, camera quality is great for a phone. It's an awesome smartphone for sure! But there are some issues that are making me give it 3 and half stars.After playing around with it, I would definitely like to describe some of the issues that have annoyed me:1. The mute/speaker button gets clicked when I'm speaking (so the high sensitivity of the screen triggers the click from my cheek)! It drives me nuts and as I'm speaking, I have to do a lot of phone gymnastics to get the phone locked so that these buttons don't clicked. If there is a way around this - I'm not aware of it yet.2. The speaker volume is pretty low. Though in the normal mode, voice quality seems great.3. Sometimes, clicking the Home button actually clicks a screenshot! It's wacky; maybe I'm not aware if I'm clicking it along with something else that's making it a shortcut, but it's a little annoying.4. Lack of folders.5. I don't use Google as my personal email/calender. So there is no way to sync up my Yahoo calender. Exchange and Gmail calenders can only be synced. This is a very serious flaw in my opinion.That's it in brief. Yes, I would definitely recommend buying this phone, but I would also wish that some of the above issues are addressed.

I waited for this phone to come out for months.  When it finally released, I was so excited.  My first impressions met my expectations well. It is LIGHTNING FAST and just amazing. Get one!

I won't bother you with the things I dislike about this phone, but this I know.  40 days after I bought it, the screen went black and never came back.  I could hear calls and messages and texts coming in, but the screen was black and I could not use it.  The bottom right-hand corner became dangerously hot.  The entire device was a total fail after 40 days of light usage and not so much as one drop.I'd bought it at a retail T-Mobile shop. It was both under warranty and insured.  It was a $500 phone after all.  Yet, only 40 days in, when it FAILED, I could not get a replacement in retail.  I had to wait for a new unit to be shipped.  I am 36 hours into the loss of my business phone, and I sincerely doubt my replacement will show up tomorrow.  We'll see.I am a quality consultant in a manufacturing environment.  I know a FAILURE when I see it.  The HTC phone failed, and T-Mobile failed when they hid behind "the manufacturer" and would not replace my phone on the spot.Oh, and I should mention, I waited for 45 minutes for a store rep to get to me. Both were tied up on the phone trying to figure out earlier problems. Mine also took better than 30 minutes.  The store reps never acknowledged me or my wait time. All around bad experience with the HTC Sensation and T-Mobile.

The HTC Sensation is a awesome smartphone! I love mine! I have had no problems with it! It's fast, and incredibly easy to use the image quality is outstanding! This is the best phone I've ever owned and I've owned blackberries , androids, I phones, but this phone beats them all! There is so much you can do with this phone  and all ability are easy to learn ! I use my phone as a wireless router,I tether my device, sync with my computer and I learned to do these things with no problems! HTC makes it easily done! I love expandable memory,I' ve changed my card to a 16GB for more apps, yes most apps can be moved to the SD card freeing up phones memory. Video is simplily fabulous on this phone ! This phone is incredibly fast! I highly recommend this phone!you can personalize the seven home screens and make it truly your style! Can't say enough about good things!you must see for yourself,you will LOVE it!

I tried this phone for a few days and have switched to the Samsung Galaxy 4GMy main reasons for switching:Poor battery lifePoor phone/speaker qualityNot user friendly - no explanation of icons, widgets, apps and their functionsThe phone is large which is good for reading and viewing video but it feels unwieldy when making phone calls. I felt I was making a phone call on a tablet. Also, the sound quality is poor. Make a few phone calls and try the speaker phone before you buy it.Is not a user friendly phone. Does not come with a printed manual and you will need to call Tmobile and look up online forums to perform some very basic functions. HTC should offer free training classes with the phone.The battery life is worse than the Galaxy. Check the tests done by Consumer Reports. Consumer Reports has rated the Galaxy higher than the Sensation and there is good reason for this.Most reviews online seem to compare hardware specs...they seem to forget about software and usability by the consumer. And yes the Sensation is dual core, has a cool design and a larger screen but ...how easy is it to perform basic functions? Not very.

THIS PHONE DOES EVERYTHING FROM 8 MEGAPIXEL CAM TO REALLY GOOD INTERNET SPEEDS. WITH THE WIFI CALLING, I CAN BE ON THE PHONE AND THE INTERNET AT THE SAME TIME WITHOUT IT SLOWING DOWN AT ALL. ALSO WITH THE WIFI CALLING I HAVE YET TO DROP A CALL! THE BEST TMOBILE PHONE EVER.

I am over all happy with this phone. What is frustrating, which may be a common problem with all smart phones is that that large videos are impossible to transfer off the phone. I attempted to email a large video and transfer it by cable. No luck. The pictures came off it easy but not the videos, I called T-Mobil and was told to reduce the video quality in order to be able to transfer a video off the phone! That's no good! The short of it is you can take HD video on the phone but it can only be displayed on the phone! That fact was not advertised.

Edit June 5, 2012: The last time I did this review the phone screen was going out every now and again, promoting irritation. After a while this issue stopped. HTC and T-Mobile updated this device to Ice Cream Sandwich and it's a decent O.S. The reason why I say it's not a fantastic update is because T-Mobile made the horrid idea of deactivating the free tethering on the phone. When you utilize the built in tethering you are now prompted to purchase the tethering service from T-Mobile which costs $14.99 a month. I am quite annoyed about this because I use this feature a lot and has been an awesome addition to the device. Other than that one issue with it, it's fine. If you don't tether then don't worry about it, purchase and update. If you use tethering a lot you may want to stay away from the OTA Push and keep the prior O.S or root your phone and download the ROM, which keeps the tethering intact. I am overall satisfied with this phone and for the first time in a month and a half I am not looking for a new phone! I highly recommend and I have moved my review from a 2.5 to a 5!I purchased this phone from T-Mobile about a month ago. I was ecstatic about this device. I had been researching this phone for a while and really wanted it. My previous phone was the Samsung Sidekick 4G (don't get me started on that!). When I first got the phone I noticed that it was very nice. The internet was great, the call quality was clear on the ear piece and the speaker phone and the screen was decent. This was leagues over the Sidekick and the Samsung 4G, which preceeded the Sidekick. However, a month later all goes wrong.For some reason when the phone heats up a bit the screen stops responding. You cannot unlock the phone. When you finally get the phone unlocked part or most of the screen, including the buttons on the bottom of the phone (home, menu, back and search) will not work when pressed. Typing out a message is impossible if the phone lets you get that far because most of the letters will not register. This happened a few weeks ago and I ended up having to take the phone apart and leave the battery out of the device for 10 hours overnight and charge at work the next day. That seemed to have fixed the issue.So, this morning I wake up and send a few text messages and then get ready for work. By the time I got to the car my screen was not responding again. This was at 10 this morning. It is now 8 at night and the screen just came back on. This phone took my entire shift at work to fix itself. This is a major flaw on the device and it's more widespread than I thought. Just Google HTC Sensation phone screen issues and many pages should come up with customers complaining about this device. It's rather disappointing because outside of this seriously annoying flaw this phone is perfect, in my eyes. The O.S is about to be upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwich near the end of this month so we will see if that fixes the issue or jumps on the bandwagon of making things worse. I really would like to see an update released soon to fix this if it's a firmware issue and if it's a hardware issue I really think the selling of these devices should be stopped until they fix the issue and replace the devices they have already sold when they do.At this point, for the most part the phone works but when the screen issue kicks in it's a pain in the arse. If you can live with not being able to use your phone for a day when this sporadically happens then I say still get it and hope for an update or hope that you are one of the few fortunates who will not get this issue but if you use your phone for business purposes I would go in a different direction because I have heard issues where the phone will not answer because the ring on the screen will not move as well as the phone call not ending when it should because you cannot press the end button. I give this phone a 2.5 because no matter how stupid cool this phone is, if the screen goes out when it feels like it and stays that way all day or night the thing is not usable. Good luck!

I wanted to replace my Blackberry Curve and was going eeny-meeny-minie-mo between i-Phone and Android for weeks, but I was sold on the HTC Sensation when it came out.  I've had one now for three weeks and so far it's great.  It's slim but not flimsy, feels solid yet lightweight, good size screen, great colors, and the speed is like greased lightning.  And I can't fault T-Mobile for their customer service.  They were absolutely great about setting up my e-mail, transferring my Facebook app from my Blackberry, etc.  It can be a battery hog but I recharge my phone every day anyway so for me this is no problem.  This phone is definitely a keeper.Judy Lind

HTC has the worst warranty system I have ever come across. My first HTC Sensation came with a defective screen; I was able to exchange it the next day. The second one had the same problem! After 3 warranty cycles without solving the problem, I finally received a "refurbished" phone which was in worse cosmetic condition than the one I sent them. Also, this used phone HTC warranty sent me is defective! (intermittent shutdown & frozen applications). The problem with the used replacement phone I received manifested from day 1. Now HTC warranty is refusing to fix this dysfunctional phone they sent me, alleging "abuse" on my part. It's been over one year, and 6 warranty applications, and I still have a malfunctioning phone. I can't believe this kind of treatment still occurs in today's marketplace.

I have had this phone for 2 years and truely it has been one very frustrating breakdown after another.. I did have almost a full year of good working phone but when I got it It broke down within months with a problem that would plague me for the next 6 and get so bad I had to send it back ( randomly just shuts off) ontop of that after I got that fixed (sent away 2 times) I also have the problem of it randomly wont connect to the internet and I have to take the battery and everything out just to get it to work again.. Now I had the first problem reaccur again but I found a google fix for it. That being said a new problem just as bad has come up.. the touch screen is screing up BADLY and costs $140 to get it fixed.. *sigh* it was a good phone aside from all the stupid problems that have come up. sorry HTC but I'm dissapointed in this product. Now I'm stuck with another year of contract or pay up $140 to get it fixed and hope no new problems arise.

I love the Sensation. It has a great screen, it's super fast, and the build quality is great. It feels really solid without feeling heavy. In fact, every time I hold it, I am amazed at how thin it feels.It's not perfect, though. Even though the Sense UI is very good, I have a couple of nits to pick with it. First, although I like the lock screen, there is room for 6 or 8 quick-launch apps instead of the 4 provided.Second, the USB port is on the left side. Presumably this is so the phone will work with a dock in landscape mode. (There is a "dock mode" application on the phone.) But the lock screen, the main screen, and even the dialer screen are all locked to portrait mode. So before HTC can release a dock, they're going to have to update the software.

i love this phone. it has everything i need. i still have to get used to it because it does have A LOT of stuff. it takes awesome pictures, very clear. the ONLY thing i don't like is that you cant put a song as a text tone. thats my only complain.

I have only had my HTC sensation for twenty four hours and I already know I will be returning it. This is the least user friendly phone ever made.Pros - 1. Very beautiful screen. Cons - 1. You cannot create new photo albums. Every photo you have ever taken is in one album, so when you show your kids the photos from the zoo, they have to see all the pics you also took of your drunk coworkers at the bar. 2. Moving wigdets to the home screen according to the manuals instructions does not work. Period. Everytime you try you get an error 'Home screen full', even though you have ZERO wigdets there. You can change the wigdets, just not the way the manual says to. 3. Nothing is located where human logic would expect it to be. You have to open multiple icons to find anything. It is not just me because I was in TMobile for an hour and then didn't know where to look for things either, I had two reps helping me. 4. HTC sense hub has been down since I bought the phone. 5. There is no way to view a list of files on your sdcard. Period. You can only know what is on your sdcard by going into each icon separately and see whats there.

Pros: The interface is lovely, the keyboard is way better than the iPhone's, Android apps are mostly free. Cons: Battery life is a joke, can't currently root the phone to get rid of the stupid pre-installed apps, when using the phone for more than 5 minutes the battery get hot enough to burn your hand.

This is going to be a very long review.  But I'm writing this review specifically with iPhone users in mind.  If you're an iPhone user looking for a head-to-head comparison with this phone I think you'll find this very helpful.  Don't feel like you have to read the whole thing, you can just scroll down and read the subjects under the headings you're interested in.So you'll know where I'm coming from... a quick background: I've been an iPhone user since the first iPhone 3 came out (can't remember if that was 2, 3 or 4 years ago).  But I used the iPhone 3 for a year or so then upgraded to the iPhone 3GS when it came out.  And I'll be comparing this to the 3GS.PROS vs. iPhone4G - is awesome.  It's much, much faster than the iPhone.  The 4G speeds combined with the much faster operating system, makes web pages download at seemingly blazingly fast rates.FASTER PROCESSOR:  1.2 GHz dual core - makes a huge difference in speed.  Opening programs and web pages are very fast.  You get accustomed very quickly to the blazing fast speeds.  I don't play games so I can't really comment on that aspect.BIGGER SCREEN:  The screen is BEAUTIFUL!  The BIGGER size really is nice.  It's amazing how much more of a web page you can view on this screen.  And how much more of a book page - for you eReader fans - that you can view.  Reading books is really a pleasure on this device.BATTERY LIFE:  The battery life is great compared to the iPhone.  If I had written this review when I first got the phone I would have said it was abysmal.  However, I made a couple of discoveries that have greatly improved the battery life and I can now say it's much better than the iPhone's!I had purchased an app, JuiceDefender, for about $3.50 that was supposed to improve battery life but I couldn't detect any change.  However, a few days later I was playing around with the phone and got around to the Quick Settings screen and noticed you can easily disable whichever network/communications features you don't need.  By disabling even just the GPS the battery life improved immensely!You can also disable WiFi (which helps a lot too).  I have WiFi Hotspot disabled unless I'm actually going to use it, but I leave Mobile Network (which you have to have enabled in order for the phone to work as a phone) and Bluetooth on.As a comparison, two hours ago I had this phone and my iPhone fully charged to 100%.  Then I unplugged them both from the chargers.  I have not even turned on the iPhone and it is at 79% charge right now!  (And since my phone service with the iPhone is cancelled it's not even using 3G anymore).  The Sensation is still registering at 99% with some light use - a few text messages, and a couple of 3-4-minute phone calls.  So with actual use it's doing far better than the iPhone which is only running WiFi right now!If GPS and WiFi were enabled however, the Sensation would probably be around 80-85% right now.  So the GPS really makes a big difference in battery usage.My concern in disabling GPS was that I wouldn't be able to find the phone using T-Mobile's phone finder service, and if I went out and lost the phone while forgetting to turn it on - I might never be able to find out.  However, it's still findable.  The accuracy is a little bit less, but it'll get you close.  You can also still send an audio signal to it and you can still lock it and/or wipe all the data from it - in case you lose it.  So I find that GPS is only really necessary if you actually need to use a maps/navigation program.INTERACTIVE HOME SCREENS:  And after 3 or 4 years with the iPhone, I was so sick of looking at that static, stale screen I thought I was going to shoot myself if I had to look at it one more day!  One of the "themes" on the HTC phone is "weather".  It's completely interactive.  The background changes depending on the time of day and weather.  If it's day time and partly cloudy, you'll see blue sky with clouds.  If it's nighttime and cloudy you'll see dark sky and clouds.  Last night I was surprised when instead of looking cloudy it looked foggy.  And sure enough I looked outside and it was foggy!I love using this theme because it constantly changes and it gives you valuable information at the same time.  No more getting tired of looking at the same stale screen day in and day out.  All the themes and backgrounds that come installed with this phone are far more visually appealing than any that come with the iPhone.  And that makes a big difference when you have to look at it all day every day!The weather screen also automatically picks up your location.  With the iPhone weather apps you had to request that they pick up a new location.  So this saves a step or two and puts the information right up front along with the big easy-to-read clock.CAMERA:  The 8-megapixel camera is far better than not only the iPhone camera but even the newest iPad2 camera!  The apple products simply don't compare when it comes to quality of images and videos.  It's amazing that this little phone takes such higher quality videos than the much larger, more expensive and supposedly cooler iPad2!STORAGE:  I really like that we can use SD cards for storage and easily add space when we need it.  Can't do that on the iPhone.  And the iPhone becomes vastly more expensive when you buy the models with more storage.  The base price of the HTC is the same regardless of which $30 storage card you decide to put in it.KEYBOARD & TYPING  While the keyboard looks very similar to the iPhone's, somehow amazingly I'm able to type on it a lot more accurately!  It may be the actual tactile feedback you get when you hit each key, or maybe their automatic spell check is better.  But I make far fewer mistakes.And the Swype feature, where you can type simply by dragging your finger from one letter to the next across the keyboard is really amazing!  Even on the first few uses of that feature my typing speed was about 70% of my regular typing speed.  But as I've gotten more used to it - it's now about 90%.  I expect the more I use it that it will eventually be faster than regular typing.  But interestingly I make far fewer typos with it than I do with regular typing!  So it's a very cool feature that makes a real difference.  If  you have large fingers like I do it can be hard to do regular typing with two fingers.  But the Swype feature makes it really easy to do the typing with just one finger.ME.COM VS. MY.TMOBILE.COM - If you used me.com for its phone finder service, the ironic thing is that it didn't work with iPads or iPhones!  By which I mean that if you were out with your phone and your iPad and you happened to lose one of them and wanted to use the web browser on the other one to login to me.com and find it - it would tell you that the service doesn't work from your device's browser!  You'd actually have to go find a real computer to connect to me.com from to find your device.  How idiotic is that!?The T-Mobile finder works fine from any device including iPads and iPhones!  It also works exactly the same way the iPhone phone finder worked.  It will locate your phone and display it to you on a map.  You can send an audible signal to the phone, and you can lock and wipe data from the phone.  It also has an additional function which allows you to choose to send your phone's location to the service periodically, you can choose the time frame, every few minutes up to every 90 minutes.  That's handy if you ever want to track the route your phone has taken.  Could help you catch a thief by tracking his tracks.SYNCING:  Syncing this phone to Outlook calendars and contacts works flawlessly.  I used to use Apple's horrible me.com service to sync over the air.  It worked great for a few weeks, then it stopped working all together.  It also destroyed my Outlook calendar and it still hasn't recovered (it creates multiple entries for everything I enter to it... enter an appointment and it shows up 5 times)!But I was very happy when this phone connected and synced perfectly with Outlook on the very first try.  You can also create a folder to hold files that you want to sync with the phone and it does a very good job at that as well.WEB BROWSING:  Just one word:  FLASH!  It's amazing how many sites use Flash these days - not just for fancy graphics, but for basic functionality.  On any Apple mobile device you're totally locked out from viewing that content and functionality.  The Sensation works flawlessly with Flash and it's so nice to actually be able to use ANY website and have access to all its functionality.  Steve Jobs, you really need to wake up on this one.  It's a major reason I switched.Also, the larger screen makes it possible to see a lot more content.  There's also a feature where when you double-tap to zoom in on the text of a page it will actually resize the text in that column so you can easily read it.  On the iPhone you'd sometimes have to turn the phone sideways so the text could enlarge to fit the wider screen.  But this does it for you automatically without having to re-orient the phone.  You can also turn this feature off if you don't like it - which is another thing you don't get much of on the iPhone:  CHOICE!FREEDOM:  Last but not least is the feeling of FREEDOM you get with Android and the Sensation!  I'm not sure I can totally put my finger on it... but I think iPhone owners will understand this.  There's just a feeling with Apple products that everything's so restricted.  They try to control every single little thing.  Maybe it's "Digital Rights Management" and the way the use of audio files is so restricted, even your own audio files.  You MUST transfer files only through iTunes.  And you can never transfer any audio file on your iPhone back to your own computer.  If you ever connect to iTunes on another computer you own you can transfer what's on the phone back to that computer.  It's really infuriating... it's almost like you don't own the things you've purchased... or created on your own.  Or maybe it's the fact you can only buy things from the apple app store and they must be approved by BIG BROTHER APPLE before they can be put into the app store (you won't believe how many legitimate things they won't approve).  With Android there's just a feeling of choice and doing things your own way... even if a few of them aren't quite as "perfect".CONSFOLDERS:  This is the biggest drawback in my opinion - and the reason I give the phone 4 stars instead of 5.  Android doesn't come with the ability to create folders.  There are apps that try to emulate this ability but none of them really come close.  They're all very cumbersome and convoluted to use.  Nothing comes close to the simplicity and ease of use of the iPhone folders.Within the first two days I had already decided to create home screen shortcuts to enough apps that I filled up the first two home screens.  (that's 24 - 8 on the main screen and 16 on the others).  And I hadn't even begun to download apps I knew I'd want.So without the ability to create folders, you'd end up constantly cycling through the various screens to get to what you wanted.  A real nightmare for people who have a lot of apps.The Droid folders programs that I've tried at least solve that problem but not with the visual appeal and ease of use of the iPhone folders.  For instance, when you create a folder (through a very convoluted method involving the opening of two other programs!), you have to select a single icon to represent the folder.  So instead of actually being able to see the contents - represented by tiny little icons - you just see the one icon that you chose.Charging Cradle:  There is no cradle that I'm aware of at the moment to set it in.  I just lay it flat on my desk.  Wouldn't mind if it had a cradle like the iPhone to prop it up so you could actually enjoy seeing the screen.  Especially since unlike the iPhone - this screen will actually stay on for as long as you like - giving you a new clock and weather center - within an easy glance.NO CLOCK RADIOS MADE FOR IT:  I have iHome clock radios all over my house.  Wherever I am I can take the iPhone, plug it into the radio and it will charge and play music or podcasts.  I'm not aware of any similar products for this phone.PODCASTS:  I used the iPhone pretty heavily for podcasts that changed daily.  iTunes downloads them automatically and the sync to the phone whenever you sync it.  So it was totally hassle-free to update those daily podcasts.  You can still do this with the Sensation but it takes your human intervention.  I now copy the podcasts I want to transfer to the phone to a separate folder and I tell the phone to sync with that folder.  That does the trick, however, it's not as automatic as it is with the iPhone.In fact, nothing with this phone is as automatic.  Pretty much everything you can do with the iPhone you can do with this phone, but this phone just takes a little more work to get some things working the way you might want them.CLOCK:  The clock on this phone is a little primitive.  For instance, you can't set the timer to turn off the music player.  I used to like to go to sleep with my iPhone playing some audio files and I'd set the timer to 15 minutes and instead of playing a sound at the end of the 15 minutes you can set the iPhone to shut off the iPod player.  But not on this phone.Also, the stopwatch is a little quirky.  I liked to turn on the stopwatch when I go to sleep.  Then when I wake up in the mornings it's really easy to tell how long I slept.  And I'd leave it on all day until the next.  If the stopwatch read 24:00:00 - that would mean exactly 24 hours has elapsed since the last time I went to bed.  If it read less than 24 hours I knew I was getting to bed a little earlier than the night before (always a good feeling)!But the default stopwatch, when it gets into hours it goes a little crazy.  The first night when it should have read 24:00:00 - it read something crazy like 69:00:00.  I still have no idea what the 69 was counting, but it definitely wasn't hours!  I downloaded a clock app and it's a little better but it won't turn off the music player either.  It does show hours, but when it goes over 20 hours you can't see the 2!  So you'll see "0:00:00"  or "1:00:00"  you just have to know that's 21 and not 1.  I'm trusting someone will come up with a better clock - and soon!  I'm going to time them!EMAIL PROGRAM:  The default email program basically SUCKS!  It doesn't read html emails!  Today most emails are html... so to not have this ability is pretty unforgivable.  It's like a throwback to early 90s when email programs didn't read html.  Fortunately though, you can download email apps.  But that's the thing with this phone.  You can eventually get it to do what you want but it will take more effort on your part.  Things the iPhone does out of the box can be achieved but through some work and effort on your part.I'm using the Gmail app - although I don't use gmail for my mail.  I have my own website and use email with my own domain name.  So I created a gmail account and set my own email to forward a copy of all messages to the gmail account.  The fortunate thing is that Google lets you customize your gmail reply-to address, so when I reply to these emails it shows my real address to the recipients instead of the gmail address.  It works fine and the benefit is that gmail will "push" messages to your phone, so the minute you open up the program you'll see your latest messages.  You don't have to wait for all the messages since the last time you checked to download.  They'll already be there.VOICE DIALING:  Unfortunately the HTC Sensation doesn't have voice dialing.  They have a very rudimentary form of it, basically you have to manually open up your contact list then click the search button and say the name of the person you're looking for.  However, you can't just hit the button and say "Call Gina Rigsby".  This phone's voice dialing is apparently not tied into the actually names in your contact list like the iPhone's is.TIPS & TRICKS FOR FORMER iPhone OWNERS:When I first got this phone there were many things I wish a former iPhone owner could have told me how to do!  There were simple things I couldn't figure out how to do - like when reading an email message how do you get back to the list of emails!The main thing that I found disorienting when I first started using this phone was how to get back to where I was.  So for all iPhone users, remember, the "back arrow" at the very bottom of the phone (part of the hardware) is your best friend!  That's how you get back to where you came from.  Remember it and use it!If you're reading an email message you'll be disoriented because you want see a way back to the email Index on the screen.  That's because it's the back space button at the bottom of the phone.  Just click that and it'll take you right back to the Index.The other thing I found really disorienting was how to get the list of programs I had just used.  On the iPhone you click the round button at the bottom of the phone twice fast and it'll give you a list of your most recently used programs.On this phone there are several ways to do it but the quickest way is just to push and hold the Home button at the bottom of the phone until the list pops up on the screen.Another disorienting thing for iPhone users is that when you're in a program it's often not clear what you click on to see the list of program options.  Turns out it's the "list" button at the bottom of the phone (the one to the right of the Home button).  When you click that a list that is specific to whatever program you're in will pop up... and it will usually have an Options or Settings choice that you can use to customize the program.Oh and the Search button also at the bottom of the phone is the quickest way to find phone numbers and calendar entries.  When I first got the phone I must have messed around for 30 minutes trying to figure out how to Search on contacts!  You can bring up the contacts list but there's not always a search box at the top of the screen.

I am on my third Sensation.  The first had two issues:  The charger stopped connecting (it was the charger)within 30 days then the earpiece just stopped working mid call about two weeks later... so a total of maybe 46 days of phone ownership and kaput.  I though the call was dropped. It was simply that I couldn't hear the person I was speaking with.  I figured out that I could use speakerphone but if you have this phone you know that he speaker is useless.  You simply can't use it for a serious call.  The phone has potential but I have had a number of issues and so have others.FYI T-mobile will charge you 20$ to replace it under warranty and HTC won't replace it, but they'll fix it at your expense to ship it.  AND, if replaced, you'll get a refurbished (phone (hopefully not a broken one like they sent me), and that's a shame because I paid for a new phone.  All cell companies do this, I think. It's a such a scam.As far as unlocking my phone, well Tmobile has said that is a possibility but not associated with contract which means you're stuck with it if you buy it.  As a long time customer of T-mobile I'd think about something else.  Avoid a contract and I'd probably avoid this phone.The pros are the screen and picture quality and ease of use to post photos and video.  I've enjoyed using this phone and if it had better support I'd consider using it longer.The cons are the sound, slow camera, quality, and keyboard (read some other reviews for a better technical explanation.As a nice end to my review, here's an exerpt of my cnet review of tmobile:Overall, the services that T-mobile used to support are no longer there ...Just got of the phone regarding the continued account issues and the executive office representative refused to let me out of my contract despite my offering to return the equipment because, says this rep, the ability to unlock my phone (an offered service and one that inspires a global traveler like me to remain with the company)is not part of my contract. She then tells me that I am using the services and must pay a penalty. during this same conversation, just five minutes later, when I point out that this call is taking place 4 days after the date promised via e-mail from this same 'executive', she claims to have called me but was unable to leave a voicemail on my phone for 'some reason'. Interesting services I pay for at T-mobile. I am offered the opportunity to call tech support and spend hours on the phone talking about my issues I didn't know I had, and we'll be talking about the wrong phone because that's what shows up on my account. If price is essential for you, consider all of your options before considering a contracted plan. I'm looking for a new provider.

This is my seventh different android phone, and may I say the best I've had my hands on. The device is hands down the nicest looking handset out there. Feels solid and looks drop dead sexy. It doesn't necessarily blow away other devices such as the Thunderbolt or Galaxy S 1 when launching apps individually. I mean it is slightly faster (still 1.2Ghz vs 1.0Ghz), but where it really excels at is multitasking and that's where this dual core beast starts to flex it's large muscles. The device never really slows down or gets bogged down like the Thunderbolt, SGS1, or any other single core device. Instead it keeps chugging along with you every step of the way without skipping a beat.Gaming on the device also gives you nice and smooth framerates, and this phone by far is HTC's best gaming handset (Now only comparable to the EVO 3D).The screen is great, but nowhere near as nice as Samsungs SAMOLED(+) screens IMO.Sense 3.0 looks great and adds a few nice additions over the previous version of sense. The UI does tend to shudder every once and a while but i'm certain that HTC/T-mobile can correct this with a software update as the hardware itself is plenty capable to run everything else smooth.The camera is very nice, and in most cases is capable of replacing a pocket camera as long as you're shooting in good light. The built in flash does a great job at lighting up close ups at night, but like most cell phone cameras, don't expect the flash to fill a room.T-Mobile's "4G" speeds aren't as fast as Verizon's LTE speeds but in my real world tests between the Sensation and the Thunderbolt it means that YouTube videos are launching 1 to 3 seconds faster. Mind you Verizon's LTE speeds will net you literally double the download speeds that you can get from T-Mobile, so seeing that videos only start playing a couple seconds sooner reminds you that LTE speeds are a little overkill for smartphones right now. The built in browser feels extremely smooth and renders everything without any hiccups including heavy websites like engadget.Overall am I extremely happy with this device and would recommend it to anyone looking for new powerful smartphone. This is the first device that I'm happy with that isn't rooted and modded. Nice work HTC.

Where shall I begin? NO BATTERY LIFE, my part time job is charging this phone. Constant ridiculous issues with it. NOT user friendly. It will just completely freeze up when I have an email or text message come in, or my favorite just completely dump and shut down the webpage you were just reading for no reason. You should be able to just plug your USB and get a prompt, but instead you have to go through all these extra steps just to get the most basic things done. My old Blackberry was far more impressive than this piece of garbage. I have been suffering for over a year now and so very glad they are coming back. Will never buy another HTC. Now I know why everybody complained about them.

Freezes up constantly, powers off randomly, 16 hour battery life if I don't use it at all, slow, and stopped receiving MMS.  Just an awful awful phone.

I am replacing my Samsung Vibrant (Galaxy S) with Sensation. The Vibrant itself was the 'best' Android phone on T-Mobile 12 months ago.I immediately noticed a few improvements:1. GPS is quick to lock (less than 5 seconds), whereas my Vibrant will take up to a minute, and doesn't stay locked for long.2. Battery life is better, I estimated with my usage, it maybe 2 to 4 hours better than Vibrant.3. Heavier due to the material being used, more 'metal' than the plasticky Vibrant.4. Has an LED notification light, although it's hidden inside the speaker grille so it's not easily noticeable if the phone is at a certain angle facing you.5. Apps do seem to launch faster, this is no surprise as Sensation has a 1.2ghz dual-core processor.6. Screen is gorgeous, due to the qHD resolution, texts are super crisp.Of course, there're no such thing as a perfect phone, Sensation also have a few short comings (#1, #2 can be fixed by software).1. HTC Sense, this may be a pro to average consumers, but I would rather use the standard Android launcher (or Launcher Pro). Even with a dual-core processor, I still noticed minimal lag while swiping the home screens. Not to mention Sense itself took up a lot of valuable memory out of the paltry 768MB.2. qHD resolution. While texts are crisp, they are also smaller compared to other normal resolution phones. Most apps are designed for 480x800 resolution, texts will appear smaller on those apps. Hopefully this will not be an issue with future updates.3. The front camera sucks. It's a 0.3mp camera. HTC, this is 2011, at least use a 1.3mp camera!4. Speakerphone is kinda weak. At both of their highest settings, my friend's iphone4 is about 25% louder than Sensation.Most professional reviewers crowned the Samsung Galaxy S2 as the best Android phone as of June 2011. I don't have the opportunity to see it in real life, so I don't know whether Galaxy S2 is a better phone or not. What I do know is as of July 2011, Sensation is the best Android phone available on T-Mobile. In six months it doesn't matter anyway, as another 'super' phone will come out and both Sensation and Galaxy S2 will become obsolete. Heck, a new iPhone in September will probably make my new Sensation look like old-tech.

This is the biggest piece of trash I've ever purchased. It constantly runs slow, even slower than at the end of the life of my old first run Galaxy S that lasted me 4 years. I constantly get &#34;Please Wait...&#34; messages and occasional freezes at a white HTC screen when just one or two apps are open. Apps constantly crash. In fact, I'm leaving this review on my Sensation for the second time because it crashed the first time. The input for the keyboard is awful, too. It always puts unintended letters and words that are nowhere near where I'm typing on the screen. Oh, and I haven't dropped this phone ONCE, yet there's a 3&#34; crack on the screen that just happened today when i pulled it out of my pocket after owning it for 6 months. I dropped my Galaxy S multiple times... Concrete, water, you name it. Not one scratch, not one problem as a result. Long story short, do NOT buy this phone. Go Galaxy S or Apple.

I went to Tmobile and upgraded to this phone on 15th of June 2011(day it came out) I am very happy with it! I had a Blackberry Curve which was terrible, then I got the Tmobile G1 which was good until it started dropping calls and due to its flip out screen design breaking I again was in search of a good phone with Tmobile. The G2x was fast but kept rebooting and shutting off by itself. So I got the Sensation and very pleased! Fast phone, great display,(I dont understand people that want a more detailed display, its a phone) And above all I get reception everywhere I go!!! So far I haven't had any dropped calls or rebooting issues.

I used to think I won't need smartphones. How wrong I was! Once I got this thing, I cant leave home without it.This phone is a BEAST when it comes to things like office, video playback, internet, and speed of basically everything. I can study off my powerpoints on Kingsoft Office while listening to youtube music on Dolphin Browser HD, all on 4G connection.If there was an option for a 4.5/5 I would choose it. The phone is not without imperfections, and the major hang is BATTERY LIFE! Taking calls or making calls with this smart phone drains its battery HEAVILY. Have to turn down quite a few features once you get it (most of non-essential sync, brightness), they are all unnecessary stuff you don't need.This was my first smartphone, but I can already tell other people are jealous of my sexy phone.

We received the Sensation 4G from T-Mo yesterday (8/17/2011).We were impressed by the clean lines of the packaging, as well as the minimal amount of cardboard and plastic included therein.What is in the box:HTC Sensation 4G (8GB MicroSD Card and battery installed)Terms & Conditions BOOK (Thicker than the phone!)User ManualSIM CardWired Stereo HeadsetUSB A to Micro USB CableWall ChargerProtip: The Sensation has a known bug where it thinks it has a voice mail when it comes out of the box. You can simply go to MENU -> SETTINGS -> CALL -> CLEAR VOICEMAIL NOTIFICATION. It is really that easy.First Impressions:The screen on this thing is HUGE!Great call quality.Takes amazing pictures with a surprisingly short focal distance.Bright crisp displayThe screen on this thing is HUGE!Pros:Going from a Motorola CLIQ to this device is simply stunning. The screen response is lightning fast, the apps load nearly instantaneously, and we can play Angry Birds without our laptop! Oh, and the screen on this thing is HUGE! (Have I said that already?)Cons:Unlock glitch results in a split screen sometimes. Simply exiting the app results in this problem going away. (I am promised by T-Mo that this is being remedied in the coming update) We have heard this before with past Android devices, but we are hopeful. UPDATE: We have downloaded the update to correct the split screen issue! HTC Delivers!Camera placement is a tad tricky when using the phone in "landscape" position. It is difficult to keep ones finger from setting right on the glass cover for the camera lens. This seems to be an issue with every device in this class. We're hoping that some brilliant engineer at one of the Android manufacturers comes up with that before Apple does.

The critics of this phone, must have purchased lemons because my Sensation is indeed a Sensation. It's got it all. Used it throughout Europe as my portable computer. Put it on airplane mode, and it was good to go, picking up internet signals fromMadrid throughout Europe to Stockholm. The camera is outstanding, better than any of the competitors. True the battery could be better but I upgraded and I'm always ready. Yahoo, Google, Stock apps., Facebook are ready when you are. HTC Sensation is a winner.

love this phone.have had for awhile now and no problems at allwould recommend to anyone.easy to use phone works great only slight complaint is speaker volune

Piece of junk.  I am on my 4th Sensation in 2 weeks.  First one would intermittently shut down (completely, and would need to be rebooted), second one had defective bluetooth, third one had dust under the screen in 1 day of use, and now the 4th one also has dust after 6 days of use.  The dust issue is all over the forums, yet HTC support says they've never heard of the issue.  My provider says "they all do it" when I complained of the dust.  Very frustrating for a $550 phone.  Hope someone gets angry enough to file a class action.

htc sentation is not a good phone not worth the money nor the time to work with the phone company u go through to fix it.  t- mobile does not care about helping there costomers unless it is to there benefit

To start: Battery life is maybe 10 hours.  Maybe.  It's ridiculously slow, and I'm not talking about the speed of service.  If I try and open an app, the phone sits and thinks for probably 20 seconds before the app will open.  If I've ever toggled between apps and then hit the Home Screen button, the phone restarts itself.  If I make a phone call and then hit the Home Screen button, the phone restarts.  If I try and touch the phone, it restarts.  The keyboard is so small that it takes me five minutes erasing all of the periods I've entered when i meant to hit the space bar. And the thing is HEAVY.  After about two weeks of usage I learned exactly how much I hated this phone, but I waited for the Samsung Galaxy III to come out, and it was like a breath of fresh air.  Unfortunately, I dropped my Galaxy while at the gym and the screen shattered.  I therefore had to resort back to this phone until my screen gets fixed, and I'm reminded of how god-awful and waste of money this POS is.

I replaced my beloved HTC HD2 with this. I'm glad I did. Out of the box it has some little 'foibles', but a judicious selection of apps has cured those for me.Volume+ - cures the low maximum volume issue (a setting of +5 was perfect for me). And the sound quality improves after a few hours of 'burning in' the speaker.App2SD - minimizes the over consumption of memory.Lookout and Mobile Security - do a fine job of security managementScreebl Pro - a different and very effective approach to battery saving.Software Data Cable - facilitates downloading and uploading from PCs to Phone.Watchdog - detects runaway apps, you don't need a 'Task Manager'.WP Clock - Enables intuitive and elegant design for your home screens.I'm currently at 58% battery capacity after 13 hrs 44 minutes of light to moderate use...

I have been a blackberry user for a long time. this is my first android phone.As per specs , the phone is much more powerful than my 7 year old desktop.Pros:1) it has nice screen, easy to read text. Although you may have a problem in bright sunlight.  2) excellent video playback.3) above average camera and video recorder.4) It is fast, responsive, and smooth.5) Build quality is top class.6) you won't miss the physical keyboard, as on-screen keyboard is good and responsive, with predictive text input, you will type less.Now, the cons.1) poor battery life. battery will not last my work day. Voice calls drains battery a lot.2) phone can get hot, too hot while using GPS.3) equally poor speaker. listening to music or  is not enjoyable with its speaker.4) due to speaker problem, it is not good experience using speaker while on call5) poor wifi range, wifi signals drops drastically as you move away from router. in my basement, blackberry curve holds onto wifi signal without any issue, sensation will not be connected at all.In summary, if not for very poor battery life, i would have given it five start. but i am a business user who depends upon smartphone for emails and calls. and if you need to charge it during the day , then it is not a pleasant option. HTC needs to improve upon these shortcomings if they want to be a long term competitor to Apple.

I've had this a month, and I am very pleasantly satisfied with the phone.PRO* big 540p qHD screen* HTC Sense UI is very niceI bought the Sensation over the other "top" phones primarily based on the qHD screen, as I wanted to be able to watch movies, etc nicely.  Compared to more "stock" phones (e.g. Samsung), HTC Sense UI widgets really do make a big difference in usability.CON- $200 on contract- heavyThe Sensation is not a cheap phone, requiring $200 down and $300 to pay over time.  It's also quite a bit heavier than other similarly large phones like the Samsung Galaxy.  I guess the extra weight is where HTC cut some cost.MEH~ HD video & 8 MP camera~ wants frequent chargingThe video & camera are "nice to have", but I don't take that many pictures or films.  The battery can burn down fast, but I usually have charging availableEND* solid performing smartphone* decent value for performanceAs an Android phone, the Sensation does basically everything you'd want it to.  There are a few nits, like wanting a bit more RAM (i.e. 1 GB) or a slightly lower price (especially with the newest HTC phones out for comparision), but overall, I'm happy with the Sensation.

I purchased the phone for $500 cash to receive a reduced plan rate through T-mobile.  After one year, the wifi stopped working.  I contacted T-mobile and HTC and they recommended a factory reset.  The wifi worked for two months after the factory reset.  Now, if you attempt to turn on the wifi, the phone starts rebooting and resetting itself.  I sent it in to HTC to see if it could be repaired but they quoted me $170 to repair the phone.  I asked them to return it unrepaired.  Now, phone calls cannot be made on the phone.  HTC damaged it when it was sent in to check the wifi.  HTC refuses to resolve this issue.  I urge anyone considering an HTC phone to look for another brand.

I'm thinking of buying this phone, because my contract is up. Does this phone require heat sensation or can I use my nails? Also, how fast is the speed and memory?

I would like to know if there are any Apple Mac computer users using this HTC Sensation 4G phone?  Would you able to transfer photos, songs, and contact informations by tethering the USB cable?  Will it slow down the Operating System for the phone and computer?  Thanks.

the HTC has amazing specs on paper. 4g, High megapixel camera, fast processor. Unfortunately that is all worthless because the software on it is crap and HTC never released any updates to fix it. The camera is horrible, every picture comes out blurry due to the software processing. the phone reboots every so often on its own. The phone takes screen shots and wont stop for no reason. Do yourself a favor, buy a motorola or a samsung

I bought my HTC Sensation 4g about 2 weeks before Christmas 2011. I was upgrading from my HTC MyTouch 3g, which by then had become slow and lethargic due to apps that required more horsepower than the single-core processor could provide. I have loved my Sensation 4g for the 15 months or so that I used it and I think the 4.3 inch screen is the perfect size. In May 2013, I upgraded to the HTC One, which is ranked as the number one Android device by many publications. I handed my old Sensation 4g phone to my daughter after getting the local T-mobile store to reinitialize and install a new sim card with a new number for my daughter. Needless to say, she loves the phone, even though it's 2 year old technology now. I love my HTC one, but in my pocket, I sometimes miss the smaller size of my old Sensation 4g. Oh, by the way, I got a Sensation 4g for my wife on Valentines day 2012. She loves her Sensation 4g, too.

Just Google " issues with unlocking screen for sensation" and you'll find that this issue is way too common. I've had thephone for a week and have never dropped it, just yesterday the unlocking ring has been giving me problems 90% of the time.  When I get a call sometimes I have to swipe the ring 3-10 times before it answers the call. And occasionally I missed the call because I couldn't get it to answer. If I had a choice I would stay away from this phone it has some major issues that apparently are not solvable. Don't take my word for it, Do Ur own research and you'll find that this is happening to most owners.

I've owned 4 HTC phones since becoming a T-Mobile customer in 2005 and they continue to raise the bar on their phones. The Sensation 4G is a top of the line smartphone that packs a lot of punch.First off, it's a beautiful phone. The design is sleek ,and dare I say, sexy. It's thin, but feels great in the hands. It is a big phone, but don't think of it as being heavy or bulky. It definitely fits in your pocket or purse with no problems whatsoever.The phone itself is fast, very easy to use, and has a lot to offer in terms of content. The Sense 3.0 UI is clean, crisp, and just beautiful. The thing I love most about Sense 3.0 is how customizable it is. You can make this phone YOUR phone from ringtones, wallpaper, skin, layout, and more. You can watch movies, listen to music, surf the web, e-mail, etc with ease on this phone.The phone ships with Android's Gingerbread OS, with the before mentioned Sense 3.0 UI overlay. Like any Android phone, you can add apps via the Android Market with things like Netflix (looks great on this phone), CNN, ESPN, and more.The only flaw I found in this phone is the battery life. I remedied this issue by purchasing a 3rd party extended battery. If you plan on using this phone as it's designed to be used for, I'd highly recommend getting an extended battery and using the stock battery as a backup or for home use.Overall, I love this phone and can't recommend it enough to anyone looking for a true smartphone. It's a phone that I can see myself using 2 years down the road with no problems.

This phone is super-fast, so working with all apps is just a pleasure. It looks sturdier than Galaxy S (Vibrant), but weighs more too. Battery life is not bad at all. Of course, my old Nokia went for a week w/o a charge. But a smartphone phone that could get me through a day of regular usage is perfectly fine in my books. The screen is gorgeous, the keyboard works great (though I still prefer Swype). Integration with all Google services is seamless - GMail, Calendar and Google Voice work like a charm. I have 4G around my office and  and wi-fi at home, otherwise its mostly 2G. Still, Pandora streaming works with very little issues at HQ settings all the time. I got it without contract and paid the full price, but have no regrets so far.

I am using this device for a few months can't wait to change it.. The battery life is terrible, I have to charge my phone 3 times a day. I was trying to tur of wi fi, blutooth, apps and what ever.. Anyway even if you talk for 10 15 min itis dead in a couple hours...

Spectacular Phone!I am a long-term Blackberry user that uses his phone mostly for business but also for managing personal accounts.  For several years, I have used Blackberry to handle my messaging demands including two (2) exchange accounts and four (4) personal accounts.  I had been waiting to move to phone that could smartly handle these needs, and I have found it with the HTC Sensation.  I bought this phone early and have been using it since 6/10/2011.Email / Exchange CapabilitiesHTC has customized the email application, and it is smooth, elegant, and fast.  I had no problems configuring my Exchange,  MSFT Live, and various POP accounts with the phone.  The Sensation quickly synced all my accounts with ease.  The Exchange integration is exceptional: you get push email, push calendar, and push contacts integration.HTC also features a flexible presentation model where it unifies your emails into a single box and color codes the email by account received.  You can also use a dropdown menu and select to view a single mailbox at a time.  This mail implementation is better than anything offer with the BB, and more robust than the messaging application on the iPhone.When you receive an email, you will get a notification through Android's notification menu AND and LED indicator will flash.  BB's universal implementation of a notification light is a simple yet necessary function for me, and I am glad that HTC has decided to include a notification light.  It is not as bright as the one found in my BB, but it does the job.I don't use gmail, but interestingly, that is managed by a separate Google provided email program.Contacts IntegrationHTC has again included its Contact management application instead of the Android stock, and it is an elegant solution.  One of the benefits of their application is that it will link duplicate entries into a unified contact account.  So, if you have someone listed in your Exchange, POP, social networking address book, it will allow you to link these into a single contact entry to simplify your contact list.  It's a great feature and helps you organize everything.Push CalendarNo issues with it.  I believe that the included application looks great and has no problems syncing with Exchange.BuildThis phone has exceptional build quality.  It is made of aluminum and plastic and feels great in your hands.  Not only the phone comfortable to hold, but it feels heavy.  I like a heavy phone: it speaks to the quality of the build materials and does not feel like it will break apart with use.The main navigation buttons are virtual, haptic buttons located at the bottom of the phone.  The one issue with these virtual buttons, is that sometimes I accidentally trigger the "back" button when I intend to depress the space key.  This is not a major issue, and one that with practice you begin to avoid.The power/wake up button is on the top of the phone.  It is responsive and has proper travel and response.  The only other physical buttons are the volume rocker on the left of the phone.  The one thing I miss is a dedicated physical camera button.  Instead, you have to trigger the application through the menu system and then use the virtual shutter button on the screen.  Again, I wish there was a physical camera button, but it's not a deal killer.Phone AudioPhone calls are loud and crisp, and the large ear grill allows you to hear calls very well.  Callers commented that they had no problems hearing me as well.  When this phone makes a call through Wifi, the call quality increases even more and the voice quality becomes even more outstanding.The speaker is on the bottom of the phone; so, if you turn the phone over, the volume picks up.  My Blackberry has the advantage of having the speaker on the top of the phone; so, this phone flip is not necessary.KeyboardThe other important departure from the Blackberry was the physical keyboard.  I was very skeptical and had not been impressed by other Android based keyboard's such as the one on the Galaxy S.  HTC has implemented two custom input methods.  Its keyboard substitute works very well and functions like the excellent keyboards found in Windows 7 Phone phones.  The large screen also minimizes errors.  HTC has also implemented its own version of a Swipe keyboard.  It works fine, but I prefer the HTC keyboard.  Coming from the Blackberry physical keyboard, I am actually faster with the HTC virtual keyboard, which was my biggest surprise when using this phone!Android Wifi CallingI relied on Blackberry and T-Mobile's UMA implementation.  This allowed me to get perfect service from my home, receive signals at work, and make calls when traveling internationally.  T-Mobile has integrated its version of UMA calling the HTC Sensation.  It works just as well at the Blackberry's UMA implementation.  Once you active the feature, it signs-in seamlessly with WiFi networks without further intervention.  This is such a huge feature that T-Mobile should aggressively advertise, since it allows you to place calls in locations where no phone can receive cellular signals.ConclusionIn short, buy this phone.  It's fast, well-built and packed with a great package of software features that make it perfect for business and pleasure.

I bought this phone, the day it was released, back in May, 2011.2 hardware defects:1) Incoming calls: I can no longer hear the person on the other end. They hear me, but I can't hear them. The only workarounds are using a headset or switching to speakerphone.I've confirmed this is definitely a hardware defect (and not a software, routing, or settings issue).2) GPS internal antenna is very weak. I've had assisted-GPS phones that lock within a few seconds. This phone takes 2+ minutes. And, in the car, unless it's sitting on my dashboard, it only barely gains a lock within 20 feet. Absurd.So, aside from the phone not being to make phone calls, and the GPS not being able to navigate... it's just peachy.

So far, several months into using the HTC Sensation 4G Android Phone (T-Mobile), I'm pleased. As this is my first smartphone, I was concerned about how fast 4G really is as it relates to different apps. Faster is always better, but this is a fantastic start.It is difficult to separate the device from the apps. I have been careful only to download name brand apps, avoiding the nastiness that happens when downloading some unknown company's tool.I have a couple Gmail accounts coming through with ease. Internet use has been trouble free, and especially good when sites are mobile-ready. Netflix works well, though their updates can be dodgy, but that's a Netflix problem. LinkedIn, Peep, YouTube, Google Doc, Google Translate, TuneIn Radio, Spotify are all good here. Kindle is slow to load, but it gets the job done. How good is Angry Birds? I don't want to talk about it. I'm addicted.The camera shots and video have all been impressive, though the sound pick-up with the video is sometimes slightly off. I use the camera daily.Things are fast, clean, and only occasional freezes. I'm a happy customer, looking forward to the next generation. I fully recommend the HTC Sensation 4G Android Phone.Anthony Trendlanthonytrendl.com

I depend on my phone for business using the calendar and contacts and texting. After 6 days of use, I pressed the on/off switch and the phone did not come on. I panicked for I need it for my business. I left work and tried to find a Tmoble store. The man in the store said the phone is defective but was able to start it up by opening the back and pushing something near the switch. I went to the TMoble where I had bought the phone 2 days later to return the phone. I had been told that I have 2 weeks to return it. I wanted to go back to my G1 phone which has always been reliable until I can think of another phone to buy. I was told there is a $50 restocking fee. I told them that I would not have returned the phone if it didn't break in 6 days. They would not give in and I was charged $50. I also called customer service and spoke with 4 different people who said nothing can be done. I don't recommend this phone due to the flimsy switch and poor customer service.

If you hold this phone side by side with a Samsung Galaxy, then you will probably notice that the Galaxy has better contrast ratio... I'm sure some people might think this is important. For me it was all about screen size, pixels, connectivity and responsiveness.  This machine is smooth and works flawlessly.  My favorite apps are: Google Voice, Google Docs, Jorte Calendar Widget, Mobile Hot Spot, HTC's FaceBook app, Reveal Reader, Slacker, Pandora, Opera, & Speed Test.

This phone broke in just under a year. Tmobile will not cover the phone and had to send it back to HTC. I sent it to them 3 times and HTC still won't replace the phone. Screen goes blank and the touch screen won't work. This was my primary phone, so this is not good news...I would avoid HTC.

pros:android 2.3.31.2ghz DUAL COREgiant screenlag? no such thingawesome cameragood 4g speeds, barely drops to 2glove the sense UIvery thin and barely weighs anythingGORILLA GLASS FTW.not an apple productlooks very good qualitycons:has a death grip in 1 tiny spot, barely ever hold it like that, but its knownbattery life is pretty bad, but it lasts a whole day, so i am good with it*problem with tmobile not the phone* - 4g didn't work for a whole day and had to call customer support to fix it[oh yes, i do have a new review]OK, this review might be an "exaggeration" to everyone's mind, but that's because my standard were so low, its impossible (i just upgraded from a Motorola milestone) so far this phone has been nothing but helpful to me. The battery lasts a whole day, 4G works wonderfully, the 1.2GHz processor doesn't have 1 second of lag, the screen is much better than the iPhone 4's retina display in my opinion *don't hate me all you apple fan-boys* its got the best camera I've seen on a cellphone, and its quite comparable to my CANON EOS REBEL XS. It may not be better than a full on DSLR, but its almost that good. I also like how it feels in my hands, its very light too and surprisingly not thick at all in my pocket. The fact its got HTC Sense 3.0 UI, makes the phone so much more fun to look at, and i can barely turn it off. When i show off my phone everyone says "Ah, i wish i had that phone" even all the iPhone users, and other android users.Now this is the part that everyone will go frown at, the speaker is pretty pathetic AT THE BEGINNING, you just need to burn in the speakers (i learned this through jlabs), it actually helps very much if you play songs or high to low frequencies for an hour a day at medium volume, and it gets better over a week. Another thing is the DEATH GRIP, this sounds terrifying, but the fact is, when you put a case on it (barely $2) it gets you at least 1 more bar. The death grip is eventually non existent when you get to a spot with full 4 bars, it will always stay 4 bars unless you try to lose a bar. Another thing is the battery - it lasts about a day, which for some is bad but for me, i like the fact it lasts a whole day (7am-11pm) *my milestone barely lasted 3 hours* but that problem can be solved by buying an extended battery (1900MHz cost about $10 which is amazing compared to my milestone's extended battery -$60, which was also a bigger battery, the 1900MHz is the same size as the original, and according to reviews it adds a whole extra 6 hours, which i doubt it does)so far pros= everything cons=nothingmy only concern was the price, its quite expensive, but you know how they say "you get what you pay for", in this case, its the best of the best for a usual price.

Yes. I'm on, oh, let's see, maybe my 16th free replacement HTC Sensation from T-Mobile. I'm pretty sure no one else is going to actually purchase this buggy, erratic phone anymore, but I wanted to put my negative review in just to be sure. Any positive review for this phone is from 2011. Do your research, this phone has no longevity.
