
I anxiously awaited the Samsung Epic  and received it right away. This was the best shipping experience I've had with a seller on amazon. I played with the phone for a few days before writing this review and I am very happy with it. I had an evo 4g and found that it was lagging probably because I have to much on it but I was really looking for a great phone with a keypad. I have finally found what I consider to be the best of both worlds. I give the product and the seller a 5 star rating. If your looking for a phone that offers both touch and key pad I say go for the Samsung Epic :)

phone in great condition only thing is its battery caused my phone to be slow and hard to use so i swapped it with my old battery other than that its great it came 2 days after ordering it it was a week early. the pictures are lies it only comes with charger, phone, battery, and sd card. i didnt receive a case or head phones or a car charger

An I won this hand.  Thank you for the superior product! My son Loves it and I will continue to view your products!!!

This phone was suppose to be new but when i activated the microphone (that people can hear me) is busted and the camera is busted. i am very dissatisfied with this product.

I have been playing around with both phones and because I belong to Sprint for the rest of my life's tenure, I shall let you know that these are the two best phones available in the market but let's compare which is better at what.Appearance - The Evo 4G does not have a slide-out QWERTY keypad like the Epic. The Epic despite the keyboard is about an ounce lighter in weight and that says a lot about the AMOLED screen and the absolutely flawless design on this phone. The charging port is located on the TOP of the phone and also has a little slide you need to drag open before accessing the MICRO USB/Charger. The phone looks a terrific black (like the best looking iPhone, oh yeah we care, no sarcasm) when the screen is not on. UNLIKE THE EVO, the standby key is on the right hand side of the phone and does the same thing. On first appearance, the design of the Epic is mouth watering. I've always found Sidekick like phones cheesy and even that DROID from VERIZON looks very plastic to me but I shall diss no more, the Epic might just win on this account (but I know plenty of Evo users who would disagree but this is my opinion). Because of size, weight, 4-inch screen (Evo's 4.3), design of the slide out, the Epic wins this round.Call Reception / Loud Speaker -> While playing music, I noticed the Epic was a little louder than the Evo is but at full volume, it can be a tad too loud too which is obviously such a WELCOME FEATURE. The Evo has a loud speaker alright and also a dedicated home page where you can easily play your music but what matters is the sound because both phones offer excellent customization.Battery Life - This is one of the primary reasons the Epic is likely to do good. I fume when I hear people say the DROID X has a better battery life than the Evo. On Epic, the AMOLED screen ensures you don't need to charge this phone more than once a day. I managed to make this last for atleast a day but I did find the battery readings to be inaccurate from time to time. Maybe this happened because I was trying the phone on Airplane mode and then switching to CDMA so that could be it. There was a difference in the battery life, sometimes the bar would be short and sometimes substantially longer. Maybe it is just a software update that is required but at the end of the day, You can have all the features on a phone but what matters a lot is battery life and the Epic takes this round too. By getting the Evo you will need to buy an extra battery unless you like carrying your wires everywhere you go. If you're getting the Evo make sure you get an extra battery charger and oh save yourself some money and NEVER INVEST ON EXTENDED BATTERIES. You wouuld think Samsung and HTC are more clever than not to have come out with the extended battery in the first place. Feel free to discuss, throw things at me on the comments column.Screen Brightness - HTC Evo is about AS BRIGHT AS THE SUN, absolutely incredible brightness, it's like watching the most expensive HDTV sometimes. The phone even on low brightness is surprisingly bright and I always appreciate brightness. While the Epic is not dull, I'll be lying if I say the screen is as bright as the Evo or even comes close to taking this round. The Epic has a jaw dropping display but the brightness and screen quality while you're on a webpage makes Evo the winner here. The brightness may come at the price of battery life but when you drive a HUMMER, you worry not about the battery life but about the drive.Build Quality of Plastic on the BACK - The Evo certain feels a little more solid and smooth. The back on the EVO is better than the INCREDIBLE. Evo's kickstand is an added feature but the quality of the plastic on the Evo is 15% better than the Epic when you're holding the back though Epic is quite good as it is. **Caution** Do not remove Epic's back size by the SPEAKER, you may damage the phone cause you're such a strong individual, locate a small opening at the end and then LIFT UP the back plastic covering the battery. The back is obviously not RED like the HTC EVO.Bundled Accessories - Epic comes with a 16gb card, in ear earphones, a thicker BASIC manual I haven't opened and read yet. The Evo comes with an 8gb card and no earphones. They both come with a Micro USb Cord which coverts into a wall charger. I have tried and used almost all earphones bundled with phones and have never seen any Sprint phone with such good quality "in-ear" earphones which provide NOISE CANCELLATION. An excellent extra for the fifty bucks you pay depending on where you're buying the phones from. 16gb is like having 2 x 8gb cards.Mobile Hotspot - DRAWTask Killer App - If you hold the home button down on the Epic, an excellent task killer pops up. It is so easy and fun to use that this alone was a big big big deal for me. I've used it on the Evo before but it's just so much hassle free and cleaner on the Samsung, it tells you the percentage of the CPU being used for variety of apps in REAL TIME! Deal-MAKER for me. EVO owners, please correct me if I'm wrong.CAMERA *BIG DEAL FOR ME* - Epic. Epic. Epic. Epic. The customization is Godly. Samsung is slowly becoming very clever. The camera quality is that of a digital camera, I dare say. Also if people are moving and pause for a second, the phone still takes an absolutely astounding photograph. The Evo makes things yellow and although it's 8megapixel, the camera doesn't quite seal the deal. The other thing is that the Evo doesn't have that many customizations for the camera. Samsung has pulled a magic trick with this one. Some envious Evo users tell me that because the screen looks better on the Epic, the images look better but if I were to upload these to my computer, there'd be a difference. This is my response to people who say something like that. How often will I be uploading these pictures? Maybe once in four days, I will be mostly viewing them on the phone so I don't care about that. Mind you, though I haven't uploaded anything yet, I shall upload them and send you a sample picture if you request one. PLEASE BARE IN MIND, while the SAMSUNG has more options, it will take a real techoholic to want to figure out each and every feature, I'm still getting WARMED up to it.Google Sync - The google sync on both phones immediately got all my contacts into the phone, there are a ton of applications so if you have a gmail account even with a blackberry, all your contacts are gonna be SYNCED with either the EVO or the EPIC. Google has a very funny deal-sealing way of having the google sync on the BLACKBERRY. If you're dumping your blackberry, make sure you do google sync and sync all your contacts before activating the EPIC. Ask a store rep to do it for you before buying it BLINDLY from them.BROWSING - Browsing on the Evo is the best browsing I have ever seen. It still wins over the Epic by just a single point. Epic still gets a 9/10 while Evo because of it's multi-touch gets a perfect 10. There is no lag while browsing or using the touchscreen at all. This is a dream come true for people who've ever had the Samsung Instinct from two years ago. These two phones make my Blackberry look so bad and that's one thing to love and admire about Androids, the fact that they have such capable awesomse fast, intelligent browsers. I have no complaints whatsoever. I have an iPod touch and its half as good at best and I'll tell you the iPod touch is amazing. EVO wins by a life because it's the best at it. Epic is still about two and a half times as good as my Sprint BOLD.On-Screen Typing : On screen typing on the Evo is way better because of HTC's on screen Qwerty. Swype comes built in with the EPIC. I've never used it, I don't believe in it, just looks too cheesy. Evo has a great typing mechanism but EPIC assumes that unless you're typing casually, you will use the physical keyboard to type. The Evo's typing is better than the iPhone's or the iPods. I haven't played with the iPhone 4 yet.SLIDE OUT / PHYSICAL KEYBOARD : I will go for the Epic over the Evo because it has a wonderful, non-cheesy, idiot proof keyboard slide out. This is the best addition possible besides the camera and the bundled accessries. I despise the Moment's keyboard in comparison though Moment isn't a bad phone. The EVO is supposed to be Sprint and Samsung's replacement for the SAMSUNG MOMENT.I've been away from my 2 day old Epic. I will discover more things and shall let you know. Any cons? The capacitive keys on the front could've been a touch more responsive. On the Evo they seem more responsive. I'm in no hurry for the Samsung Epic to get 2.2 and I'm sure they won't disappoint.Wallpapers look brighter, more alive, sleeker, sexier, more sophisticated on the Epic. When you're in your menu on the Evo you go from top to bottom while on the Epic, if you click Applications you go left right right right. So it's horizontal menu browsing on the Epic and vertical on the Evo.There is so much more for me to discover. I told someone earlier this year that no phone will ever match the iPhone but technology has an astounding way of shocking me. I'm an absolute geek and am glad that the Epic exists. It's like action sequences on the Lord of the Rings : Twin Towers while Evo is like the Matrix chase scenes from Reloaded. Both are feature packed phones but I love to type and the additional keyboard is fantastic for typing.

The phone arrived late and it had more wear and tear then described. I received the phone battery and charger only. So far the phone is in good working condition.

This phone is great! I knew I was buying a used phone and expected scrathes and what not, but when I got it I couldn't find a single scratch. The product was shipped extremely fast. The phone looks brand new and operates like its brand new as well.

This product came as expected and is exactly what I needed. I love the phone because it has a QWERTY keyboard. I will definitely buy from this seller in the future.

i love this phone. i used to have one but it got messed up but now that i got it back i love it

Where do I start okay the two stars come from the shipping the phone got here super fast. The battery was dead and old n did not hold a charge I didn't want to get another battery from this company so I ordered a battery from a different company n now it holds a charge. The charging port is loose to make matters worst they sent me a HTC charger yes compatible but its never a good idea to use another companies charger with a different phone. I have to wiggle it to get ur to charge. The ESn is clean but it was a headache to get it activated bc I wasn't with sprint n they wanted me to sign a 2 year contract which I wont do so I had to find a company that took sprint phones. Screen is clean n clear phone has some deep scratches on side the back case didn't quite fit n the slide seems loose. I ordered this phone bc I had it when it first came out n loved it. I knew ordering used equipment might not have been the best idea but after I put a case over it n ordered a new battery it started working but moments later it stopped charging I contacted the company was advised I would get a charger still haven't gotten it its been a week I am sending the phone back save urself a headache n order from another company.

I have had this phone for several years and needed a replacement when I dropped mine and damaged it beyond repair.  This is a great product although, somewhat outdated with all the new phone technology out there.  It works great for me.  I am not a technology junkie like some and just want the phone features to work and be able to use my navigation app and a few additional personal apps.  For me, this is perfect.

I previously wrote a good review about this product before my first use. When I try to talk on the phone, there is barely any sound coming through and I always have to place every single call on speaker phone. This phone is complete crap and I wish I could return it! No wonder this phone was so cheap because it doesnt work! Will NEVER buy from this seller again!

It would turn on and off on its own, after about 3 weeks it resolved its self; dirt/crumbs in all the little creases of the phone.

i purchased this phone for my daughter...she has been through quite a few phones she seems to have bad luck...but this phone is great phone ..great features and nice look!

works just like new and great customer service if anything,,, if i would get another phone i would recommend this one

Product came in a Samsung Box with a stereo headset as well as a samsung usb charger and wall adapter.

this is my first android and I find it easy to use, convenient,  ,quality sound and picture and although I did not think I would like the keyboard, I actually love that I have the option to use it or not.

Great phone!! The service was impecable.The phone came quickly. I was a bit nervous that the phone would not work and look as advertised but it did. I have not had a problem yet. The battery charger was horrible and caused the battery to overheat. But the phone is great and will dedfinately buy again here.

Good deal, easy buy. Was disapointed that the 16GB SD card which come with the phone was missing :-(. Besides 5that the rest of the purchase was perfect.

I purchased the Samsung Epic 4g based on all the reviews and I'm glad I did because I absolutely love this phone. I had an EVO prior to this and I wish I would have read the reviews beforehand otherwise I would never had purchased an EVO. Only thing is that it took longer to receive. I purchased it on July 2nd and was scheduled to arrive between July 9-11th, I didn't receive it till the 13th.

I bought this for my teenage daughter because it was cheaper than the galaxy.  She absolutely loves the phone and it has all of the features that a teenager girl could want.

hello, good evening, I bought for $ 155 this cell phone as NEW, seems refurbished or used because this did not come in its original box, and does not have any accessory such as headsets, manual, car charger, I'm disappointed in the purchase I did besides that it was specified that this device does not work with CDMA in my country this service does not exist. who would like to know how I can resolve this situation.

works great! thanks my sons like them hope they don't break them. the price was just right for the phone

I is a good it work. It come early then then ship date. Nice phone n it work very good

This is my favorite phone evaaaar!  I bought it from Amazon because I had cracked the screen of my previous one.  Not because the phone is bad quality, just because I'm retarded.  Love this phone.  I had no problem connecting it to my number via Sprint.  ESN was clear, like the description said.  I received it a little later than the site estimated, but I got it within 2 weeks, so no big deal.  If you're just shopping around for smart phones, this one is awesome!  Camera is amazing.  No use for a digital camera anymore because this phone has a high quality camera.  I like the conversation-style messaging.  You can Swype or pull the keyboard out.  I don't have 4G in my area, but the 3G internet is still very fast.  Loveeeeee!

Ordered this product Sunday for my son. It has taken until Friday P.M. for it to leave the shipper's facility - still have no idea when it will get here, per the tracking information. Why, when Amazon has thousands of Kiwi robots that don't mind working overtime, and this site says the item is 'In Stock!'? I think it was simply because they want to press buyers to upgrade to more expensive shipping methods. Continuing, the screen now no longer works (12/13) after it slipped out of his pocket when he bent over - very disappointed in both him and the phone.

I would rather no star! The picture that was posted for this was not the same phone I received, it had a after market battery attached and the battery they sent with it was bulging. Well now it is the Fourth of July and I have no phone I even paid extra to get it here plus my prime membership. Since its the holiday UPS is closed, so now we are looking at Monday they might be here to pick this package up and return, then it is going to take up to 4 weeks to be refunded. Let me remind you I placed my order on July 1st, and just maybe somebody will come pick this piece of junk up that I didn't order. I would definitely recommend never ordering from them, I will be learning the hard way. Very dishonest and mislead.

I love the galaxy line! I got this phone for my daughter as a replacement for an EVO that died... she is very happy with the change!

With a sprint phone you are locked in, theirs no easy way to insert a SIM card, the wording no contract can mislead you. To me a no contract phone should mean you can use it with any carrier.Just saying live and learn

I was so happy to find this to replace the same model I had, Sprint doesn't even offer these new (only refurbished available for a higher price) It was delivered fast with a combo USB/wall charger, battery, SD card and ear buds included.

i received this phone in great timing. its a wonderful phone overall very fast. only problem is that when i finally got a memory chip i turn the camera on and it doesn't work...im not sure if it had mentioned the cam not working but i was disappointed.

The phone is absolutely great, it worked amazing. I couldn't say anything bad about it. Everything went smooth. Great phone, great deal! I would absolutely recomend this to anyone.Thank you,Brittney.

The first Samsung Epic 4G I owned was fine for several years so I bought the same phone.  This one is very unstable.  The back light goes off and on quickly when you open and doesn't stay on so you can see what you are typing (it is set correctly) and all of a sudden does not work properly.  I also cannot make outgoing calls, or accept a call without using a blue tooth.  The person on the other end cannot hear me and I cannot hear the phone dialing out (ringing) when placing a call. I also cannot find any solution to fixing it.  The phone was working fine and all of a sudden started acting up.....very annoying and from what I have read online I am far from the only one having issues with it.  If it is a know instability....Sprint should stand behind them.

Good

The item was a different model than advertised, but the item that came was actually a better deal. The seller advertised an Epic 4G and had photos of that, but the item was an Epic 4G Touch, without a keyboard - a newer model with a better system and lifespan. The item arrived promptly and it's in beautiful condition. I'm very happy with the purchase and the seller.The phone's battery lasts about 13 hours in standby, which isn't great but is what I expected. I like the interface and the screen is fairly sturdy - I'd still recommend a case and screen protector though.

Ordered thru TABLET DISTRIBUTORS  and the order was fulfilled by Amazon which gave the seller credibility.  Phone came missing the SD card on which the camera function depends!  Item was listed as NEW and the lady at Sprint and documentation on the model confirm NEW phones are shipped with the card!Seller feedback unanswered on Amazon site, emails I send unanswered, now a robot takes my voice-mails to customer support which too are unanswered.  There MUST be something wrong with the seller feedback ratings.  I hope Amazon can help me.I live in a rural area and may have to drive 100 miles round trip to get a card for the phone before Mother's Day as the phone was a gift.UPDATED Review:  Never got any type of reply.  Requested an exchange but then decided to go out and buy a card for the phone and avoid missing Mothers Day and the additional activation fee.  Mother is happy with the phone and took pictures with it all day.  Good quality pictures, fast internet and the keyboard is a must for people who have trouble with the on screen versions.Set the rating for the actual item but avoid this vendor please!This has been my only totally BAD experience using Amazon and I will never trust the vendor ratings again.

Droid Masterz you rock! Prompt delivery.  I love my refurnished Samsung Galaxy Epic 4G.  It is great condition and the phone works with no issues.  Easy set up.  The battery life was disappointing (fully charged at 6am, at 10am needed charging, with little usage), but once I installed the Juice Defender app, it improved dramatically.  I was a bit disappointed that the cell phone did not come with a micro SDHC card, so I had to use my old one from my previous phone.  I recommend this company and will definitely order from them again.

This phone is amazing for apps and also has a quick setup. Fantastic setup actually. The only issue (which really isn't an issue at all) is that the call quality doesn't match the superior quality of the device itself. I recommend this phone to anyone who spends a good amount of their time texting, emailing, and using apps on their phone. Not recommended for someone who spends a large amount of time using it for talking.

I would absolutely recommend this seller and product. Knowing that it was a refurbished phone, it was very minimally scratched. It works great, quick touch response, and MY FAVORITE part it wasn't on a delinquent former account. I am very satisfied :D

I bought this phone to replace my Iphone 4s that was tragically stolen.I was really hesitant to get a phone that wasn't an apple, but I must sayI was quite pleasantly surprised. The phone arrived in pristine conditionworked right out of the box, and arrived just two days after I placed the order.While I'm not as familiar with the OS of an android phone, I have foundthat it has a large range of customization, and comes with all the apps I've come to expectfrom any smart phone. (GPS, Pandora Radio, voice search internet, Google Maps, Netflix, exc)Futher-more three things really seem to make this phone stand out on its own.First the phone can be used completely using its touchscreen but also has the added bonus of having a sliding keyboard, quite useful when writing out longer emails, or text messages.Second the phone is quite light, seems well built, and doesn't look too bad either.Third: The speakers on this phone are quite impressive, well enough that you really don't have to use headphones unless yourstudying and have to be quiet.-Sincerely a Happy CustomerSeriously no need to look further

the full keyboards great voice to talk is awesome unfortunately the service on this phone seems to be a little bit on the iffy side even while sitting right next to somebody else with another sprint phone with perfect service signal strength is not that great. works wonderfully on 4G. 3G however not so great also wifi questionable at times. all together good phone possibly not the best network.

Phone works great and is in awesome shape! Got here fast, came to me from california all the way to florida in 2 days!

It was the worst experience. I'd rather have no phone. It's not even worth what i paid for it. It freezes all the time. It powers off during my phone calls. I have to press a button five or six times for it to actually work! It is just awful!!!!

Said the phone was new but it is not new!!! It has a great big gash on the back cover of the phone. You can definitely tell it has been used!!!!

I chose to purchase a replacement phone from Amazon because I felt that I could trust it better than other sites or dealing directly with private sellers. The phone was described as being in "good" condition. The product exceeded my expectations. It arrived on time and in great condition. I LOVE my EPIC!!!! I would definitely recommend this product and this site to anyone in need of a replacement cell phone.

When I got this phone in July of 2012 after switching from my Transform Ultra, I was excited to get the phone, It has 4g capabilities, HD video camera and etc. Then I realized my phone had less memory than my transform ultra. The Epic has 441mb of memory and the transform ultra had 952mb. I had to move EVERY app that can be moved to an sd card to the sd card to save memory. It was advertised that the Epic had 1gb of memory but I'm guessing that's including bloatware. A few months after receiving my phone, the phone started to freeze/lock up on its own. When it freezes I am not able to receive ANY text messages or calls. They will never come in even if I take the battery out and restart the phone. So If I'm texting someone and the phone freezes I will have to be quick to take the battery out and restart it so I won't miss an important message/phone call. And just recently When my phone is on standby I tend to loose a signal, the wifi and the 3g symbol will be up at the same time causing my phone's battery life to get worse. I sometimes have to check and see if my wifi is on and it is while the 3g is still up and its on. I rarely use the 4g because the 4g kills my battery life. And now the phone is starting to become very slow. I am counting the days until November when I can get an upgrade for a phone way better than this POS.

Phone broke about 2 months after I had it.. Power button which also works as phone unlock broke unfixable mico computer soder thing

We needed a replacement phone, and this one by far has been the best phone we have purchased ! Everything works great and havnt had any problems w/ it. Would purchase again, and again, and again. if I had to :-) !!

The product that was received was in great condition as promised. Phone works great, and no damage can be reported about it! Very satisfied with the phone and would recommend this buyer!

decent phone, likes to stall sometimes and needs to be restarted. Had problems downloading apps, and just like any other phone, the batter life absolutely sucks. fully charged by 6am, 5% battery by 1230pm? that's not right.

It worked okay for the first few weeks, slow and inconsistent at times, but it functioned. I have downloaded only a few apps and now it will not stay connected to the wi-fi, the internet doesn't work (several browsers), apps that require internet do not work, dozens of duplicate messages will come in so the phone goes off every couple minutes, it freezes, settings will pop up randomly, apps will quit and other random surprises that happen all the time. Overall, it's a complete nightmare.

I love my phone..... but the only bad thing about it, was the charger that was sent with it didn't work for this phone but it worked for other phones. But that's not a big deal... I wasn't buying the charger I was buying the phone. And I'm more than satisfied.

As usual Samsung created a great product, The android software is smooth and the screen is amoled and vibrant. The physical keyboard slides out and makes it really easy to type.

This phone is great. However, the battery does not last long and you can't have separate tones for your text messages. These are the things I do not like about the phone. Otherwise, it is a great phone. I love the keyboard. It makes it easy to type out messages.

Its alright for a refurbished phone. Kinda slow but that's what I expected for an older model. Not a bad phone by any means.

The product was not brand new. There was dust all over the product when I opened it and there were knicks and dents in it.

i cant talk on mine for 6 hrs... i mean NEVER!  when it was 'newer' didnt have problems... now, it freezes on a regular basis.  new trick of the month, it will reboot on it's own... yea, i think i am due for an upgrade or the phone needs to visit a priest for an exorcism.

Nothing about the phone feels cheap which is what I love most about it!Pros: Oil-resistant touchscreen makes it a LOT easier to clean fingerprints off than on other phones I've had. There's a little micro-USB protector door that slides over the USB slot so it's not constantly open when you're not using it. That feels much better than a little plug for it! When you slide it open, it snaps open around halfway through the push. It just feels high quality and I really love that! It comes with a 16 GB microSD card!!! I LOVE THAT SO MUCH. I am too cheap to upgrade the 2Gb card that comes with every other phone I've had! It came with pretty good quality headphones (they went through the wash cycle and STILL WORK!!).Cons: Once a week or so, it freezes and I have to take out the battery to restart it. It doesn't receive FM Radio signals like my HTC Evo Shift... which isn't really that huge of a deal, but I really want to listen to christmas music at work and no one else wants to! I don't have a wifi/4G connection in the building and I don't want to download a bunch of christmas music to my phone for 3 weeks. The keyboard sometimes doesn't register that I hit a key if I hit it too soon after hitting another key, or if I hit it twice quickly (like for Fn/Shift lock).Problems with Android OS I suppose: Why the fudge does my 4G turn itself back on 30 seconds after I turn it off?? I genuinely want to know. I don't want 4G draining battery while I'm at work but I have to turn it off at least 5 times in order for it to stay off!!The goods definitely outweigh the bads. I EFFING LOVE THIS PHONE. It's fast and easy to use and makes life worth living.

There is slight damage to the phone, which causes the phones to buzz and will not allow you to shut if off. You have to take the battery out to stop it.

I've had this phone for quite some time, and I'm due for an upgrade in April, but I can't imagine what I would upgrade to, I like this phone that much.  The smartphone capabilities, the sturdiness (I have dropped this phone numerous times, there is not one scratch on it), the keyboard, which all the newer android phones seem to be phasing out, the beautiful screen, the great camera, the GPS, the great apps... I could go on and on.As for upgrading systems, I've smoothly upgraded from Android 2.1 to 2.2, and then eventually to 2.3 with no glitches whatsoever.  I suppose this is because I waited to purchase my phone and so all the upgrade kinks got ironed out by then.Anyway, I guess it should be noted that the battery life is nowhere near that of, say, a Blackberry, but with a touchscreen phone, you already know that going in. I'm not a big gamer or anything. I mostly watch videos and browse the internet so its fine for me.

Cost too much.  There are too many choices out there. ...look around...I returned and got a different carrier and package.

Phone works good, came in good condition except for one small screen defect in a corner that doesn't effect the phone use.  Came with charger in box as shown. Happy with purchase.

Within a month, the power button was nonoperational, and I couldn't turn the phone on. Luckily I had a insurance plan with my provider, and they got me a new one with no additional costs. otherwise, it is a nice phone.

I had an EVO and it was completely destroyed so I needed a quick replacement. I found a few but decided  on this Epic and I am glad I did. I ordered the phone on Thursday morning and I picked it up at the post office on Friday morning. Three minutes after opening the package I had the phone up and running. This phone is in pristine condition. Absolutely no scratches, cracks, or problems. I am happy I went with this vendor and I will use them again. I use Amazon for nearly everything and I have experience with many different sellers and this one I would highly recommend.

love this phone. i believe it is the best one on the market today. great graphics for a phone and 4G.

I'm really hard on phones and this one is great.  I just bought a second one (after countless drops and 3x in water the old one finally told me to take a hike).  The galaxy series is nice, but none of the new ones have an actual keyboard the way that the epic does.

good phone, easy to use. had it for a year then the charge port broke. very basic for someone just learning to use a smart phone

I bought the phone as a gift for someone else and they love it, it has many capabilities and features. 100% satisfied

I ordered my item, a Samsung Epic, on Friday, I received it this morning!! I am extremely please with both the product and the service.  My new phone is practically new and in excellent condition! I will, without a doubt order from this seller again and pass the word on how awesome they are!

The phone died. Had to get a new one already! Didn't have it for 1 month. I am not satisfied.

I am very happy with my purchase. I received it in a timely fashion and so far it works great.

I order my phone Friday morning got in Monday afternoon shipping was very fast i love the phone i got a used one 138.00 u cant bet that its looks brand new works brand new if i will have to buy the phone again i will & yes i will recommend it to anyone.! (( :

This phone freezes up atleast once a day. You have to take out the battery and wait a couple minutes then turn the phone on again. After having two of these phones do the same thing I believe its just the phone.

It's a great phone 4 the price I paid, I bought it used for less than $75, and it was worth every dollar. My only complaint would b that the screen isn't very sensitive, but that's ok. It's a good starter phone for someone who only occasionally uses it for social networking and/or internet browsing. If your looking for something to manage all social networks, emails,  personal accounts, basically your daily life, you'd be better of going with something more current with more memory and a bigger screen. But overall I'm very happy and satisfied with this purchase.

Because this phone is that bad. I'm pretty apathetic about electronics, but his phone and/or seller are horrible. You cannot: make a phone call or use the internet without major glitches including dropped calls, loss of power, completely software freeze, download anything of value ever, think that you can play music on it for more than 30 minutes without a loss of battery life, use it as a phone, use it a a vehicle for sending texts. It even made a horrible coaster. I was trying to save money by purchasing online because my last phone was stolen and Sprint charges out the nose for phones without contracts. If I could give zero stars, I would. I give this phone and/or seller no cakes on their birthday, no presents at Christmas, no bless yous when they sneeze and no hellos in the morning. Ok, back to my offline life...

I love this phone i played aroubd with my friends and the phone is great i just got mine and i love it so much!!!!! Really you should buy this phone No joke!!!!

I chose this phone because it was the same phone I had. The shipping was on time, the problem arose when I tried to get the phone activated. It would not connect to the sprint network. I ended up taking it to the sprint store to have them do it. They were not able to fix the problem either...my boyfriend asked them if they could take it apart to find the problem. Good thing they did, if not I would have had to send phone back. The problem was not antenna or amplifier in phone! They took the missing parts out of my old phone and that fixed phone. It now works perfectly! I just love this phone.

It arrived in a few days and it is practically new besides one scratch at the bottom of the phone(barely noticeable), and it works like new.

the phone is keep freezing all the time... I think it is because refurbished if i run more then 4 apps and once, then the phone will be froze or you have the take out the bettery to restart the phone... don't get refurbished phone.

Samsung Epic 4G is a pretty awesome phone. I used to have a HTC Evo 4G and I prefer this phone. Not only is it cheaper than the $100 I would of had to pay to file an insurance claim with sprint but it comes with a full keyboard, a way better camera, and relatively easy interface.

This phone was ok. On occassion it would freeze or turn off on its own. Decided to purchase an iphone 4 instead.

My phone just happen to get stolen at an amusement park and I was in need of a good, reasonably priced, non-dinosaur phone. I found this one on Amazon for just $58 and it works perfectly! Keep in mind, if thinking of this as a replacement phone, it will be a little more sluggish than your phone you did have.

the back button is kinda messed up. i have to press very hard to get it to go back but the phone is in good shape

Rec'd quickly and overall condition is good.  But, I have to constantly remove the battery in order for the on button to work.

True, my needs are not as sophisticated as others. I still prefer to use an actual computer with a human size monitor and keyboard for actual work. I relegate my phone for calls, texts, solitaire and the occasional browse. This phone really fits the bill.Size: A bit bigger than my hand can hold, so a second hand is always a must, even for simply dialing a number. I just moved up to the Samsung from a Kyocera Rise (whose size I really liked). If you're like me and hang on to your flip phone as long as possible then you will miss the convenience of the one hand open-flip-speed-dial maneuver.Screen: the screen is a great size and has good resolution and a good display. As with most screens, it is tough to see in daylight and with glare.Performance: it has its occasional sluggishness and hesitations as I have come to expect from smart phones. Not too bad but sometimes it doesn't respond in time when I try to answer an incoming call. I have no idea what it's doing or why it can't just answer the call.Software: lots of bloatware on the phone-- games and stuff that I will never use that came pre-installed and that you cannot uninstall. I have no idea what they're really doing, or how much of my data they are reading. Things like NASCAR, Amazon MP3, and of course the dozens of little Googlettes (Google apps) that I will likely never use. They all take up memory, and memory means battery power. And, this is Android, so a Google account is mandatory if you want to get any apps.Overall: Good phone, some minor annoyances, decent size.

The first item came and appeared to be in great condition, but didn't charge, so the seller replaced it, and then the second item that arrived was was not in the best condition, and both items did not have the stock battery in them.  The second phone had chips in the silver around the edge from being dropped by the previous owner, and the screen had some scratches.  I have tried to deal with it because I was tired of sending stuff back, but in all honesty the phone locks up at least once a week, and I have to remove the battery to stop it. I have come to the conclusion that I should never try to buy a used item like this sight unseen.  I have found a store in my area that sells used phones, and have purchased one so far with far with better luck than this purchase.  I was able to sort through over 10 used phones to find the phone that appeared to be dropped the least amount of times, and exhibited normal wear.  All I expected was to be able to buy a phone in as good of condition as my previous phone I had owned for two years.  I think after this experience I am very shocked how often people drop their phones. Needless to say I will pawn this phone off on one of my kids soon and let them deal with it.

My daughter broke my Epic phone and i replaced it with the same exact one. The phone works good for me. I always use the GPS from my phone,it takes beatiful pictures and the apps and games are awesome. Nice phone, will recommend it to anyone.

First smart phone, so I'm not the best judge of things. the product that arrived was in decent shape, a little scuffed and the like but the screen was perfectly fine. I miss the cheap brick phones, but this paired with a new plan surprisingly came out cheaper for me than my previous prepaid brick phone getup.Can't say this has really changed my life, since all I really do is dick around with apps and obsessively lurk around online. Only difference is now I can waste my time online all over the place without having to take out my laptop or visit a library, so I guess that's kinda cool.But yeah, decent phone, decent quality for being used. You do have to buy a micro SD card if you intend to use your phone for pretty much anything; I didn't realize this when I first got it, so I was somewhat disappoint.

By potential I refer to the fact that you can install Cyanogenmod 10 on it. The stock rom is not so great but I bought it because of how much support it has from the Android custom rom community.

Worked great with Sprint.  Son broke his nice phone & it was cheaper to buy this one then go through insurance or use if you don't have insurance, but still have a contract.

This phone is awful. After a while everytime you use internet or call someone your phone will go from 4 bars to none and the call won't complete. Also it freezes and the touch screen spases out all the time, the battery life sucks and it is a slow piece of junk.I WOULD NOT EVER RECCOMEND ANYONE BUY THIS PHONE. EVERYONE I KNOW THAT HAS HAD IT FOR MORE THAN 6MONTHS HATES IT!!!

Came quickly and was able to add to my account easily. It looked like a new phone although it was used and the rating said &#34;GOOD&#34; condition. Only one small mark on the casing that you can hardly see. It is not as fast as the new Androids on the market, but a great replacement phone until I can get a new one. This was a replacement phone for my son and so far he loves it. It was reasonably priced. I would recommend this seller to anyone who needs a used phone. This is my second phone I have purchased from them and both experiences have been positive.

I've only been using the phone for a few days and it has already started freezing. I have to take out the battery to re-start. This should not be happening with a new phone. I am returning the phone.

The prices was hefty, expected, smartphone.  However, the product did not come as described, new.  Visibly used!  It had to be returned and there was much energy expanded to get a full return.

phone is ok but it turns on and off by itself it was not a phone that can be used for a long period of time i guess

When I received the phone, the top sliding part (the screen) was loose - I didn't think anything of it. But as such a short amount of time has gone by, the screen sliding part has completely broken away from the keyboard, and the picture is messed up (colors are askew/flashes different colors). Also, the charge port did not work properly from the moment I received the phone and tried charging it; I had to get an external wall charger for the battery.

I have had this phone since August of 2011. I just ordred a new one because my got crushed crossing the street. I ugraded my phone to Andriod Jelly Bean. People forget that this phone used to be phone of the year. This is the last breed with a querty keyboard, a tool that I'm not ready to give up yet because it's so convient. The size is great considring that now all phones are becoming so huge. If you want a phone to call, text, and check your email this is your phone. 5 stars.

I loved my Epic so much - decent battery life for an Android phone, fast, nice screen, like the keyboard. Then I dropped it in the toilet, and, because I thought I purchased phone insurance but somehow didn't, was left to use my 3-year old Sanyo SCP-2700 (which is fine, but it's not my Epic). This was a good price, so I bought it. Shipped quickly, no problems, but I couldn't activate it. Why, you ask? BECAUSE IT WAS LISTED AS STOLEN. I got all my money back and I didn't have to pay for shipping, but that's probably something that should be checked before an item is put up for sale. Just saying.

I bought the Samsung Epic from the Amazon Warehouse, it came super speedy and even though I bought a used phone the condition of the phone was amazing. (It literally looked brand new, no scratches or chips AT ALL.) & The phone works smoothly too, no glitches so far.(hopefully there won't be any at all.lol) Oh, and I bought this phone because I've had two friends who've had it and it worked wonderfully for them, they actually miss theirs.(One dropped her phone in water and the other lost hers.) But yep, for the most past GET THIS PHONE, you won't regret it.

PHONE IS ABSOLUTELY NEW NOT REFURBISHED IT LOOKED BETTER THAN MY FIRST EPIC 4G THANK YOU I PREFER THIS PHONE BECAUSE OF THE QWERTY THANKS

When i tried to activate this phone it came up as stolen. Do not buy these stolen phones amazon should be sued for this

The phone is glitchy and hard to use but doesn't drop calls and sends texts fine. Camera quality is decent and takes clear pictures.

Love it. Received on time and haven't had a problem with this device... so far... It was like new. No scratches and no damage

I really love this phone because it has the keyboard and thats why i got this to replace the one i broke instead of upgrading. i would love it but it is glitchy at times. not bad enough to consider a new phone though.
