
I would not recommend this phone. First, the phone is hard to hold on to when using with the slippery cover on the back. Second, set-up has a very non-user-friendly way of answering the phone, texting, etc. Third, the speaker is almost impossible to hear on. Fourth, the touch-screen is ridiculous to use-  too sensitive as the phone jumps to different screens as your finger just passes over the screen, which is a pain to just keep going back or starting over to get back to where you wanted to be. Fifth, the calendar does not save any of my events. Sixth, my time zone is EST and the phone wants to keep switching to MST- another pain to reset. Seventh, the keyboard is too big and keys have to be depressed with more pressure which makes typing harder. Eighth, the battery takes a very long time/seems like forever to charge and does not last throughout the day with not too much use either, so take a charger with you. Ninth, the slider keyboard is difficult for me to use as the phone is hard to hold with bigger size, slippery back design, and top heavy when open. Tenth, purchase cost is too expensive for what appears to be a flimsy design and craftsmanship.

It's nice but it has it's issues. It freezes and sometimes You can not connect to the internet, it is an ok buy

This phone is a nice cheap android. It works well but the battery life is not very strong. It has to be charged everyday. Apart from that, the phone is worth having. I enjoy having it.

I love the cell, and I got it for a great price, you have the touchscreen and the actually keyboard

Wanted keyboard function for texting, but speech-to-type of this Android made it unnessary for most purposes after a while of training it.  Have since switched providers, so now use this phone with wifi only (mostly connects receiver with Pandora).

this phone is everything that was described and more i love this phone and the deal that came with it

Ok, I don't do reviews very often but I HAD to warn people about this device. Ok, so I purchased the Transform Ultra a few days ago. I plan on returning it as soon as I can find a place that sells the Warp. Unless I can't, then I'll have to return the phone and be out the 55.00 I paid for the plan. The Transform Ultra has two major (to me) flaws that make this thing terrible, almost completely useless and certainly not worth the 230.00 I paid for it. The first being the touch screen. It's awful. You try to drag a widget from one screen to the next it'll take you 5 minutes because the screen doesn't recognize what you're doing. The widget drops constantly when you're trying to drag it around and of course your finger is still on it when it drops so it opens up the program sometimes two or three screens deep, which you then have to back out of. You can't scroll in the browser either. Well you can but it's ridiculously frustrating. If you're scrolling through, say a list of items at Amazon, when you're brushing your finger down the screen to scroll, it will constantly click on items in the list, forcing you to have to back out all the time. Not to mention the zoom in and zoom out features have a tendency to work at what seems like random. You swipe to scroll down and the screen zooms out.Now, let's talk about the sliding qwerty. It's terrible as well. The buttons are barely raised up so it's incredibly difficult to feel which buttons you are actually pushing which wouldn't be so bad if not for the space bar. Good grief! I don't know who thought it was a good idea to make the space bar longer than necessary and then put two buttons at each end of the bar. Now you've got this sloping gap between the two buttons which is the perfect place for your thump to keep landing in (like a pot hole), which of course makes it impossible to tell if you've actually hit the space bar to begin with. What's worse is that space between the two buttons is flush with the buttons above it! That's right, so you might end up hitting the space bar but then again you also might be hitting the keys in the row above it and sometimes you're not even activating the space bar when you thought you did! Nope. Instead you're just hitting the buttons in the row above the space bar. This happened to me on numerous occasions. In fact I found myself using the touch screen qwerty instead of the sliding one which completely defeats the purpose of having one at all. I mean these issues are mentioned everywhere by actual users yet it's still getting fantastic reviews from phone critics, most of them not even mentioning these two big problems, which to me is almost like lying about the product but then apparently many of them do get paid to sing praises about some of the items they are reviewing. Honestly how can such a quick phone internally and such an attractive looking phone, on the outside, have such shoddy qwerty design and screen hardware? Or maybe it's a screen software issue. Either way it's a huge issue.This phone certainly looks awesome to me, and it would be almost perfect if not for those two, rather major problems. Oh by the way one other small problem I had with this phone was the back cover. It looks nice and feels nice to me in my hands but when I would try to slide open the qwerty board to do a text, my fingers kept slipping over the phone instead of gripping the surface so even sliding the phone open was frustrating at times. I think that had they rubberized the back it would of solved this issue completely. Yeah it annoys me when people mention these little problems and I thought they were just being nit picky but I had never experienced the issue until I got this phone. Now I see what people were talking about and honestly if this were the only problem this phone would be awesome.All I can say is for those who are happy with the phone, who don't mind these flaws, and apparently these flaws are universal and not just random. I mean I've seen user reviews from people who have mentioned these flaws but are ok with them being there and then turn around and say the phone is near perfect (giving it 4 and 5 stars). Anyway for those who are happy with this phone, I'm happy for you but anyone interested in purchasing it, really do your research. This phone isn't nearly as great as the ratings seem to suggest. Check out sites that post reviews from actual users of this phone. People who actually paid for this device out of pocket. Check out videos of people using the phone. There are videos of people pointing out on the actual device the issues that I am mentioning here. See them for yourself, then make an informed decision. As a person who has paid for this phone out of pocket and has had a chance to use it, I can not recommend it.The biggest reason I bought this phone was because I wanted a phone with a sliding qwerty. This one has one, but it's horrible thus making it pointless to have gone with this phone. The other reason I bought this phone was because it's fast and it looks nice. What's the point of a fast phone when the screen makes it near impossible to navigate in the browser or even use an app that requires you to click and drag? I mean you can forget about any kind of decent gaming on this phone, although I will admit, Angry Birds ran perfectly, graphics wise, and I barely had any screen touch issues although I did have some. Sometimes the birds would get released prematurely because the screen couldn't recognize the dragging motion. What good is a good looking phone if it's component parts make it a pain to use? My two biggest reasons for choosing this phone over something else, just flew right out the window (like an Angry Bird;-). The reason I gave this phone 2 stars instead of one is because, the over all build quality is nice and it does load pages quickly. It's just a pain trying to navigate those pages because the screen is so bad. So is the phone complete crap? No, but for me, the bads significantly outweighed the goods. For those considering getting this phone, all I can say is, don't do it. However, if you opt to see for yourself (nothing wrong with that, it's always good to base your decisions on your own experiences instead of someone elses) good luck with that decision!

FANTASTIC!!!! It's everthing that I wanted in a smart phone and more.  I am new to this smart phone world and even I have been able to figure it out and work it with ease.  I would recommend this product to everyone.

I love having a new phone however i think it's having issues but it could have been the operator which is pretty funny cause it's me.

To enjoy this phone more, order a bigger sd card. I think most phones only come with 2mb ;( and they have a great holster cover thing for this phone! I luvz it! I will keep this phone till a better version of it shows up in the market. I prefer the this kind of phone cause I can switch between auto & manual makes it easier to type many things online, etc. I have had the bigger newer phones, but the typing of messages still suck on those!

I Got This Phone For Me.. It Was Nice And I Love It.. Have Had It For About 7 Months And Works Great I Would Recommend It

My wife and I still have an AT&T; contract which continues on till September, 2012.I checked out the Samsung Transform Ultra in store, plus my brother in law managed to buy one from a Boost store recently.I must admit that I am VERY impressed with this device, and we plan to join Boost and purchase two of these Samsungs as soon as our contract with AT&T; concludes.I tried out my brother in law's phone, took some pix, tried out the front facing cam and while not the greatest quality in resolution it's apparent that it more than suits our needs, especially with flash which helps somewhat in shooting indoors.My one question, though...Does anyone have any idea how long before one's contract lapses with AT&T; can we terminate service?Must we wait until September for our current contract to finish, without incurring that dreadful termination fee?Anyone have the 4-1-1?I sure would appreciate any info or advice concerning this matter, if possible.Take a moment to reply, please.Many thanx...Happy Holidays!Peace!!&lt;-AladdinSane-ps: we currently have AT&T;'s version of the HTC Aria, each, and while it IS superior in it's picture taking quality the phone itself is nice...but NO superstar (if you get my drift).

jjust got this on wednesday, and i have to say this is the best boost phone ive had by far. I upgraded from the Galaxy Prevail simply because i needed to have a keyboard when i type. the keys on the ultra were a little small at first, but i got used to it after 2 days. it is so much faster than the prevail, and also to mention that the ultra has a front camera so skyping on the phone is available. I 5 star recommend it.

It shuts off every time I hit the menu key..if I hit the back button it goes to google search and then bring up smiley face menu. the only way to recover is to hit the home key. I sent it back to Samsung twice (so you are two weeks without a phone) and two to three days later it does it again. I am sorry I ever bought this piece of crap. Samsung service sucks , they act like its your fault their phone is crap. I WILL NEVER BUY A SAMSUNG PRODUCT AGAIN.

Great price on a phone I could have paid double for elsewhwere!  All three of us in my family have this phone.

This is my second phone, when i say second I mean second time i ordered this specific phone. My first one had an unfortunate incident with gravity and concrete. It only took three days to arrive and arrived in perfect condition.

I've had it for nearly a year and this phone is great, I had so much fun with it, it's fast, easy to use, and has a great slide out keyboard, unfortunately just recently my phone cracked but it had great durability because it still works after cracking, and I've dropped the phone more than 30 times, so it did well for me.

I bought this phone because it was cheap and I wanted to evaluate how well an Android phone could be used as a dedicated IP security camera.  I've had it sitting in a corner running an app called IP Webcam for weeks and it just works.  It doesn't freeze up and reboot itself like many Android phones do on a regular basis.  I also tried putting it in a window to use as a weather cam, but when the full force of the sun shines on it, it heats up and the battery refuses to charge.  This didn't seem to cause any permanent damage, as it has been running just fine since then.That said, the phone is certainly not high end.  It is not unlike a high end phone from several years ago.  The screen is low resolution by today's standards, and the camera really can't compete with more expensive phones.  The CPU isn't very fast either.  But non of these shortcomings really cripple the device.  It is still a very usable (and reliable) Android phone.  I would definitely recommend this phone to someone who would like to try a smart phone but doesn't have a lot to spend.

I bought this phone for a friend but I have the same one The main thing wrong with this phone the battery does not hold a charge it freeze's up and I have to pull out the battery and put it back in

I love the phone. It is my first smartphone and I am still trying to learn the phone, but it is wonderful. I'm so glad I got it. Buying it through Amazon at such a great price i would have never been able to buy it through Boost. Thanks for such a great phone.

I bought this phone for the keyboard!! I have had no problems with it at all!! It is a great little smartphone!!

I got the samsung transform ultra for christmas and I love everything about my phone it sounds better then the other top phones i have had and everything about it is better then the top phones i have had with sprint and t-mobile. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone I was worried about it buying after I the reviews i read but decided to go with my gut feelings and I love it I haven't had any problems with my phone like others have complained about just wanted to let others know.

I was and still am impressed with this phone.. Got it for my bf on christmas and he has beat it up and dropped it tunz and the only problems he has had is that the slider now overslides just a little so sometimes the cover comes off. Also it (like all smart-phones vs basic cell phones) takes alot of battery, so the charge dont last a real long time. I have a Samsung my-touch and I feel that his phone is compairable, except the price. He loves it and says the more he knows it the more he loves it, so I am happy. The functions are pretty close to mine so its easy to show him much easier.

Good phone but battery life is not great. But to be fair I play too many games that suck the life out of the battery. I have to keep it plugged in.

I can't understand (well, I can but ...) why this phone coverage was more than adequate in my city (south of Pittsburgh) until recently (I've had the phone for a year now).  Now certain places inside my home are all of a sudden dead zones.  I can turn my body from one direction to the other and lose the signal.I get it that Boost is only giving me SOME of the coverage is has available, but geez --- just because I'm almost to the $45.00/month level of payment, are they going to trim my coverage area more and more?  I used to be able to depend on Boost at least in my hometown, and certainly in my house.  No more, and I can't have that.I do NOT recommend this phone, or ANY phone, with Boost Mobile service.  That said, the phone is fine and as my first android, I've been happy with it.  If only I could use it with another carrier...

***UPDATE AUGUST 2012, TOUCHSCREEN ISSUES PATCH/FIXED ******UPDATE AUGUST 2012, TOUCHSCREEN ISSUES PATCH/FIXED ***Great things about this phone1. the shrinkage plan (if you really like the phone, personally I do)2. the speed and quickness of the phone apps. stable OS, rarely crashes. DOWNLOAD ADVANCED TASK KILLER.3. android market is the best market for browsing apps.4. The visuals and audio's are both good. the music app is great.5. The slide-out keyboard is really amazing man! It lights up too.This is a great phone for me because it can hold my music (I bought 16gb micro SD separate). Also, remember to download Advanced Task Killer, incase any of your applications freeze.flaws - The slick feel of the phone in the back can lead to dropping the phone. before i bought a case, it happened to me atleast a few times.The battery life is average I guess. Wi-Fi uses the most juice. Use sparingly.Great phone - so far.

Except this phone is great. A gb of internal space is alot for so cheap when most phones around $80 (what I got it for at the time) have 200 &#62; mb's of internal space. And alot of apps wont move to your sd card so you're kinda outta luck. But with this phone, not so much. It's fast (not $900 phone fast but still fast) and it's got a qwerty board which is a WIN for me. front facing camera && back makes me so happy. I love this phone. It's really great until I'm ready to shell out more money for something like a 32gb droid :)

I like the phone, the slide is a plus. I like that it has a keyboard and that its a touch screen. Overall quality good

i'v had this phone sence dec. 31, 2012. and now it doesn't charge, it charges about have way thenit just doesn't carge anymore.and amazne is telling me i can't exchange it.

but it works for me!! i love my phone. its tough cuz lord knows i done dropped it enough and it still works like a dream

I've had the Samsung Transform Ultra for a few days and I'm pretty pleased with the phone. I ordered it through the Boost Mobile website because it was 30% off. It has and does just about everything my boyfriend's expensive at&t android does and fairly quickly. I like the size, not too big and not too small. I've had no issues with glitches so far and I really love having a physical keyboard again. I'm also impressed with Boost Mobile's service and the ease of setting up my account and activating my phone. The phone and service are pretty good quality for the price. I just ended four years with verizon because I was tired of paying $70 a month for 450 minutes and texting. Really good if you want more for your money and want to save some money.

I had boost before. So i knew what i was buying. It is a good phone For beginners without paying to much money on the phone. She really liked it.

Price was just right.  Item as described.  Enjoy the keyboard quality, as my fingers are too big for touch.  Would order again!

Don't compare this to the S4. It's awesome for a smaller phone that still has a real keyboard. Just don't throw it. The screen will NOT like it. Ask me how I know :)

Got this phone for $59 and I can say it was the best deal i have ever had. I use this phone for WiFi use only, because i already have a Verizon phone. This phone gets the job done very well and is impressively fast. The overall performance was great. Though there is on flaw, which is that the touch gets a little confused sometimes, but it doesn't bother me very much. So overall it was worth every penny.

I bought this phone about a year ago and have loved it since I got it. I'm getting ready for an upgrade but this phone is great. I've never had issues with the touchscreen like people claim to have and I love the option of being able to take photos from the back and front of the phone. The camera works well and my photos always turn out good. It barely every glitches and its quick to touch response. Love this phone.

Before this, I had a phone with a slide out keyboard only because I'd tried the iphone and always mistyped on the touchscreen keyboard. So when I wanted to upgrade my phone, I opted for one with a touchscreen AND a slide out keyboard in case I hated the touchscreen one.I was so pleasantly surprised at how accurate this touchscreen keyboard is! And I love how fast I can type using swype (you slide your finger from letter to letter without lifting it off the keyboard to spell words). I almost never use the slide out keyboard now. It also has a microphone button so you can talk and it will type for you and it's very accurate! I'm very impressed with samsung!I only wish the battery lasted longer. If you're using the internet a lot, it will run down the battery before the day is over. If not, it will last all day.

I bought one of these for myself and one for my fianc&eacute;. We LOVE these phones, they do everything we need and more!We've dropped our phones by mistake and they haven't broke. They get really good service and are actually really fun to mess around with. You can watch videos, listen to music, play games, text people, Use GPS to find where you are going and more!Thank you!

I must say, that this must be one of boost mobile most reliable phone I've owned.Work's a advertised and more.

EXCELLENT PHONE FOR BEGINNER'S THAT'S NOT USE TO THE TOUCH....EXCELLENT CAMERA.  BAD BAD BATTERY LIFE.  GREAT PHONE FOR UNDER HUNDRED DOLLARS.  AWESOME NAVIGATION....HAD THIS PHONE FOR A YEAR.~I RECOMMEND THIS PHONE~

As it shows it is new and in the box, and It must be covered under the warranty for a full year as factory warranty. so far, nor problems with it.Thank you,

this is a great slider that boost has.. i have had sprint for over 5 years and finally decided to make a change because of the high bills. so far so good... very sturdy.

This is the first droid phone I've ever had.  Easy to use. Very nice phone. Our signal is weak, at home, but it still works just fine.

I had read all the reviews prior to purchasing & was a little hesitant to order. But, the price was too good so I gave in. I love the phone, I've had no problems with the touchscreen, apps, Internet speed, or anything else. The only thing I will say is the battery does drain kinda fast. But it lasts me all day after talking, texting, & using apps. I just have to plug it in at night. The battery is nowhere near as bad as others have claimed. Overall, I paid a great price for a phone that offers the same features as other smartphones that cost hundreds of dollars. I also want to add that the camera is excellent! I was very pleasantly surprised; the photos come out clear & crisp, not grainy. In the past, I've avoided using the cameras on my other phones because the quality was horrible, not this phone! I take pictures all the time! I'd say it's one of the best features this phone offers.

I love everything about this phone! Space bar is weird on the keyboard, but I rarely use it. Should have gotten at the low price.

This Phone is awesome! I love it.It is my first smart phone, So I am not experienced with them, so from a beginners point of view. It takes no time to get used to at all....The problems with the screen being fidgety that I read about before purchasing, I do not really have.This is the first time I have actually used a touch screen keypad that is effortless. I do not have problems with it (I have used other friends phones and messed up EVERYWHERE) I like it.It has a slide out qwerty keyboard... for the night when you are too drunk to use the touch screen one, or if you just prefer to use it.Internet is quick, Many apps to choose from from the market, Free games... Free battery saver app (I am not sure that it works though... my battery seems to die QUICKLY) I still suggest you buy a back up battery or... I dunno, maybe two or 3... I will be buying a bigger memory chip, it is great to start off with.RINGTONES.... lets talk about that. You have to download a ringtone app (I got myxer.com for android being as I have been using Myxer for yrs for my ringtones) Then you manage your ringtones from there to give your contacts a unique ringtone. Have not figured out how to give my notification notices ringtones from the app... factory ones super cheesy.Ok whatelse... Oh you can send someone straight to voicemail... (Through the contact info... when ever someone calls that person will go straight to voicemail.)Great Camera on the backside, not so wonderful from the front. Flash on the back is BLINDING!I suggest you take this phone to a kiosk to get connected, that way you keep your milestones.GREAT PHONE With exception of the battery issue I recommend it!

The Samsung Transform Ultra is the worst of the Boost phones I have had. I have been a loyal Boost customer for five years. Their traditional cell phones were great, like the Sanyo Juno. They were good, durable, long lasting phones for talking and texting. The Transform Ultra was my first Android Smart phone. The battery life died after about 4 hours of streaming, playing music, and surfing the internet. It turns itself on and off, freezes, and takes grainy pictures. The sound quality is terrible. My friends can barely hear me and I can barely hear them. It doesn't alert me when I have a voice mail and it doesn't ring most of the time. But the biggest mistake I made was buying handset insurance. Boost Mobile told me that I would only have to pay a $25.00 fee to replace this phone if it was damaged. Then when I called their insurance company to file a claim to get another phone, the insurance company told me I would have to pay a $65.00 fee. The insurance company said that Boost always told their customers that the fee was $25.00 but that it had never been true. I was livid. I still have the crappy phone but I will be changing to another wireless carrier very soon. I hope that the $40.00 that Boost saved was worth losing a five year customer over. They also don't want to talk to you over the phone. They make their customers jump through all kinds of hoops just to have an agent call you back. Boost needs to get a clue. There are too many other prepaid/no contract wireless companies available now for them to be screwing over the customers they have. Buyer Beware.

This product is the most complex mobile device that I've had to date. It took me a few hours of reading the manual and playing with the phone to get it set-up the way I want it.  Now that I've got everything set-up, I'm quite happy with it. The calls are clear, the contacts and calendar sync with Google.  I've installed some useful apps.Issues: The phone beeps randomly, and I can't figure out why it's beeping at me, even after reading the manual. There are no new messages, the battery is full, etc.  The touchscreen doesn't work for typing; I always end up using the Qwerty.It has it's oddities, but I'm happy to have my contacts and calendar working in it and syncing with my PC.Update:I've been using this phone for about 4 months. It broke last week. It started turning itself off randomly.  It turns itself off during calls, while texting and even when it's just sitting there, so that if someone calls me, I don't know it. I talked to Samsung and they said that because I dropped the phone at one point, they cannot repair or replace it for free. I can no longer recommend this phone.  I don't think I'll be buying a Samsung phone again since they won't honor their warranty for something that's a pretty common occurrence.

Most of the phone was functional except the camera kept showing green lines in the picture and then pretty soon the camera wouldnt open. It would say camera cannot connect and ni had reset everything on my phone.

nice phone

i dont know if it is the service or if it is the phone but it sucks and i am sorry that i swiched from criket phones and service becuse this phone and service signal sucks really bad, and this is my second phone that i ordered and i am still experiencing dropped calls no internet conection and my phone will sometimes jjust kick me out and make me unlock it again while i am in the middle of doing something on my phone.

works great, bought for my mom. she luvin it. especially the hidden keyboard.which is great for her. good buy

Before I had the Samsung Prevail and it was great. However, I love the keyboard it allows for faster texting and less corrections. With an all touch phone i struggled more. The screen is bigger and the internet faster. Plus you can tango with other phones.

great phone have one simular i uprgradedit has the eartures i was looking for great storage space and sleek design

is fast, great screen, and physical keyword!the only problem is that the screen isn't responsive when you drag an icon from one place to another!other than that, great phone!Note: if you want to make the battery last 3 times more, just download the free app: "Data Enabler" and keep the internet off when you dont need it.LAST 3 TIMES MORE!!

I bought my husband this phone last year for Christmas.  This summer my son bought one.  I was watching Amazon to see if it was going to go on sale after my Verizon contract ran out.  It went on sale for $59.00.  I couldn't believe it.  I bought one for me and one for my other son.This phone is just as good as the iphone!  Only cheaper and no contract!  Love it!  Would recommend this phone.  I am having alot of fun playing with it.

This was my 2nd phone like this & I love it! I would want it to be a little larger but all in all I love this phone. The multi tasking & the pictures that come thru when taken are my favorites bout this phone.

I have had the iPhone for years and very much prefer it, but I no longer wanted a contract phone so my husband and I converted to Droid.  It takes some getting used to and there are features that are not available through Droid (like screen shot) that I really miss, but once I got used to it, I really do like this phone.  Its thicker than I would prefer, but not bad.  The touchscreen has never failed me and this phone has had very few glitches, all of which were resolved with a power cycle (restart).  I actually already had this phone for about 8 months and it fell from my pocket into some water when I bent over to pick something up.  Water and electronics don't mix, needless to say, so I tried using my husband's ZTE Warp.  His phone is SO glitchy and the swype feature is ridiculous (I would try swyping a 3-4 letter word and it would invariably auto select the most complex word that matched the swype pattern), whereas I have never had trouble with swype on this phone.  So, I bought a new Transform Ultra and am so happy to have this back.

It works great.  Just like my old one.  It is not too big nor too little.  I like the slide out keyboard.

i like the phone and even got my son one for christmas. i told co wokers and famiy where i got it from

I said cheap even if I payed it 59$. The point is that when I opened it I realized that the materials were so poor, and the qwerty keyboard wasn't as expected. Battery's poor as well.

Good product, it's been almost a year and it works like a champ. If only boost service was as good.

I chose this rating because I have the phone and I do recommend this for people to purchase and use.

I gave this phone a 1/5 stars because I dont get service where im at and this phone gets to be expensive

I love this phone, it has not given me any problems since day one. . . love the fact that it has two cameras, so I can Tango when ever or where ever . . .  the only problem is, there are not a lot of phone cases available for this type of phone.  . . .

This Phone is awesome!!! I don't play games on it, therefore I don't have that issue I've read about.  The touch sreen isn't as responsive as the Prevail or Zte but not a problem for me.  I watch streaming Fox 8 news on this phone, I have Netflix downloaded on it to watch movies and tv programs.  I only download apps I use, because they will eat up your battery..I just purchased a backup battery to swap out when the first one drains. The Phone charges pretty quick too..the slide out keyboard is great, I use it and the talk/text microphone a lot.  Also when I'm at home I use WiFi..which is super fast.  Boostmobile is awesome and has plans..you can't beat.

I gave it away as a gift.  The receiver says the phone is wonderful and she is very pleased with it.

i love it better then the phones ive had the andriod system is awesome and the phone itself fits the price. gonna keep for awhile sure of that.

This product is not top notch, but it all that i need.  So far I have no problem with it.  It surf the web well e-mail,weather, news...ect).

I started on Boost with a M930 and the first one went crazy (would not stop flashing junk on screen) in less that 6 months.  Due to the fact I had insured it, I got a second one (still had to pay $65.00 for replacement).  That phone lasted less than 6 months.  By the time I was just starting to get a break on Boost monthly charge, I was about to order a third M930.  I called and insisted they consider a different phone to replace a phone model that must have some manufacturing problems, but they said no. Rather than get a third junk phone I quit Boost and went with ATT and an iPhone.  Looking back at the original phone cost and the insurance I paid plus replacement cost I pain even with the insurance, I am sure I would have been better off with another carrier that offered the iPhone at a reduced cost, but on a monthly (no contract) plan.

Ordered my phone and got it within three days,was amazed at how fast it got shipped out!! Love the phone and the slide out key board.

The phone is great if you are not a smart phone expert, the looks of the phone is kind of old now, a little bulky and Gingerbread is not pretty good considering that Jelly Bean is now available, I'm sure there are better options for the same price, Boost mobile service is great but not the best.

Ive had this phone for about a month and ive had zero problems out of the phone.If you want to compare it to a high dollar (100+ a month plan) phone its going to fall pretty short with its basic resolution display and 3mp camera, but considering the monthly payment on boost mobile with no data limit this phone is pretty nice. Ive spent countless hours on it surfing the web, playing angry birds, texting, taking pictures and videos, so on and so forth... never had a single issue.The only limiting factor with the phone and boost mobile is the battery life of the phone, which you can drain with a few hours of heavy gaming or video playing... but thats the reality of most smart phones and heavy use, it is not a flaw of this phone per say.I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking to go with boost mobile, and the monthly payment makes the cost of the phone well worth it. Unlimited everything that eventually gets down to 40$ a month? yes please.

Love it so far, It works well enough for all the things I got it for. Plus i love the keyboard. It is a smart phone cam is good, you know if you want a phone to call and text and occasionally take pictures its a good phone.

user friendly. fast. great camera. all the features work great. i only had a slight problem with the touch screen while the phone was plugged in and charging.i am in love with this phone! have not put it down since i bought it.my only complaint is the ring tones and alerts are not loud enough. and the vibration is not strong enough. if the phone's in my pocket I don't feel it or hear it.

so got this phone on Nov.3rd after using it for a short while i started to notice the poor battery life not to mention oh wait lets do mention the horrible speaker quality. I was sadly disappointed with the overall performance of this phone, my galaxy prevail was ten thousand times better than this phone... bottom line kiddies if you want a key pad this is your only option with boost and don't get me wrong boosts service and customer support have been great for me, and my prevail; was the bomb! but transform is basally the same phone with a crappy speaker and keyboard also DON'T WORRY ABOUT THE GINGERBREAD THING ALL PREVAILS ARE BEING UPDATED TO THAT VERSION ANYWAY.... buy the prevail save some bucks unless you need a physical keyboard.

I love the features of this phone.  This is the second time i buy this model.  The previous one started giving me problems with screen flashing at 6 months.  I sent it to get fixed, it came back and a few months later, same issue.  Since it was out of warranty from Samsung i decided to buy another one.  Big MIstake!  I've had this new phone, same model, for less than 2 months, and it's starting to give me the same problem as the other phone.  Flashing screen, thinks it's being charged.  It's like if i was connecting and disconnecting from the charger every half a second.  It's going crazy.  So, I will be calling Samsung to get it fixed.  The good thing is that as long as the phone hasn't gotten wet or dropped, Samsung is good about fixing these phones for free.  The Samsung warranty is free for a year.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone, and i've learned my lesson not to buy this phone again.  By the way, my dad has the same model and it gave him the same problem....

got this phone for 79.00 from Amazon...coming off of a Boost Juno..this phone was way more than i expected!! I really enjoy having the 3G coverage..and I am in a remote area! Love the phone..camera could be a little better..but all in all ..very happy with my purchase!

Great smartphone at a great price! The only complaint is that the battery life is short.  I got the JuiceDefender app and the battery now lasts all day long.

I've had this phone for only 10 months and after a steady onslaught of problems it finally stopped working entirely today. It was cheaply made and came with a small crack on the casing when I ordered it which spread and left a hole in the side of the phone. In February the camera started to get green lines across the screen and then would force close every time you tried to take a picture. Since I got the phone the screen would occasionally go black for no reason or the phone would shut down in the middle of a call even when the battery was fully charged. Two days ago the Back button and the Refresh button only worked when the slider was pulled out. Next came the Home button. Today the touch screen stopped responding and the phone shuts down immediately after being turned on. The phone has a limited one year warranty but since there is damage to the outside of the phone (and I know they'd never believe me that they sent it to me with a crack) I'm positive they wouldn't send me a new phone. Also, if you send them a phone that doesn't meet their limited warranty requirements, Samsung will charge you for the repair, labor, and shipping. I had heard that Samsung made good quality products but after my experience with this phone, I will not be buying anymore Samsung products. This was my first smartphone and I must say I am very disappointed.

This is my moms first smartphone and overall she is happy with it.  I haven't heard her complain so I give it a 4 stars.

I purchased this phone for my son for Christmas last year. Thank God I bought it on Black Friday and got a good deal. My son used the phone for 6 weeks and was texting when he went to hit the send button and the screen completely shattered. When I saw it, I couldn't believe it. I went to the website to obtain an RMA to send the phone back and the website would not send my data to request an RMA but it ended up sending my email????  I then called Samsung only to be told by an out of country rep, that screens are not covered under the warranty. Unbelievable!I asked to speak to a supervisor and was told "not one available" so I asked to speak to an American rep and was told to call tomorrow but most likely I will get another India rep. I wrote to Samsung through their site by email as they do not give a physical address (gee I wonder why) to ask them to replace the screen and not charge the whopping $150.00 they want to fix it. What a racket this is. I do know one thing...this is the last Samsung phone I will buy.If the phone won't last, the least they can do is give a decent warranty.

DOES Boost mobile has the lowest prices and basically does the same thing as all of the other phone plans?  YES and NO.The plan uses the Sprint network, the problem is you have to buy the phones and they give you only tuned down phone options.  UNTIL NOW.This phone is not the fastest or the best in the market.  Now you can use all the features and pay the lower price.Phone  Good size, slider for fast typing, sensitive touch screen, normal battery life.Text  Easy to use and worksWeb  WAY FASTER than any other Boost PhoneSound Good  everything seems to be better quality than the Galaxy prevail.I put in a 16gb memory card and have every song from my ipod and some fun videos.NOPE it is not the iphone but,  you can cancel your plan anytime and sell your phone on Craigslist...Have some fun and keep cooking outdoors. Hope you like my review.... Chef Kurt  -FIshgriller approved

i just love this phone! perfect for my everyday needs. Im having no problems with it and for the price it was well worth it

I love this phone!! It has all the features I want and need, and buying it online saved me about 45 dollars. I would absolutely recommend this phone!! I pay a little more for Android service and insurance, but it's worth it!

I love  this phone its Great !!Boostmobile is great ! $40 dollars a monthunlimited everything  is good for me !

There are many things to like about the Samsung Transform Ultra. It is relatively fast, the slide out keyboard works well, and the screen looks nice. The one I am using has Android 2.3 on it and supports Flash.Unfortunately, the power adapter plug is fragile and once it wears out, the power supply can come disconnected easily. Also, the phone makes a loud beeping noise when it looses or regains a cellular connection, even if the phone isn't in use. I have been woken up in the middle of the night by a loud beep when the phone looses connection. Amazingly, the phone doesn't have an option to turn off this "feature".

first android phone but i have used smartphones for a while, well before the android, iphone craze.i bought this at best buy to try out using the daily plan and really expected better.regarding the phone itself, i was not impressed with the battery at all, it took 2-3 hrs just to charge and it would drain the same day with hardly any use. in fact, i set the alarm on it and there were times where the alarm never sounded because i would wake up to find the phone completely dead. what the heck is it doing, downloading, connecting to etc while im not using it? thats not right.also on one occasion it had turned itself off and i thought ok well again the battery died but then i tried turning it on and it said it had 20% battery still.i also agree with the person that reviewed who gave it a 1 star because of the touchy screen. i set the pattern lock on it which is where you drag your finger and make a pattern on the buttons to unlock the phone. well, what a pain in the you know what just to unlock it! i would have to try 3 or 4 times just to get it to unlock. i tried angry birds and the bird would go flying when i didnt even mean to let it go.regarding the boost service, well in the end what made me take it back was the spotty coverage. i have now tried phones for tmobile, qwest, sprint, and now boost and they just dont live up to their amazing coverage, we have service under the sea rant. i was at home and couldnt send a text msg at times because it couldnt even find a signal. apparently it wasnt just there, i could drive about a mile and finally get to a point where i had something decent like 2 or more bars. this is not the country, im talking in the city where on their coverage maps they show good coverage. yeah right!so, whats the point of having a 250 dollar phone if you cant even text, calls arent going to come in with poor signal etc. i am going to stick to cricket that has great service every where i go, all the time and still cheap.last but not least, the keyboard is not all that great. i like the bigger button idea and that they included commonly used things like the @, the .com on there for easy access but man, i had an htc touch pro that had like 10 more keys in the same area or smaller and i could still type well even though they were smaller keys. i feel some things were left out since they used such big keys and for some reason even though they made them so big, when i wanted to backspace i found myself constantly hitting the enter key instead of delete. made me mad, especially when they used so much space for the 4 arrow keys that didnt even need to be so big.trying to not make this any longer but want to add also that android security is a joke. i was in the market downloading apps and every single one wanted access to anything and everything. im talking an app to make your grocery list wanted my gps location, contact list, access to send this and that, why!??! thats absurd. never using android again. no wonder people's androids are getting hacked.

the phone was a gift for my son , fast shipment and the phone works great. my son really likes the apps on the phone

Easy to use, good price, first android ive owned an i love it,I could not have asked for anything more useful. between the internet use and the apps it makes everything much easier for me to do. the id packs give me everything i need to track my schedule and keep track of everything my kids and i need to do. the only con is the short life of the battery. i now need to keep my charge cable on me at all times.

This is my first prepaid phone and my first smartphone.  I have been pleased with my purchase.  The touchscreen works well.  The only reason I would not purchase this phone again is because I don't use the slide out keyboard as much as I thought that I would.  The swype app that android provides is great, as well as, the talk to text so I have not needed to use the keyboard.  It makes the phone a little heavier than I'd like since I run with my phone.  I'd recommend this to anyone who'd like to have a keyboard with their phone.

Its a great phone. Did exactly what i want and still meets my expectations. Phenominal on screen keyboard and spectacular slide out keyboard

The Samsung Transform Ultra is a mid range phone but it performs very well for it's price range. I bought mine for $120.00 during a black friday sale and have been using it since then. I am a large man, I am 6'5" and I weigh in at 290 lbs (just lost 13 pounds last month woot woot!) I chose this phone over the warp because it has a qwerty keyboard and I am glad that I did. I do NOT enjoy using the touch screen keyboard.. The Qwerty keyboard works just fine for me, I don't ever fat finger any extra keys. In short I am in love with this phone and in this phone has caused me to love android.From a modders perspective this phone has an active community. There are at the time of this writing 4 custom roms, an over clock kernel, a recovery tool based on clockwork mods and a one click root tool. Cyanogenmod 7 is in the works and Cyanogenmod 9 is being talked about and worked on by one enterprising individual. Let me say that in clearer terms... this phone will likely have an ice cream sandwich based rom built for it. I would recommend this phone to anyone and everyone because as I have mentioned I am smitten with it.AnTuTu Benchmark with no tweaks 3532Highest Performance for this device 4695 (cpu clocked at 2016 Mhz)Specs:Qwerty KeypadARMv7 1 Ghz cpuAdreno (TM) 205 gpu370mb ram1gb onboard memoryCons:It has a touch screen issue where if you stop your finger while dragging something it forgets your finger is there. This is well documented and seems to affect all phones of this model. The modding community is currently working on a fix for this.Phone battery length is short, however I feel this is a con across all smart phones. The drain comes primarily from radio usage, I can turn off wifi and 3g while I am using it for a game or an ebook and it will last much longer. A battery extender app is a MUST. I use juice defender ultimate and get 2x battery life through location based wifi activation and turning off network connectivity (wifi and 3g) while screen is off, it checks in every 30 minutes for facebook updates etc. Heavy users should expect to charge this phone twice a day, giving it an afternoon nap charging and once again while you sleep. But when I say heavy I mean constant use like I do. If I use it only moderately I will go all day with one charge.

My 2nd phone because I dropped my 1st phone about a dozen times.  It held up until that last time.  It still works but the touch points near the corners would not recognize my touch.  I promise myself I will take care of this one because I don't want to order another phone.  This is a good phone.  Boost mobile gets a thumbs up.

My first smartphone 18 months ago was Android 2.3. It was outdated then. I did not know how much I was missing until I got one with Android 4.0.4. They must have found a warehouse full of ancient chassis with firmware that cannot be updated.

i bought two of these despite the many reviews about the touch screen problem, but to my surprise before i activated them i connected them to my wi-fi network and it said there was a software update so i did the 10 min auto install and low and behold it fixed the touch screen issue on both phones, so yeah this phone just keeps making me happier and i still havnt activated them yet!!!!!

At first I liked the phone. It was nothing special but after less than three months of having this phone it shuts off by itself; in the middle of a conversation and even when you open the slide out keyboard, it does it even when the battery is fully charged.

Its a boost mobile phone... I needed a cheap replacement until I got my new phone! I will say that I do like Samsung! BUT once you go galaxy you never go back!

This is my favorite Boost Mobile phone. I've had others, especially contract phones that were nice, then switched over to Boost mobile & now realizing that prepaid phones are not all that nice.I had this phone for about 3 months before accidentally breaking it, then tried out a different phone thinking maybe that would be better. For some reason I keep coming back to this phone.Texting is easy because the slide out keypad that does not have a back light, so the keys are easy to see.Call quality is decent.The touch screen is not too small and yet again not too big either.Pictures are decent, could be worse I suppose.Battery life with apps is horrible.This batter charges fast & will keep a decent charge for about a day with apps running & me texting.I love that this phone can be customized to how I want it with apps & that it has the keypad to text.I'm very happy with this phone, and could not ask for anything more. It does everything I need it to.*Update* 5/13/13I am still using this phone with no problems at all. Of course it does the usual slow loading of new windows, even freezes on occasion. Overall this is a great phone and I still love it. The keypad still works great, even though I text ALOT. The screen has held up great (I use screen protectors) and I've bought a couple phone cases which help greatly if the phone is dropped (which i have on occasion).Great phone. I would recommend.

I purchased 2 of these Samsung Transform Ultra Android 2.3 Gingerbread phones for my sister and myself as a Christmas present. The phones work great. I got them for $59.99 when they are regularly $149.99. On top of the great discount I love the fact that you can download so many free apps. The only downside to this phone is that it seems fragile so I bought a case for mine.

This phone holds more memory than the Samsung Prevail that I upgraded from. However, it keeps doing really strange things on me. When I take it out of sleep mode, it will dial any number that pops up. Sometimes I don't realize that it has dialed anyone until they call me back to find out what I called for. The swype is extra sensitive and once I get one word in, if the next one is longer, it will bleep out all the letters that I pass to get to what I wanted. I usually give up and use the voice to text option if I am at home. The phone freezes and blacks out on me sometimes; but not as bad as it did the first time when it blacked out for an hour. Of course, I panicked and sent for another one, then decided to keep them both just in case I needed a temporary emergency backup. I will keep them until I can afford the new Galaxy S III (which cost more than two of these). I am still trying to figure out the operations of this phone and the quirks. I will let you know anything else that transpires in the future.

The good:-Android 2.3-Sprint's network-Slide out QWERTY keyboard-Two cameras-WiFi connectivityThe bad:-3G connection-Thick-Not real pretty-Hardware buttons-Weird user interface-Cameras are terrible-Screen scratches easily-Battery life indecentBattery life rant: The battery is really iffy. As in it could be amazing or terrible. With 3G or alot of stuff running, three hours and it dies. On airplane mode however, it can last for months. Gets up to eight hours of pure audio playback, so it isn't too bad.Overall I like this phone, but that's a biased opinion. Fast and slow at the same time. Makes me feel like I watch YouTube on an antique.

This is my second transform ultra. The 1st started to make calls from my contact list for unknown reasons. The keyboard inside displayed double digits when typed. I sent it in to Samsung repair and only the keyboard was fixed. Samsung denied the warranty in the 1st year as they used their standard water damage line. But.. I liked the phone and bought another at a great price from amazon. Only problem i get is when u hold the phone next to your ear, the heat from your ear can push the end button on the phone and you lose the call. Otherwise the internet is fast and its a fun phone.

I have finally left the dinosaur world and come into feeling like I am part of the now group...apps and texting without typing...two wonderful innovations

Everything worked as I expected. Ive dropped it a few times without damage so it seems to be able to take it knocks. It has frozen up a few times but I think all phones do that. Over all a great smart phone but the top row of the qwerty keyboard is too close to the phone its very hard to push those buttons without the phone getting in the way.

I Really Love This Phone , And The Keyboard Is Very Cool , Buy It Its Wrth It .....! Yaya My Phone Is On Its Way Yesssss Buy it has fast shipping .....!

I've had one before..It's a great phone.. The only thing wrong with it is, I can't set a persinalized ring tone, but I already knew that... Love the full slide out key bord...

Quality item, shipped immediately, and was worth the money. I will recommend anyone to order this item. Will order future products if I have to.

This is the worse phone ever worked good for the first month but after that it started freezing, turning black, had to keep taking the battery out, I hate this phone & I payed 80 for it & only had it about 2 months...

works great and my kids like the color black the key board is a little small in their minds ya

I bought this phone after my Galaxy Prevail was stolen. I was quite happy with the Prevail but decided to step up a notch. I've had this phone for about three months now and I have to say I have no regrets. The camera takes good pics and video and is much better than the Prevails camera, plus it has a flash and a forward facing camera, two things the Prevail lacks. Boost network speeds are decent in my area but the WiFi is much faster! I have only two complaints... 1) the battery life sucks.  If you use the 3G or WiFi much, you won't get a half days worth of use before your outta juice. I suggest getting a second battery with a charging dock. 2) There aren't any decent cases available because of the slide out keyboard. It seems to have a decent screen. I keep my phone in my pocket without a screen protector and it doesn't have a scratch on it! I have not had a single problem with this phone and have several friends who have purchased it on my recommendation, who just as happy with it as I.

this was my first smartphone too, besides a blackberry. I love it, but it has a few things i wish i could change. FIRST and foremost, the touch screen, even though this is my very first touch screen phone experience, has bothered me right from the start. it doesn't respond well. most of the time i have to press and slide my finger more than once or twice to get the thing to move (in menu mode and only up n down, side to side it moves fine). Frequently, i just can't do it. I take a deep breath, and try again, a little less agitated, and finally it will slide.many times, the screen will go black, while i'm on a call. i'm in the middle of a important call where i have to respond by pressing a number on the keyboard, and the whole screen/keyboard has gone away, so my call gets ended, sometimes after being on hold with a company for a long time.THE ALERT TONES ARE NOT LOUD ENOUGH and 99% of the time i dont hear a voicemail or message coming in. i have missed many important messages because even though i have the volume in "settings" on the higest volume, i still cant hear the alerts. i swear i think this phone is able to silence itself with no warning or doing on my part. yes i get little icons on the top of the screen, but those are so very tiny and so many are on there, i dont know if they are old messages, new ones, or what.i do get dropped calls, but i dont blame the phone, i blame Boost Mobile coverage, I will NEVER in a million years use Boost Mobile ever again. Besides their website, they have ZERO customer service. You can never get throught to a human. i mean its virtually impossible. when youre finally done with all the prompting, at the end instead of saying "if you would like to speak to a customer service representative, press zero" ...nope, the automated message just says "GOODBYE"!!  it doesnt even allow me to get to a human. i have to drive to their store location in order to get any satisfaction. And then its pretty mediocre.i think those are my 3 main issues.other than that the phone itself is pretty cool! i love the camera, it takes very decent pictures as far as im concerned, not grainy, the videos are easy to use, they turn out great. Phone has great resolution, graphics are sharp/great, easy to read, at night too. sometimes i use the phone as a nitelight in the dark. I dont do apps or gaming, so I can't comment on that.screen size could be larger, but its much bigger than my blackberry was. i'm 6 months into owning this phone and i'm still finding new and fun things to do with it.and THE most important thing is this phone was completely wet for 20 minutes, sitting in water the entire time, and it still works like it did before that happened. of course, i spent hours drying it out, sucking out moisture, etc, but bottom line is the phone withstood it and operates just like new. Im very happy with any phone that can do that. Can i tell you how many times i have accidentally dropped this phone? at least a dozen. has not affected its performance whatsoever.so, if you want a solid hard working phone, for a not all that expensive price, get the Samsung Transform.

great phone have had it before, large keys and easy to use.  Slide qwerty pad which I prefer to touch screen

This is a perfect phone for my needs that works on the unlimited plan at Boost Mobile.  It run on the 3G network of Sprint.  It is unlimited and thus I never worry about how to manage it with wi-fi and how much data I have used this month.  It in not capable of using the up-and-coming 4G network, but I am OK with the consolation with the reward of the reduced monthly price that I pay to Boost Mobile.  The phone runs on Android 2.2.3.  Again, this is OK with me.  It is uncluttered by proprietary interfaces that run on top of the standard Android interface.  I had used a Nexus One in the past and loved the quickness and simplicity of the Android interface on that model, so it is a welcome to see the same type of interface for the phone application and the clock and the dock and ....  The speed of this phone on its 1 GHz processor is obtained in the fact that the screen resolution is not as high as some of the newer devices out today.  But, if I want to watch a movie, I will watch it on my own movie system or one at the movie theater.  It seems that larger is better than smaller there, so I really don't want to watch a movie on my phone; it could play a movie if a have-to case.  The battery on this phone easily lasts throughout the day and overnight.  By the next morning, I see that it is normally around the 25-30 % range, ready for a charge, but that is better than I have ever experienced on a phone running Android before.  So, if you don't need the latest and greatest and are OK with unlimited service of voice, SMS and MMS, and email, and web on a very quick phone, then the Samsung Transform Ultra is your device!

Just awful. Buttons failed after a week or so, screen had a weird tint to it, the processor was slow as molasses, and it felt like a cheap phone... which it wasn't, at the time I bought it. Would NOT recommend.

good phone has lots of memory big screen and keyboard.  love the front facing camera and the flash fr the back camera

this phone has a terrable signal and the battery life really sucks dont like to have to charge it every day.

he loves it!!! I am so pleased, arrived on time! It is everything that was stated and more, even voice texting how cool! : )

This is a truly amazing phone. It has the best touch screen, it is really responsive. I have had a few phones before but none could top this. The whole phone is amazing I really like the front facing camera it works very well. The service works pretty much anywhere and the internet is really fast. It is also really good on a budget like I am. This phone is perfect for someone who wants it all but doesn't want to spend a lot on a phone. I would recommend this to anyone. Everything is really clear and visible.

This phone does not work. The screen freezes and does not respond to touch. The phone will not take a charge?? Really? You want me to pay for this? How do I get my money back?

It is a very nice phone not too big and not too small with a big screm and useful keyboard even fast android proccesor easy to do videochat everywere you go.

The phone was good the first few weeks but then started freezing and I have to constantly shut it off then turn it back on just to use it. Will not recommend this phone to anyone.

I upgraded to the samsung transform ultra from a blackberry curve. It was easily the best purchase I've made all year. It got here in two days after I bought it and it works perfectly :)

the screen goes blank the camera is poor the connection horrible tonight it even acted like it crashed. gotta get rid of it yuk

It was a brand new phone real cheap. I can not find a price this low now so I wish I had bought two. Now I dropped the phone so much the microphone is messed up. People can't hear me unless I scream. But it was nice until then.

this phone started acting funny recently, it's been 6 months now and the battery is starting to act funky, i did take a lot of applications off which were draining the phone, like fb, instagram, etc., those are battery killers lol, but now i think it might be time for another battery since i keep gmail and other email apps, plus the weather app going 24/7, wish they made a 4g keypad phone for boost mobile or metropcs network

Really like this phone ALOT! I take this everywhere with me, and if i don't know where a street is at I use the GPS to get me where I am going without getting lost, but I am concern about using the phone when I use it inside i lose frequency inside a building, but it is a great phone.

Ok, to start off with, the phone is amazing. If you're trying to decide whether to buy one or not, don't hesitate, GET ONE. This is my first Android phone, and so far, I'm extremely happy. The interface is quick and snappy, it never crashes and rarely force closes any apps, and the addition of an actual keyboard is a big plus to me (I'm using the phone to write this review.) The phone has a good amount of internal storage, but I'd reccommend getting a bigger Micro SD card for more apps and music. The phone plays music well, loads YouTube videos like nothing, and plays all the best games for mobile phones perfectly. So overall, if you're looking for a great deal on an amazing phone, order this from Amazon right now, you won't regret it.

This was a gift for someone who has Boost.  He took it to several stores where he normally goes with his prior phone.  None of them could help him.  I'm not sure how he finally got it to work but when it's on, it works.  Here's the problem.  When the phone is on and goes on save mode, you tap the power button and it comes back on.  However, if it just sits idle, it shuts off.  It doesn't turn back on by holding down the power button as it should.  You have to take the battery out in order for it to come back on.  There's battery power so it's not that.  I didn't believe him when he told me so I had to see for myself.  I was not happy.  He still has all the original packaging so it can be returned.  If you have any other suggestions on a place to take it, please let me know.

I'm new to the prepaid world, but not new to smartphones. For years now I've been buying & selling Android & Apple phones on eBay to avoid renewing my contract with other carriers, all so I could have the latest and greatest gadget in my pocket. Preparing to pull that stunt once more, I decided instead this time to give Boost Mobile a try, and chose the new Samsung Transform Ultra. My expectations for a cheap phone on a prepaid carrier were low.To my absolute surprise, the Transform Ultra has so far proven to be the BEST Android handset I've ever owned (and just to be clear, in my case that means it beats out the MyTouch 4G Slide, G2, Droid 2, Droid 2 Global and LG Revolution).I think the biggest difference must be the Gingerbread operating system, as the one thing this phone does not do (and ALL of the others did) is crash constantly. But aside from that, the Transform Ultra is also surprisingly smooth & snappy, not laggy and frustrating like all the other Android's I've owned. I was expecting less for such a cheap little phone. The keyboard is also awesome, especially for those (like me) that really, really prefer buttons: good layout and nice button feel (though I must say the space bar button is a little weird as you have to press down either side of it, not the center of it).There are some less than awesome aspects: Battery life, for instance, isn't great, but I've yet to own a smartphone that didn't require me to tote an extra battery around. The phone also feels just a little cheap overall, but then again: it was cheap. Finally, tapping and dragging (to rearrange icons on the home screen, for instance) doesn't work well on mine. I suppose it's also worth mentioning that Sprint's 3G service isn't exactly blazing fast.So there's that. For me, an Android phone that doesn't crash & force close, has a great keyboard and comes on a carrier that will drop my monthly bill by $5 every 6-months is a no brainer. I feel like such a sucker for having paid almost $100/month to those other carriers for much worse hardware.

My teenage daughter is in love with this phone as she would say OMG! Camera is awesome and love it

phone is good, typical android issues though, failure opening apps and problems with not getting phone calls but only happens every so often, I have found that if I restart the phone once every night say before I plug it up before bed then I am less likely to have issues the next day.

The phone have so many issues. But at least I can talk and receive calls but the other features frustrating.

No Mobile Hotspot:I spent $80 more to get the Samsung Transform Ultra instead of theSamsung Galaxy Prevail Android Smartphone (Boost Mobile)for one main reason: Mobile Hot-Spot. Everything I read talked about the Ultra's "Hotspot" capability. It's actually built-in to Android 2.3, which the Ultra uses. No one seemed to state whether or not Boost had disabled that capability in the phone. Maybe I should have asked for a demo at the store... Alas, the option is not there in settings and if you use a third-party settings manager, the phone says "Hotspot is not supported."I was able to root the phone and installed Barnacle which gives me wifi-tethering in ad-hoc mode. But I paid extra money to get the full hotspot capability. I may have to play with replacing the Boost-crippled Android OS...Touchy touch-screen:Other than the mobile hotspot, the touch screen is way, way too sensitive. The phone tries to make calls when I slip it in my pocket unless I disable the "Emergency Call" button. The phone tries to change modes when my ear brushes the top bar when I'm taking a call.Battery life:The battery life is abysmal. For instance, I took it off the charger about 90 minutes ago. I checked to see if it was my turn to play in Scrabble (it wasn't) and watched about 10 minutes of video on Netflix. This was on Wifi in my house. Other than that usage, the phone has been idle. The battery is now at 65%.When I'm out and about, I am constantly turning on and off wifi, GPS and bluetooth depending on what I need to do at the moment. If I am sitting still for any amount of time, I seek out a wall outlet. You have to use a car charger if you expect to use this as a GPS in the car.Now for some good points:Boost rocks if you are in an area with good coverage. It's cheap and you never have to worry about using too much data. I love it!Android smart phones do so much... Look at my complaints: I was watching video on Netflix, playing Scrabble, using it as a GPS... This is a very functional device. Of course, the Prevail does all this too for quite a bit less money.

I received it late August & it was clearly a refurbished phone I was under the impression I was getting a new phone. It came with a Japanese battery that never was able to hold a charge from day one. I felt other than the battery it should be alright however even with the new battery it just continued to glitch out. As of having it for a month IF that, it shuts off ALL THE TIME...unless it is plugged into the charger. I can have a full charge or very close then try to use it and it shuts off, turn it back on and it only has any where from 1% to 15% battery life..But its shuts right back down after the media scan completes. I feel as if I purchased an expensive HOME Phone...I am sorry to give a bad review but I am just not a Happy customer.

Very decent phone - just have to get used to the qwerty keyboard, which is one of the reasons why I chose this phone - the physical keys takes some getting used to becase you'd have to know exactly where to press each button to get any feedback... sounds strange yes I know, but the buttons seems not as soft or easily to press as it should - other than that, very decent mid-level android smartphone on Boost network.

I've had this phone for 1 year now and have babied it like no other...Issues that were there from day one include battery life (idle) of about 6 hours. In use, about 1 hour. Other issue is the feel of the keyboard; the buttons are a little hard to push and feel awkward (arrangement). Last, the phone seems extremely fragile... lacking any beefiness in regards to quality. When you first slide the keyboard out you'll understand the need to baby it.There are now some other flaws with it. About 4 months ago (after boost pushed through a major update) my transform-ultra sometimes hesitates when trying to wake up and can take 5 seconds or more to get to the splash screen. About every 2 or 3 days I get a message saying the SD card was unexpectedly removed when the phone hasn't been used for hours. Now, when using the camera, the phone crashes and I get a camera error after taking just one picture. A hard boot usually fixes these issues for a day. Is this the phones fault or boost's? Well, both. This isn't a review about boost but I'm happy w/them for the price.Over all I do like this phone... when it works. I've gotten used to the keyboard and much prefer the physical to digital on-screen ones. Unfortunately, if you want a physical keyboard then you are limited with your choices. Expect to get a year (if you baby it) of light use. For these reasons and the price I give it 3 stars...

Honestly it was bad from day one but because I worked in the Mobile phone world I am patient I tried to do everything i can to like it. I cant even replace it. the insurance deductible is more than what I paid for the phone. It freezes , the touch screen dis,appears when u need to use the phone keys. Hard to text on the keyboard with and without nails.Every call u make stays on the log no matter how many times u call the calls are separate so u can never clean it out without just erasing the whole list. i have to pound on the screen sometimes to get it to enter, It cant hold the bare minimum of games. I really i would have listened to my instincts but not having another cell to swap into or use  lis not a option for me so I am stuck with this sucky phone. I can go on and on why this phone should be booted from boost. Shame on u samsung for passing this low grade phone off as a functional android. I dont know what to do now cause the deductible is more than the phone is worth or cost and the phone is hindering my everyday life. Just sad and to think i put insurance on it and i cant file a claim. DO NOT BUY OR USE THIS PHONE IF U DONT HAVE TO.I WAS BAMBOOZLED AND I WORKED FOR THE MAIN COMPANY THAT SERVICES THIS PHONE. I AM RETIRED AND DISABLED AS THIS PHONE SHOULD BE.

After experiencing problems with my boost mobile Blackberry model 8330 I decided to upgrade. Circulation of the ZTE Android is limited so I couldn't locate one through a retailer. However, I ordered it direct through Boost Mobile and it arrive in three days. Boost Mobile customer service activated the new phone and kept my original phone number without charge.Pros:The phone is impressive with a 5.1" height.It has a reasonably large touchscreen (for videos & touchscreen apps)It weights only 4.93 ouncesFeatures a 5MP CameraCons:Despite a reasonable variety of accessories available through the Boost Mobile store and elsewhere (ebay; amazon; android central) it remains difficult to find high quality cases such as the Otter Case (retails for approx. $50), which was recommended to protect the phone. Did find some flimsy rubber cases.Accessories available through Boost Mobile:- Universal Screen Protectors- In Stock  SanDisk 8GB Mobile Ultra(tm) microSDHC Memory Card w/ Reader- In Stock  Micro-USB vehicle power charger PLUS- In Stock  Plantronics M100 Bluetooth Headset- In Stock  LG Stereo Bluetooth Headset HBS-700Over the month I've had the phone there has been only one service interruption, which never reoccurred. Further, I prefer prepaid to contracts service because it makes good financial sense although I can certainly afford the either. I have had a long standing relationship with several contract phone carriers although Boost Mobile remains the best prepaid phone service. Perhaps, a wider variety of cases will become available over the upcoming months. I rated the phone with 5-stars despite the challenges associated with finding a better after-market quality case.

Absolutely sturdy, I was amazed when I dropped it from 17ft height (it did have on some flimsy case) and it opened up completely, I just kind of shoved it back together, and it turned on! It worked just about the same, except since the screen was scratched it was difficult to navigate, but other than that WOW!

I bough this phone to replace a Samsung Galaxy that started giving me problems after a year or so (it kept "binking" as if the charger was attached/detached continually).  This Samsung Ultra lasted exactly 1 month and 2 days(outside of the return window) before the screen got a mind of its own and would turn on/off randomly making it unreliable.  Might be able to make/receive calls, might not.  I had to send it to SAMSUNG in TX and that was not a problem except they said it will take 15 days until I receive it back.  Good thing I kept my old phone and reactivated it.  I only give this 3 stars because I like the android platform as well as the apps available. Battery time is acceptable but not great.  Bigger screen is a plus and for me, so is the keyboard.

The best phone I have had so far and I have had a few good buy to . well worth the price

I purchased this phone on Black Friday and love it! It's my 3rd Android on Boost but it's the best.  I had the Prevail but it didn't have enough internal storage for the app's that I use.  I have all the app's that I need on the Ultra & still have plenty of space left over. And being able to add in a big memory card is great, also - I have all my photos/videos from previous phones with plenty of room left over on the card. I haven't had any touch screen issues yet. I use this phone more than I use my laptop.  It's great for on-the-go web. I highly recommend it.

I finally decided to make the switch to a smartphone after my six-year-old POS candy bar Motorola died. Since I was sticking with Boost, that meant I had only a few options and picked the Samsung Transform Ultra, the fanciest model available.PROSI don't like touch screen typing and had to have a full size slide-out QWERTY keyboard. The Ultra has a fantastic one, sturdy and responsive. In fact, it's the primary reason I picked it. No regrets there. Texting is fast, easy and fun.The phone has a great built-in camera (with flash) that takes excellent quality pictures.Battery life seems good. On a full or near-full charge, I can talk for around two and a half, maybe three hours straight and still not use it all up. It recharges completely in about an hour.It has great audio quality, including the speakerphone.Video playback from YouTube and other sites have good image and audio quality, though of course that depends on the quality of the source material. But I compared video playback between this phone and my friend's stupid Blackberry, and YouTube videos I knew were perfectly good quality on my phone were pretty much unwatchable on his.CONSI haven't bought any apps or played any games on the phone yet, so I can't speak to the touch screen issue some other reviewers are complaining about.Maybe this is a coverage issue with Boost more than the phone, but internet performance is often frustratingly slow except at home which is when I don't really need it because then I use my iMac. At home I can get 3-5 bars usually, but I have a hard time getting more than 1-3 bars when I'm out and about (often more like a single bar to none). And all these locations are in a major city/coverage area within my state! Apparently, every store I go into is magically in a bad coverage area. This sucks, because I mainly use my phone's internet for comparison price shopping and looking up reviews of stuff I'm considering buying in retail stores. Or when I'm totally bored waiting for someone. Still, it's better than not having internet on the go.Now for a major pain in the butt problem: I've had the phone since November 2011, and six months later, the power button has stopped working properly! Now, I have to press it repeatedly (but not too fast) and it eventually powers on. Sometimes a dozen times, sometimes half a dozen, sometimes it works on the first or second try. The button isn't noticeably sticking or anything weird like that--it's like it's randomly deciding when to work. However, It never has a problem going to standby mode with just one press, so go figure!And sometimes, even though I'll hear the phone ringing or giving me other alerts, the screen remains black so I have no idea who is calling or texting until I press the power button. In this case, the power button always works with a single press. If only it would turn on so easily!One last annoyance is that in order to access a lot of the phone's built-in apps, you need a Google account. If you don't want one of those, you can't use them.I give the phone 3.5 stars. I like it but it has some problems that drag my rating down from a 4.UPDATE (December 7, 2012): After one year (and six months of problems with the power button), now the touch screen is not responding every so often (as in it freezes up) and I have to turn the phone off and back on to make it work again. It's not doing it every day (at least, not yet), but don't know what the deal is. It's not like I've ever dropped it or anything. Not cool for a gadget I spent a lot of money on. It no longer recognizes the SD card is installed and all my gallery photos are inaccessible. Am downgrading my rating to 2.5 stars as a result.IMPORTANT UPDATE (February 9, 2013): My touchscreen froze up completely today and no amount of turning it off or on again solved it. After researching the issue online, I removed the battery, waited 15 minutes, then put it back in. All the problems my phone was having appear to be solved now. It powers up correctly with a single touch, doesn't freeze anymore (at least not yet), my SD card is being recognized, my missing photos are back in the gallery, and everything seems to be functioning as good as it was when I first bought it.Will update my review if any more problems crop up, but will try removing and reinstalling the battery before posting more complaints. I've gone ahead and restored my original 3.5 star rating.UPDATE (July 11, 2013): The stupid battery keeps crapping out, going dead until I plug it into the charger, than lying about the power levels, and going dead again in mid-call if I don't keep it plugged into the charger. I've had to order a replacement battery. Downgrading my rating again to 2.5.ANOTHER IMPORTANT UPDATE (January 2, 2014): Just a quick warning that although you can find replacement batteries online for a third of the retail price, and they claim to be compatible, they aren't! These are crappy Chinese knock-offs that give your phone a "battery type not supported" error and won't let you get past the "charging" screen. I bought one from an online discounter and had to use my credit card company to force them to give me a refund, then had to pay full retail for an official Samsung battery locally. And of course, it didn't take more than a few weeks for the new Samsung battery to begin giving me the same problems as the old one: the "SD card removed" error is showing up while the card is installed (as I have never removed it even once), the screen sometimes freezes or turns off, and the phone is not turning on consistently turning on when I press the power button. The phone works OK most of the time, but gives me screen or power up problems at least once a day, and I have to remove and put back the battery to "fix" the SD card error and other issues at least twice a week. Also, every once in awhile, the phone doesn't ring when people call. I only know they called when the new voicemail sound beeps, but my ringer was on full blast, I was awake, and the phone was within ten feet of me at the time. This phone cost a lot of money and it should not be having these problems! Downgrading my rating to 2 stars as a result.

Phone itself works well and is reliable. Bluetooth no problems. But camera quit working after only about 4 months; and not from being dropped, just quit working.Otherwise, phone does everything needed.

I love this phone and it's price was super I saved 75.00 by buying it from amazon. The only draw back is that I can't multi text without buying an app and the battery life isn't great but overall I am really enjoying this phone.

I have had this phone for just over 2 weeks and I love it. I have not had any problems with it. It is so worth the money!

ive had contract fones than went to non and wanted a slider so got this kinda wish i got a faster fone but .but i like physical keyboardthe internal processor is slow to next task which probably ircks me the most...

I bought this for my Honey and she loves it and uses it constantly. She has had it for about a year with no serious problems despite very heavy usage with incessant texting instant messaging, and facebook.  Best phone she has ever had.

I really like this phone it was just what I was looking for,Ii like the slide out keyboard but I also like the Swype keyboard to once i got familiar with it. good phone for the money I like it.

Phone is okay.  Not mine, my friend uses this, and it has semi-decent functionality.  Burns out quickly (think 8 months or less).  Also too bulky for my taste.  But it's used as a work phone.

Bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it. No problems with the phone at all, and she tells me it's fast. So I would recommend. Boost Mobile seems to be very good as well.

Everything I wanted. It's in perfect condition and works great! My screen cracked on my previous phone and I paid half the price for a new one over a new screen replacement.

battery life sucks....signal sucks.keyboard sucks buttons dont work wtf..boost should send me the upgraded sequent like serious though  you know for a new phone this is to much plus 20 dollar shipping

This phone has way to many issues. It froze up every time I took a pic of recorded. Boost phones are horrible.

(WARNING. LONG READ! But full review!)I have had this phone for over two years and recently retired it as it has outlived it's limitations. In the first month that I had it (keep in mind that I work as a Chef), it was exposed to heavy humidity, high heat, blunt force trauma, being dropped, thrown across a room (don't ask) and otherwise poked, prodded and manhandled...yet it STILL worked like the day it came out of the box. (To this day, the screen doesn't have so much as a scratch on it.)Initially, the phones battery life was phenomenal but I made the poor choice of using a poor quality 5V 1Amp (Which is the standard for this phone) charger on a long wedding road trip and it did permanent damage to it's internal circuitry which caused it to start degrading it's batteries and any replacement batteries. After well over two years, I was unable to get it to last even two hours on battery before it would run out of charge due to the internal charging circuits frying the batteries. (My fault. NOT Samsung's) :-( Still, determined to keep it because of it's loyalty to me, I held onto it and made sure to have a charger and an outlet handy at all times.The processing power of this titanic beast is amazing! It can run games and high quality video without even so much as a single flicker. The internal memory needs to be managed properly (INSTALL TO THE SD CARD) so long as you stick in a really good quality and large microSD card. Picture taking quality with the rear camera is amazing and with the right light can actually look like professional photos. The front one on the other hand...ugh...ladies, don't waste your makeup. The image quality is too pixelated to even matter.Data connectivity with this mammoth can be spotty as times, as can your voice signal, but the good outweighs the bad. In the center of most major cities it will provide decent data speeds but will be sluggish trying to stream anything. (Use your WiFi as often as possible. It's liquid smooth when it's on.) This is likely due to Boost's Fisher-Price &#34;my first 3G network&#34; style data system. Otherwise, when you have at least one bar of signal, voice calls as clear as a bell and the earphone speaker can get loud enough to give you a headache. Even the external speaker output is crisp and clear and won't distort at high volumes.Now for the input part of the review. The slide out keyboard takes some getting used to, but has wonderful haptic feedback and provides a satisfying/soft click-like response upon every button press. The touchscreen is nice and responsive and feels smooth as glass even after years of use. All the buttons are perfectly placed and are easily accessible with one hand. The overall size and shape fits great in the palm of your hand as well. The addition of a conveniently placed 3.5mm headphone/mic combo jack on the top of the phone is the icing on the cake and worked with every multifunction headset (stereo ear-buds with built in mic and remote buttons) that I used with it.Moving on to the Bluetooth, internal WiFi and GPS. The Bluetooth capabilities of this phone worked smoothly with any device I could throw at it. (Even an external Logitech Bluetooth keyboard.) The wifi was great as well and had a fairly impressive range compared to other handheld devices I've owned in the past. As for the GPS? Rock solid. The built in Navigation software on this phone has taken me to all corners of the states and I am going to miss the monotone droning of the GPS's voice as I thunder about the city.Wrapping this all up, I highly suggest this phone to anyone needing a budget smartphone. It has all the perks you could ask for; WiFi, GPS, Bluetooth, microSD card slot, touchscreen AND slide out physical keyboard...and I almost forgot to add, A DUAL CORE PROCESSOR which crushed anything I threw at it. Sure, it's not an iPhone or Galaxy phone, but if you are on a budget then you will never regret buying this sultan of surfing.Just don't use any other charger than the one it came with.......K? ;-)

My husband loves this phone! Plus we get to video chat!! It's a good size and has many good features including the slide out keypad. I do recommend this phone to anyone.

Very pleased with this phone so far.Didn't want to enter into another contract at this time, so I thought I'd give Boost a try.  $55 a month for unlimited everything.  Shrinkage will eventually bring it down to $40 per month.Boost / Sprint service is good.  Web access is fast and easy.  Call quality is good.  Touch screen works really slick.  There are better cameras on the market, but this one is certainly adequate for my needs.  This is my first experience with a "smart phone", so I'm probably easily impressed, but it's just amazing what this phone can do and how easy it is to use it.There have been some complaints that the battery runs down quickly.  The battery does go down more quickly than I would like, but if you want to conserve battery charge, just turn off the 3G when you're not using it.  You can also leave 3G on and turn off Background Data to conserve battery charge.Totally worthwhile purchase.  Can't see my ever going back to a contract carrier again.

After my mom buying herself a boost from Walmart  and it being horrible I ordered her this one for Christmas and I can't say I have any complaints other then it not having spell check , but overall worth the money & you can't beat the price.



As others have stated, the Transform Ultra does indeed have touchscreen issues. It may be luck of the draw, but I had the Prevail prior and there were no issues like this. I have tried sensitivity apps to try and correct the issue, but it did not help. As IMFM stated in another forum, he thinks it is a capacitive issue regarding the ability of the device to recognize when the finger is lifted, or more aptly, the device thinks you lifted your finger. I think this is correct.Also, my phone's screen is lifted a bit on the left side of the device near the bottom and running up to the top. The screen is flush with the edging here, whereas on the right side of the device the screen is just below the edging equally the whole way. Tapping the left bottom of the device produced a sound other than the finger hitting the screen. Doing this on the right side does not produce this sound at all. This might be a reason for the touchscreen issues and makes me think a software fix may not be possible.If you are dying to have a new Android phone on Boost you can use this phone, BUT it will cause you headaches. I am going to wait a week or so before I decide if I am going to return it as it is clearly a defective device at this point. Samsung needs to address this issue immediately and quit playing dumb. Keep the customers informed of what is going on as to a potential fix. I loved my Prevail and was really impressed with Samsung, it just lacked adequate system resources to run the amount of apps I wanted on my phone.The sad part about the Transform Ultra is this is a really nice phone aside from the glaring issue. It is speedy and has the 1GB of internal memory so you will be able to load a lot more apps than the Prevail.Cons:- Major touchscreen sensitivity issue- Case is very slippery in hands, needs a skin or some form of grip added for as a preventative measureSub-Par:- Physical keyboard is par, maybe slightly sub par. It's awkward to type on it with the keys really needing pressed, plus space bar pressing is horriblePros:- Large memory, 1GB internal- Speed, 1GHz processor- Responsiveness

This is my third Samsung phone but I'm disappointed with this one. After only twenty days, it started to shut down by itself and wouldn't power back up, or it would power up after I remove and insert back the battery but it would shut down by itself again after five minutes.  I returned it 3 days ago to Samsung after explaining it to them. Even a reset did not work.  It's going to take some two to three weeks before I get it back.  Both Samsung and the carrier do not offer a loaner, which is a bummer because I'm now without a phone! The carrier was however kind enough to promise a prorated credit. If this condition persists after I get it back, my plan is to return it to Amazon and change carrier.  I'll update this review accordingly.

I loved this phone until it broke today (for no reason), only 3 months after purchasing it!  Now when I make a call the person on the other end cannot hear me and I cannot hear them.  Also, when I answer an incoming call I cannot hear the other person and they cannot hear me.  I can't hear anything when I dial my voicemail, nor can I listen to music offline.  This makes no sense considering my phone still rings, I still get alerts, and the phone on noises still function.  It also took away my option for speakerphone.  I then read online that Samsung phones have had this problem for years!  Why has this not been addressed?  VERY DISAPPOINTED! And to top it off, Samsung doesn't offer customer service on Sundays so im stuck with no phone and nothing I can do about it until tomorrow when they open and I'm supposed to be at work!  Samsung will not be getting business in the future!

This is a nice product.  It is exactly what I expected.  I would recommend it to my friends.  Really happy.

I bought this phone in Oct of 2011 when it first came out and still today 12-14-12 I still have the same phone.  I have dropped it several times and still it keeps on keeping on.  I waited on this version to come to market because of the slide out key board.  It fits well in my hands and has so many possibilities that I am still learning about them over a year later.  I have got my bill down from $60 to $50 with the shrinkage..... I pay $5 for insurance (now I wonder why I do that since Amazon has once again come through for all of us)  It of course runs off the android market with tons and tons of free apps, it has blue tooth, front and rear facing camera for video chat, takes great pics...... in all its a great phone.  I carry a nifty battery pack (EZO power pack) I got off Amazon for $35 which takes care of any battery problems a smart phone has.EZOPower Black 2-Port Ultra High-capacity Portable External Rechargable Backup Battey Pack -7800mAh (2A/1A) for Compatible ModelsGet one of these EZO's.  Although the EZO is a bit bulky..... you'll be happy to have it.  It has two USB ports and you can charge two devices at once. As for not being able to feel/hear the vibration, get the LG bluetoothLG Tone Wireless Bluetooth Stereo Headset - Retail Packaging - Black/OrangeIt vibrates as it lays around your neck so yours sure to never miss a call even with the ringtone volume all the way down! It connects automatically with the phone with no issues at all.

I originally wanted to buy the Samsung ZTE Warp, but they were sold out all over town, so I decided to buy the Samsung Transform Ultra instead and I love it. This is the best phone I have ever bought. I like the fact that it has a slide out QWERTY keyboard, because I have not mastered touchscreen typing yet. I also like the video camera capabilities, the front facing camera is also a plus because i don't take good cell phone pictures. Depending on how much you use it you may have to charge it at least once a day, I personally use my phone for other things (i.e Twitter, Amazon.com) more than I do for talking. As with anything there are pros and cons and in my opinion the pros outweigh the cons. You can download all your favorite Apps, watch youtube, and enjoy all your social media. so it is a good deal. Also to clear this up, just because people use prepaid cell phone services doesn't mean they have bad credit. Boost mobile is still a plan.

Worst phone I have had so far.  Spend a little more and get the latest and greatest phone that you are able to afford.  Within 1 month I started to have technical issues with the phone and had to buy another one (different one, of course).  I made the decision to spend a bit more and purchase the iPhone 5 and have never been happier!  WOW - what a difference.  Never thought I would be an Apple fan.

The phones over heat and do not charge properly.They are defected .I like them and wish they really worked . I think they are to old and needs to be sent out to pasture.

I love my new phone and all this time I was missing out in app's and had a crappy old phone with barely any email connection talk aboutwelcome to the new age lol! Ok, I love how fast it get's wifi and all the apps downloaded is better then those contract phones.I just have to get the bluetooth to hear better and it will be perfect. People complain to me they can't hear me and for temp I have a home phone to make call's a lot and then, once I order the new m100 bluetooth then, I can use my new phone for calls too. It does suck that people can't hear me but it will be fixed once i get the added device.If your getting this phone your making a smart choice. But, be warned it dies a lot so, have a car charger is a MUST i can't tell you even if you have it on setting's to save battery life for a app it will help it not waste battery if you can't get the charger.I always have that saver for battery life and I use the charger just to listen to music or surf the net. The keypad is perfect for my little hands lol! If you have huge fingers then you won't struggle since, is huge enough i think since i had people with huge hands use my phone.everyone loves my phone even old people.i pay from my phone or online or buy a prepaid card. No excuses not to pay on time since, I want my bill to shrink down to $40 a month.I am paying now $55.You can design with your own apps and everything you love you will love more, today i just discovered i can take pictures facing front LOL, i am still learning everyday about my phone and I have great signal where I live since is near a hill but, when there is airplanes or trains by it seems to lose signal (live near airforce base) but, I go into the city and ton's of wifi and better traveling signal. Once, I get the bluetooth is will be insane clearly hearing and I WON'T HAVE TO SCREAM to talk on my phone lol!ha ha! I am not a screamer and soft talker this is real hard for me to scream at my call's and tell them to call back to my home phone .I have used free mp3 player and connected my itunes and i am  a music fan and love that I can listen to music while I workout and then I have the headphones (which broke) when i was running on trendmill and i have to get new ones too, but it worked perfect with headphones and clearly it had a mic so, I can switch fast from music to talk time.love to love you my phone, if i think i just married my phone oooooh;)lol

I love my new Samsung Transform Ultra Phone, love it love it!!I recommend this product,to everyone and anyone! nice

I've had this phone for four months, since it first went onsale directly from Boostmobile.com.  So maybe I'm an early adopter and the first batch is buggy.  One reviewer mentioned that getting a good one could also just be luck of the draw, so if you buy this phone then test it quickly and send it back right away if yours has problems.I love the speed, the memory size, and pull-out keyboard and the BOOST plans.  The unlimited everything (including data) plans are by far the best reason to switch to Boost, especially if you don't need a phone that is a 5 inch quad core beast that won't fit in your pocket.That being said, I have the touchscreen sensitivity problem and the Bluetooth sync problems as well.  I owned the Prevail before, an Iphone 4 and blackberries before that so I know how a touchscreen should work.The touchscreen is most problematic for me when trying to move icons around the desktop.  The phone thinks I took my finger off the screen before I actually did, and it dumps the icons in random places, sometimes the trash.  It's also hyper sensitive to holding the phone on the sides.  I've gotten used to it mostly, but holding the phone on the sides will often register a finger touch on the that side of the screen.  It's also sensitive to bouncing around in my pocket - I seem to butt dial or garbage text about 4-5 times a month.  Not a big deal except when it's a customer I accidentally call.  There are owners that swear their phone's touchscreens are perfect, so if you get a bad one, exchange it.The Bluetooth sync was better and gotten worse.  I have a nice Jawbone Icon that works perfect with other phones, tablet, and computer. But to use it with this phone I now have to unpair and the re-pair every morning, or whenever I recharge the bluetooth.  The phone also has issues pairing with my tablet - won't stay synced there either.I'm too late to return mine, so I'll live with it for awhile.Overall, if you have good Sprint coverage in your area, this is an excellent choice.  You may want to pick it up somewhere you can return it though after testing for a couple days.  That's probably true with all phones though.

I ordered this phone as an upgrade from my Boost Mobile Sanyo Incognito.  I'm not a technical person, but from a user perspective, this is a great phone.  My husband has another Android phone through Sprint and the Transform Ultra does everything that his does (plus the Boost Mobile phone has better pricing plan for unlimited service).The call quality is clear and I love how it interfaces with Google products.  I use gmail, so it's convenient to have that as the main email program on the phone.  It also pulls my Google contacts, so I don't have to worry about losing my contacts if something happens to my phone.  I have downloaded numerous applications and the Transform Ultra has been able to handle everything without slowing down.The messenging interface is easy to use.  The QWERTY keyboard is also great.  It is a little flatter than what I was used to, but I adjusted to it within a few days.The quality of the camera is satisfactory.  It's not the greatest, but is sufficient if I forget to bring my camera somewhere.  It does have a flash which is a plus compared to my old Sanyo Incognito.  The forward facing camera is a great feature as we can easily Skype with family and friends around the country.As far as the battery life goes, it seems to last about a day depending on what I've been doing on the phone.  I'm not really impressed by that, but it seems consistent with my husband's Android battery, so it is what it is.Overall, I absolutely love the phone.  So much more customizable than the Sanyo Incognito and so many useful functions and applications.  Don't know what I did without it!

First of all, great delivery.  Got my phone in less than a week.  It does exactly what I need it to do.  Since I like buttons, the slide out  qwerty board tickles my fancy. It's just a matter of getting used to the space on the keys since I had a blackberry.

Owned the phone for 2+ weekspros:1. fast phone - 1hgz processor & 322mb of ram2. able to set different tones for ringer, alarm, email, & text - as alerts3. led flash is very bright, it will light any background4. 3.5in screen is big enough to do my touch screen function(watch videos, text on screen,etc)5. 3mm jack, no need to cable adaptor, can plug headphones6. camcorder is able to use led flash continously  as a lightcons:1. lock screen function, requring the bar moved across the screen2. space bar feels flimsy, needs more support - i use the edge of the button3. ID function is useless4. its difficult to remove icons/widgets due to screen in-sensitivity or sensitivity(this is the only reason I rated 4 stars- if this wasn't the case, it would've been 5 stars)I like this phone & would recommend it. These other reviews about touchscreen issues seems to be a bad phone. This is the best phone I ever had. Mine works perfectly. This is the best phone with a keyboard, Boost has. I'm not a fan of touchscreen feature period(old fashsion- like buttons). There's many things you can adjust on this phone. This phone is truly the next generation of the original transform- its actually 3+ times faster & better. Everyone has their opinions, mine is 2 thumps up for this phone.My previous phones:LG xenonMotorola BaliSanyo InnuendoSony W580I

The phone is nice, but definitely not top of the line for Android. As far as prepaid goes, its one of the best out there. If you want better, you should be using a prepay plan from a company that lets you use its regular plan phones for its prepaid plans (i.e. AT&T; - you can use any of their phones, except iPhone, on the prepaid plan). The phone operates on Gingerbread, not the newest version of Android, but then Ice Cream sandwich was just released and will likely be pushed out to the phone eventually, just as Gingerbread was to the Prevail.The phone has front and back facing cameras - good for Skyping. Gingerbread is an awesome OS - as a former Blackberry user, switching to Android has been great in general, but what makes it great is the Android system, not the phone itself. I'm addicted to the Swype feature - though it took some practice, its made texting and typing MUCH easier. The phone is pretty sleek, nice looking. The screen is sensitive - I dropped mine a few weeks after purchase and cracked the screen (thank goodness for insurance). The touchscreen issue that others mention is real. It seems to have issues with sensing when one has actually lifted their finger off of the screen. This makes dragging things fairly difficult and makes it frustrating to play games requiring dragging. Its even more frustrating to try to move icons to the different home screens as they always "drop" before making it to their destination. The keyboard, while convenient, is extremely cheap looking, with huge buttons. I got this phone especially for the keyboard, but never use it. It just seems big and clumsy, and not half as easy as using Swype. I read the mentions of the "weird" space bar in other reviews and didn't quite understand until I got the phone - it seems like there is no support in the middle of the space bar, and one must push on the sides specifically to make it space. Also, enter and delete buttons are in weird spots and I constantly hit one when meaning to hit the other.Boost Mobile - I've been with them for about a year and a half now, and there are definite good and bad points. The best thing is the price - $55 unlimited monthly is a great deal, and hard to find even with contract plans. The Shrinkage plan is cool too - a reduction of $5 to your bill for every 6 on time payments - especially easy if you are on auto-pay. They are part of Sprint, and all of their Android and Blackberry phones run on the Sprint CDMA network - good but could be much much faster. Although the network is supposed to be 3G, I regularly have issues streaming music and videos on this phone (and any Boost smartphone for that matter) - lots of buffering. Since Sprint isn't the head of the pack in the phone industry, their coverage isn't as complete as AT&T; or Verizon. I get dropped calls occasionally but not nearly as much as my boyfriend, who is on MetroPCS. The customer service is my least favorite thing with Boost. Its virtually impossible to get through to somebody on their automated system, and doesn't even give an option to transfer until you've been through at least 4 menus, and even then only once it has difficulty figuring out what you are looking for based on your response. Things like activating insurance, which should be an option on the main menu, take navigating 3 or more menus for upwards of 10 minutes, to get to the correct person. They always make "mistakes" that take forever to fix and cost the customer - example: I started with Boost before Shrinkage. I switched my account to Shrinkage, and was told, both by text and email, that the change would take effect on my next billing date, the 15th of every month. Instead, I received a text message on the 13th of the month stating my billing date had been moved up to the 13th because of the plan change. It took 2 hours over 4 calls with customer service, to get my billing date switched back to the 15th, and was very inconvenient for me. To resolve the issue, they switched me from a monthly plan to a daily plan for two days and credited my account for the 2 days - they told me it would automatically switch back to monthly on the 15th, and everything would be fixed. It didn't and I ended up spending another hour on the phone to get it resolved. These are the kind of issues that would never happen with contract phones.Bottom line - if you have bad credit or just want to avoid a contract, and want an Android, this is your best option. Decent phone, decent network. Could be better, but then, the No Contract cell phone industry doesn't offer much no matter who you go with.

Love this phone for boost mobile. I recommend that you go with the shrinkage plan to (if your not already on it) so that way your phone bill would go down with every 6months on time payments.

Bought this for my mother & shes in love with it, a huge upgrade from her old flip samsung for boost mobile.

After about a month the phone started to randomly shut off, during calls, when I set it down, or when I would slide it shut.  The phone is nice and has some cool features but has some technical problems.  My dad has gone through two of these phones and has had the same issue so it's a common issue with the phone.

I just got this phone yesterday.  It is my first smartphone and I'm in love.  It does everything and more that my 4th gen Ipod does (except has Android).  Its super fast on the web and switching between applications. The camera seems good.  The flash is blinding at night! Haven't played with the video yet.  I love how you can speak almost every command instead of typing.  You can write a whole text message with your voice! The GPS is great too.  And with Boost, everything is included in your plan so you don't have to worry about data charges.  The best thing for me though is being able to stream Pandor in my car! It's a great phone! Buy it :)

This phone is highly incredible. I love the keyboard and the swipe system. The system is great and is much smoother from other phones also. Package was great.
