
Excellent Item, you must but it, is the best phone, muh better tha iphone or others like samsung or motorola... I love y sony ericson

Great phone very fast smooth video and movies, the camera its just amazing and the qwerty just great.warning.watch out if your carrier is 3G umts 900 mhz theY said under unlocked phone "This phone can be paired with 800/850/1800/1900 MHz UMTS/HSPA 3G networks in the United States ******WARNING --->>(as well as 900/2100 MHz 3G networks found around the world".now i need to change my carrier service because is 3g umts 900 mhz.The internal memory is not really 1gb, its 320 MB user available, 512 MB RAM.The plastic feels a little weak in the back and it always with finger prints its kind of delicate to.

It is a smart phone where I can have access to all email and social networks in one place and keep me informed.Call quality is good, especially the speaker phone.The keyboard is very convenient since the touchpad is sometimes difficult to handle at the touch screen sencibleThe camera takes excellent photos and applications load faster.All I can object to is the battery, which runs relatively fast. Eatoy but overall very happy with my phone.

I purchased this phone via Amazon 6 months ago and it was excellent for those months that it worked. The product gets 4.5 stars but i am so disappointed with Sony's support that I will never purchase a product from them ever again. I live in Zambia (which has no service center) so I opted to contact their South Africa one - which is the wrong number. Sent it to their Holland service center, they say they can't fix it there. I understand that these kinds of products malfunction but the apathy fro Sony mobile is what irks me the most. $300 down the drain - rest assured, the rest of my $ will not find itself in Sonys pockets.The take-away here is that despite the product being excellent, Sony will screw you over with poor support leading to loss of your hard earned money.

This Sony is officially my first android phone.  I recently purchased an LG running Froyo 2.2. OS before this one but the sd card slot was faulty right out of the box. I had to ship it back the very next day which was a good thing because this phone is much better than the one I had shipped back.Yeah, this phone is completely unlocked and I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about.  I've had this phone for several weeks now and I simply love it.  If you need this phone to use on T Mobile network, forget out it because it will run on 3G but slower EDGE.  This phone works perfectly on the AT&T; network and I do have 3G speeds.  No lag - no problems with the network! The only issue I had was with the AT&T; SIM card that I had.  My sim card was one of those old time micro sim cards and the phone's slot was made for the macro ones.  It took me at least 20 min. to position the card inside the slot for the phone to recognize a card was in the slot as I had to continuously turn off the phone and reboot it. (PS you are not supposed to insert SD or sim cards while the phone is one as it may damage your phone). Once my phone recognized the card, I registered with AT&T;, got a $25 pay as you go plan and was on my way. I don't need a data plan because I use my wifi at home and I have full use of the Internet when I go to work. This plan only has 250 min a month w/ unlimited texts. This is fine for me because I only use my cell for emergencies and the min. I don't use I get to roll them over. This is perfect.The same day I downloaded the Sony updater and downloaded the latest firmware to my phone (Ice Cream Sandwich).  No problems. I purchased 32 gig sd card and now I have tons of room for great apps.  I downloaded nice utilities to make my phone run smoothly and I'm having fun just figuring out how to use this phone and the apps. It will probably take me a few more weeks to really tap into all of the neat stuff this phone does - on the personal and business levels.The touchscreen is pretty responsively.  I've experienced some lagging issues where I had to tap on a particular app several times to get it to respond but it isn't a major deal.  Since I'm a texter, I love the Qwerty keyboard.  I like it better than the touchscreen one because it's more accurate.(If there are any issues in the future with this phone I will surely add to this review).

It works well, and the Internet browsing is very fast. I am really enjoying the touchscreen and the keyboard functions. Availability of wifi is very convenient as well. If you talk a lot and use wi-fi a lot, the battery will last for almost two days.I use this phone in the US with T-Mobile, and I have never had any problems. Based on my research, it can work with any provider that uses SIM cards, so it should work with AT&T; too.Also, you can upgrade it to 2.3 Gingerbread. It took me about 15 minutes to do this.P.S. I travel a lot, and I have used this phone with many different providers in many different countries. I can say that I have never had any problems with connecting this phone to any of these providers.

The Sony Ericsson smartphone is an excellent phone.  It far exceeded my expectations.  The phone does all that the Sony Ericsson says it will do and more.  The service from the supplier is excellent.  My phone arrived as scheduled and it great shape.  I highly recommend the supplier of this phone.

I LOVE THIS  PHONE.Product was as ordered. I have no complaints.The graphics are AWesome, the 32gb micro I bought  was just what it needed even though it came with an 8gb.OMG... The camera is off the hook, the audio is greaaaatttt.The front facing camera is okay but whatever. SONY ROCKS

Very good smartphone. Great working keyboard and a good camera.Nice looking cellphone with a great features. I recommend this phone.

Have had this phone for almost a year and it has proved to be awesome, working exceptional with no freezing or bugging down. The Xperia pro boasts an 8 megapixel camera, complete with a single LED light. Much like the Xperia ray, arc and arc S, the Xperia pro uses an backlit Exmor R sensor, which promises improved low-light performance. Our experience with these sort of sensors is that they indeed offer lowered noise levels but the improvement is nothing that major. The design of Sony Ericsson Xperia pro mixes Xperia neo and Xperia arc. Looked from the front, the Neo and the Pro are almost impossible to tell apart. The back has a similar inward curve as the two Xperia Arcs, slightly less prominent perhaps as the Pro is obviously not as tall.So, it's a familiar look and the styling lacks any kind of ornaments. We like the strip of silver that frames the phone's body asymmetrically - thin on the sides, wider at the top and bottom. Our review unit is the red flavor. It wouldn't have been our first choice but it has a serious advantage over the black unit.The Xperia pro finish is heavy on gloss and gets covered in grease in no time. The smudges are quite hard to clean too but, luckily, not as visible on the red and probably silver version. For the black one though there is no hope.

Been using this phone for more than a year, now moving onto a Nexus 4, and giving it to my dad.Absolutely love it. Hardware wise it has been stellar. Survived a few drops without damage. I'm really missing the Keyboard on while using the Nexus, and also missing some of the software suite that comes on this phone. There was some issues with the initial ICS update, but now it has a stable release.The only issues - It can be slow, specially loading my rather large address book. It will be factory reset and my dads address book is much smaller, so will see if its any better with that. And the space in it was very limited, with the latest OS updates and system software updates, it left very little space for installing other apps, so that was a big negative, and primary reason for moving from it.I'm happier with the Nexus, but I will miss this.

I loved my phone but noticed it was difficult to get the charger into the socket. The small tab inside the socket is fragile and bends easily. Then the other day it broke off.Apparently, if you look online, a similar model has this problem all the time and Sony considers it customer abuse and you have to pay to fix it. 2/3 the price of the phone!I recommend not buying this phone. It has a weak point and the company doesn't stand behind the product. I'm buying a separate charger to charge the battery and a second battery so I can have one on the charger and one in the phone. All of that for $20. It's a pain, but better than spending $180 to replace the USB socket (which is glued onto the mother board, so that's why the replacement is so expensive, and also why it bends and breaks off easily.)

By now the machine it's out-of-date but despite the plastic finish this cellphone is a beauty. I got it dropped on a bucket of water by accident and after some research and cleaning (whole dissaembling), it keeps WORKING! I still use it because there is nothing like it with a real keyboard out there.

es un regalo para mi novia.. realmente queria este celular y fue un regalo muy apreciado. ademas de la gran funcionalidad que brinda.

I promised myself that I would wait until Sony Ericsson came up with a better cell phone than my C702.  Until recently, no cell phone had made me drop my C702.  Don't get me wrong, I loved my C702; however, I needed a cell phone that was able to get a 3G or faster Internet connection.  Enter the Xperia pro!  I fell in love with it at first sight!  I knew that this was the phone that would satisfy my needs.  The phone is aesthetically beautiful and extremely versatile!  I love the HDMI connectivity to my Sony Bravia HDTV!  I also love the HD camera and the 8.1 mp still camera!  I also love the fact that I can connect to the Internet via my Xperia pro wherever and whenever WiFi is not available!  I can even create my own Internet hotspot from my Xperia pro!  Wow!  The QWERTY keyboard is super easy and comfortable to operate!  Oh!  I almost forgot the voice-operated search using Google!  And, if you have the right Bluetooth headset, you can press the earpiece and activate the voice command to call anybody on your contacts list without holding the phone!  I can just go on and on!  One thing that I hate, though, is the fact that Sony Ericsson does not have a case for it!  I have had to settle for inferior-quality products.  I will keep checking, though!  Overall, the Xperia pro gets my "Two thumbs up!" rating!

The telephone is amazing, excellent, very good phone. But the battery that sony ericsson installed is a shame for such device. POOR BATTERY.

lately i have not been very pleased with amazon because they have been allowing certain sellers to rip off the customers.But this phone is really great.At first i was a little skeptical, then i decided to give it a try, which i dont regret.The phone is completly unlocked and i'm able to use the apps.unlike certain phones that are manufactured for a specific company, but avertised as unlocked with useless apps, this phone is really unlocked and allows me to use the apps on the phone ect....I'm not an apple's lover but when it comes to luxurious electronic gadgets i admit they have the best products in the market. They beat whoever stands in their path, but that sony ericson leaves you no reason to envy an iphone.

I have had this phone for 6 months now, and I am just not happy with it.  It is constantly forcing apps to close due to it failing to run properly. It takes forever to do anything on it, and sometimes it won't even answer calls. It is a heavy phone and has withstood plenty of drops. I bought this because I wanted a keyboard but to be honest it is not worth the money.

Waited almost 10 years to get a phone which ticked all my boxes: this one did. Said "goodbye" to my ol' (not-Sony) Ericsson T39 with all its accessories, and have almost reached the top of my learning curve with this Xperia Pro.If anything, it has too much on the screen: I don't want embedded games and certain other stuff, but that's no big deal.I can use the slip-out keyboard without having to click-on the keyboard on my T39, and can read all my emails without having to boot-up my Toshiba NB-100. Great!Technology will no doubt move fast in the next ten years, but - as far as I'm concerned - this techno-leap will keep me going for the next decade.As a gadget freak, this is tops.Thanks, Sony Ericsson... or is it just Sony, now?!

5 Stars to this great phone. It came unlocked. Worked at the very first moment with my carrier fully 3G.

WARNING: If you need to use tethering on this phone (MK16a) don't update the phone to ICS (4.0.x) because it won't work. It seems that there is something wrong with the update for the 2011 Xperia "a" models and tethering doesn't work in any way (USB, WI-FI or Bluetooth).Having said that... Currently I love this phone becouse the QWERTY keyboard and because the speed with Gingerbread 2.3.4. With ICS the phone ran very slow even when I rooted the phone and used Titanium Backup to remove some of the sofware that came with the phone (e.g. Let's Golf).Because of the tethering issue on ICS I decided downgrade to Gingerbread 2.3.4, and found that the 4.0.2.A.0.42 build have an exploit that makes it possible root the phone with that version.Now the phone is running like a charm, very fast and all is working fine.The screen of this phone isn't as good as the Samsung's but it's ok.Other thing that I realized is that it doesn't have sensor light to automatically adjust the screen brightness.Overall this phone in good hands is an amazing phone for less than $300.

I have a year with it, awesome camera, awesome screen, love that it has HDMI port, i love its qwerty keyboard, my phone have fallen to the floor a thousand times and it's still ok. It has a problem when its internal memory is getting full. It haas too low internal storage capacity, so when the apps start updating its Memory gets full and then starts shutting down the apps. Anyway I have patience to deal with this. I suggest to get the new Sony xperias that has more internal storage. And if someone is gonna buy this phone I suggest to install APP2SD. I love this phone but with the existence of new ones I wouldn't buy it now.

I bought this phone and tried it with a Philippine sim card (Smart Telecom).  It did not work.  It did, however, work with a T-Mobile sim card.  I see others received unlocked phones, so I am not sure why mine only worked with T-Mobile. I did not have any other US sim cards to try.I contacted Amazon and asked if they could send me an unlock code.  They could not, but offered to reimburse the cost to ship it back to them, so I returned it.I would try this again if I can be assured that it is really unlocked.4 stars because it was not as described, but the return was easy enough.Note: This phone was sold directly by Amazon, not a third party seller.

OverallI bought this phone after trying the Samsung galaxy, the galaxy captivate and the Samsung galaxy 2. Out of curiosity I wanted to try a Sony Ericsson product so i decided to give this phone a try. It is by far my favorite phone i have ever owned. Honestly, it was well worth every penny I spent purchasing it. Don't hesitate, this phone is really great, no lag times, decent battery life for a droid, upgradable, and fast shipping...very fast shipping. Plus if you get the amazon card, you can save $30, which means for 250 you get an amazing phone at an unbeatable price....Look:Slick and well designedFunctionality:no noticeable lag time with screen transitionsVerdict:I'm thinking of buying another one...lol that should tell you something

this phone works well. i always get a new phone and then it breaks and i'm bback to this one. definately worth the money.

One of the best phones I ever had. Yes it is dated now but it is exceptional.Pictures/videos  and audio is on-par if not better than my wife's iphone.Once you replace Sony's black themes and cut down the amount of android home screens it is a better experience to my brothers galaxy.It's UNLOCK, has a SD slot, HDMI out... and it makes texting and blogging very enjoyable.***HDMI means you can hook it to your TV or monitor and watch your videos and stuff**

Muy buen telefono, y el envio muy bien.. recomendado!!  excelente para el uso en reuniones del trabajo!! oajla sony saque un modelo nuevo igual a este !! jeje

My phone came yesterday and so far, so good. I'm not technically smart when it comes to cell phones...I don't know much about software/hardware and things like that, but I was under the impression that the phone was for use in the US. When I got the phone, there were options to put the onscreen keyboard to Chinese settings. I personally, would just like to have a phone that's made to be used in the US; for others, it may not be a problem. Also, I haven't been able to send or receive picture mail, but I was able to upload a picture to Facebook. I'm not sure if that would be a problem with the phone itself, or the SIM card. Other than that, the phone is great.

Got this phone a little over a month ago--love the look, love the QWERTY keyboard, but disappointed that I am unable to get MMS messages. Tried setting up as listed on Sony website and doing web searches (with ATT) but still not working! Would have rated it five stars if I wasn't having this problem.

The center key doesn't work smoothly. It moves up and down with clicking. Is this a defective product? Other performances are good.

Amazon is one of the last great places to buy stuff and I order from here alot I got this phone about a year ago and it is great I like it better than my s3 but it sits in a drawer because sony has no Idea how to keep customers when I plug the phone in it says I have an update I go through a long update process only to find out that it wont update(I have done this at least a hundred times I have emails I have been saving) so I call and email them and ask for help they tell me to contact my service provider who also is no help and this has been going on the whole time I have had it I even asked to turn off the update notice but I got the same response so I have a $300 phone sitting in a drawer I have not contacted amazon because they are always great with everything I buy and it is not their fault this phone is great and I would love to be able to use it but I can't (I have a sony phone that my ps3 wont recognize a sony pulse headset that my phone wont recognize) from now on I will buy junk as long as I can get help after I buy it

Product came quickly. So far so good. I like the camera. Phone works smoothly. No major problems or complaints.My first smart phone, so it is a learning process.

I'm very pleaced with my desition to buy this cel phone, I love all the features, the camera has high quality and very easy to use! this is a must buy gadget!*Actualmente usandolo en El Salvador, con un chip claro, sin ningun inconveniente ;)*

Bought it for my wife, was very pleased with the phone.hardware keyboard & android experience & AT&T; 3G - these were a must criteria - narrowed down to Motorola milestone 2 / desire Z / xperia promilestone 2 - rejected as available in US only with Verizon as droid 2 (CDMA)desire z - not available in amazon , available in eBay - costly for what it offers and z-hinge sounds terrible (in fact ordered one and then cancelled it)The Xperia UI is very polished, and doesn't necessarily need to be replaced by stock android AOSP or CM7(CyanogenMod 7). No green android figures here, UI is aesthetically very mature, good for business environment. Looks like Sony borrowed UI elements from CM7. (Update: Lockscreen has limited options, cannot launch apps unlike Sense 3.0 and cannot control default music player from lock screen - possible to control music player from lock screen for replacement music apps like 'Cubed')The keyboard has a nice feel to it - the space between the qwerty keys is adequate with just the right amount of travel (press feedback).(Update: Hardware keypad is backlit which switches off even if open after some time of inactivity to save battery)the body is plastic - which Sony rates as scratch resistant, but its a 'fingerprint magnet'; screen is good.One very nice thing - hardware buttons in the front - which is gradually disappearing from all touchscreen models. So it helps when you got water on your fingers.the 'contacts' app list supports full integration with Facebook. overall nicely done. Default number option for a contact is not present.The battery should be good for an android device(1500 mAh), i have not tested it fully yet. looks like it should hold up full charge for 35-45 hours or so. showing 76% left after 11hours of heavy use (lots of calls mostly, surfing on WiFi if required) - have to test on weekday for realistic figures. (Update: My office desk is at basement so VERY poor reception, the battery lasted about 33 hours with heavy usage)Performance is good, could work with GPS (Google navigation) while playing music. Office editor , virus scanner, pre-installed. Swype can be installed and works just fine. (Update: Quadrant Score of 1447)Loudspeaker is good (loud too). Music (Sound reproduction) is quite good. (Update: Music player has some limitations (like no repeat option - or may be i could not find it; can be replaced by any other android music app)(Update: Storage- Comes wth 8GB Class 2 MicroSD card)Skype has the potential to utilize video calls - it starts up but closes when Skype detects that device is not officially supported (i guess software restriction) - front camera resolution is ok.Primary Camera - tested only in low light - its good - day photos should be better, (8MP, HD video).Curious thing - Headset provided looks like Sony proprietary. It did not support my other Phone's headset (Palm Pre)Customization - Supports custom ringtones. did not root it yet (as the phone's for wife).Rest all features are android standard, android version - Gingerbread 2.3.3.Apps suggested to make the phone complete - Extended Controls, QQPlayer, Root Explorer, Swype, Lookout, Dolphin Browser, EasyTube, Skype etc.Did not test DLNA, only some of the Sony bloatwares can be uninstalled.Overall verdict -'must buy' if need unlocked, no contract, android with hardware keyboard with AT&T; 3G frequencies. T mobile patrons should go for G2.

Bought this phone from dareksalwa (who is the a great seller & answered all my questions & delivered promptly). At first I was a little hesitant about buying an Unlocked phone on Amazon after reading the horror stories. But after contacting dareksalwa, she assured me the phone was indeed unlocked. Received phone in 2 days & had to contact TMoblie to help me get my SIM card to work. The phone doesn't have TMobile WiFi calling so I'm still figuring this out. Had to call Xperia customer support to update Android OS and they were GREAT! Had the best experience with them & they even told me about a few apps that could help the wifi calling. Installed a few apps & then started getting insufficient memory errors. While the phone says 1 Gb, it only registered about 800 Mb. Have a 18Gb SD card in it but by default ICS 4.0 doesn't save apps to the SD. So after Googling for 2 days found this article: [...] and now everything works fine except Wifi calling. Overall the phone is awesome. Sony makes excellent electronics & had a horrible experience with the Samsung Gravity Smart from TMobile (I highly recommend that no one EVER BUYS THE TMboile Gravity Smart) and didn't want a nother Samsung and needed a QWERTY keyboard. I highly recommend this phone!

I was happily enjoying my first smart phone with android, but this breakdown's timing was very suspicious! I bought it in June 2012 and now, July 2013, the screen went dark! Tried a software upgrade, but with a dark screen it's hard to tell if you really upgraded anything. The repair will take 14 days, and I'll have to send the phone to Texas (what? no local support?) and of course, out of warranty, so nothing is covered.So, let's try Samsung, heard good things. Shame. I liked the qwerty keyboard, the size and handling, I'll miss it :-(

After 1 year as of 5/2/13 I decided to do this review. The phone is good as day one when it first arrived. No error or electronic malfunctions. I'm glad I got this phone. The touchscreen and keypad is still very good with no fading. I recommend this product to anyone looking for an android phone.

I was disappointed to find that all of the instructions were in, well, non-English. I'm certain I can work around this, but it would have been nice to know.

I had the same model for more than 2 years, but an accident happened, so I ordered a new one. The keyboard is the best thing for a smartphone (so easy to use!).

Bought this phone because of name brand and features advertised but the first one I recieved didn't work right. returned it and got a replacement only to find out that the phone's is partially locked and will not allow data over the phone network.

Phone is perfect. Just leave it on the stock 2.4 Android, runs faster. The battery life is the same as any iPhone or Droid running data. If you disable data when you don't need it it will last days.  People leave the data service on and then allow background traffic, which never stops, thent hey expect the battery to last forever.  This can't happen.  If I disable data and wi-fi, I have gotten 5 days out of the battery.  The key board rocks and the size of the phone is perfect fro your pocket.  I highly recommend it to people who just want an easy to use smartphone.

Unfortunately my phone came with a malfuntioning processor. It began to reset itself several times a day after a week of use, I did not know what the problem was until 3 months later I had it check by an authorized repair shop and it was to late to get a full refund :(. I guess I will contact the manufacturer to see if they can send me a new phone at not cost!

Well I have less than a week of having it, and something magical for me, never, never had a touch, in fact my phones last me 3 years or more, and in 10 years I've only had 4, so this is wonderful technology , in fact I have not explored all its functions, but little by little ire known, for now I am the best phone in my house and I enjoy long as it was a self-Christmas present.

I have to say this is a really nice cellphone. Sure, the HTC Sense is 200% better than the Sony one, not gonna lie (the weather widget is a joke, for example), but considering this one has a real qwerty keyboard and HTC isn't manufacturing phones with them anymore, I had to buy! I've installed some heavy games on it and everything works fine.I'm actually considering buying another one.Too bad the Sony Sense doesn't hold a candle to HTC. Oh, well, nothing is perfect.

This is a beautiful phone.  I ordered it with plans to move to T-Mobile's $30 per month prepaid voice (100 minutes)/unlimited text/unlimited (5 Gigs) data plan.  Both the phone and the TMo plan are great deals, but this phone doesn't support high-speed data on T-Mobile's (USA) network.  Because it doesn't support UMTS band IV, it can only run at slow EDGE data rates on T-Mobile.  I decided I couldn't live with that and sadly returned the phone.  If you use it on AT&T;, it WILL support 3G, but AT&T;'s prepaid plans are no great deal.  For a few bucks more per month, you can get a regular plan on AT&T; and a subsidized or free smartphone.  Of course, if you travel overseas regularly, this unlocked phone is an excellent choice, but for an infrequent international traveler like me, it did not make sense.  I didn't want to suffer EDGE data rates every day for the occasional convenience when traveling abroad.  Last trip (Italy), I bought a small MiFi type device and used it along with my Android tablet for both VOIP phone and data; worked great.I guess the moral of this story is that I did not do enough homework on SIM card (aka 'GSM) carrier bands and compatibilities.  I thought a 3G unlocked GSM phone would work 3G on both T-Mobile and AT&T; plus others like WalMart Straight Talk, etc.  Not so.

I bought this phone 1 month ago. Its perfect i also tried the htc desire z. This phone its better but i dont trust plastic at all. This could be a great phone if it was made of some other material. When i upgraded to the last version of android 2.3.4 about a week ago, the phone just restart ramdonly about 4 times then it stop. I recommed this phone to everyone. I bought it for 399 dollars. I hope this help your purchase.

I have had this phone for a month now.  I can report that I am quite happy with it so far.Call quality is good, especially the speaker phone, use that feature all the time.Apps load very fast.Battery life goes fast if you stream video but that seems to be the case with all Android phones.I installed Advanced Task Killer and end any applications that I am not using.  This has helped tremendously with the battery life.  I usually will have 50% left when I plug it in after a normal work day.Qwerty keyboard is very nice, camera takes good pictures and videos.This phone does not come with a screen protector so I would recommend buying one with it.  I used my phone without a screen protector for the first two weeks and could see faint scratches starting to form.

Updated Review - My Xperia Pro MK16a was unable to sense the presence of its keyboard when in use but this is now resolved automatically after second month of use.My buying preference for this particular phone is the availability of the physical keyboard and the keyboard is excellent.This is a 5 star phone but I give it a 4 due to the hard to ignore plastic feel.

durable, practical and fun to use.android brings lots of new apps.plenty of room in storage.fast internet, youtube do evertyhing on web.vivid color, camera works great, clear in both photo and video taking.really worth the money.

This phone was an upgrade from my prev. SE Xperia X1A. My first jump to 'Android' and needless to say: I am quite satisfied. At a quick glance, I am still trying to choose the preference on housing. The X1A looks more 'classy and upscale' (Maybe because of the weight and metallic touch) The keyboard on the Xperia Pro is way better than the small buttons of the X1A but I preferred the way that the 'Numeric Keyboard' was setup on the X1A and the Symbol Assistance for other lnguages. As on other reviews, the Power button and the Camera button on the Xperia Pro are not the best. (Power you don't use it often and camera you can get around it by adding a widget on your main screen, but still) Android does not crash like the Win Mobile 6 (and they already said were not going to support newer versions for Xperia on the near future). Camera, sound and display on Xperia Pro are way above the X1A (which had a great review) but still, is a Phone that's more than 2 years old. It is a logical choice to replace it. With a sad face I say goodbye to X1A while turning a smile to this new piece of art...

I've been wanting to get an unlocked smartphone for sometime now, but didn't want to spend $500+ since I hardly use my phone. Bought this after looking at a various phones and reading a ton of reviews. I must say it's an absolute beauty, especially in this price range! Just once in a while there is like a slight lag when going to the homescreen after browsing, but not something I would hold against this. Excellent camera too. Highly recommended if you are looking for a good smartphone at a decent price. Oh, and the qwerty keyboard is very solid. Great buy overall.

So far so good, I've just got it and I love it!First of all:  the keyboard is excellent, so comfortable to write as fast as you can!I own a  Samsung i5500 and I get tired of (trying to) write with that little keyboard, that's why I looked for a cell phone with slide keyboard, and the xperia pro was the only one that have everything I wanted in a smartphone, not only the slider but the design: rounded edges, nice size, great LED-display. Front buttons are a great pro also. The sound is great, even with some cheap headphones you get excellent quality. Nice camera, with dedicated button placed in the right place. Didn't try HDMI yet. Battery life it's fine (for an Android device of course).Three little things I don't like about the design:1-the white backlight that came through the front buttons: it's not like you'll get blinded with it, but can be kind of annoying if you're using the phone in a place with little light2-LED on a side: maybe it's just because I'm not use to it yet, but I prefer the LED to be in the front. It seems like they forgot to place the LED while designing the phone, and the only space available when they figure it out was the side of the phone, right besides the HDMI port. At least they could put it besides the power button...3-power button: once again, on one side of the phone (the left one). It's kind of small, so depending on how you hold the phone with your hand it's how long it takes to you to press it right. BUT if you want to wake up the display it's not necessary to press this button, you may also use the home button in front of the phone, so in the end it's not THAT terrible. The rest of the phone it's really really nice.Currently I'm using the phone in Argentina with a Personal chip and everything worked just fine (line-Wi-FI and 3g) so it's truly full unlocked.I strongly recommend it if you're looking for a "real" qwerty keyboard phone with a lovely design and smoothly performance

This is a pretty good phone except for the dysfunctional alarm feature. If you touch the phone wrong while your alarm is going off it will clear the alarm display (snooze or dismiss) from the screen. The phone does not allow you to turn the alarm off from the alarm settings, the only way you can turn off the alarm is to pull the battery. CRAZY............I use my alarm everyday.....so this is a big annoyance for me.

Sony Ericsson warranty sucks. They ask you to send the phone to their repair facilities, and you will lose your phone for at least 14 business days. I regret having bought this phone.UPDATE: 11/3/2012 - I submitted a warranty claim a month ago. They have not replied with any communication on how to proceed. DO NOT BUY SONY ERICSSON PHONES.

Was received on time and works perfectly with MOVILNET.Fotos and videos very well, quick to navigate, menus well sencillos.El problem is the limited battery life that is common in good android phones ACHIEVEMENT.

This is the best phone I have ever purchased. It is just as good as the Iphone or better. I would recommend buying one it is worth the money. My phone was unlocked and i was able to buy a Sim card from my carrier and it works perfect, great reception and fast downloads.

Great cellphone! But turned a little slow when updating OS version. Also I would like to have more options for cases. those would be the only cons of the phone. everything else it's just great!!

This phone is excellent, fast, great camera, nice screen, the only problem is the battery life with 3g, but this is a problem of all the new handsets.I am having an amazing experience with this product, it will be upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwitch (android 4.0) in end of may/begin of june.Recommended.

Well, I started into the smartphone scene late - 1st had a HTC Android Phone for about 1 year.  Hated the phone, liked the Android Part.  Went to Blackberry, liked the phone hated Blackberry.  Now, I'm back to Android phones.  This phone is so far above the HTC that it's hard to even think they are in the same category.  This phone is EXACTLY what I was looking for, and is an excellent transition phone from Blackberry because of the physical keyboard.  Highly recommended.

This phone is a wonderful marriage of a touch-screen smart phone with a full QWERTY keyboard.  The slide-out keyboard is roomy and well-spaced and the buttons provide more than ample tactile response.  There is a slight response delay when using the touch screen and may be a nuisance for people accustomed to higher end and newer technology.  I am extremely pleased with this phone.

For those who like qwerty keyboard is the best phone. Great screen, large keys and illuminated. I missed the HDMI cable.

i love this phone .very smooth touch with a great sound and amazing qwerty keyboard which make my work a lot easiersometimes i feel that the applications is a little bit slow but im very satisfied with the phonevery good resolution and with 8 MB HD camera i got a very good images and vediosshipped in time and arrived with 8 G.B microSD Flash Memory Card and computer cable

This is a great phone for the cost.The only thing I noticed was the top speaker hole has a sharp edge.They could have put a better finish on the face.This phone has a great 8MP camera.It also has great music app.Well worth the money verses iphones.I have owned iphones in the past.Did not like being stuck with apple software.So I will take this phone with a great slide out qwerty and save! save! save!.
