
I bought an Infuse about a year ago after doing a lot of research. I needed a phone that would work on Net10's AT&T; network and had an active support community for answers, advice and upgrades. I had been an iPhone user but have experience upgrading other Android devices (without a single brick), so I set about to "de-Apple" my life. The Infuse is a good (not great) phone by today's standards, with a sharp, bright screen and built-in GPS. With its single core processor and 0.5 GB of RAM it's on the low end of the performance spectrum, but it's fast enough for basic smartphone functions, and can play live streaming sports video when there's a good wifi or 3G/4G signal available. I've also occasionally used it for tethering but I think Net10 and AT&T; frown on that so I try to limit that use and stay under the radar.Battery life is OK. I can usually get a full day's use out of the phone if I take a few precautions, like turning off wifi and 3g when not in use, and dimming the screen.You can speed up the performance a bit and improve the battery life by not using wallpaper, multiple scrolling pages or fancy animation effects (I have a single black home screen with date, weather, news RSS widgets and just my most-used icons). The Infuse has problems with super bloated webpages that a faster phone might deal with better, and the browser will occasionally crash. For me, that's a minor annoyance, but not enough for me to return to the $600 phone, 2-year contract merry-go-round.The best thing about the Infuse is that is still has an active support community on the XDA Developers site. I've been able to upgrade the phone from Gingerbread (2.3) to 4.4.2, KitKat, using ROMs downloaded from the XDA forum. I wouldn't recommend doing that if you're not technically inclined, but it's not as difficult as it seems if you follow the instructions to the letter. Apparently a lot of people still use and like the Infuse, and that's helping keep the support momentum going when other XDA phone forums have gone dormant.I may be upgrading to a dual-core Android phone at some point (an older model of course), but I'm happy with the Infuse. It's no longer state of the art, but for the price it's a good choice, especially if you're able to do the ROM upgrades.

the shipping was great but wen i got my phone it kept on turning off and on and still does the same thing till this moment. what should i do

My phone was delivered on the first day it was expected. Too bad I was friends with the delivery truck guy because he put the package behind a chair on the porch to protect it from the snow while I was gone. I didn't know he put it there for over a week! When I contacted Amazon and Ross they were so concerned I had lost the package in the mail, they suggested I look around my porch and there was the package!

Product was as described and was in excellent condition. Extremely fast delivery, as it worked out the phone it was to replace started working again. Customer service was excellent in regards to return and refund.

Got this phone new in the box. Put in my sim card and the phone didn't work correctly. When sending a text I noticed the keyboard doesn't all work. Randomly parts of it just don't function. Had this phone before and it worked fine so when it was time to get another I got the same one. Very disappointed at spending this kind of money for a phone that is a piece of junk.

I bought this "New  Unlocked cellphone" And It doesn't work!!!. It's Not a Unlocked Cellphone!! It's not New Cellphone!!  The cellphone comes with the back cover part broken. Now I have to buy it another original by samsung. I don't recommed this seller! They are thieves!!!

We cannot get on the internet with this phone. About to return it.very dissappointed. to spend almost $200 for something thast doesnt work is quite astonishing.

This phone has been years with me, And I can tell you no other phone has been need it to replaced, Now if I want to replace it is only by fashion or looks, but it keeps doing all, as the first day.

I love Samsung products, but this has to be one of their worst. I had so many problems with this phone. I was super excited when i first ordered it. I was tired of the iPhone that I had. The phone worked great when I first got it. The screen is an awesome size and had a great picture. The camera was good too. There was a couple features I did like. It's really thin, so it slides right in your pocket. The hardware isn't the problem, it's the software designed for the phone is the issue. I ended sending the phone into Samsung for warranty work. They upgraded it to the newest OS, but that still didn't fix it. Once the new HTC One was released, I ordered that. Save yourself the trouble and don't get this phone...

Hi, more than a review this is a question ... Does anyone know if this cellphone comes unlocked for Colombia ??Thanks

It is a great cell phone.Faster  than I thought.I haven't found all the apps to optimizing it yet.

The product is simply awesome at the price offered.Also it is compatible in India.So no extra efforts are required.It's very sleek compared to iphone and features are simply great.

I ordered this product and received it in a very timely manner. which i thought was great since i am military and i live overseas. the first phone i received would not read my sim card at ll. i couldnt even get it to fit in the phone all the way. i called the company and the guy running it (who also sounds like he just running this in his house) worked with me over the phone but the way he presented himself over the phone was very unprofessional and it sound as if he was trying to talk down to me. once we worked over the phone for a while he had me ship the phone back to him. so i paced everything that i originally received and sent it back. i received the new phone. i tested it and it worked perfectly but now my problem is that all the other accessories were there except the usb cable (which i need to pull it in to charge the phone). so i called the dealer again and he tried to say that i didnt ship it to him that he pack up everything that i shipped him. but after going back and forth for a while he finally figured out that he was wrong and sent me a usb cable for the phone. the phone is a great phone and i love it i have not had any issue after having it for about a month but the quality of service that this provider gives is poor in every aspect. i would recommend the phone to anyone looking for something on this level but i would not recommed buying it from this seller.

That crap stops working today, it doesn't recognize sim card, bluetooth stop working too.My mother told me: buy a HTC one, Samsung is b*#$%#

THIS WAS THE WORST PHONE EVER IT OVER HEATED THE SECOND I TURNED IT ON AND THE PEOPLE THAT WORK HERE ARE VERY MEAN :'(

Never wrote a review before so don't expect much.  I will only comment on what is important to me.  I will rate the items 1~5, five being best.Processor speed:  4Screen size:  4  (prefer the size of the Samsung  Note)Screen resolution: 4Keyword: 5 (because of Swype)Operating System: 4  (I prefer Android over Iphone because Android its open source, bigger screen size, and Android phones allow the memory to be upgraded)Speaker: 2  (not good, but it works)Battery life:  3.5  Phone calls seem to drain battery most.  (will last all day with about 2 hour phone time, basic email and Facebook checks.  minor Web browsing).  Charging takes quite a while.GPS:  not terribly accurate.Bottom line:  No phone is perfect.  I like the phone a lot, but it could be better.

this phone is fake i need some money back because it does not worth this amount, all the function are not working especially the wi-fi it doesn't connect at all.

During the first week I had this phone I discovered it could not be tethered and I cannot remove the AT&T installed apps.Very annoying. Samsung & AT&T were no help.

I HATE this phone. At first it was great, large screen and lots of apps...then the irritating freeze up. It completely freezes. I am a habitual cache clearer, trying to keep it running smoothe, but NOTHING helps! It freezes at least once a day sometimes more. I have to reset the whole thing then it takes like 30 minutes to be able to access the apps that I need. I would so love to smash this pos into a thousand and one pieces, unfortunately Im stuck with it.

Got this when they first came out. Overall the screen size is nice and I was excited when I got it home. But this thing has been nothing but problems. It will lose the signal and it won't scan for it until I manually do it by going in and out of airplane mode. This can be a pain if you are out and about and not notice it. Updates for the phone don't go through. It will give an error that you need to contact the phone company or is it not allowed on this dns system. I have two family members that got this phone too experiencing the same issues. It was funny to run into a friend at work with the exact same phone and has experienced the same problems. He has issues where it won't save any data on his external xd card. He contacted AT&T and Samsung and told me neither were any help with it. Worked wonderful for three months and then nothing but issues for him too. I would not recommend this phone to anyone. Honestly waiting it out till my phone upgrade comes up so I can get rid of this pos.

I have 5 of these phones.  They are great.  This was a replacement for a lost one.  Overnighted and worked right out of the box.

The phone was bought in June 2012 for 300$ (including shippment to CA).For this price it's a great deal, for higher price I would go for Galaxy S II.The phone was unlocked as advertised.Works perfect with Hot Mobile carrier in Israel.The display and the camera are great.Very light weight.Very low SAR = 0.2 . For example Nokia and Iphone are all above 1.0 .SMS and contacts in Hebrew are displayed fine, there are ROMs with Hebrew UI for this phone on the internet.The size is a little too big in a comparison to Galaxy S II or Iphone.Some times it takes the GPS a few minutes to get locked on the satellites.The UI language pack icludes only English,German,Spanish,French,Italian and some asian language.Other languages can be displayed, but the UI can't be changed.For other input languages download free "perfect keyboard".The stock ROM includes many AT&T; useless applications that can't be uninstalled.

This was a great phone back in the day, and my aunt still loves it. It doesn't have great resolution, and you can get a better phone for about $200 refurbished these days, but if you can find one for about $100, it's a big upgrade over a dumb phone.

I recommend this phone. I tookit to India for my relative and it just works great. Did not know what to expect but now it just works awesome. Battery used to suck but with having Juice Defender and switching off the wifi (I dont have 4G) it works perfect.

I have used this phone for almost 4 months now and still amazed by it. I'm using Straight talk as my carried and it worksfine. Will keep this phone for another year until I get a newer one.

terrible phone, dont waste your money! it will shut off and stop working i spent my money for no reason! this is false advertisement!! listen to me

it freezes up every once in a while and its terrible with t mobile network.  And sometimes it just doesn't work well what so ever.

I did not buy it from amazon, but I do own this phone. When I first got it, it would occasionally shut off. It was no big deal, I would just turn it back on. About 11 to a year into having it, it got really slow, and glitchy. Now after a year and two months it has completely stopped working. That's a shame because its such a beautiful phone. I'm just saying.. Don't spend so much money on a phone that doesnt seem to make it past a year.

I recently ordered my phone. came in perfect condition and before estamated arrival. I am currently very pleased with the device. no problems have arisen. overall very pleased

I still love Samsung Infuse,that why I refer my sister buy other one - But my previous seller don't have any of them I have to buy from this seller - and here are the cons ;- The Items come  , only the cell phone and charger no covers and handbook not look like in the ad picture but that is OK-The camera and flashlight are defect, does not work, I tried to download some Google app camera but still not successful-Tried to to connect to seller over 48h (like Amazon describe) but do not  hear any from sellerHave to return it and give seller 1 star

After using this phone for a while I'm not so sure I would recomend it. Don't get me wrong, it's a good phone, especially for the price, but at the same time you could be getting something better for a little more. I like the size an the matter that it's really thin but i don't like the fact that it freezes a lot. It's that often to consider it a dealbreaker but it happens. The biggest problem I have with this phone is it not recognizing the SIM card at times and the GPS is completely worthless. So if that's something important to you, don't buy it for that. In summary, it's a nice phone, just hoping to find a better one soon.

Adquir&iacute; uno "usado", el tel&eacute;fono parec&iacute;a nuevo.Es un excelente smartphone, lo unico negativo es que trae mucho bloatware de AT&T; que no se puede borrar.La bater&iacute;a es decente en comparaci&oacute;n a otros smartphone.Funciona con la red 3G 850mhz de Paraguay.

So I had broken my old Dell (sniff sniff) and looked around for something comparable. Found the Infuse by Samsung. After much shopping around online, and my refusal on having to sign a contract with ATT I chose the Wright Bros online store to get the Infuse. They had the best price, unlocked the phone, and had it to me within one week. Awesome.Now the infuse is supposed to arrive with a 2gb micro SD which it didn't, but the price was good that I can overlook. it.The Samsung Infuse is fast for android, has a great clear big screen, and is light.Thanks!

I purchased 2 of these phones at the same time, one for myself and one for my daughter.  It worked great at first but then it started having problems, one phone kept cutting off when you put on the camera, that has stopped now but it is constantly switching off and blinking the samsung logo on and off, if you're lucky it will eventually start back working after fiddling with it for a few hours, I'm holding my breath because I know it will eventually stop working.  The phone is also constantly freezing and you have to remove the battery to get it working again.  The other phone also has the freezing problem and recently started freezing when I am dialing and then dials the number over and over again and you cannot disconnect the call, you have to remove the battery. My recommendation is that you spend your money on another model of phone because I have only had these phones for approximately 4 months now and regret wasting my money.  We are so dissapointed.

I got phone with many scratches on the front and back sides and on the screen one scratch is so deep and big.When i ordered it the seller didn't put information about any damages. I'm so  disappointed:(

This phone is almost the same as the galaxy except for this phone has longer battery time, and better service I live in the mountains, and a lot of my friends don't have service and I do.

I ordered this for my brother in my home town..and he liked it ..it was as expected ...happy with the phone...

BECAUSE I ORDERED A NEW PHONE AND YOU SENT ME A REFURBISHED ONE....THE WI FI AND MOBILE NETWORK WAS NO WORKING..

I loved the Samsung Infuse, however, I don't use hardly any applications only had about 7 mg of apps used in a two week period and had to power my phone overnight every night and sometimes it would last throughout the day and occasionally, even when I hardly talked on the phone that day it would die before I got home from work? I don't know if it was just that particular phone that had an issue or all the infuse phones use that much power, but it seemed to me that particular phone was running out of power much more quickly than it should have, especially for the limited talk time and apps used. I realize a smart phone, especially with a 4 1/2" screen uses much more power than a regular cell phone and expected that it would consume more power even if I wasn't using app's., but felt it should not have used that much!  So I returned it to the vendor and got a Samsung Galaxy II and it has about the same screen size and the vendor, Levana's Cellular, was very accommodating and helpful to work with.So far, approximately one week now, the Galaxy has held power extremely well, however, I only have 1 app running so far, and have not had any power issues with it! I do charge it overnight, but go to bed late and have noticed it is almost always on full power till the end of the night around 2am? Very happy, so far! Thanks, Levana Cellular for taking care of this for me!!! 5 stars, because she did not have to as they had a 14 day warranty and I think it was almost 3 1/2 weeks before I sent it to her, even though I contacted her at 2 or 2 1/2 weeks, I was trying to fix the issue with a power saving application that helped, but did not fix the issue. However, I do believe it was just that singular phone? I also wanted to mention that right before I sent it in, I was talking on the phone two different times and it rebooted all by itself all of a sudden and lost the calls and had to call back?

Alright. This is the first time I ever bought something over 300$+. I gotta say it was reckless of me to do so, knowing the fact I didn't know much anything about the seller (abe-123). But at the end was totally worth it.When I made the purchase, my hands were shaking because I was reading some comments that some people had bought and received this phone as used, or not really unlocked as the tittle says, but I suppose those are only the 1% unlucky customers.I am writing this review after 1 hours or less "playing" with my new gem. And I gotta say, I freak out at first when I hold the package with my hands, because it wasn't that heavy than I though!! So I opened as fast as I could... surprise for me, there was the phone box (which btw, was really well sealed). The reviews aiming to the weights are really true, it feels really light on your hands! So, don't freak out like I did when you get a light package!Anyways, I can't really tell much about this beautiful phone right now cause I just unpacked it. Like, literally right now. So I will give you updates later about this phone.But I totally recommend it because the screen is not just AMOLED, but PLUS AMOLED. And it's also big. Definitely, a must for those looking for an Android Smartphone.

If you need something for everyday use without spending more than 250$ - this phone is especially for you.Yes - it has only 1-core CPU and 512Mb of RAM, but if you're not planning to run extreme games - it's quite enough. For instance, I've tried to run GTA3, Mass Effect, NOVA 3 - these games are too cool for the infuse - if you prefer mobile gaming, you've better to look to the Samsung Nexus side. :)I prefer small arcade games - cut the rope, angry birds, NFS hot pursuit, real racing... These ones work great without any lags!Recently, I've updated the firmware to the gingerbread - I can't say that I find any big difference, except one - wallpaper became not scrollable((( And it was the main reason of switching to the LauncherPro :)Hope, Samsung will issue Ice Cream Sandwich for the Infuse, but, anyway, unofficial roms are already available...I wanted to get a big display - and I've got it - it's really clear and sharp - the picture is amazing. Working with text docs, web-browsing, watching movies are the fortes of this device. 4.5 inches screen is quite enough for movies - I don't believe, you need bigger - if so - Samsung Note :)Sound is really loud - you will not miss your incoming call. GPS works fine. The phone is big - consider it, if you're not able to check it alive, nevertheless it's very light. Build quality is very nice - plastic is very strong, phone looks very reliable.My is unlocked, so I'm using it with T-Mobile without any problems.Summarizing, I can say that this device costs every dollar, you'll pay for it -  I love it for my everyday use. But this is not top Samsung's cell, so you will not be able to play extreme 3d games - it's the only con as for me. But if you're not big game-lover (like me) - this phone will be perfect for your everyday use.Cheers!Kostia.

There is a lot you can do with this phone since it is an android and has a marketplace with thousands of apps. The phones' screen is also massive compared to other smartphones

Hohhot what can I say this phone got tons of issues , battery don't last, voice always sound bad and much moreDON'T BUY

I really like it. A wonderful touch screen with not that bad built-in camera, and a very wonderful smooth style, don't forget to pay less than what you expect if you want to buy the same with another brand name.

TThe phone was in good condition but it was not unlocked...I had to spend extra money to buy an unlock code from another website. Please don't advertise that it is unlocked if it isn't...make it clear that you need a code. Anyways, phone works fine & I love the size !

Oh where do i start, they were fast and my phone is brand new everything works. i placed the order on the wednesday i received it the thursday. thank you

To start out with, I always have trouble with every phone I get.  I don't know if it's me or if I always have bad luck with phones.I have had a Blackberry Torch 9810 and before that I had an iPhone 3G and my last phone was another iPhone 3G and I have to admit that they were all jokes.  When I had my iPhone 3G I dropped it 2 feet above the ground and it completely broke and would cost me alot to fix it.  I just recieved my Samsung Infuse 4G on January 7, 2013.  I know it's probably to early to make a review about it because I only have had it for a day and I admit I was very worried that I would recieve a lemon or something would be wrong with it.  I was wrong! I was so excited when I got it!  It was in immaculate condition! There wasn't a scratch on it anywhere!  There was a brand new black Casemate and screen protector on it.  I was shocked how amazing it looked and to top it off I bought it used-like new for only $130.00!  It was so light that I thought it didn't have a battery in it.  It's screen is 1/2 of an inch bigger than the iPhone 5!  The Samsung Infuse 4G has a massive 4.5 inch touchscreen and the iPhone 5 has only a 4 inch screen.  The iPhone 3G, 4 and 4S only has a 3.5 inch screen.  I know your probably thinking that a half of an inch is nothing but when you do the comparison it's a big deal!  The camera is an amazing 8MP with a front facing camera of 1.3MP and the iPhone 4 and 4s is only a 5MP with a 1MP front camera and the iPhone 3G is only a 2MP with no front camera.  The camera on the Samsung Infuse is touch to focus and takes stunning pictures.  The screen is HD and stunning color and amazing sound also super fast!  I could brag about this phone all day.  I couldn't find one thing wrong with this phone and that's rare for me because I'm very judgemental when it comes to cell phones.  The iPhone is nothing compared to the Samsung Infuse.  If the iPhone battery stops holding a charge it costs an arm and a leg to have a new one put in and alot of time but if the Samsung Infuses' battery won't hold a charge I can buy one for $14.00 and do it myself in 5 seconds.  Although I am going to buy a new case for it because I love the Otterbox Defender Series Case because it's a 3 in 1 protection; first is the hard plastic layer, 2nd is rubber layer over the plastic than the 3rd is a built in screen protector wich is better than a regular screen protector than to top it off it comes with a holster clip.  I give the Samsung Infuse 4G a 5 out of 5 stars-2 thumbs up and HGHLY RECOMMEND!  Don't make another mistake like I did by buying an iPhone just because of the name.  I will never regret getting the Samsung Infuse 4G!

I recieved my phones very fast, as soon i bougth it... A fedex track number was given to me, the phones are very nice, but it's important to remmember that as any actual smartphone, the batery doesn't give to much live time.However i recommend this samsung infuse cuz it has a great camera and display.

This phone regularly hangs irretrievably when I try to place or receive a phone call. It has often required rebooting numerous times in order to make a call and sometimes it has taken me as much as 10 minutes to place a call. If I needed this phone in an emergency, I'd be in deep trouble. Additionally, it has the worst phone interface I have ever used. It takes forever to look up your contacts and it's often actually easier to memorize numbers and dial them directly - if the phone doesn't hang or die while you're doing it. Also, it's wifi reception is next to non-existent. I nearly have to place the phone directly next to the router to get any kind of a signal at all. Also, it is actually slower than my Nokia symbian phone was at many things. You need special and expensive software to sync this phone with a computer. This software usually doesn't work, though it has gotten a little better over the last year. The GPS is completely unusable. On the rare occasion you can get a fix at all, it is not accurate to better than a one mile radius without using network assistance. On the upside, it works remarkably well for playing solitaire - the downside is that it doesn't really do anything else useful. I got this phone thinking it would be useful when backpacking or hunting, but I honestly think I'd be better off with a 1950's Bell desk phone. At least it would have the heft and durability to do some real damage to small game if thrown accurately.No amount of money would ever persuade me to own a Samsung product again or, for that matter, another Android phone as these problems are partially the fault of terrible hardware design and partially the fault of another half-developed Google product.

Este tel&eacute;fono no sirvi&oacute; para nada. Perd&iacute; mi dinero.  Me estafaron y por vivir fuera de los estados unidos no he podido recuperar todo el dinero!!

The phone is really nice, great finnish, clear and precise colors in the screen. But the video recorder and the voice recorder fail all the time, when you need suddenly footage, you have to power off the phone and try after restarting... really anoying.

This phone did not come with a instruction booklet. I am a newbie and have no idea what is what. i contacted the seller and he asked me to dowload the booklet from another site.I could not down load the booklet. So as of now, I do not know what to do with this phone.

i think people play follow the leader when they chose the iphone instead of the samsung infuse smartphone 4G this phone is magnificent if you are a neat freak then get an iphone but if you want a phone that will wow you then get a samsung smartphone 4G and the camera how do they do it the picture quality from this phone is stunning the screen is much bigger than the iphone so you see everything better this phone i would purchase again i would say to anyone who are looking to purchase a smartphone to get a samsung

This phone glitches and freezes for no reason what so ever. I highly do not recommend! It is a waste of money!

Cell phone is great in screen size 4.5&#34; but you're stuck on Android 2.2 froyo which has some limitations on apps. Would be great if you could get at least 2.3 but there is no available update. Phone looks is nothing especial, very squared not much design, just my personal opinion.

My phone was suppose to be unlocked but when I put my tmobile sim in and did the required steps it asked me for an unlock code

Apparently these models often have faulty USB charging ports.  So unless you want to pull your battery and charge it externally.  You should take a pass on this phone.Which is a shame, because its a great phone with a huge screen...Once its been upgraded to ICS it rocks.

i ordered it on the 12th on sunday and it arrived on On the 16th Thursday when i opened the box the phone was in good condition the charger to (i have a bunny and it bit the cable but i have a back up one) but when i held the phone in my hands man let me tell you it was the perfect size!!!! i love this phone i love the display the screen size everything and i updated it to the latest update android 2.3 gingerbread its kinda faster then before if your looking for a phone for socialyzing and for pics then this is your phone ive tried gaming on it and its kinda laggy and besides im not a fan of android games etc....

I had a problem with the phone after few months, and I tried to fix it but couldn't, so I called Samsung to see if they can fix it, they asked me for a number at the back of the phone, unfortunately the number I have did not match with any of their products.

The phone works very well, it's fast and the screen is great. AT&T version of Android sucks, so I suggest you flash it and replace it with the original version instead. I also couldn't get the GPS to work yet...

Very Happy with the phone. Impressed with all the functions. Only issue was that I was not able to upgrade OS to Gingerbread.

Estou muito satisfeita com meu mais novo xod&oacute;, ele &eacute; praticamente tudo que eu queria de um Smartphone, seu tempo de resposta &eacute; maravilhoso, j&aacute; esta rodando o Android 4, s&oacute; no vai levar 5 estrelas, pois tive que mudar meu roteador, pois no consegui pegar o sinal do outro. Mais estou muito feliz com o meu presente.

The phone works, it has a few tech glitches but over all its ok. It cuts itself off and sometimes and the samsung logo blinks until it feels ready to turn on. But other than that its cool.

I love everything about this phone!  From The size of the screen to the camera/video feature on it . Would defiantly recommend

DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH SOONER SOFT ELECTRONICS- RIPOFF!!! Seller here under: Sooner Soft Electronics !!!! owned by Jason Mills of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, his website domain: [...] is registered in a domain in China - so that he can avoid prosecution. He has an eBay Seller ID: SoonerSoft - Check his eBay ID: SoonerSoft Negative Reviews:  [...] - He is running a Fraudulant Deceitful company and uses different names and aka's/aliases -  he will probably change his seller name -when he sees this review. I had purchased a Samsung Infuse 4G Unlocked Smartphone NO CONTRACT for  $213.94. The Phone Said " Excellent Condition" but the phone is either Broken or is a Fake/Counterfeit/Fraudulant Phone & does not even turn on -His website even says this" We can buy individual products or items in bulk. New, used, or "BROKEN" etc. Phones"  Please Check [...] on his Reputation.  I had tried everything in communicating with him daily in utmost respectful manner & He had Stalled me for 4 months purposely deceiving me by Phone , by e-mail so that Amazon can not give me a Refund or that I have any recourse. Only after I reported him to BBB.org He Finally agreed for me to return the phone. When he received the Phone-  he said " The phone has water damage" I told him I just opened the package & recharged the phone & was never able to turn on the phone. I asked him if he tested the phone, before he shipped it to me". He said " I test all my phones" I asked him who tested the phone" He said " I don't know, I have 3 Testers" He then Refused to answer any more of my questions, But agreed for me to Return the phone. I Returned the Phone & After he received the phone back, He Kept my phone  & Never Refunded me, Fixed the Phone Or Give me a Replacement Phone OR even give me the phone back.. Jason Mills of SoonerSoftOnline.com  that uses a Website Domain in China for his website,  has Stolen my money & never gave me the phone back! I suggest Amazon & eBay & his Website that is registered in a domain in China - under his Registrant:Name: WangChangZetake take off his account off - He has Stolen my money & never gave me the phone back! & I want Amazon & Ebay & His Website in China to not do business with him anymore, & I want him fully Prosecuted to the Full Extend of the Law. Thank you so much & feel free to contact me with any questions.

I switched to this phone from an iPhone, because of the Android operating system, and it is a bigger phone.  I've had it about two weaks, no complaints yet!

Coming from owning an iPhone 4 to now owning the Samsung infuse was deffinatly an improvement. I love everything about it, including the large screen. Its has many features that make the phone easy to use and way more convineant than the iPhone 4... Its deffenatly something you would have to experience to understand what I mean. So far I owned this phone for a month and a half now and it only froze once as all my smart phones have before including the iPhone 3,3gs, and 4g. Deffenatly happy with it and will keep phone for some time now.

Excelente producto, la verdad Samsung est&aacute; produciendo excelentes productos. Recib&iacute; el paquete a tiempo y estoy muy contento. Forma, tama&ntilde;o y precio buenos. Muy buena compra.

muchas gracias, producto en excelente estado y calidad. muchas gracias, producto en excelente estado y calidad. muchas gracias, producto en excelente estado y calidad.

I am dissatisfied with the purchase because cell are very slow and are reset. They seem to be clones. in the box where are said to bring external memory sd and HDMI cable.

As a former Nokia user, i must say that this is a wonderful new experience for me. This phone is really great and the Android OS is amazing.PROS:- The screen get nothing less than 5 stars. The definition is awesome, the touch interface works great, and the AMOLED protects it from everything.- The processor is awesome. 1.2GHz lets me run many apps at the same time without problems.- The on screen widgets are very useful, but if you place too many of them your battery won't last half a day.- Thousands of apps!!! Really!!!- Angry birds is still free!!!- The weight is unnoticeable.CONS:- It comes with OS 2.2, and the AT&T; crew has not yet released an update.- The AT&T; personalization of the OS is nothing but problems. I had to root the device to be able to use tethering, and also it comes with many completely useless AT&T; apps.- Tha battery life is not as expected, on forums i read that OS 2.3 fixes this but AT&T; still hasn't released this.- The GPS is a problem, it's accuracy is not that good and it takes too long to get a fix.- The structure is made completely of plastic, that gives it the light weight, but it also makes it fragile. A case is recommended. I own two, a slim one for daily use, and a Ballistic hard case for outdoors activities.I hope you find this review of help.Regards:AM

I owned this phone for about a year with NO PROBLEMS. It is just that I change out phones often as I am a techie and have to have the latest phone/tablet, etc. And so I upgrade very often. However, the phone worked perfectly for the time I owned it, so here is my detailed review, and I hope that it will help you make a good decision if you need a great smartphone at this great price!Pros:- Very clear and easy to read 4.5" screen.- Outstanding colors and outstanding screen clarity.- 2.2 Android allowed me to save many installed apps on my SD External card. (Cannot do this anymore after OS 3.0 and higher).- Great camera - I took many high quality pictures.- Wonderful music player app (the stock one was just right and makes great playlists,etc). Sound quality excellent.- Got 4g on the Internet Data.- WiFi came in clear and fast.- Overall a easy to use and perfect size phone and comfortable to hold with big enough screen.Cons:- NO FM Radio. However, I installed Tune In Radio so if I had WiFi on, I could listen to all kinds of radio stations.- Could use more memory, yet it still ran fast for me.Good phone, after owning it for about a year, I upgraded to Samsung Galaxy Note N7000 with 5.3 screen. However, that one was too large and heavy to hold and I upgraded again. However, at times, I kind of miss my old Infuse as it was big enough at 4.5" and not a heavy phone to hold. And at the price offered, it is a good deal for a nice phone.Also, I am a techie and know a lot about Android devices that is smartphones and tablets, so if you have any questions, please ask me in the comment section.Hope that this review has been helpful to you and thank you for reading it.

This is an outstanding phone i will recommend it to everyone!!....especially because of its gorgeous, vibrant screen...i was very impressed....But very disappointed at cell lounge inc, the shipper....they shipped the product without original charger...no microSD card...no headphones.....no usb cord...and no hdmi dongle.....very disappointed, and all those accessories come included according to samsung and at&t

I am not sure why there are so many flamers on here calling this phone crap.  It most certainly is not crap, I have owned one for a little over a year and absolutely love it.  The screen is huge and the wifi works amazingly well no matter what the signal strength says.  I have had no problems with it and it is still going strong.  All phones are going to get bogged down from time to time and need to be rebooted but it has always performed for me like a champ.  I would definitely recommend this phone for anyone looking for a good smartphone.  Samsung is the best!

Phone is absolutely amazing, but i received a used phone instead of a brand new. It was already personalized and loaded with some apps.

Phone is Fantastic. One minor issue. Voice command does not work with bluetooth. Needed for driving.Otherwise very well pleased. Thankx Amazon

Phone is great... but it not was advertised as at&t phone but what u actually get is refurbished phone which has ROGER rom..came in generic box (meaning its not a new one ) but no worries my brother lost it ....but if u r buying new phone DON&#34;T BUY IT COZ THESE ARE REFURBISHED PHONE....

I love this phone its the bomb only an step down from the galaxy s2 I bought my phone from Nathan computer it came rooted and loaded with jellybean compare to its stock gingerbread I love it

The phone freezes and cuts off and all kids of stupid stuff! I can't use my flash it makes the phone cut off. It's slow and i wish i would have picked a better phone.

This phone has the most gorgeous super amoled display at a whopping 4.5". The phone is extremely thin and is a delight to use. I am using Cynogen mod's lastest Jellybean 4.1 on this phone without any problems. Compared to most dual & quad core processors, this single core 1.2 processors is running at 1.6 overclocked in my phone. It's an extremely well designed phone but GPS is slow on this phone. Everything else works beautifully. I'm very happy with the phone.

i am satisfied with all the feature on the phone... my only concern is i didnt get the USB data cable as part of the package from the worldwide distributor.otherwise the phone is good... lite weight... but takes lot of time to recharge that is ok once we put to charge when u r on bed...

I would recommend  that phone to any one who needs  a good smart phoneWhat I like about it , it's easy to use .

The item received was a used, open box, old model{UCKE3}, AT&T; cellphone that had been re-taped with clear tape to look new. When I turned the phone on it had been previously used by someone. The contents in the open box did not match the content package list on the open AT&T; box.  When I inserted my T-Mobile SIM in the supposedly unlocked phone, it did not work. I contacted WORLDWIDE DISTRIBUTORS about not receiving a "BRAND NEW" "UNLOCKED" Samsung Infuse SGH-I997 in a brand new unopened Samsung box they replied that according to their policy cellphones cannot be returned. After trying three times to obtain a return code and a credit I have shipped the phone back to WORLDWIDE DISTRIBUTORS and requested a full refund but most likely I will be forced to dispute it with Amazon and my Credit Card company. What a hassle and a waste of time all because they think they can only sell something on Amazon if they deceive the buyer.I would not purchase anything from WORLDWIDE DISTRIBUTORS even if you think you've read "ALL" of the fine print.

I love it, it has everything more expensive samsungs has, Very satisfied. One thing though:Dont forget to charge frequently. Small battery probably?

i bought this item based on the looks and price,i later watched a review on it to to its works better,faster and interactive than iphone4.good deal.Hayden06 kept her words and the package was as described by her.

It's funny, because the title said that it was used and there could be signs of wear and tear, but when I actually got it, it looked like brand new! I could barely notice the scratches! Overall 5/5! The only minor problem is that the Power button is a little sticky and sensitive, but I've searched up and seen that that is a problem with all Samsung phones, so a little words of wisdom for people. Other than that, a great buy!

Phone works well but is sometimes not very responsive to touch screen use. Battery life is very limited could use improvement

I just bought a Samsung Infuse 4G about 1 hour ago from NATALI_BOOKS.Verry dissappointed with the seller!!! Requested to cancel it because it is not unlocked to all networks. No response from the seller. Seller not responsive !!!! The phone is locked to ATT !!! You can not use it on any other networks!!!! :(((( PRODUCT NOT AS DESCRIBED !!!! DONT BUY

This smartphone delivers what it promises and still has an amazing performance when it comes to video displaying and internet connection. By this time I have seen no important difference to the new Galaxy S2. I'm glad with my choice, especially when I'm travelling and don't need a note or netbook anymore to keep update. As a bonus you can watch HD videos from the internet or stored in the phone in your big screen TV, via HDMI connection.

This phone will do everything you need.  I have it hooked up with &#34;Simple Mobile&#34;, and works great.  With the inexpensive monthly fees from Simple, the cost of the phone is paid back quickly.

Did what I wanted plus more, 8 mega pixel plus perfect size screen I was deciding between an Atreus and this one I chose the infuse.

I bought this phone for the wireless speeds (21Mbps) and the big beautiful screen (Super AMOLED). And it did NOT disappoint. LOTS of space for media and apps (16GB internal SD card, Up to 32GB extrenal SD card!). The device came as advertised, perfect. And with extras too.

I bought the Infuse and switched fron an iPhone 4 because the radiation hurt my ears. I hadn't factored how accustomed I was to the responsive iPhone interface. The phone definitely cut out my ear ache but it is rather slow and clunky at times.Overall its worth the price

If I had it to do over I would NEVER get this phone. It freezes on web pages, battery has to be removed to unfreeze. When I am on a phone call and I get a text, call is dropped. The phone will shut itself down on occasion, it can only be booted up by removing the battery. I had the phone replaced once, the problems got worse on the replacement. I am just living with having to remove the battery 3 or 4 times a week until the contact is up. 20 months to go. The big screen is great but not worth the aggrevating.

I just bought this cell phone because I had seen it before and it's amazing.It comes with an internal memory of 16gb plus the 32gb micro sd that I bought for it you have about 50GB of capacity to do whatever you want!You can download a lot of aplications and it works perfectly, howevere you have a small problem with skype, the video is 180 turned, but it's not big deal.bluetooth, 4G, wifi, everything works perfectly.You can take it overseas because it's unlocked, one of my best shoppings. It's cheap if you compare it with a galaxy SII, SIII or with an iphone.

Excelente product.  Delivered on time. Easy to use.  IPhone caracteristics at a cheaper price.  It has a great touch screen.  Fabulous colors.  A great 8 MP camara.

Great phone.The original SO version, 2.2 android froyo its a garbage.With original SO version batery life is 4-5 hours, with android 2.3 gingerbread batery life its 12 hours.GPS works great with gingerbread.If you need help to upgrade your phone OS, you have 2 choices1) Android 2.3 from At&t; samsung2) Cyanogendmod 7.1 (require root device)I wrote a blog post, with the instructions for upgrade to cyanogenmod 7.1 (in spanish)http:[...]Great phone but bad original SO factory version

the phone its ok just a little scratches, but the internet doesn't work, it's not unlocked, i am from M&eacute;xico and my service internet carrier is telcel, i checking the compatibility before buying and the phone had the necessary band for use in M&eacute;xico.please if someone can tell me how to activate the internet, i'll be thankful

My old Infuse broke.  I didn't have insurance. . . couple of months from an upgrade.  Considering the monthly cost of insurance premiums and the deductible I actually paid less for this phone than if I made a claim (still was 200 bucks though).  I received the phone relatively quickly.  The charger looked like it had been sucked into a vacuum but I didn't buy it for the charger.  I already had several. Phone works fine and was in good condition.  I think it was described as &#34;like new&#34;.  Bit of an overstatement but I'm not complaining.  I got the phone I ordered.

this is a good phone i love my besides the speaker went out but i dont care i have a speaker that i plug in to my phone for an alarm clock now :)

At first I was undecided, my options were the Motorola Atrix, Inspire 4G and the Infuse 4G. I owned a Samsung Captivate and loved it, save for the GPS, everything was nice so you may think my comment is a little biased. The Atrix has a dual core, more RAM and it was cheaper, but I read bad things about a heating problem, bad battery life and the burdensome of MotoBlur, I suppose most of those cons were fixed with the recent Gingerbread update, so what I'm saying may or may not be valid anymore. The Inspire 4G was attractive, I'd always read good things about the handcrafted quality put on HTC's devices, hardware and software wise. The big letdown was the small battery (only 1230 mAh) and less storage capacity. At the end, I was used to a Samsung smartphone which was reliable and there I had the Infuse that was the middle brother between the Captivate and the Galaxy S II and even I considered the former I concluded I wasn't going to pay $180 more for a smartphone that was going to be a second faster than a single-core one, besides most of my utility for this kind of device is browsing and music. Before buying the Infuse I was afraid of its size, I thought it wasn't going to be that portable or comfortable to handle. That fear disappeared once I held the device for the first time, most of the reviews praise the slim factor but for me it wasn't too noticeable compared to the Captivate which is a very slim phone also. The main reason it felt so good in the hand is the design, specifically the edges which are squarer and plainer than the Captivate, besides the up bezel is narrower. The tight jeans were the final test, it slid without problem and I couldn't tell the difference between the Infuse and the Captivate. The Infuse offers a splendid 4.5" Super AMOLED Plus display, same tech than GSII but 0.2" larger. The camera is 8 MP and it delivers very good quality (I'm not sure but I read it uses the same optics than GSII). The battery is not great but it is above average among smartphones, with my Captivate, considering same usage pattern, batt lasted 10 hours compared to 12 hours with the Infuse. I use my phone as my primary music player, so sound quality is pretty important for me. The Infuse relies on the Wolfson audio chip (the same on the Captivate), which can be greatly optimized using the Voodoo Sound app on the market; I read this audio chip is superior to the one on the GSII (Yamaha branded). Even though the Infuse is still single core, with the same central and graphics processors than the Captivate, the CPU has been overclocked 20%, I believe this increment plus some software optimizations give a better user experience than the Captivate, the interface is butter smooth, I've noticed little to none sluggishness. I'm not a hardcore mobile gamer so I can't guarantee the Infuse will play the most demanding games out there, but for the casual gamer, the Infuse is powerful enough. The browser is the typical Android webkit based, in my opinion it lacks functionality though it's snappy, I recommend Dolphin HD browser, free on the market. Flash HD video playback on the browser is not good enough due to constant framerate drop, however Flash banners play well (but who wants to see Flash ads). I haven't been lucky with GPS, the Infuse has a hard time trying to get a satellite lock, maybe it's just my case because some people are reporting good GPS performance on forums. Some people regret that the Infuse comes with Froyo and no Gingerbread, personally having installed several Gingerbread custom ROMs on my Captivate, I haven't missed GB a bit, the Infuse Froyo build is so stable and the improvements between the two versions aren't apparent to the final user anyway. Bottom line, if you are into browsing and music, I do recommend the Infuse hands down due to its responsive user interface, large beautiful screen, rich audio output, excellent casual camera and good battery life. On the other hand, if you are a heavy multitasker and hardcore gamer or you just simply must have la cr&egrave;me de la cr&egrave;me, you should buy a Galaxy S II.

Soy de Colombia, el producto llego a loa 9 d&iacute;as en perfectas condiciones, es un excelente equipo con una super pantalla de alta definici&oacute;n, ultra delgado, es un verdadero smartphone es un equipo que recomiendo 100%.

This is my first Android device, so I have no basis of comparison. I've used Blackberries and Palm's before and have found the Android interface the be one of the easiest to adapt to so far.This is a well functioning phone for the most part. About once every two or three days the phone will restart itself, but I'm to understand that this is a fairly common problem with Android smartphones. The external speaker quality leaves something to be desired, but more often than not I'm listening to music on my phone through headphones or hooked up to my car speakers.The screen quality is fantastic and is one of the main reasons I decided to purchased this phone. The clarity is excellent and the screen size makes for ease of use. The screen is also very responsive and I've had little to no issues with lag. The 8mg camera takes wonderful photos. Other friends with different Android devices have often had issues with blurry, washed out photos and this just isn't a problem with my phone and I've even stopped carrying around my digital camera in favor of my phone's camera.Call quality is crisp and clear, though sometimes if the phone is pressed too tightly to the side of my face I'll accidentally push the speaker or hold buttons.Battery life is decent if you're not using the phone all day. I can normally get through the entire day on one charge. Though I still carry a car and wall charger with me just in case it's a heavy use day.The phone body is very slim and lightweight. When I first took it out of the box I was shocked and how little it weighed and how fragile it felt! After buying a hybrid case I feel that the phone is a lot sturdier.This phone won't be the same quality as the higher-prices Galaxy line but holds it's own fairly well. Buy a case, keep a spare charger handy, and don't hold the phone too close to your face while talking and you'll be happy with it too!

I did not buy my phone off of Amazon, for starters. But the phone, in and of itself, is exceptionally terrible. I got my first Samsung Infuse for Christmas 2011. By Christmas 2012 I had been through 6 Infuses. Seriously, 6 of the same cell phone within a year. And technically, by Christmas, I was using a Motorola Axis instead--a much more stable device. Now, the reason I got the same crap phone 6 consecutive times was because it was the only thing my warranty covered for free through AT&T;, and I hadn't the money to get anything else. Addmitedly, I am probably more rough on my phones than the average person. I get that. But I have owned phones for years--including the prehistoric "bricks," and I have never had more problems with an electronic device than I have had with this one.So, I assume it's time to tell you WHAT exactly is wrong with this phone. The issue in its entirety is regarding durability. The phone's capabilities, the camera, the accessibility and customization--it's all great! But it doesn't even nearly compensate for the utterly pathetic durability. After only a month or so of owning them, two of the phones would recycle the "Samsung" logo everytime I attempted to turn them on, the other four would just die anytime I tried to do something as simple as opening an app or swiping the screen a few times.I do not frquent or visit any high risk websites or sketchy apps. I didn't even use the same apps on all of the phones.I have since been using my Axis, and it is a much better phone. Simply because it runs better.Heed my warning, don't waste your money.

Great phone.Received a 4 because LCD light was broke & has little glitching. Other than that i highly recommend this phone

is not a unlocked, dont buy if you are not using in the same country. I bought this in USA and was trying to use in INDIA , but it is not working here, the IEMI no is not in the correct format, Samsung customer care people are telling it wont work in INDIA.

I don't why this phone lags and crashes on me all the time. Cannot do the simplest tasks and crashes at least 50 times a day. It crashes randomly at everything. Playing games is virtually impossible, while it still crashes for watching videos, playing music, simple text, or even taking a picture. At one point the contacts cannot even be added in manually.Just recently, the phone died off. Cannot even restart. When you are at the AT&T; logo start-up white menu it keeps vibrating but just freezes there and stays like that. I then rebooted the phone to recovery mode and it did not work. I haven't sent it in to the Samsung Co. but it's about time. This phone is unusable now after  trying to play a video-clip and crashed. 2 Months of use of this phone. I've compared this phone to the same models like mine and only mine crashes. I don't know if the Android Gingerbread update,promised by AT&T;,will fix the glitch on this phone, just hope it comes out soon. I would like a refund a replacement since this phone is the only Samsung Infuse I know that does this.

I love this phone but it does not work with skype at all, might be my model. Otherwise love the phone.

I owned this phone for six months as an AT&T customer. I really enjoyed it. I always flashed ROMs and it had and still has great consumer developer support. For the price its selling for now its not a bad deal. While its a single core at least it has 512 ram.

Works just as well as my old one,which was stolen, happy that I could find it, and that it works so well

This phone is a great phone to have when on the go and when using the net. I've had mo problems out of this phone and its and easy to use touchscreen. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is a first time user. I'm even using it to write this review.

good afternoon resivi the phone but the back cover is another model and did not bring any of the accessories shown in the pictures I would like to know if I can solve the problem of the back cover

I loved this phone when it came.  WOW!!  Soon after it came I tried to pair my bluetooth.  Paired it but it would NOT let me "Say a Command"  Called ATT, they didn't know what was wrong and transfered me to Samsunng.  The Tech at Samsung told me right off this phone was NOT made to use with a bluetooth.  I am on the road a lot and need a phone I can use my bluetooth so I had no choice but to send it back.  Samsung Tech told me the next best choice was the Galaxy S II.  He also told me the Galaxy S II Rocket did NOT work with the bluetooth.  I now have the Galaxy S II and it is a great phone.  Don't buy a Infuse if you want to use a bluetooth.
