
First of all, the hardware is gorgeous.  It's the best looking phone I've ever seen, really. The beveled glass is stunning, it's so sleek and minimalistic.The guts are just a little last generation. Just a little. Single core, which does pretty good all things considered.  The back camera is pretty good, but not great. The front camera is exactly what you'd expect from a camera.  The headset speaker is awful, and the conference speaker is just ok. From what people tell me, the mic is pretty good though, and it filters out a good bit of background noise.  The 64g storage is great.Meego OS is absolutely awesome. I love the OS itself. Innovative, smooth, lots of fun and easy to use.  The settings grouped a little odd, but you get used to it.  The built-in music app is really good (and plays FLAC out of the box!), the built-in video player is awful.  The built-in video player is really picky, and won't play a lot of usual videos (mostly screen resolution issues, I think).Now, the real drawback - the apps. Not much out there. There are some apps, and a handful of those are really good.  Most of the good ones are paid-only, and more likely than not it's going to be more than .99 cents. I'm fine with that (I'll gladly pay for a good app), but coming from Android or iOS people are going to be surprised.I found enough apps to cover everything I absolutely needed, so I'm good. App addicts are not going to like it, for sure. Social media is relatively well covered here.  Skype has chat and calls, but no video calls (real bummer).  It had Google's Video Chat, until Google changed the API to try to force people into signing up for their social media site.  Sigh.  Now Google Video Chat sort of works, sometimes, and usually only when someone calls you with it.  The biggest bummer for my purposes is the lack of a really good podcatching app. There are three in the store - 2 don't work and one works... Mostly... But it's missing a lot of the niceties that even an app on my Blackberry 8320 had 7 years ago.All in all, I absolutely love this phone and I am not sorry I bought it. I plan on using it until it dies. It's such a breath of fresh air from the other two platforms. But, because it's a dead OS, it most certainly isn't going to be for everyone.

This phone is the poster child for potentially great products that were never given enough time to reach their full potential. The N9 is arguably one of the best phones that Nokia ever made, and unquestionably the best phone design that came out of Espoo. In fact, its monolithic polycarbonate design in bold colors is so iconic that Nokia/Microsoft Lumia phones still sport more or less the same design. If you don't already know the story, then let me try to put it in a nutshell: the N9 was a flagship phone powered by a new Linux-based OS called MeeGo that Nokia released shortly before making a pact with Microsoft, and which Nokia quickly deserted to invest all their resources into Windows Phone. MeeGo was very innovative for its time, getting rid of the need for physical and virtual buttons and making everything revolve around swipes. Even today, I still find the swipe gestures in MeeGo more intuitive than iOS and Android. Anyway, enough about nostalgia -- below are my impressions of the phone after using it as my daily driver for over a year in 2012. Don't let the four-star rating scare you; the N9 would easily score a perfect 5/5 if I had reviewed it in 2011.RECEPTION AND CALL QUALITYGood. Reception where I live is fine. I've never had to ask the person on the other line to speak up, and vice versa, even in very noisy environments (I think the noise cancellation mic helps here). The speakerphone could be louder though.DISPLAYGreat! Some people may not like the Pentile display, but for me the true blacks and colors that pop more than make up for a little fuzziness. I love the OLED display.BATTERY LIFESo-so. Maybe I'm too much of a power user, but the battery life could be better -- a lot better. It will only make it through a day with mild usage.CAMERAGood. The photos taken with this phone can be very nice in the right lighting conditions. The camera software is also fully featured. It doesn't compare to the iPhone 4-5 camera, but no complaints here.EASE OF USEGreat! Once you get used to the Swipe system, there's no going back. It's so second nature that I found myself swiping to close or switch apps on the iPhone inadvertently.DESIGN AND FORM FACTORGreat! One of the best phone designs ever. From the quality of materials, choice of materials, styling and fit -- everything comes together to make a timeless masterpiece.PORTABILITY (SIZE / WEIGHT)Good. Just a tad heavier than an iPhone 4, but with a 3.9&#34; screen. It is very easy to grip and use in one hand compared to the phablets that have been dominating this space recently.MEDIA SUPPORTGood. Maybe not as flexible as Android, but it can play all my music and movies out of the box. There's no memory card slot, and you only get about 4 GB of space to install apps, even with the 64 MB model. Kind of misleading if you ask me.DURABILITYGreat! The polycarbonate shell on this phone can take a beating, and you won't have to worry about paint chips. I've dropped it at least twice with no issues. This is one phone that deserves to be seen without a protective case.ECOSYSTEM (APPS, ACCESSORIES, ETC.)So-so. It cannot match the Apple and Android ecosystems, but I was still able to find quality apps to replace most of the ones I used on those platforms.BOTTOM LINELooking back on my time with the Nokia N9, I've been mostly happy with it. Sometimes even ecstatic (design and software), but a few times it left me wanting more (app space and battery life). If I could summarize the character of this phone in one sentence, then I'd say it's a solid phone with an iconic design and promising OS that never got a chance to shine because it came out at the wrong time. Although the Nokia N9 is pretty much dead now, it is survived by the new Jolla phone and its Sailfish OS, which is a direct descendant of MeeGo. I know what I'll be getting for my next mobile phone ;).

The phone is good shape but not what i expected. I use the internet alot and battery go dead in about three minutes off the charger. To text you dont have auto correct. The service is horrible you walk into a building you automatically loose service. But sales goes they were prompt, and answereed any questions i had.

N9 size, operation and function wonderful.  It takes good pictures and the time on the home screen can be seen without glasses!

Phone developed sound pick up issues right away!The lady who sold me the phone was great at making things right! I was 100% satisfied at the way she handled Everything.I would buy from her again! Other than the sound pick up issue phone was good.

The phone is easy to use, very good c&aacute;mara, good reception, is easy to syncronize, just ... I love it!

Nice phone. It seems to be very cheap related to my country. Nice and fast shipping. It's really good phone basing on the price. Thanks.

I change phones every couple of months and i have to say that this one is my favorite. I had nexus 4 and eveb thou its faster than nokia n9, nokia has better reception and the swipe is so much more intuitive. N9 has a good navigation and good browser. The only weak thing of the phone is the speaker, unfortunately it is low comparing to other phones. In general the best phone so far and i dont se see anything that can replace it.

The only true negative about the phone is that Nokia CEO Stephen Elop killed development of the MeeGo system so the company could focus on Windows Phone.Others have said that this is a physically beautiful phone, and it's true. There is so much to like about the phone that it makes you wonder how far MeeGo could have gone.It's pure Nokia from its purposeful shape to its interface and minimalist design. The Gorilla Glass is an excellent choice, because it should stand up to hard use. (I'm going to get a Zagg screen protector, anyway.)Included in the box is a silicone glove that fits so perfectly that it feels like the phone's original cover. It doesn't add any bulk to the phone. It slips easily into a pants or shirt pocket.There are just three buttons on the phone, and they are all on the right side. There is volume up and down and the power button. That's it. You can wake the phone with the power button, or you can use an option that allows a double-tap on the screen, which is what I use. No more accidentally pocket dialing - at least, so far.I'm moving up from the N900, which I thought was a very good phone. The N9 is a big leap forward. It's a fingertip-driven OS, which is responsive. The brightness of the screen at its default middle setting is excellent, although I would like to be able to turn off the automatic mode.I'm using the OS with PR1.3. Call quality is very good, and because the phone has NFC, it was a simple matter of touching the phone with the bottom of the base for the Luna Bluetooth earpiece to sync. I transferred my contacts from my N900 via Bluetooth. You can also sync your schedule, notes and SMS messages, if you want.I bought the 64GB version, and I would urge others to do the same. There is no ability to add extra memory via an SD or Micro-SD card - or even a new battery. So it makes the most sense to get the phone with as much built-in memory as possible.The phone's camera has a flash. There is no shutter release. You touch the screen to indicate where you want it to focus, and then touch the camera icon to take a photo. Simple enough, although I generally find the process of taking a photo with a phone to be a bit awkward. The rear-facing camera uses a Carl Zeiss Tessar lens. There also is a front-facing camera of so-so quality for video calls.The "home" screen holds all of your application icons in rows running down the screen, which can make for a long list if you add a lot of apps. The upgraded MeeGo OS allows you to create folders. You then move your app icons into the folders.One feature of the phone is Swype, which lets you type without lifting your finger from the screen. After enabling Swype, you move your finger from letter to letter on the keypad. It takes a few tries to get the hang of it. Once you do, it really cuts down on the time that it takes to write a text message.The virtual keyboard is small, particularly when holding the phone upright. When not using Swype, each keypress shows an enlarged letter, which helps to cut down on errors. Still, typing in information is a slow process.Charging is via a Micro-USB port, which also sits next to the door for the Micro-SIM card. The charging port is covered by a flip-up door, which I think could easily snap off. I would have rather have seen a sliding port cover. Next to the charging port is the headphone jack, which I think should have some type of cover to protect it from rain. In its case, the SIM card door is covered, which makes sense.The phone's speaker is on the bottom. It has decent quality, although I think the stereo speakers on the N900 were better quality.This is not a 4G phone. It's 3G. One very cool thing is that you create your Wi-Fi connections. The phone will automatically connect to Wi-Fi, saving you on data downloads. When you move out of Wi-Fi range, the phone automatically shifts to a 3G connection. You never have to think about it, unless you enter a new Wi-Fi zone. You'll still have to authenticate certain connections, such as those at McDonald's, Starbucks, Barnes and Noble and others.But I like that it transitions from one to the other seamlessly.Likes: Operating system, design, interface, gorgeous screen, impressive build quality, implementation of Bluetooth, NFC and Wi-Fi.Dislikes: No ability to add external storage or change the battery, flimsy cover for Micro-USB port, smallish virtual keyboard.Biggest dislike: Nokia killed off MeeGo.UPDATE (6/11/13): I've been working with the phone for about a week. It's truly an elegant phone. The screen is beautiful, and the phone is slim enough to slip into a shirt pocket. I don't think it's a phone that I want to put into my back pocket and then -- without thinking -- sit down.Installing (and uninstalling) an app is very smooth. The Nokia store isn't completely empty, but of course it pales in comparison with Google Play and iTunes. But that's the state of MeeGo.Bluetooth functionality is very good. I have the Luma earpiece, which is also NFC. Pairing with the N9 is about as easy as it gets. Touch the back of the phone (above the camera) with the base of the Luma, and it paired in seconds.I like being able to close an app rather than have it running in the background. Some (Facebook -- that figures) won't close with a simple top-to-bottom swipe.I've increasingly been using the Swype keyboard, which is great for sending texts, but not so great for filling out forms on a Web site. It's best to temporarily turn it off.Battery life is so-so. I would have been OK with a few more grams/ounces for a larger-capacity  battery. If you use the phone for texting, checking e-mail and a few other tasks, expect to charge it nightly. But I think that generally is true for most smartphones today. It seems to be a trickle charge, which should help extend battery longevity.Apps that I've added so far:- Flashlight: It works very well. I use this more often than I thought I would.- MeeScan: Barcode scanner. It's a must for smartphones.- Dropian: Good to have for DropBox users.- Panorama: A bit clunky but works.- Opera browser: It doesn't work with the Swype keyboard, and I don't really care for the Opera keyboard.- Firefox browser: Works as expected, although the built-in browser also is very good.- Angry Birds: I'll admit to loving this game, except now I have to replay all of the levels.- SpotOn: It extends the functionality of the built-in Wi-Fi hotspot. I recommend this.- Grab Radio and Internet Radio: Still playing around to see which I like best. I would like TuneIn Radio, which both seem to use to some degree, but both of these radio apps are missing some of my favorite local stations.I also added about 130 albums of music. The built-in music player has enough features for me. I would like to see the video player be able to handle FLV videos. I guess I'll find a video converter.

Excellent telephone, elgante, easy to handle. but tienene as points against: the battery is consumed too fast, does not support or viber whassatp and other popular applications that are not compatible with the operating system meego. at least in Venezuela with movilnet

I've had this phone for a little over a week now, and I like it more and more everyday. There was an element of frustration at first...Gmail doesn't seem to want to play nice with Meego. Even some of the workarounds wouldn't help my mail and contacts to sync. Maps would freeze, Drive wouldn't load, and there was a few other hair-pulling frustrations.So why five stars? Well, most of my frustrations were fixed. Peruse the pages of the Meego forum and you'll find a lot of answers to tech problems. The N9 user community is very helpful. Also, the phone itself makes the tech woes dissipate from utter user-joy: the screen is incredible, a joy to look at. The N9 UI is the most intuitive touch screen experience  I have ever used. The indicators on the lock screen are smart. I can't believe more smart phones don't use the same approach to indicators.I'm using my N9 on T-mobile, and while I seem to have fewer signal bars overall, I have fewer dropped calls. I can even talk on my N9 in my basement, which I couldn't do with my Sprint phone. Whether or not it's because T-mobile has a superior signal, or whether it's because the N9 has a better antenna -- I dunno.Some have said that the Ovi store has a paltry selection, but I've found everything I need and more. Sure, it's no Google play, but how many light saber and fart apps does a phone need?Admittedly, the battery is wanting. If you have a bunch of background apps running, it'll be toast in one day or less. But if you tweak your settings, you'll easily get at least two days with moderate usage.So, it's a phone I recommend. Even with all the baggage of the various tech problems (which are fixable), the poor battery, and the fact that Nokia will quit supporting it after 2014 (might need a new phone by 2015 anyway) it's still worth it. You know you have an awesome phone when the associates at T-mobile and best buy ogle it with "wows" and "where did you get that?" The N9 is like a pretty girl - she's worth fighting for.

I love this beautiful phone and have no desire for any other.  I've been using it for about a year.  Both the hardware and software are exceptionally well-designed.  It is a geek's dream, especially if you enjoy fiddling and like Linux, although it is simple to use even if you don't like the technical stuff.  The system is a pleasure to use, and the most critical smartphone features are all there and work superbly.  It syncs with both my iCloud and Google calendars; e-mail and web browsing work great, etc.  There is now a community-supported repository for apps, so keeping the phone up-to-date will no longer be dependent on Nokia. The only downside is that the battery is hard to replace (there is a youtube video that shows how; it is critical to get the proper torx-plus screw driver because the screws strip very easily).  It should not be necessary to replace the battery after just one year but I had a mishap and thought I killed the original battery, but then eventually I revived it. There is an active community of folks who love this and similar niche (for now) phones, so it is easy to get info and help.

it's just a shame that Nokia stopped supporting it, cause even with that, it's still an amazing device.At less than 300 euros, it's really a good deal, specially with 64 GB of memory!

I bought it for one year ,and I have to plug every second and minute the battery is horrible I don't know what to say I'm paying for wifi and it the worst phone I've ever had I wish I can throw in the ocean. The only thing I can do is say hello and now it making noises like waves. I wish will get a refund I don't want you to have the same mistake I had. It good for nothing phone. I want to give it negative -100

I've owned the N9 for about two months now and am extremely happy with it.  The more I use Meego, the more I like it.  My tablet has Android ICS and I thought it was great, but Meego is far cleaner.  It's also extremely intuitive.  I didn't need to learn anything to use this phone. The Swipe feature is similar to the PalmOS Swipe and is a highlight of this phone.  It's so easy to move between and close program.  The N9 is also very fast with a responsive screen and many programs can be open at once without slowing down the phone.The build quality of the phone is great.  It feels like it's all one piece.  The screen curves into the case.  The screen is vibrant and speaker is crisp.  Calls go through with one try and I haven't had any dropped calls.  The battery seems to last a long time for my purposes - the battery is still about 3/4 full after 16 hours of usage (I charge it overnight).  I estimate my usage as follows per day - 10 minutes talk time, 6 hours playing music, checking email several times a day, 10 texts, a few minutes on the internet, and a few minutes of game play.  I check email and Facebook manually.The N9 is a pentaband phone so it works with both ATT and TMobile 3G.  It requires a micro sim card, but I just stopped by my local Tmobile store and they gave me a micro sim for free.  I was also able to set the phone so that it automatically uses WiFi while I'm at home and 3G while I'm out.One of the most important features to me was the music player and I am very happy with the N9's player.  The sound quality is great and I've even heard new things in my music that I hadn't heard with other players.  With 64GB of space, I was able to fit all the music I need on the player, with lots of room to spare.  I wish this phone had a memory card slot too, but with 64GB of space, I haven't come anywhere close to needing one.  Also, if you have an older Nokia in-line music controller that came with a Symbian phone, it will work with the N9's player.The camera is good too.  It's easy to share pictures on Facebook or send them as an MMS.  The image quality is acceptable, but I'm picky about cameras.  It works well for taking pictures of random things I see when I'm out.  Swiping through pictures to view them is fast too.  I downloaded an app that takes panoramic photos, which is fun to use.I am happy with the selection of apps available on the Nokia Store.  It's no where near as extensive as the apps available for iPhone or Android, but it has the essentials - QR code reader, hot spot creator, call recorder, translator, Angry Birds, Opera Mobile, and more.  You might want to browse the Nokia Store before purchasing the phone to make sure there are enough apps to suit your needs.  While this phone isn't popular in the US, it seems to be popular throughout Europe and Asia, so new apps are still being created.There are a few of downsides to this phone.  My previous phone was a Nokia N97, which ran Symbian.  Symbian could be customized much more than Meego.  I was disappointed that the N9 comes with only 3 profiles, without the ability to create more.  I was also disappointed that the Nokia Suite that I used with my N97, could not be used with the N9.  Without the Nokia Suite, there is no easy way to back up text messages on the N9, like there was with Nokias running Symbian.  The last downside is that Nokia does not make a US version of this phone (like it does for other phones like the N97).  I ordered directly from Amazon and my phone was branded with a "Starhub" logo and included "Starhub" apps.  I researched "Starhub" and it's a mobile provider in Indonesia.  I almost sent the phone back because of this, but decided to give it a try anyway.  I kept it because despite its shortcomings, as I grew to love this phone.Overall, this is a great phone and I definitely recommend it.  It's a very unique phone and it's too bad that Meego hasn't taken off.  I still think it surpasses Android with its simplicity and beauty.  It's not for everyone, but it's worth giving it a chance if it sounds interesting to you.

The specs and functionality is this phone is great! Def better then windows phone(its a waste Lumia 900 is windows) and android. The only problem I had with this is that its made in China and I don't know if the specs/standard for China is low or something but the battery life is horrible!!! I've let drained completely on first day used and shut down to charge complete. Repeated over 5x's b/c this is suppose to help prolong the battery since its new. Unfortunately the battery last's only about 3.5hrs with minimal use and I have all the things on it off and lowered to preserve power already too. This phone is suppose to last about 7hrs. So if you're getting a N9, I deff recommend but not ones made from CHINA!!!! I love this phone, just sad it wasn't the right one...should've gotten the white one instead.

Whenever i take/place a call, the incoming/outgoing call voice has a low background noise. But if i switch over that same call to speaker option i wont hear any disturbance.

EXCELLENT SLIM LOOK, WINDOWS 8 STILL LEARNING TO USE IT. HAS LOTS OF FUNCTIONS, EASY TO SEARCH WEB, MAKE CALLS SIMULTANEOUSLY, VERY ADAPTABLE VERY CHIC

I have used several Nokia phones and I must say this is the best of their creation. Once you unpack, a beautiful unibody design greets you with smooth edge to edge gorilla glass. Meego Harmattan experience is wonderful and I was able to find almost all the apps I used on my older Lumia 800. The OS is a champion of power optimization. With all interfaces on full throttle, this guy can easily churn out 28- 30 hours use. And by use i mean constant push messaging, email, whatsapp and facebook.To add to this, Jolla announced that they will support the upcoming Sailfish on N9 which makes this an exciting phone to own for geeks like me.All in all a wonderful device, and I really feel bad for Nokia, for abandoning this OS and this device.

i love it it does what i expect from it  and also i want to see if u have nokia that is  4g  because n9 is only an 3g phone thank u

Awesome phone!! Looking to get one more!!!I love that it has lots of memory and that it is international! Yay

I have been wanting this phone for almost two years now. So when the price finally dropped below $300 i had to buy it. I am very pleased with my purchase and the quality of the phone itself. The only con is that there aren't many common apps and the whatsapp equivalent for this phone is not consistent. Otherwise a great phone.

If you are looking at this phone in this day and age, you probably know what you want anyway, and you will not be disappointed.

This is a phone that is revolutionary. An all swipe phone that has tons of memory, html 5 compatible browser, and a good video and music program. Its better than my last phone, nokia e71, but it lacks the battery capability. I like the apps on it. I just wish it had a better battery. For those who are wondering of this phone works for straight talk, i am happy to say it does. I wish they would make more phones like this.

Other reviewers have done a stellar job of detailing the pros and cons of this phone so I am going to keep this short.At 250 dollars for the 64 GB version in May 2013, just the top-notch hardware alone makes it worth it.The swipe experience is all that it is cranked up to be, however bear in mind that if you are coming from WebOS like I was, some aspects of the Meego implementation may seem underwhelming. IMO, WebOS has more polish.Also, Nokia should have done a better job of basic things such as Contacts integration; I was surprised at the amount of work involved in bringing in contacts from Google, LinkedIn etc - in sharp contrast to my experience with the humble 70 dollar Palm Pixi.This phone can be stood up on edge, which in conjunction with the time readout on the standby screen makes for a great night-time bedside clock!Also, ground-up support for multitasking within Meego keeps the overall experience very smooth(and this despite the N9 sporting a single-core processor) -  much better than my "multicore" Sony Android Tablet S.And last but not the least, this is one of the most pocketable smartphones out there - Nokia does get a few things right from time to time.

Put 4 because the phone had some small nuances to me. Pink stripe on display width of 1 point in a few days on the body of a tiny crack appeared , but the phone did not fall and nepotryasa subjected to pressure. The rest of the unit is simply amazing! Thank you very much . :-)

I had an iPhone4 and although I loved the phone I hated paying AT&T; almost $165 a month for a "so-called" unlimited plan in addition to them limiting some of the best functionality of the phone.I'm not a fan of windows or android either so I decided to give the Nokia N9 a try unlocked over Tmoblile and thus far I have not been disappointed.There are a number of things that it does better than the iPhone with the app Drive being one of the main things.  Since I travel often I love the turn-based navigation and the fact that you can download maps to the phone and use them offline when traveling abroad.The only negative with this phone is that it is weak on apps.  However, since I can tether with my N9 via wifi or usb (without an additional fee} I've kept my iPhone and just tether it to my new device.  So now I have the best of both worlds and a small cell phone bill and I love it.I recommend that you get the Luna bluetooth if you get this phone.  It's the best bluetooth that I have ever had and is the perfect companion for this phone.

I love the phone I have the 16 gig one I wanted the 64 gig so that is why I bought  this one but it wouldn't recognize the T-Mobile sim card. Its wasn't unlocked.

The N9 is stylish and the operating system is smooth and the call quality is great. Also having that 64 Gb built-in is el supremo. On the thumbs down side of things I found out real quickly that my wifi connections only last a few minutes and the connection is dropped for no reason. This happens on my ATT wifi data connection too. Even if there is excellent connectivity on a network it doesn't matter, it will still lose the signal. I need to trouble shoot that problem ASAP.The other thing I don't like is you have to down load an app so you can use the front camera and once you do, you are disapointed to see that it's images are of inferior quality. It's got a very decent 8mp camera w/720 HD video. Couldn't they have put a better camera on the front? Shame on you Nokia. On a higher end phone that is unacceptable IMHO.Anyways I like the phone, but have now relegated it to my 2nd string backup smart phone in favor of my Lumia 900. I also enjoy using my Nokia N8 with it's great 12 mp camera. Soon I will get the Nokia lumia 920 to add to my collection. Got to love Nokia, best phones on the market and the mnost stylish...but alas, no smart phone is perfect.

The Nokia N9 is a fantastic phone. Probably the best phone hardware I've ever used, running the best mobile OS I've ever used. I'm quite familiar with Android, Symbian, iOS, and Windows Phone 7.5 (and presumably WinPho8, since that's supposed to be a 'refinement', not a complete OS change). I've also used many different types of hardware, from plasticky Samsungs to aluminum Nokias to glass/aluminum iPhones/iPods to mishmash Motorolas and Sony Ericssons.This...is the best one to have in the hand, to look at, to rub against your cheek...not that I ever did such a thing.-Hardware-It's made of plastic. But not the cheap kind Samsung like to use with their Galaxy phones. Instead, it's a single piece of machined, high-grade matte polycarbonate - the same kind used in F22 jet fighters - that's colored all the way through, so even deep scratches won't show up as discolorations. The front of the device is devoid of any buttons, leaving you with a piece of convex Corning Gorilla Glass that is so beautifully integrated into the shell, it looks like it's been melted on. The bottom right corner sports the front-facing camera (strange position, but presumably, Nokia want you to video chat in landscape, like a normal computer monitor), and the bottom left has a breathing light to tell you when it's charging. At the top center, you have a silvery Nokia logo, next to which is the proximity and light sensor. Above them, in the polycarbonate shell, is the earpiece. That's all you have on the front.On the right side of the phone, you have the volume rocker and lock/power buttons, all shiny chrome. The bottom houses the speaker grill and microphone. The left side is a barren expanse, and the top is where you'll find the covered USB plug, headphone jack, and microSIM tray. The back has a lovely centered chrome plate containing the 8.7 megapixel Carl Zeiss lens and engraved Nokia logo, next to which is the dual LED flash. Nokia took minimalism to a whole new level with this phone.The screen itself is a comfortable 3.9", which is big enough to type on in portrait and small enough to use with one hand. It doesn't have as sharp a display as, say, the iPhone 5 (326 ppi compared with 251 ppi), but its AMOLED ClearBlack Display technology ramps up the contrast to near infinite, something that cannot be said of the iPhone's LCD display. The blacks are so...black...that it's almost impossible to tell where the screen ends and the bezel begins until you add some color, and that's on any brightness. The colors are bright and in your face, the curved glass lending to the effect that the icons are floating on the screen. That contrast between colors adds to this phone being usable even in bright sunlight, something we have in surplus here in Texas! One thing that I can say is a bit distracting at times is the PenTile pixel arrangement, as on the Samsung Galaxy SIII. Put simply, the pixels are arranged in such a way that it looks almost as if a very fine mesh were over the screen. It's not terrible, but once in a while, you notice it, and it's impossible to un-notice it for a while after that. On white screens, you might be able to see a pixel-wide vertical magenta stripe on the left edge, and a mirrored (green) stripe on the right. Other than that niggling issue, all is well.Inside, you'll find a 1GHz TI single-core processor backed by 1GB RAM and dedicated GPU, which, due to optimization of the OS itself, makes the phone go about its business like a greased weasel. It also boasts Nokia's signature pentaband antennae, with support for nearly all GSM networks you care to come across in your travels, including T-Mobile and AT&T; here in the States. NFC is a nice touch, enabling you to transfer files and such or pair Bluetooth devices with a simple tap (much as Samsung want you to think they invented it, it's been around much longer than the SIII has).As other reviews have stated, however, the battery isn't phenomenal. I'm a pretty heavy user, and I've been able to deplete the battery in less than a day. That said, I was outside much of the time, so the brightness was always up (a battery killer on OLED screens), plus push notifications and all that good stuff.Another thing is the loudspeaker. It's...ok. My last phone was a Nokia N8, and that had a great loudspeaker, if a bit tinny at times. The N9, though, suffers a bit. Unlike the N8, the N9's sound can't be muffled by simply placing a finger over the speaker grill, which is a plus. Instead, it feels as if the sound is coming out of the entire bottom 1/3 of the device. Calls on speaker are adequate, but music and movies? Get some headphones.The buttons on the right side do feel a bit jiggly, but aren't about to fall out of the device. If you use the provided rubbery case (which adds about a millimeter extra girth, probably less), you won't notice that slight wobbling at all.The ambient light sensor is rather eager, sometimes overly so. It's easy to convince the phone that nighttime approaches simply by holding a hand a foot away and blocking the brightest light source.-Software-You've heard of iOS, Android, Windows Phone, WebOS, and Blackberry OS. You may have even heard of Tizen and Bada and Symbian. Ever heard of MeeGo? Probably not, and that's because there is only one mass-produced MeeGo phone currently in existence: the Nokia N9.Quite simply, it is superb. It's a joint effort by Intel and Nokia on an open Linux kernel to create the most intuitive and simple mobile OS in the world. I think it worked. All you do...is swipe. Wake the screen up with a double-tap, then swipe the screen from the bottom to the top. Switch homescreens with a swipe from left to right or vice versa. Put an app aside by swiping from the bottom, or close it by swiping down from the top. In an app, swipe up from the bottom and hold it halfway up for a second - you get the launcher with commonly used apps (phone, messages, camera, and web are the default; they can be changed with an app). Everything is fast, smooth, and easy.When you start the phone up, you're greeted with the main homescreen - a grid of apps. Scroll up and down - no explanation necessary. Swipe from the right and you get a screen of open apps displayed as live cards. Yes, this is true multitasking. You can minimize apps and stare at them in this homescreen as they go about their respective duties. I've had map downloads, app downloads, installations, and web pages loading all at the same time, and simply watched them go on this screen. From here, you can long-press any app to display little red X's to close them individually, or select the Close All option at the bottom. Simple. Swipe right to left again. This is the last homescreen, displaying notifications. Everything goes in here - SMS messages, Facebook notifications, RSS feeds, emails, tweets, calendar events, etc. It's all organized like the normal Facebook news feed, with messages and emails at the top, separated from the rest. Above them all, the time, date, and weather. Swipe right to left again, and you're back to the main app grid.Nowadays, most people seem obsessed with the number of apps in any given OS ecosystem, and I do get it to some degree. With iOS and Android (WinPho is catching up), you have apps for everything. Literally. With MeeGo...not so much. However, if you can't find something in the Nokia Store, you can hop onto the interwebs and get something there. Kindle? Done. iBooks? Done. YouTube? Done. Dropbox? Done. Google Reader? Done. Evernote? Done. Pandora? Well...not quite. Spotify is available, though, as is a great internet radio app from Nokia. Whatsapp? Done. Instagram? Done. Facebook, Twitter, Skype? Already integrated so well, you can call someone via VoIP, or send them a Facebook message, or chat with GTalk...all from the contact card. Facebook messages and SMS messages go to a unified inbox, so it's easy to switch back and forth depending on how you want to communicate.As was also mentioned in another review, the MeeGo community of developers is amazing. To quote a certain blog, "It would seem the Meego community doesn't like being left out of anything; either that or when they hear an app developer say 'No, we don't have any plans at the moment', that translates into 'I dare you to do it yourself'." And it's quite true. Dead platform? I don't think so. There are many talented developers out there who know what this phone can do, and are willing to devote their time and energy into making it do it, usually for free.Small touches on this OS show how much thought went into making it. In standby, the AMOLED has softly-lit pixels displaying the time, using up next to no energy (there is an app that allows you to edit what that screen says - date, battery info, network connections, etc.). Double-tap the screen to wake it up. New message/email/voicemail/missed call? Slide that notification to the side, and it opens it up directly. Need to put it on vibrate? Tap the top (where you would slide down with Android/Symbian/iOS) and hit Silent. Playing music from your collection? Hit the options button and get recommendations based on what you're listening to that open in Nokia Music (no USA option, but you can access the one from the UK!).-Overview (tl;dr)-Drop-dead gorgeous and sturdy hardware matched to equally beautiful and hardy software make this phone a true delight to use every day. You will be noticed if you have this phone. Take it to a T-Mobile or AT&T; store, I dare you.Some claim this phone is limited by lack of apps. I say - you didn't look hard enough. This phone may not be for the average user who loves games or toting specs. Instead, it's for the real power users, those who are sick of iOS and Android, or don't want a phone everyone else and their dog has. This phone has much to offer, limited only by the imagination of its fan base.Oh, and...first thing to do when you get it: Update to PR 1.3!*Small Update*-I just realized this, so I figured I'd add it on: you can tether quite easily with this phone, even if you don't have a tethering plan. Now, when you choose the US as the region, it blocks it. Just download an app like SpotOn and there you go - instant tether!-I also wanted to mention...that shiny chrome plate on the back? I'd have to say that's the only design flaw on this phone, because even though it looks great at first, it attracts scratches. Since it's right there on convex curve of the rear of the device, it rests there. Drag it across any hard surface and there are scratches. So even though this phone is too pretty to put in a case, you should definitely do something about it. The included case fits perfectly, and raises the chrome plate off the resting surface slightly, so that's a possible solution.-Another thing: be careful when you're charging the phone or when it's hooked up to the computer. The little plastic door covering the USB port isn't as tough as the rest of the phone, and I have the feeling that it's going to be the first thing to go for many people.-Remember how I said it's for power users? I forgot to mention Developer Mode! Just go into Settings, then Security, then Developer Mode, and toggle it on. It'll download a few things to help you get started, then you're free to mess around till your heart's content! And if you happen to brick the thing, flash the open source software (you can get it from Nokia directly) and you're good to go at it again. Truly a versatile phone.

It is not only a marvelous product as a cellphone but also as an Amazon merchandise. It's been delivered right on time, in perfect conditions and it comes exactly as the description says it does.As a product, I can say that, besides being extremely easy to use, intuitive and self-explanatory, it comes ready for you to start using everything it has to offer without the need of any download of any program of any kind (not that you are not able to do it, if you wish). The Music program sounds great, the camera is formidable, it's fast, keeps running normally even if you leave dozens of programs opened, the GPS works without the necessity of an internet connection, and so on. A cell phone never answered to all my needs the way this one does. It's a lot better than a one that comes with Windows mobile (that turns out limiting your possibilities), and I'm not speaking just about software, and costs the same. If you doubt what I mean, do your researches at Nokia.com, youtube and elsewhere you mean. You'll see that this is the best option for you, that seek for the elegant and the best.

The craftmanship and attention to detail on this phone is top notch. As illustrated by other reviews, Meego is a delight to use; however, the lack.of apps and support makes the phone restricted and narrows its allure.

I bought the N9 instead of an iPhone 5. I wanted the Linux terminal. I got exactly what I was looking for.

soso  I think it's not easy to control.And many app can not be set in .not very easy .. .

I had this for about three weeks. Nearly all of the high-end smartphones today are very large and pushing into tablet territory. Anything smaller usually meant sacrificing build quality or specs. This phone bucks the trend.  It's looks clean, minimalist and is unique. (not just another iphone or android)Apps are a non issue for me. this is not a "fart apps", or gaming device, but the few apps available are very useful. There is a committed developing community that brings a lot of good features.One minor thing I noticed was the speaker and earpiece volume is a bit low. This is probably a volume limitation to protect hearing.  Not a deal breaker, but I will make sure to look for a volume tweak.This is a great phone. Excellent build quality, simple UI and great multitasking. With today's growing smartphone trend, I'm glad I found a pocketable high-end device.

I don't understand what are Nokia doing with that Nokia N9. Is really a good product, desing, etc. But the software dont give the results I wait and all peoplpe speaking.May idea is: The manufacturers sales the terminals but free with out operating sistem and the consumer buy the system we like, android, windows, symbiam..The problem of Nokia N9 is to be a legend how a item but the operating sistem for the moment is dead.I buy 2 N9 and I have a satisfaction with the product but no with the operating system.

This is a really great cell phone, good hardware, and a good but unfortunately deprecated operating system. It lacks applications, and Nokia looks to not care about it anymore, so, looks like people with this phone will be limited to the current set of applications, and the few ones able to download from nokia store.Also, the SDK for this phone is deprecated, I had to workaround some stuff to install the SDK on my Fedora system, because the packages available for Fedora is just for Fedora 14, and looks like the another packages for another OSes are also deprecated. So, this is a good cellphone but with no more attention from Nokia, which make it IMHO a bad buy. I bought it because it's almoste pure Linux, without many modifications like android, but, tbh, an Android 4.0 phone looks now a better choice than this.

I am unable to use whatsapp with this phone. Whatsapp applications does not exist for this phone. it is very inconvenient

I travel between the U.S. and the Middle East as a contractor. So the sim card change is easy. Everything comes up bright and clear and easy to use.

"Great seller and great product, even included a power outlet converter since the original charger was European standard. Loved the early delivery and I absolutely love this product! Thank you! :)"

very good phone

Bottom line is I could only access the homepage from the lockscreen about half the time. Swiping wouldn't work. Drove me crazy!!!!!

Let's just get this out of the way right now. The Nokia N9 is the most beautiful phone hardware I've ever owned. Not a surprise, as only Nokia and Apple churn out engineering this elegant.  I'm somewhat of a phone junky, as I've owned most of the headliner phones from the major OS's: iPhone 4s, galaxy s2, galaxy nexus, Samsung focus, etc.Hardware: I'm typing this on my iPad, so don't have the typing patience to get too much into this, but wow this hardware is elegant. The curved screen complements the swipe os perfectly, the unibody construction is so well out together, the large generous speaker on the bottom provides plenty of volume, and the clear black screen really does provide such a vivid picture that icons look like they're floating on the screen.  But really, you have to hold this phone to appreciate it.  The old king of design (iPhone 4s) has been supplemented.One more thing on hardware, and this was huge for me. The antennae on this phone is pure Nokia, I.e. excellent. Typically, I have difficulty getting signal in many places in San Francisco with AT&T;, but the N9 keeps a signal everywhere I go. In the east bay in the hills where my iPhone and nexus routinely would lose signal the N9 has 2-4 bars. It's really amazing.Software: the Meego experience is simple and effective, and I love it. Before Meego, my favorite OS was WP7. To be clear, when I rate an os, personally I'm excluding available software (ie apps). The reason is I'm thinking of the engineering and the thought out into the OS design, not how many developers chose to support it. I'm not saying apps are not important, far from it, but the number of available apps is so individually relevant (or not so) to the Individual user you have to decide how important that is to you.Much like wp7, Meego provides most used functionality with the minimal amount of screen interaction. Close an app, slide down. Switch an app, swipe right. Get notifications, swipe left. Minimize an app, swipe up. That's it. Simple, effective, and gorgeous.The N9 also comes with an incredible amount of connectivity out of the box. Gmail, exchange, Picasa, Dropbox, skype, twitter, Facebook, and more. I especially love how Skype is built in. Make calls and message directly from within the app.Battery: my only gripe with the phone. With everything enabled (especially gtalk, Skype, and Facebook chat) the battery is done after 12 hours of light usage. Start using the phone and youre down to 8 hours...that's is horrible. When you're NOT logged in to the messaging apps, battery shoots up to 2-3 days of light usage, and 16 hours of heavy, which is brilliant. Im not sure if this imitedto a few vocal N9 users, or if this all phones, but this is my experience.Summary: if you don't need a lot of external software, but need a heavily reliable phone that does mail, messaging, camera, Skype, music and video brilliantly, it is amazing. If you need more, definitely take a look at the lumia 900. It's not out yet, but supposedly has the same hardware design with a great os as well.

I'm the kind of people that does not believe in all-in-one products can really does everything included well. I also believe that a mobile device's first and foremost consideration in its design should be on mobility. Therefore, I do not assess N9's functionality in comparison to what other more dedicated devices can offer. Please read my review with that in mind. It's a great phone as far as I'm concern. The navigation concept of the phone is very simple and intuitive. It does what a phone is supposed to do. Besides offering great quality in making / receiving phone calls, a few typical apps for social media networking are included to keep users connected. It also connects to both my personal e-mail / calendar as well as work e-mail and calendar, Gmail and Exchange. It needed some searching and configuration tho. Apps can be found to integrate SKYPE and Gtalk to N9's Contact. That's a feature that I use frequently. The Map / Drive work great just like the Nokia way. The phone is also very reliable. I had to do a reset for Map and Drive to work initially but other than that it runs for weeks without crashes. Although taking pictures on a phone frequently does not turn out to what I would like, N9 does come with a pretty sophisticated software to compensate it and of course, it's packed with a Carl Zeiss lens. I also prefer its dimension and its build quality over other products that make me feel uncomfortable to carry on me as a phone. Well, sorry to say, it runs on MeeGo, an underdeveloped child of Nokia. Despite of its shortages, I still bought it. I still think that it's valuable.

Amazing phone, even being old. It's a shame for Nokia fans. Hope Jolla made the right things and we get a good team : N9+sailfish

Nokia N9 is a great phone that simply arrived at the wrong place in the wrong time. If you're looking at a lasting relationship, it needs to be based on unconditional love. OK, good, it's an easy phone to fall in love with. But you'd better be the monogamous type too.[...]

I can't say too much for this, but the delivery was good, and the product works all right... this phone is so interesting.ThanksPd: And the price is perfect

Love this Nokia N9 Phone. Along with Phone,rubber like cover is provided. That is well fit and protect back side. If you are looking to protect front screen it is better to order some screen protector. I ordered  (Skinomi TechSkin - Screen Protector Shield for Nokia N9 + Lifetime Warranty). You may need also micro sim card if you already have macro sim card. So better to order micro sim cutter and sometimes it takes several weeks to come if you order from outside US. Be careful when you cut macro sim to micro because if it damage to gold foil that will neither work for your new phone nor older. N9 looks better than newer iPhones and provide excellent manufacturing quality. Another important thing is price. Amazon available sellers (Hasselfreecell) provide the cheapest rate if you check out the price of N9-64Gb with somewhere else.

it was delivered at home in front of door and the phone is new its awesome everything its cool i love it

The phone does everything you need a smartphone to do, and has great call reception and quality on top of that (way better than the iphone). It also stands out in a crowd :-)

If you like nokia phone.and don't want a windows phone .This one is good to have and you have a community that suports meego.

Research this phone and know it's capabilities and discontinued ecosystem before purchase so there are no surprises.  I love the interface and being able to have applications open in the background (versus task switching like WP7 or iOS).  Not necessarily superior, but functionally more adept.  I bought the Nokia 360 speaker and pairing through NFC is quick and gives you nice tactile feedback when connecting and disconnecting.  Coming from Blackberry, I wasn't sure if the touch screen typing would bother me but so far it hasn't been an issue (I still prefer physical keypads however despite giving up screen real estate).  Nokia Drive and Maps is easy to use and the best I've seen so far-really a stand out feature on the N9!  Two thumbs up so far with my purchase!

Ottimo cellulare, eccellente per la navigazione internet,il miglior smartphone in commercio!! Senza dubbio.. semplice da usare, il meccanismo dello swipe risulta naturale gi&agrave; dopo qualche secondo di utilizzo.

Iam a nokia fun and i had previous the N95 and the N8. I bought the N9 64GB from AMAZON (Great  service as usual)i have the new phone for one week now and i like it very much. very solid phone and good touch screenThe thing that i don&#8217;t like about it is the messages where the N8 pout them in different files( received, send drafts etc) but the N 9 is just all mix up together....The camera works fine and takes beautiful photosi will write more in the future after spending more time with this phone

I have wanted this phone since it was first announced and was waiting for the price to go down.  I purchased it direct from Amazon (not marketplace seller) and it arrived next day as promised in perfect condition.The MeeGo UI is elegant and simple to use.  I love that the OS is open source encouraging user modification and there are lots of forums online where other users have undoubtedly already posted solutions to any issues I may have.  I can't stand phones from US carriers that you have to sign a contract to buy and then they screw you with data plans, early termination fees and lock down any cool features the phone may have had.  I have been buying unlocked Nokia phones for several years now.  I am using my N9 on T-Mobile on a legacy unlimited data plan.  The only problem I have had is that when I tethered my laptop to my N9 using the WiFi Hotspot app, after a certain amount of data usage T-Mobile blocked my access.  But that turned out to be a problem specific to the Google Chrome browser on my laptop which was easily solved with a free browser extension.The N9 is a great evolutionary step from the N900, which I also own and love.  I do miss the physical keyboard though.  I find the virtual keyboard on the N9 difficult to use in comparison, mostly because the "keys" are small and it's too easy to press the wrong one with no tactile clues to aid you.  I've seen where there are alternate keyboard apps online though, so I will probably try that out and see if it helps.  I do think it's nice that the N9 makes a sound like a physical keyboard when you press the virtual keys.  I'm not big on talking on the phone, but the call quality seems quite acceptable so far.  My Nokia phones have always had great call quality and I see no indications this one will be any different.I have already rooted the phone to enable the WiFi Hotspot app which for some reason does not work out of the box in the US.  The current version of fbreader makes the N9 a nice alternative to my Sony eReader.  The physical form of the N9 is very satisfying.  It's beautiful, sleek, relatively lightweight and feels good in your hand.  I was a bit disappointed that I could only find the 64GB version in black, but I ordered a purple rubber case to go with it to solve that problem.I think my phone may have come from the UK because the power adapter provided with the phone is the terrifying three-pronged British version, and the default language selected was UK English.  There was also a US power converter supplied in the box, as well as a USB cable, earphones and a black rubber case.I couldn't be happier with this purchase and I look forward to playing with my new toy!

I'm writing this in Nov. 2013.  I owned the phone for a few weeks, but ended up returning it.The quick summary: if you know Linux and do some work, it can be an adequate phone.  It will even do things that other phones can't.  But because of a small battery, few apps, slow browser, and age/lack-of-updates it will never be a good phone.  IF YOU DON'T KNOW LINUX (or know someone who does), DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.Long version: My iPhone 3GS was dying.  I tried the HTC One, but found it too wide to use one-handed (and the HTC One Mini too weak).  My second choice was the Nokia N9, which a friend of mine has and loves.It's a pretty phone and is a good size for one-handed use.  The UI is easily learned.The phone claims to be able to import Google contacts, but that's no longer true because Google no longer supports the Exchange protocols.  So, to do basic configuration required "developer mode".  It's like "jailbreaking" IOS or "rooting" Android, except on the N9, it's just a settings change.  (Go Nokia!)  I "ssh"ed a vcard file to the phone, installed a file manager, and opened the file.  This is standard operating procedure for the N9.There are the basic apps for it - and they're pretty good - but rarely are there duplicate apps.  If you don't like the default calendar app (or any of many others), too bad - you're stuck with it.  For example:* I use GMail and the default mail app has awful support for archiving.* I found the photo gallery useless for browsing 3 years of photos.* The support for group text messages was appalling.The webbrowser is slow (because it is old hardware).  Also, websites won't always give the phone the mobile version of the website.  This is fixable by installing Firefox and its "Phony" plug-in, but then you have to use two webbrowsers.The maps are Nokia's own maps, which had closed business (but are probably better than Apple Maps).  The voice navigation was awful.  Sometimes it didn't work at all.I did love that it ran Linux.  It had the "apt-get" package manager.  Copying my music and photo library was as easy as "ssh".The worst part is the battery.  I turned on both Skype and GoogleTalk and the battery was dropping 5% per hour.  That is, doing nothing on the phone would have killed the battery in a day.  I turned those off and the battery would last the day ... as long as no process was running.  I left a game running once - the phone was asleep in my pocket but the game was still open - and the audio process almost killed the battery.  There are utilities (Battery Usage and Billboard Standby Screen) that can help, but battery death is a constant danger.The N9 is fine if you want a play toy that runs Linux.  If you want a phone with features and that you can depend on, look elsewhere.

cant download VIBER  or  TANGO on it. it is a shame almost every smartphone can other than that its ok

Great OS (less app then iOS or Android, but more useful and powerful, tanks to a real linux environment)Extremely configurable (with app for change configuration by place, usage and time).Full of internet related functions (IM, browsing, social, remote control...)Good photoGood multimediaGood battery duration (very usage related, can last for a few day with energy saving configuration or for few hours of continuos gaming)

I got this amazing device just this year's first week, I'm a bit late to the party but I know all i need to know, the good and the bad and yet I bought it, ok it was a good offer and was having some trouble with my beloved N900 but this N9, Shame on You Nokia this device was ready to crush the whole competence with easy, I'm sure it was way better than Android or IOS at the moment it was released not to mention WP8. Ok let's talk about daily use, it is very good looking, elegant, comfortable, very easy to use and also very fast response, provided with 64gb provide a lot of confidence on storage, display is very nice and bright, the phone makes every task an easy job, be it connecting stuff, the sharing tasks, media access, battery is not too bad not too good it is just ok. But I love it, the world would had been better by going this way but it was not. Next big opportunity is Jolla, believe it, embrace it people, trust me!

I'm taking my chance to ask, so if anyone knows-will this work in Tajikistan and can this be set to Russian interface? it's important,i'm searching for a great smartphone either Samsung or Nokia or Sony to give to a friend speaking Russian and in Tajikistan..anybody who knows,please tell,

Others love the feel and appearance I like the functions and apps .7 more words are required 7 more words

Everything is ok,it is on the time I receive,I like this phone and It is good price,the color is great

The seller, Worldwide Distributors, sold me a defective phone that as of right now is completely useless. The first thing I did was to contact them in order to get some support. They answered that their return policy (which I wasn't aware of anyways) had already expired, so I should contact the manufacturer. I called Nokia, and they said that since the phone is "unlocked" they cannot support it here in the US. Are you kidding me? So a contact the seller again, they say the phone is an international version, and it is under international warranty. I go back to Nokia, and now they say there is no such thing as an "an international warranty". Summing it up, I'm right now stock with a useless $260 dollar item that nobody wants to be responsible for.Worst thing of all. The amazon A-Z Guarantee is a joke. I filed twice and both times got denied. They keep saying "you are not eligible for an A-to-z Guarantee Claim because you did receive the item you ordered". Make your own conclusion...

Nokia N9 Unlocked GSM Phone with 64 GB Internal Memory- Excellent product and excellent service from the seller!!! I would recommend folks to buy products from this seller.The phone is amazing. Google how to dual boot the phone to Android ics. Its pretty cool. N9 beats any phone in the market hands down with regards to everything.

&#1101;&#1090;&#1086; &#1090;&#1072;&#1082;&#1086;&#1081; &#1090;&#1077;&#1083;&#1077;&#1092;&#1086;&#1085;, &#1086; &#1082;&#1086;&#1090;&#1086;&#1088;&#1086;&#1084; &#1084;&#1077;&#1095;&#1090;&#1072;&#1083; &#1084;&#1086;&#1081; &#1089;&#1099;&#1085;, &#1086;&#1085; &#1077;&#1075;&#1086; &#1087;&#1086;&#1083;&#1091;&#1095;&#1080;&#1083; &#1074; &#1087;&#1086;&#1076;&#1072;&#1088;&#1086;&#1082; &#1085;&#1072; &#1076;&#1077;&#1085;&#1100; &#1088;&#1086;&#1078;&#1076;&#1077;&#1085;&#1080;&#1103; &#1080; &#1086;&#1089;&#1090;&#1072;&#1083;&#1089;&#1103; &#1086;&#1095;&#1077;&#1085;&#1100; &#1076;&#1086;&#1074;&#1086;&#1083;&#1077;&#1085;

As other reviewers will tell you, the physical device is gorgeous. Meego is a dream to work with. Like others have stated, I find myself trying to "tap to wake" other devices now. It really is a shame that Nokia didn't realize the potential of what they had. While there are not as many apps available for this device, the ones that are are plenty useful. When Sailfish becomes available, I may try it out but I'm extremely satisfied with Meego now.The camera on this device takes amazing pics. Some reviews have knocked it for use in low light but the flash makes up for it with crisp, clean images. To be fair though, I haven't figured out the video yet, as the autofocus seems to have a mind of its own. Movies though are beautiful on this screen and the size of the screen is perfect.For those who are interested but just not sure, you have to try Meego/Harmattan to really know. I think you'll agree that its smooth.

A charger didnt come with my purchase! And so I had to go and buy one separately.. Very upsetting and inconvenient.

exlente equipo, buenas prestaciones, muy r&aacute;pido y con mas que suficiente memoria para todo lo que necesites, ademas de tener muchas utilidades generales que le pueden ser de utilidad para cualquier tipo de persona, con una interface comoda, intuitiva y divertida para el disfrute del operador.

I Bought this phone in June 2013 by November2013  It has created a fault, unable to received or send calls:  when I try to make a call it says insert Simcard,  something is wrong with the connection, I take out the simcard several times and inserted it, I even tried the simcard in another phone and it works. Please help. .

I have always loved Nokias and this one is by far the best one I have owned.  The interface is much simpler and intuitive than Symbian.  Other reviewers are right in that there are limited amounts of apps but the ones available are more than sufficient for my needs.  I use my phone mainly for calling, texting, and navigation.  The navigation is great and hidden feature of live traffic updates makes it even better.  Getting an unlocked phone and using it with a prepaid provider is the only way to go in my opinion since the monthly bill is half the price of a regular carrier.

This handheld meets all of my needs in a smartphone. However if you are heavy into apps you should look elsewhere. This is the only consumer releashed version of Meego, so the dev support is very limited compared to ios, andriod, and wp8. That being said the design and build are top notch. There is a learning curve to the Meego gesture based os but once you become comfortable with it it is very good. As always Nokia has topnotch antenna and satnav.

I hate this phone because it is not good phone. It is the worst phone I have ever have and I really regret why I bought it. It is here with me and I do not know what to do with it because it is not working. It can charge, it can swift on and I cannot return it because the seller did accept me to return it. So people let any one buy this phone other wise you will regret it as I regret it.

Great phone, but can be best, nokia should focus more on the software side, they make nice looking phone and well built, this is one of them, its just the software, it can be laggy

When I first received this phone I was amazed how good the hardware looked and great it felt on my hand.  I inserted my SIM card and turned it on, It was exciting to see the MeeGo OS.  It took a while to get used to it, but once I learned how to use it, I loved it.I connected the phone to Nokia Suite and updated to the new OS.  Once that was done I downloaded several apps that I wanted and I was surprised to see that it had what I wanted in the app store.The new OS came with:Dropbox,Flicker,AccuWeather,Google Chat,Facebook,Twiter,LinkedInand I downloaded,Opera web browser,FireFox and Flash,Skype, AP News,Screen Capture,Panoramic Picture,Nokia Link to connect to a TV,Air used to flip through picture without touching the screen,Compass,Hotels.com,City Scene an app that you can go to street level to see what is around you.US map with voice navigation and there are many others to chose from.Navigation and Nokia maps is amazing, I used it when I drove to NYC and to get around the city.  It's so easy to use just type the name of the business or enter partial address and it will take you there.The speed of the phone between apps is very fast, the web browsing is very fast depending on your network, on T-Mobile it uses 3.5G which is not bad at all.Camera takes very nice looking pictures and videos, they are clear and HD videos look great as well.The on screen keyboard is great, however I like to rotate the phone and use the keyboard that way, I can type faster and with very few mistakes.  When typing it will suggest the word for you and you can select it and type even faster that way, but it will never auto correct your words.  This makes it easy when typing in other languages, it will not change your words.The phone has only three screens, 1-Your notification screen, 2-Apps and 3-Your open opens that you put in the background.  It's so easy to switch between screens, from your home screen (2) swipe to the left it will take to (3) or right and it will take you to (1).This phone may be old by today's standard but it gets the job done and I love it.  The best thing to do is to watch a few youtube videos on how it works when you swipe between apps.I've had this phone since September of 2012 and I can't let it go and can't make the switch over to windows phone that's how great this phone is.  Once you use it for a while you will say, "oh now I understand why the MeeGo team was not happy and left Nokia when they decided to go with Windows", that's how nice this phone is.

Before I finally ordered this phone I went back and forth over a Windows 8 phone or an Android phone. My current phone was a Dell Venue Pro running Mango 7.8 and though I loved the phone it developed a bad micro USB port and I could not connect it to my Mac air to run updates which were not available over the air. With the N9 being discounted by more than $500 and having 64gb of memory I decided to give it a try.I was not disappointed! The screen is bigger than the Dell, the form is smaller and thinner mostly due to there being no buttons on the front of the phone. I was a little concerned that Nokia partnered with Microsoft just before the release of this phone and had pretty much abandoned the Meego os almost before the release of the N9. My concerns were unfounded....Nokia continues to support the product and there are countless sites dedicated solely to the N9, yes it is that good.The build quality and purely intuitive os are a joy to use and the learning curve is surprisingly flat.. I stuck my T-Mobile sim in and set up my email accounts and within minutes I was running on 3.5g and customizing my folders and backgrounds, Really, it was that simple!OK, there are newer and shinier phones like the Nexus 4 or the Xperia phones but even though I considered these units I would buy the N9 again without a second thought, it really is that good.Stand out from the herd...this is a great phone!

Even after all the updates, the SMS application is still buggy. Sometimes the messages appear as a reply under the wrong person, and sometimes it just can't receive SMSs (although it could be due to too many messages? I dunno).There are other buggy issues with this phone and since it won't get updated, I am thinking of just flashing Android on it and using it as a tablet.Also, the built-in battery is really hard to replace. And no SD-card slot, or FM transmitter.No physical camera button either.The screen is nice, and I like the clock it shows in standby mode. It's very fast and smooth UI. But the product is unfinished and the people who used to work on it now work for Jolla Mobile. Stay tuned for the phone they plan to release.

If you are someone who likes (and have time) to find out workarounds in order to have your phone doing what you expect, and doing this on a very nice operating system, then this is a phone for you. If you are not, then just don't buy it, or you will get frustrated quite often. It is a unique phone, but unfortunately is not for everyone any more.Anyway, I love it!

I love the design, but there is not a lot of apps for it and very often lags can happen. However the free maps, and cute original design made me to buy it

It is a worth item with this price. It is stylish Nokia design and don't forget it is 64GB!The logistic is very good.

Great stuff:- top-notch design -- N9 looks amazingly good (to me it looks better than newer iPhones)- excellent manufacturing quality- excellent phone component (better than iPhone with AT&T; I'm getting a very good reception in places where iPhone repeatedly failed with AT&T; network)- works with both AT&T; and T Mobile- superior swipe technology (also better than on Nokia Win platform too)- integrated social networks- 64 GB- much more ROM for processing apps (I was running out of ROM on N8 with maybe a dozen or so themes and maybe a dozen of downloaded apps)- excellently implemented *Dashboard* concept that shows important stuff (appointments, missed phone calls, new emails, etc)Good stuff:- solid camera (but N8 was better in that respect and so is newer iPhone)- easy setup- easy email setup if you have a GMAIL account(s) (for private Hotmail use N9's Exchange server setup and it works great since MS put the Active sync))- WiFi has a solid range- new Linux-based MeeGo OS is pretty good ... even excellent (but I think most people will find iOS and Android either easier or more intuitive)- over-the-air or cloud sync works very well (and better be since Nokia is shutting down some services and N9 is incompatible with Nokia Suite)- battery life seems to be OK (about same as an average iPhone with a few power saving enabled and the BT off)Bad stuff:- if you are addicted to collecting various apps, N9 is either not for you or it could be a cure for your addiction.  While most of the things that a typical user will ever want to use are covered through Nokia Store apps (most of them are free), the Spartan system rules N9 compared to iOS and Android.- no memory expansion slot (think about 64GB instead of 16GB version when ordering)- no user-replaceable battery (same as iPhone)- incompatible with Nokia Suite (use Nokia Link that I found only marginally or minimally useful since it doesn't sync contacts or calendars)- Nokia killing some nice *convenience* services that makes you wonder if their commitment to Windows Mobile platform is going to leave behind some long-time Nokia fansOverall a great product from Nokia, even superb if your main thing is to use this device mainly for phone calls, check email, do some light social networking. If you are more into entertainment on your phone then stick with iPhone or an Android-based phone. If you plan to switch phones, make sure your current phone is using the microSIM card or you'll need to get one from your cell provider or use the cutter. If you are switching from a 4G or newer AT&T; iPhone than you already have microSIM.

I have this phone for about 4 months now.I have to say this phone is beautiful and not your typical smartphone shape.The curvature on the screen to pleasant to hold.I've got quite a few compliments from my friends regarding the appearance of Nokia N9.However, I noticed the screen developed some kind of scratch and its kind of impossible to polish it off. It's probably due to the wearing of the polarizing coat.This phone is NOT for people that wants plenty of apps on their phone.There are very few good apps that you can download or buy that is useful; since Nokia dropped Meego operating system.Overall, great phone.But I wouldn't suggest my friends to buy it.

Beautiful phone...Pros:Battery with normal use, design, swipe functionality, back camera.Cons:Functionality of front camera - need app to use (horrible).Apps - can't download many normal apps such as bank accounts or credit cards.The cons make this phone highly ineffective in today's world - I can't video Skype with my deployed family member (big no no) and I can't deposit checks using my mobile (very inconvenient).I am not a big app guy but I enjoy the deposit-at-home function many banks now offer so the impracticality of that function on the N9 diminishes its value but worse still is the lack of functionality of the front camera. Why would I need to download an app just to use a built-in camera? (silly Nokia)

I love this phone.  I use it as my primary phone when travelling abroad.  I would use it as my daily driver but I'm heavily invested in Android but I do have it as a backup if any of my other phones stop working.

I have tried them all, iPhone, Android, but I always come back to Nokia. This is their best phone yet! The most amazing feature is the quality of the antenna... I have bars and service now where I never had it before!If you are looking for a great phone, this is it. If you are looking for a phone with lots of apps, this is not the one for you.

I like this to its life span. Right now am using it to write all these and many more regarding my financial trans and more.

I like it but not that much because the phone doesn't work as smartphone where you can download apps easily in this phone you have limited apps in the store and to add some you have to do programming on your phone

I am happy to have the nokia N9. It is a very useful phone. I love that it has a map and you can get directions without internet. It does not have a lot of apps in the app store but most of the very useful apps are free. I like the way they integrated facebook into the meego Os. I like the swype feature to navigate around the screen very much. And last but not the least.... you dont get to have the same phones like Tom, Dick, and Harry!!! I highly recommend this phone

This was a nice phone to have. It was great to have something different and unique. I really liked the fact that it had 64GB of internal memory with enough room to store anything I wanted. Really liked Nokia's Maps, since you were able to download the maps that you needed to use without using internet.  The only bad thing about this phone is that you are limited on the apps since they don't have a great viarity

The nokia N9 was better than I expected it to be, even if it is more than 2 years old already. The phone looks gorgeous, specially the screen. The camera is above average and really fast, MeeGo OS is the best thing in this smartphone but its lack of apps could be a problem, not for me though. Everything in this smartphone is as elegant as it gets, animations are very cool and smooth.

This phone continues to remain the king when it comes to having a clean, bright interface that is a joy to use everyday. Purely for this, I'd rate it highly. It is sad that in 2013 we still have button based multitasking and app interaction paradigms on Android.It could've used a little more processor power as it lags sometimes. There are also some bugs, but nothing disastrous.I really wish Nokia hadn't killed of one of the phones that represented how the future smartphone should be, something that sits in the background, not taking over your life, yet displays the information you need when you want it (the always on screen, combined with Billboard is killer!) and is a pleasure to interact with.If you want apps, look elsewhere. If you want  a phone that does the basics right, this is the one.

It is a unique mobile. It works well and makes oyu independant of the iBoys and Droids. This is how a smart phone should work !

The experience is incomparable. The ease of doing tasks in this operating systems will leave you swiping just to see the elegance and the beauty in the simplicity. You should simply try for yourself and become a proud owner like the many who currently do.

I bought this phone after seeing some demos online and seeing the intuitive UI that it had. All you have to do is swipe, swipe to the left to put your app to side and multitask. Picked this up and started to learn within minutes, simple and designed for one handed operation.The UI was way ahead of it's time in execution, saw BB with a similar UI for their QNX OS BB OS ver. 10, a definite nod to Nokia's MAEMO OS for the N9.What I liked about the phone is the built in native features, RSS feed, GPS maps online and offline thanks to Nokia's awesome Navteq, internet radio, camera etc.only thing I didn't like about this phone is the email client. It seems to eventually 'stop working' on POP3 mail accounts. I kept wiping the phone and it works from the start but eventually stops syncing mails with &#34;error contacting server&#34;. Really disappointing since i have it over a year now.I still highly recommend this phone, lots of built in apps, works with all carriers in the US.Apps are not plentiful, but they have a handful available at the OVI store.I liked the phone until the email client started flaking out...

I have been using this phone for 3 months now and am so glad I shook off the yoke of Apple OS and the awful chains of itunes, and the intrusiveness of Android.  This is simply the best most intuitive system I have used.  I can't really recommend the phone to everyone based on the fact that there are not that many apps available since Stephen Elop decided to kill the Meego program.  I hope Jolla(new manufacturers that are former Nokia employees pissed about the dumping of Meego) and Tizen projects move ahead so I never have to carry a A OS or anything related to Google.Smart Phone Aficionado from KY

This is a beautiful and amazingly ergonomic phone. the swipe function is so smooth. Works great with T-mobile's network. That means works well with Solavei too. The noise cancellation, ever present clock face, clear clear display, beautifully flowing functions and the smooth shape are all pluses. The battery is nothing to boast about. I do active battery management - and it lasts a full day at the most. The one thing I miss sorely is Google maps. though there are workarounds, none of them are smooth. There is the inbuilt nokia drive system- which works even without internet. But the search is not as robust as google maps/

Nice phone with some good apps available fordownload. Disappointed that the warranty is only valid in the US. When I rand our NZ Nokia repairer they said it came from Dubai! Thankfully Advanced Computers in Auckland fixed it. Unfortunately it cos t me $179.00 to fix ($200.00 to buy)

wooooooow this cell phone is just how I dreamed it, and I have it because of you, thaaaaaanks so much, ohhhh and one last thing, I received it a day before AWESOME!

Excellent phone.  This particular one is apparently from Kuwait so the warranty is only valid there.  The manufacturer's packaging includes a charger that will work in Kuwait; the seller tossed in an adapter to plug it in here in the US, which I thought was a nice touch.  This phone is discontinued and was never actually supported by Nokia, so don't get it if you don't know what it is.  If you *do* know what it is - get it!

I'm the only person I know with this phone and I couldn't love that more. Everyone I show it too falls in love with it. I love my Nokia N9.

The phone was delivered yesterday and am just proud of myself for choosing this phone. I have been contemplating buying one of these high priced phones but felt too expensive so settled on Nokia N9 based on a friends recommendation and am glad I went for it. I couldn't have settled for anything else - the size and total make is just great for me.I have been wondering why not much noise is being made about such phones compared to the popular ones we know.My only trouble was the size of the sim since mine couldn't fit in but I have just read a review that I could use a cutter or get a micro sim from my provider...I hope that works for me since I love to keep the phone.
