
I like the phone but it has some problems like when I try to call someone I dial the number and press send and nothing happens, but when the call finally goes thru it calls the person twice.

This was a replacement phone for my Droid X, but i like this one better. It has keyboard, is less of a brick, and is still touch screen. Only minus was the charger it was sent with did not work, but I used my Droid X charger. Battery life sucks on Droid's though...

I have no complaints; phone works great. I was a little nervous to buy it based on a lot of the reviews I read but so far I have not had any issues with the phone. It works, seems to keep a charge, so no complaint there. If anything changes I will add an update to this review!

This phone started having problems right away. Turning off, battery not charging, screen freezing.  When I complained company told me, did you know you can get a new battery online?  Not very helpful or concerened about faulty product.

I ordered this phone for my teenage son and he is very happy with it. It came packaged in the manufacturers box with charger, and battery. I am so pleased that I will buy my next phone here also.

Phone appeared to be new in the box.  Only wish Motorola provded more information for firtt time user wihtout having to go online.

The phone is great, just what I needed out of a Motorola. The real reason I gave 5 stars is for the seller. The package came days before it was listed to and neatly packaged within its box which, for me, is a great way to get me to come back for future purchases. A+++++

Its ok I guess,the phone works good sometimes then it works like crap! Apps on the phone freeze up,when I use the keypad it doesn't want to work right,I wouldn't buy another one!!

Got this phone for my daughter's 21st birthday.  Her old phone was so out of date and we couldn't afford a $600. out-of-contract phone.  Found this one brand new and right in my price range!  It has been an awesome phone and my daughter couldn't be happier!  Thanks SO much!!

Ive had this phone for almost 2 years.  The fist week i got it it died and wouldn't charge so Verizon gave me another one. It freezes and randomly opens apps. The wifi just stopped working even though its connected so i dont get any email updates. The screen is unrespinsive. I cannt wait to upgrade and get rid of this pos phone.

Needed a Verizon phone to replace my broken one till upgrade time. Worked fine until the day I was able to upgraded. Fast shipping and great phone.

I did not have any luck with this phone I purchased for my son. It never worked quite right, and the battery never kept a charge! Even after they sent me a new battery, it still did not work properly! I gave it one star for this and other reasons. The screen was also having problems and you could not see images well at all! For a new phone, I was very disappointed with this model!!

Its my daughters phone and she loves her droid.  The only issues she has with it is it will not accept pix messages and we cant figure out why, But everthing else is cool with it so far and its been about a month now.

great phone had trouble getting web to work but once the page plus people found out what was wrong the trouble was on their end phone works great

This is my mother's first android ... and she is in love. And .... She`s hard to please and not a cheerful learner. Shes enjoying every minute of learning her new interactive Android.  The phone is touch screen with easy to follow apps and icons. If its ones first phone playing around with it a day or two will help! By the third day...it'll be glued to ones hand, like my mother`s glued to her hands

I really liked the phone for what it did, however, it is not durable enough for me. Within a couple weeks it got a bunch of pixelation lines on the screen.

The cellphone arrived today and I havent used it(i need to cut my card in order to fit in the cellpgone) but at first sight it looks amazing.

This is my first Droid phone and a big difference from my Windows phone. I prefer the Windows live tile format but like that the Droid has access to more apps. This phone will not allow you to sync a yahoo email account while on a wi-fi connection which really sucks. IMO it's because they want to force you into Gmail. It also keeps vibrating and lighting up for "alerts" but I can't ever seem to find what it's alerting me to. There are no new messages which is all I really care to be alerted for. The packaging says that a micro SD memory card is included but it is not and you will need to purchase and install in order to take photos on your phone. The phone was super easy to set up on the Verizon network and did automatically import all of the contacts I'd backed up on my old phone.

I bought this phone for my son. I was a little worried that I put off the order for so long that he would not get it when I wanted him to have the phone...I placed the order, the phone was sent out the same day. The delivery date was further out than the time frame I was hoping for but, it was me who ordered last sec. The phone came early, before school started, with everything the dealer said would come with it...we are happy satisfied customers...my son always tells me...I love my phone.

The phone is good.  The battery does not hold a charge. Phone gets very hot when you talk for a while.

I really can't say much about this phone. There wasn't really anything good with after you load your apps on it. It freezes, the phone lags out more than is worth. Just don't buy it.

does alot of things well but has some problems with locking up and going to places not intended. will do for another year until contract is up

I use this phone on Page Plus. It's worked W/O any problems what so ever. Call clarityexcellent. Phone comes as advertised.

It is ok.  The most important thing is my daughter liked it.  It was pretty easy to set up even though it didn't come with any directions.

thi phone does what I need and more. lots to learn, my first phone like this. it is smarter than i am!!

First off the company I got this phone from is A+! They answered all my emails with all my questions on this phone.  I received it quickly and it was everything that it said it was.  It was in good shape and has worked well for me.  It's easy to navigate and I found the online manual easily if I needed any help on working it.  It stays charged well and is a durable phone.

the service from the seller was great. Fast shipping, good communication. The phone is great, no problems with it. This was a replacement phone for my son's broken one. We use Verizon and there was no problem switching it over. I did it all online in about 5 mins.

Back in March of this year I submitted a wonderful review about the seller and the fact that my product was shipped so quickly. HOWEVER, and  unfortunately for me the phone itself DIED a few weeks ago. And on my birthday no less! I've already bought new batteries and a desktop battery charger and it is still acting wonky. Sigh...all I wanted was a working Droid. I got a lifeless hand ornament. Thanks a lot! Never...again...

I received my phone on time, within the suggested time period for delivery.  I ordered a refurbished phone.  Everything the ad said it was, it was and more. My phone is just like new and i am well pleased.  I would definitely order from this seller (recellulartoo) again.

This is my first phone, and I like it. The design is nice, and the interface is user-friendly. The keyboard's keys are a little flat, but it's fine once I got used to it. The processor isn't as fast as what you would find in the latest smartphones, but it runs all of my apps fine.I've had a few issues with it though. At first, my phone sometimes rebooted a few minutes after shutting it down. This was fixed with an update. Sometimes the lock screen will freeze, making it impossible for me to unlock the phone. However, I've found that I can hold down the power button and use the arrow keys on keyboard to shut the phone down and reboot it.

My roommate ordered this and he says he loves it. I just got an android phone myself and will never go back to regular phones again.

the vendor Cellphonescheap is selling refurbished phones as brand new. It was a very nicely  refubished phone but that is still not the same as new. Especially since the headphone jack didn't work properly and no manual was included. And I believe this is supposed to come with an sd card which it did not.

Listed as new it was not new, was like new, had trouble with it after first two weeks. Went and bought a real NEW phone.

Phone performs fairly well.  Good memory decent speed.  Within a few days some strange spots appeated om the screen and are still there.  Battery is awful. Phone has to be charged before the day is over. Was replacement ro get me through until next ugrade with my provider. Is sufficient for that.

After a month the phone started changing itself automatically.  Could not log into the phone, would go in and out of various modes.  Ended up having to replace, waste of money........

I love it, but I hate it.  It replaced my iPod.  It can do everything I did on my iPod.  The camera is great.  Yay!  But it drags. I'm not sure if it's because I had a 1gb micro sd card.  I just changed it to 2 gb card I had laying around.  I will update my review once I plug in a 16gb or 32gb sd.  Not sure this has anything to do with the way the phone runs, but I'm hoping it'll be that easy.  :)

no information manuel was provided for thhis phone. Very disapontied because there were no instructions included. Everything is a mistery!

I wanted a decent smartphone without paying alot and this seems to be a good phone so far. I have not used the phone camera yet, so I can't say about that.  I am disappointed that I cannot open more windows when checking email.  It has everything I need otherwise.

Work good right outta the box, easy setup. Good for first cell phone and inexpensive. holds good charge as well

Received phone as stated.Played around with phone before giving to my daughter and it worked great. has more options than my iPhone.My upgrade this month will be the Droid Razr.

I'm writing this review from my droid 2 and am very pleased. I have a pay per month verizon plan, 2 GB of data, unlimited call and text per month for 70/month. No contract. Without a plan I have a much better rate and no contract but have to pay fullprice for a verizon phone if I buy new from them. By buying an older model from Amazon, I have the best plan and a great phone for a much better price. I love that this still has qwerty keyboard, but touchscreen works great. Battery lasts all day, 10 hrs if I use moderately. When the phone arrived I charged it fully without turning it on, then turned it on and used it until it completely died again, recharged, and now charge as needed. Keep the wifi and gps location turned off unless you're using Navigator or can connect to wifi and that helps with battery life. Great phone for the price! I love the google play store. You will need an SD card for this phone to run certain apps, a 16GB is about $10 on Amazon.

After just a couple months this phone has started having issues with the touchscreen.  At this point it's unreliable as a phone and I have to get a new one.

I bought this phone as a spare which my wife ended up needing. I was disappointed at the terrible battery life and the cameras performance. I realize it is an older device, but after about 90 minutes of use (talk time) the battery falls below 15% which is unacceptable. I learned my lesson and will always upgrade

This is a great phone that does everything that I need it to do. I believe that my phone is somewhat defective because the digitizer goes nuts and sometimes doesn't respond to my touch. Have to put it in sleep mode to make it go back to normal. The left edge of the screen doesn't respond to touch anymore but I can work around it by using the keypad. A great feature that it has is that it helps you manage your data usage.

Nice sturdy phone. LIttle hard to get music downloaded, keeps unmounting the SD card when you try to access Vcast, so I just took the card out and downloaded it directly to the computer and plan to upload music to the phone the same way. Other than that, it's been great.

Phone has scratches all around. Battery was defective and they had to send me another one. Was worn and torn more then i would have liked.

This phone dis not meet my expectations. I know that when u buy something used, you will have some minor problems. But with this phone, there are quite a few major problems. Truly I am not satisfied but I do not know the correct way to use my 30 day warranty. If someone can please contact me, it will be greatly appreciated!

This item was here fast and it was in PERFECT condition. Thrilled with it... lots of things to figure out and keep me busy with.

It could not charge because the port was broken. I was able to use for one day because it came with a new battery. It seemed like a good phone, but it was broke. The company refunded all my money with no problem.

I bought this phone because I was tired of my Samsung Fascinate, a feature phone that does whatever it wants, whenever it wants, but I was not yet eligible for an upgrade. This is my first smartphone, and I love it! It is super easy to operate. I rarely have a problem going on the Internet. I use Swype for text messaging, which I like so much better than regular typing. The camera isn't great, but it's a phone. I didn't buy it to take pictures! I'm very happy with it. It was much cheaper than buying a newer model at full price!

Given the abuse given to the devises by teens, I have adopted these phones for my family. The metal frames are more rugged than those of plastic. The screen size is large enough for image viewing, yet the overall dimensions allow pocket fitting. The keyboard is a bit small for my fingertips but fit the females well. Wifi works well. Speech is clear. Camera has flash. When applied to a non &#34; V &#34; carrier that subleases &#34;V&#34; bandwidth, I get unlimited voice/message and 2 G data for $50/month, no contract. Phone destruction gives rise to a lecture but I am not out of an arm and leg. A new purchase, a memory card transfer, a phone number transfer to the new phone and back in business in  one hour or less..  ....... .

The phone delivers as promised.  The display is large and clear and the keyboard is easy to use. Very happy.

Had this phone less than a month and it turned to crap.  It is a horrible phone!  I feel cheated.

UPDATE 1/6/2014: Updated my review to 1 star. 3 months of use and the phone is now completely bricked. It could never connect to VZW 3G Network and now I cannot even make calls or receive them. *228 activation brings Metro PCS options and not Verizon. Took it up to a local VZW store for a second time and they said the phone is completely malfunctioned and there's nothing they can do about it. Complete and utter bust.------Bought this after I lost my Droid4 (VZW). I haven't been able to connect to VZW's 3G network since purchasing. I've taken it to a VZW store, tried multiple things on my own, and been on with VZW support multiple times. No 3G whatsoever. Regardless of whether its the phone's fault or VZW's, the customer is screwed at the end of the day.There's a little blue triangle in the notification bar which according to VZW support signifies the phone is in roaming mode. For me, the little blue triangle never goes away. Altering roaming settings has no effect.Going into the phone's mobile network settings [Settings >> Wireless & network >> Mobile networks] there is no other option except "System select". The carriers mobile network (3G) should show up there; it does not. So something is seriously wrong with this phones ability to connect to Verizon's Network.The only reason I didn't give it 1 star is because its perfect functional over Wi-Fi, which is acceptable while I decided which new phone to purchase.

Was happy for a few months. Nothing but problems since. Phone freezes, loses full charge after a few hours, .... TOTAL WASTE OF MY $100!

Its a smart phone! :)

It was this or the IPhone4S. I preferred the bigger screen and qwerty keyboard. Initially I had a problem with receiving calls, but I contacted the seller, (5 Star) and was advised to dial #228 to update phone to the newest Verizon towers. Voila! Now I receive all my calls. I found that I seldom use the qwerty board since there are so many easier keyboard apps available for android. It's solid and sturdy, call quality is good and I don't have a problem with battery life. I wanted this Froyo system phone so I could one touch root it with Z4Root. I froze all the apps that turn on by themselves with Titanium Pro; that saves a lot of battery life. Since I don't use the qwerty I was admiring the Moto Droid X with no physical keyboard and a bigger screen. I really like this phone and have found it to be very dependable and easy to use.

The phone itself is awesome, but when I browse thiers a line in the middle...half of the text lags from the other half...I don't know know if I got a deffective phone or if all droid 2's do that....

Not as we'll built as original one. Works only so so. Not much more that can be said. Blah blah

This phone is a tragedy in itself i made a pleased review earlier voicing my satisfaction when i had owned the phone for about a week, but it has been three months and numerous problems have arisen. First of all, the camera is a disappointment, and the wifi stopped working the first month of ownership of the Droid 2. I finally got it to connect to a specific network, but the service was nit significant enough to have any use. This was a small issue for me, then the internet took an unexcusable amount of time it takes to download applications, songs and connect to an internet page. The battery life is well below average, and few universal chargers correspond with it. In addition, the power button has recently became unresponsive,and has made it impossible to put it on sleep mode and turn it off, i downloaded several things to attempt to access a way to turn off the phone but all the play store had to offer was screen locks, today it refused to turn on and respond to the charger. I got it to turn on twice after it died with the charger lighting up here and there but it would only shut back down. The keyboard function is choppy physically and technically. As soon as you have a reasonable number of apps the phone scrolls raggedly, and sometimes the screen is unresponsive. It takes a few lifetimes to turn on, and since the power button has shut down the phone options are hysterical and show up frequently, The phone restarts an average times of seven times a day.

When buying this phone, I got expedited shipping for 1-3 days and it took over y business days to get the phone. Other than that, I am pleased with the quality of the phone. It had scratches and minor dings but the phone works great!

this is my first smart phone. Is easier to use than i expected. Battery life is longer than what the verizon store said.Great phone.

Phone was wonderful..... At first i recieved a broken one had something wrong with the screen and the rocker switch on the side was all messed up. But i called customer service told them what was wrong with it they asked if i wanted a refund or a exchange. I exchanged it they sent me a new one overnight New won works spectaculer and will be buying more phones and products from this seller.

Make sure you look in the phone for the right MEID number. Its working good and I am happy now that I have a good working phone again. :)

I ordered a phone that was advertised as NEW in the box.  I received the original box, but the phone had three (3) screen liners, on top of each other.  The green alert light never functioned, and the GPS system never worked.  The phone I received was NOT NEW!  I'm being generous with three stars because this was a case of  false advertising.  Even a refurbished phone should be fully functional.

I had purchased my 1st smart phone while my mother was dying out of state and my husband was in skilled nursing and possibly not coming home.  My new latest & greatest smart phone was stolen the day after purchase.  I wasn't about to pay $600 for a replacement, so bought the Droid.  It may not be fancy, but it works great.

Bought this to replace my previous phone model, (which I broke ywice in 9 months).  I can drop it and have no problems.  Occasionally when texting the menu bounces up and down on the bottom of the screen, which is a pain, but that's my only complaint.

Greatest phone ever! ! !  I will purchase another phone, when I need an upgrade.........

Very nice phone.  Had one in the past.  Would think this one was brand new.  Great for someone who wants many features without all the hassle of some of the new phones.

Easy to learn and fun to use. Still discovering new things after two months. I recommend it highly for the price.

This phone was a huge waste of money, and I was so disappointed:( Right away it began freezing up constantly, and had a myriad of other ridiculous glitches to the point that it was actually completely unusable. Ended up just getting a new phone from my carrier. Extremely disappointing - I tried returning the phone, no dice.

To summarize: I bought this phone in 2013 when it was already "old" because I don't have a lot of money and all I really wanted was something to make phone calls with/text/occasional photo/occasional Google search.  I thought buying this model would save me money, but I was wrong.  It lasted 2.5 months total and problems began 1 month after I bought it.First problem:  there's a huge lag while I'm texting. I use(d) the touch screen to text, not the keypad, as the keypad is genuinely so awkward to use that it is barely functional.  Anyway, in the middle of typing a text, the cursor will lag, I won't be able to see the last 2-4 letters I typed, and the autocorrect will kick in, replacing my intended word with all sorts of weird things that don't make sense.  Also while texting, the touch screen keyboard will frequently disappear.  It's beyond frustrating and it takes a good 60 seconds to type a 1-2 sentence text.  This lag is evidently common and it's suggested you install ADW Launcher to fix it.  I did, and the problem was exactly the same.Second problem:  While on a phone call, the display screen will often disappear and nothing I do will bring it back.  This is problematic if, for example, I'm calling my bank's automated service and need to hit "2" to get a person.  I can't get the touch screen keyboard up, and the slide out keyboard doesn't work.  It's also a problem if I'm trying to hang up at the end of a phone call.  Usually I have to wait for the other person to hang up, as I'm unable to do it myself.UPDATE:  Three months after the above happened, the entire left side of the touch screen stopped working.  Apparently this is a common problem and is due to some kind of programming/software issue.I can't wait to never have to use this frustrating piece of junk again.
