
it worth each penny, it's a great cell phone it was new, and worked perfectly. I recommend this product so much.

this a a great midrange android device just under $200. it does just about everything  any of the other newer android devices do it comes with adobe flash player and was shipped with a newer android os, which was a plus.

This phone is SO awesome! It has very good call quality, actually superior call quality! Even with lots of people talking and with the windows down all the way lol! It comes with android 2.2 installed which is fast-ish. Camera is really good enough thou it doesnt have a flash!

Cute phone and it would be nice if it worked. It would not stop turning off. If you move it... It turns off. If you text it turns off. It is not a good phone!

I've had this phone for a moth now. Works great. Very responsive, screen looks good.The camera is a bit old. It takes pretty good pictures, but the video recording is done at 640x480 max and it's a bit fuzzy.Not bad for this price.Watch where you're buying it from: although I bought it new, mine came AT&T; branded, battery looked new but was made in 2011 and there was no 2Gb microSD card, like in the manufacturer's package.

I had no problems with the phone,Most of all it was shipped on time and I like my warranty I get for one year.I would recommend this to anyone anytime.

If u want a phone that will only last 1-year. No more waranty. This 1 is yours. Notgood 4 me.

This phone is very impresive, worth the money!!If you have &#60;$150, this phone is a great choice!!! it looks good and its fast!Recommended for anyone who have a budget &#60;150Oh and the seller is great!

The phone is very good has great memory and storage, is a phone that is worth its price, the bad, the updates apparently no longer motorola this phone supports the latest version of Android is 2.2.

very good and very affordable recommended, very comfortable and large screen for surfing the internet , I am very happy with the motorola

This is my first smart phone. I've now had it for 6 months and I'm very satisfied. I bought it through Consumer Cellular, and their customer service was very helpful with setup. (I ran into a snag with initial setup because I live in an place with a very spotty wireless signal.)I'm far from a techno wizard, but I was making calls, sending texts, and browsing the web right away. It took a couple of weeks of fairly intensive learning before I had everything set up the way I wanted it, but I'm now satisfied with battery life, freedom from intrusive notifications, etc. Consumer Cellular's instructional videos were very helpful for a novice user.I did need to make a couple of calls to Consumer Cellular's support desk to get information on how to download a radio tuner that uses the FM antenna, but the app was free and it works well. A similar app is included if you have AT&T.;I'd never used a GPS and was amazed how much help it was on a trip to Philadelphia, a completely new city for me.Occasionally I've had problems getting my Google calender to sync with the phone. Each time, I've fixed it by turning off the phone, and turning it back on in the presence of my computer.The camera is better than on my previous phone, but not so good that it eliminates the need to own an actual camera. Outdoor pictures on sunny days appear washed out. I've been able to adjust them satisfactorily after uploading.If the camera were just a little better, I'd give this phone 5 stars. Overall, it works as well for me as my sister's more expensive iPhone works for her.

I bought this phone as a gift for my father, and now he is very pleased with it, it is very intuitive and user firendly and its appearance its nice!

I purchased this for my hubby and basically I only purchased it for the low price.  He really likes it and so far, has had NO problems with it.  I am on my 3rd smart phone and I wish I would have bought the same one I bought him.  The phone is reliable and pretty easy to use (if you read the directions).  Yeah, he's a guy and he didn't read them so he's having some problems but easily fixed by referring to the manual.Keywords...buy it, it is USA sold

Half the time it works great, the other half it's junk.  This is the worst phone I've ever owned.  I was hoping Motorola would be better.Pros:Good call sound quality.Easy to use menusMost apps are compatible.Has and SD card for more storage.Holds a lot of contacts, and a lot of text messages.Cons:Locks up constantlySemi-locks up to where the menus are unresponsive.Can't send pictures in text messages unless all data options are enabled, even though it's not supposed to need it.  It's an admitted bug, enabling all the data functions is just a workaround.Comes loaded with apps that cannot be removed.Power button is terrible, it takes 5 or 6 tries to get it to come on.I wouldn't buy it again.

Pros: I bought one for me and my wife. Good starter smart phone for the price. It's nice and compact. Call quality and touch screen are above average. There are plenty of apps available for purchase online. There are also plenty of accessories for the phone.Cons: The camera is average. I expected sharper photographs and video but it serves its purpose. The voice recorder apps produces low audio output and you can barely hear the recordings on playback. I guess the audio would need to be amplified for it to be useable as a voice recording device. I'm satisfied with the phone. We may go with a more expensive smartphone next time.

I needed to replace iPhone and got this. I will say I love the phone, when it works. Problem is that it is very slow to respond, freezes often and can take over 10 minutes to reset itself. It wont respond to anything but removing the battery. i also have an app killer on it to keep the data down and still find it will not keep its charge over night sometimes. It will have full battery at 10pm unplug it and at 7am it's dead. I am not the only one that has these issues so its not that I received faulty phone. I dread the day I have an emergency and my phone freezes. Hate it! I will replace it as quickly as I can.

I am deaf, no voice usage for me. The camera is only 3 MP and the shutter switch is virtual, like the keyboard, making some photos a &#34;Hit or Miss.&#34; I need a real keyboard due to making relay calls, I mess up often with the virtual one. The best thing about this phone id the Android Store, so apps are plentiful. I have a 32 gig memory card. At times, the phone does not start up properly; it doesn't do this too often, but it does happen. It is small enough to fit in many pockets. I've had mine 3 years now and I'm thinking of an upgrade to a phone with a real keyboard; yeah, if anyone still makes them.

Has worked perfectly well since I purchased it. I think the price was great. May get another one for a friend.

Had to send this back because the phone refused to connect to AT&T with a working SIM card. Also the SD wouldn't format. I'm experienced at rooting and installing ROMS, so this isn't because I'm a noob. What a waste of time, hopefully you get a working one that you can root and put a decent ROM on like others have stated. I have a Captivate with a borken power button, but at least it connects to AT&T! Also, be aware that Amazon is only giving me a refund, so I'll have to wait on that. I would have like the option of getting another phone in case the one I'm sending back is a crapper.

I have to restart the phone a lot of times. I am not happy with the performance. Very often the screen get freeze and you have to push the power buttom to get it unlocked

I was influenced to go Android based on dodgy BB experience and very knowledgable friends sharing their experience. I have been very happy with the experience so far. May it live long!  For this device specifically, I have been quite happy with the ease of use, nice build quality, solid feel, decent screen size and relatively good battery life. I also quite like the Motoblur interface, but not necessarily all of the AT&T; preloaded apps which I can't use on my network.That said, in the two weeks which I have been using the phone, I have had it lock up completely once. Also takes long to load contact list, which is a pain when in a hurry, or on the go. Screen sensitivity varies greatly, and not just the usual night vs. day variance I have found with most touchscreens, and have had the auto-rotation not work for a brief spell.  Also have experienced some "ghost taps" on the virtual keyboard in very bright sunlight. All minor glitches which cleared up quickly enough, but I expected a bit more or less of it. I also would love the phone to have a cover on the mini-USB port to keep out the dust build up.Overall a good phone, with great call quality and functionality.

I purchased the Motorola MB520 Bravo android phone.  I have never had phone like this before; always a flip phone.  I love the size, the way you can go through the screens.  I especially like the camera because I have two grandchildren and I'm always taking their pictures!

This phone was disappointing. I am returning it for a refund. The screen does not always work and it shuts off unexpectedly while in use.  I will be purchasing a different phone.

This phone is hit and miss on when it works.  Not the best for the money.  I don't recomendi it

I had to send the first one back because it would no longer charge properly. the second one i recieved worked great at first, very clear picture, fast, etc.  but not too long after having the phone it began to do some goofy things.  sometimes sending a text to a different person than you intended to, freezing up very frequently. shutting itself off while you are using it, and it became very slow.honestly from my experience, i wouldn't recommend this phone.

Never was able to connect to my providers data network. I gave up & bought a Samsung Galaxy. I gave this one to my husband. He never gets on the web on his phone so he is OK with this phone. I would have been OK with it had I been able to get on the net with it. But that is OK cuz I love my Galaxy. &#128522; I gave this phone three stars cuz it was a decent phone and my hubby is happy with.

good for pricegood for 2G only using long battery life this good for who is talk so much on mobile

Yeah, you can buy a new iPhone or one of the newer Android phones for hundreds of bucks, but this does the job for a lot less money.  Being Android, there are lots of free programs you can get for it.  The touch screen is large and bright, and its just the right size in my opinion.  Its got every feature you could want EXCEPT its 3G, not 4G.  I don't have any 4G service in my home area, so it made little sense for me to spend more for a phone to support a service not available to me.  Even if it was, I don't need anything more than 3G for anything I do outside the house.  When at home inside, I use the Wi-Fi connection to my wired network service which is even faster, and save on broadband minutes.The only thing I would like and could use are better front and rear cameras.  Fact is, there is no front camera, which is a shame since I use Skype video chat over WiFi, and the rear camera faces the wrong way.  And the rear cameras is only 3MP, which was great in its day, but no longer.  So, I still need my digital camera for photos - which mean an extra thingee to carry in my pocket..So maybe I would only give this 3 stars in today's market if it weren't for the fact that the price is SOOOOO right.  Being Android, it keeps pace pretty well with the pricey new toys.  Maybe I can get a mirror for my Skype calls... :-)

If you are looking for an affordable smartphone, look no longer. This fits the bill. The screen is on the small side, but fits comfortably in any pocket, is not heavy, the battery lasts at least for one day.This came with ATT packaging, and ATT recognized it on the network without problems.

A little smaller than my son expected after coming from a LG Thrill, but it will do for now.  A little different with the texting ability,, not as fast as he's used to.

This is the first touch screen phone I&#8217;ve had. And I think it&#8217;s pretty nice!!  It&#8217;s got some features I&#8217;ve tried for the first time, nice.But what I don&#8217;t like is1.  No Flashlight!!!2. You can&#8217;t personalize ringtones to phone caller ID.3. Wireless Headphones will not work for F.M. Radio!!!If you don&#8217;t mine not have those features?  It&#8217;s a pretty go phone.  I still have mine until I find something that has the features I &#8216;m looking for.

over a year I have the MB520, all day and am getting data sent, goes very well with even the current applications often freeze apparatus ago.

Bought phone because it was more that adequate for my needs and was same phone my provider sold. However, I have now discovered that it is apparently not unlocked! I cannot change the APN to my provider and therefore cannot fully utilize the features :( The old AT&T settings are locked and the new one is not available. Provider cannot help. Motorola is next.

Hello:Pls your help, i maked a mistake at the number of the  address:incorrect : 1619  lee street hollywood 33020 flthe correct one is : 1916 lee street hollywood 33020 flJust change the number, pls contact to the the post office and confirm if is possible the change, otherwise i need to cancel my order.rgdsClaudia

I like the phone and pretty, but a seller sent me a locked phone, therefore; I couldn't use it.A battery was included and the phone was protected with non slip silicon coat, you don't need extra protection cover. After I charged the battery I had chance to use phone but could not use web, but could not use as phone because it locked. Returned to the seller for full credit.

This phone has not worked since I got it. Nothing works with it at ALL. Pure wasted money for non-functioning piece of technology which is a joke.

What an amazing phone.  I did my research since this would be my first smartphone, and I'm glad I was correct about this one.  No problems at all and I'm still trying to figure out what everything does!I wish a more in-depth manual came with it, but you can always look at guides online.  I can definitely say this was well-worth it's very affordable price.

Works OK with Consumer Cellular....Calls/Text/Voice Mail Work fine.Can access email through WIFI hot spots only.Android Apps work fine, but WIFI only.Cannot seem to get phone to access data through consumer Cellular network.One minor thing also, I saved my contacts from my old phone to simm card, but the MB520 couldn't read them so I had to type them all into the new phone.Update: Upon talking with Consumer Cellular, I found that all I had to do was enter a new APN with Consumer Cellular's Info. This info was provided to me by Consumer Cellular at no charge and took less than 5 minutes to set up.All features of phone work flawlessly now: Calls, TxXT, Voice mail, and DATA!!

I chose this phone, for your presentation.but it is a bad investment because it is much gaskets when I use the wifi and occasionally turns itself off in my pocket.would not recommend this unit to anyone.seller does not have a good customer service.

I am very disappointed with this purchase.  I send it to my brothers overseas and it did not work their. I thought it was international. ...it's not. I bought 2 of this and both are a waste of money and time!!! So not happy of this purchase :/

The only plus, it came before estimated delivery date.Now, this phone was okay the first few hours. Later on that same day it turned of by itself, and freeze up up randomly.If your getting this phone and expecting to play games, this isn't the one for you. It would freeze during games and any other complicated, fast running apps.Over all if your only getting it to do basic this like phone call and stuff, this phone could work for you.**Do remember it freezes often.

I have to chuckle when I read all the moaning about how outdated and pitiful phones like this are. If you want pitiful you should have seen my first radio; two transistors, AM only, thin metal and brittle plastic. Expensive 9 volt battery that barely lasted an hour, and yet it wasMAGIC compared to the tiny crystal radio I'd had for years before that.Now days it isn't enough that smartphones improve every few months; where is the holographic above-screen mini-orgies? Better yet full size holo-decks controlled by super phone! Teleportation anyone?It was years before the transistor found a use in AM radios and even more years before the first IC was born (with 2,300 transistors). Now the engineers are capable of putting more than 100,000,000 transistors on the head of a pin! What a time to be alive!As for the Motorola Bravo; I say "bravo Motorola". I'd had a big expensive phone for more than a year and was ready to replace it with whatever comes next but it occurred to me that even the outdated Bravo would do everything I want done and it does. Made out of very durable materials it should last years and it only costs the equivalent of my truly pitiful two transistor radio back in 1960!Update: I guess I'm not a "power user" and I definately don't want a huge screen phone that screams GEEK everytime I make a call on it, but I've yet to find this little phone lacking in any way. Even the 2.21 OS is entirely adequate. And one final item that may not even be available anymore--user replaceable battery. Now if ATT was equally pleasant to deal with!

I received my phone yesterday and it was as expected. Neat and the perfect size to fit into my hand.One problem I had was that I am not able to download an app from Google, and this was advertised as an android

Seller sent it on time as as described. I'd gotten my other phone wet and was not in the mood to learn a new phone. I charged it up, put in my sim card & synced it to all my accounts. It was quick and easy.

This is not my first smartphone, so I've seen how things can go well and not go well.  This phone is amazing for social networking users, probably the best I've seen so far.  The integration with Facebook, Twitter, and others is noteworthy and will serve you well.  The only hitch comes in that it does import all your facebook and twitter contacts into the contact list.  Which would be fine, except that not everyone lists their phone number on facebook (for obvious privacy reasons), so sometimes you have a contact list full of profiles with just email addresses.  Something to watch for, but not gamebreaking.It's highly customizable, courtesy of the Android 2.1 OS it runs out of the box, and as this is my first Android phone, I'm quite pleased with the OS-- I plan to stick with it for future phones.  If you are an android power user (or at least enough of one that you care to root the device), be aware that rooting this thing is a chore, and there is no single easy tool to do it; you'll have to go command-line.  Even then, the rooting did not work properly.  AT&T; also locked the Bravo from allowing sideloading, and even after I rooted the phone, it still did not let me install the Amazon App Store.  Fortunately for those of us with this phone, Motorola was kind enough to put an app on the Android Market just for us Bravo users to allow sideloading (Search "Motorola Sideload Enabler" and find the one for Bravo).I will warn you, also, that the thing comes with a goodly amount of AT&T; Bloatware.  For those of us who root our phones, it's no chore to remove, but I will advise those who do so to make sure your phone has the latest updates, because once you remove them, it becomes impossible to update.However, overall, for the average user, this is an amazing phone that is reactive and integrated.  I highly recommend the device for those new to smartphones, and give a good thumbs up for power users looking for a less-expensive android to tinker with.

Couldn't get the phone to work due to some motoblur thing that popped up when I opened the phone and tried to get service to work. Regardless of how many times I tried, this program still errored, and I contacted Motorola and they told me there was no way to get around the program. Do not recommend.

Pros:-Unbelievable battery life. Easily one of the best phones in regards to longevity. I was able to go from 8a-1p and only use 10% of the battery - phenomenal.-Screen quality is quite impressive for the price-Wifi connection was consistent and uninterrupted.-Call quality was superb and speaker quality was also great for this price range.Cons:-Terrible camera quality - would not recommend this phone if this is your primary camera to use.-Does not support the 3G T-mobile bands - should be properly addressed in the specifications.-Unresponsive too many times while using. Even after turning off all animations and having a task killer application auto-kill tasks in the background, the phone just couldn't keep up. I think Motorola could have salvaged this phone had they gone with a vanilla (plain) version of Android rather than adding Motoblur & preloaded garbage AT&T; applications.Unit was returned. I unfortunately had to return the unit due to a malfunctioned camera sensor - I hope this isn't a trend for others.

real bad manual came with it to explain things  I do not like the software in what I can do & can not do however I am new to this type of phone  sometimes, I am finding it hard to delete what I want to delete  I did not receive a SD card along with the phone so I can not take Any pictures at all. 1st phone I could not take pictures. should I be able to take a few photos without a SD card?  I am got sure if a SD card should have came with the phone.(I thought a SD card Came with the phone)  the ad just mention something about a SD card.  not having a SD card is keeping me from doing some things on the phone

I purchased this phone December 11 2013 I needed a cheap basic phone it works well for my needs. However, I noticed dark spots all over the screen. Phone has never been dropped. Still functional but hard to use if you're trying to read or send a text. Unable to return after a month. Ordered a different brand from amazon with extended waranty.

The phone is a bit laggy once you start installing stuff on it. Good for casual phone/mp3 etc. usage. Don't expect a lot from it. Let's just say it'll get the job done for most basic needs.

I have lived with the Bravo for a bit over a year on Consumer Cellular. I take pretty good care of my gear, but this one has suffered a couple of hard floor drops, with no ill effect. It does everything I'd expect of an Android phone, including the easiest syncing I've done so far with the Google world.My favorite thing about the Bravo, and most other Motorolas, is that it never forgot that it's a phone. In hand-held, Bluetooth and speaker modes, it is simple to use and delivers great fidelity. It is also great at grabbing weak signals. There are even tone controls for Voice Quality. You can adjust the phone sound to match your hearing and typical background. I've had smartphones that almost require you to use a Bluetooth earpiece, not this guy.Also, as with other Motorolas, there is an available charging cradle with magnets that signal the phone that it's time to hold email alerts, etc. and make the screen look like a nice, digital nightstand clock. I'm a road warrior, and my standard call-home configuration is to use a Bluetooth headset with my phone charging in the cradle, aimed for best reception.If you're looking for an Android to be your TV set, fireplace, or reader, Bravo probably isn't it, but if you want an indestructible phone with good battery life on Wi-Fi, once you set the controls, Bravo might be your trusted sidekick. When I wear this one out, I'll be looking for another.

Purchased this phone to replace the one that decided to constantly reboot itself.  Love it.  Will most likely get another.

My first smart phone and that takes some getting used to.  It performs well but the back keeps falling off.  This was solved by adding a protective case.  Loaded with AT&T Bloatware that cannot be removed.  Price was the greatest concern when shopping.  All in all, still happy with this unit after a few weeks use.

The bravo was an overlooked phone from the start. It had many good features that I liked, but what killed it was the screen size. I returned this phone and I bought a different phone from att. Overall a great beginners smartphone.

I purchased this phone from Amazon.  It arrived promptly and exactly as described.  The clarity of the color screen is unbelievable.  Even in bright sunlight, you can easily see the screen details. The size is great - not too large, not too small.The WiFi is a great little feature - especially for those without a data plan.  I needed an unlocked phone that I can use when traveling between Canada and the USA and this fits the bill perfectly.  I can pop in my SIM card for each country as needed which saves a great deal of money.It comes with an micro sd card for extra storage.  It senses when you put the phone in a pocket and locks the keyboard.  It also senses night time and goes into a different mode to save the battery.I purchased a Motorola phone as the last two Samsung models I had, stopped working, within months of each other.  Time to try a different brand, in my opinion.This phone has excellent video tutorials online at the Motorola Bravo site if you can't be bothered to read the instruction book (which I am guilty of).The only con, in my opinion, is the short battery life with the GPS, WiFi, Blutooth, etc. all running.  However, I am learning to disable some of the unnecessary features while out and about to conserve battery power.

Cheap phone, has a lot of motorola cr-ap pre-installed but does the job. Nevertheless it seems that the phone is gotting slow, I usually lose the appz I am not using but still it becomes slow.

I bought my mom this phone for xmas. She LOVES it so much. It has a very big screen and seems to be be very speedy for the price. She uses tmobile prepaid and just gets all her downloads on wifi, My mom is now addicted to angry birds.

The phone is great! Big screen, light weight, a wonderful first smartphone for me. Unfortunately, something about the way that Amazon sells it recently has left other shoppers and myself in a conundrum.The first phone sent to me was unable to show battery life, came with a moto blur startup guide that was not relevant to what was displayed on the phone, and would get an "unexpectedly quit" message requiring a force close every time an app (or even the Accounts, Data Usage, etc. sections of the settings menu) was attempted to be opened. As the phone was even unable to connect to ATT cell phone service, I decided that the one thing that worked (wifi) was not enough to keep me from sending the clearly defective phone back. There was an odd 16 digit or so handwritten number on a small piece of paper taped to the cover, more on this in a second.The second phone arrived quickly, and I crossed my fingers. I plugged in the phone, let it fully charge for some hours, and then booted it up. The startup guide was still inaccurate, as I still was not asked to create a Motoblur account. Oh well. What is the chance that they would send me two bad phones, I thought? This time the battery indicator showed a full charge, which was a great start! Zero ATT signal, though, in a house that gets great bars usually. Wifi still works, so I figured I'd look into the posibility that the Android version was too old or something. Try to open any of the earlier-menioned settings menu items, phone encounters unexpected error and it's back to the main screen. Try to open up Android Market (didn't do this the first time), phone encounters a slight variation on the same old error. I went to phone information and had the phone look for operating system updates, and it searches for hours without any indication either way. I'm forced to exit. I bring the browser to Android Market, and it cannot recognize my phone. The solution, it says, is to open Android Market from the phone's home. Shoot.The phone seems so neat, and I am sorry to send back a second one. Somehow the price has gone up around 10 dollars from when I purchased it three days ago. Perhaps this signifies that there was a bad batch, that they knew about, that the sellers or Amazon or whoever it is has gotten past. I really do hope so. Luckily, Amazon has such fast shipping and returns that this experiment took little investment. As I read another reviewer optimistically review the phone two days ago, encountering the same problems, saying  that it isn't working yet but he hopes that it does soon, I can't help but cringe. I hope that the reviewer is able to find a solution. He thinks it is an Android software problem, but I cannot come up with any ideas as to what to do to get out of the stalemate of the phone being unable to update.The second phone, I also noticed, has another 16 digit code or so taped to the front cover of the phone. Same green slip of paper. Same handwriting. Could these have been returns from earlier purchases? I wonder as to the solution to these many mysteries.Although I am unsure about other carriers, ATT requires you be on a data plan as soon as you've put your SIM card into the phone. It was a bit of insult to injury this morning when, MB520 packed away and SIM card safely back in my old cingular LG flip phone, I recieved a text stating: "Did you know a data plan is required for your Smartphone? We have added an appropriate data plan." My ATT plan appears to have reverted back, though for those few hoping to not do a full data plan (and use mostly wifi, etc) this may surprise you.The second phone is sent back, and I feel a bit silly for trying twice. I am sure there will be a solution out there. Clear the catch, or erase all data, or something to that effect. With the headache this has caused, I think I'll just try to get a phone upgrade straight from ATT.This is my first product review on Amazon. That's how strange I found the cell phone experience to be. As I said, the phone costs a bit more than it did two days ago. I hope that this is a sign of hope for future purchasers!

Good. Excellent product. congratulate continue as each day better. But the product arrived without invoice so I had problems at customs and the team kept me for a few days.

The phone could be a good phone, if I know how to use it, but it arrived without a correct user manual. Therefore, I had a very difficult time to learn how to discover its keys and functions and use it as a cell phone.

I like the phone, easily set up, easy to find things. the only problem is the text message, have not been able to find a way to enlarge the print, some of us older folks can hardly read the little print. and when typing in a text the keys blend in with the screen, not enough color difference.. but these are not enough to return the phone, the call feature is very good, and that is the important thing.Have only had a few days but so far I like it.

Nice looking compact slick phone but a little &#34;tedious&#34; to get around. For some reason I could not send/attach pix with my phone using  the Carrier Consumer Cellular so I returned it.  I spent many hrs on the phone with CC trying to rectify situation. They told me since I did not get the phone directly from them there was no guarantee that it would work.  It IS however one of the phones they support.  Go figure and hope this helps someone.

Also has a lot of factory installed AT&T apps that cannot be removed which is annoying if you're with Consumer Cellular.

from the first day he has not been charged, from the first day he has not been charged and immediately deteriorated. and no one can do it

I recieved the phone with fast 1 day shipping which was actually 2 days but I dont blame them because it's far away. When I turned on the phone I noticed that it was SUPER FAST! The Touch Screen is very fast and accurate. The phone shipped also with Android 2.2/OS and that was an plus!! The phone comes pre-installed with the Task Killer! I reccommend this phone to smartphone/fast/and nice phones!!This phone also comes unlocked! -----From Phone Loverrr!

Actually, I am very pleased with the phone, I had good experience with Motorola and to me it could be the best manufacter. But I don't know what happen with the Android OS, I had troubles and at this time I can't run any apps that belongs to the OS. I contacted the store but can't help and only pointed out that is a problem with the android OS version, but is there a solution? I am still waiting for the answer. So I like the phone but the support of the store was poor.

I should have learned from my last experience of a Motorola phone overheating so badly after five minutes of talk time that I couldn't hold it against my ear.  But the MB520 seemed like a good phone.  It got high marks in reviews, and the only thing I can say about that is that the reviewers probably used it for all of a day before they made up their minds.  It starts out well, but within a week it began to freeze up on me at least once a day.  I tried clearing out some of the bloatware, but no dice.  I'm stuck with probably half a dozen apps which I never use, but which update constantly draining the battery on me so that I now have to carry a portable charger when I go out.It slows down dramatically as the charge drops, and it frequently refuses to recognize the wireless network in my own home!  But the last straw was the other night when I was trying to use the navigator, and had to phone someone to ask a question about the route.  Everything froze.  It took me 10 minutes to pull out the battery, boot the phone back up and get the dialer to come up.  I could have been in Wisconsin by then!Nope, that's it.  Last Motorola phone I ever buy.  I gave it two stars because when it does work, it's a fun phone.  It's just so completely unreliable that the fun ceases to be a factor for me.

I use Consumer Cellular and have one of these phones that I bought new from them. They (Consumer Cellular) no longer have these phones, which are great phones for a great price, so this is the only alternative. I got the SanDisk 32 GB memory card for it, a leather case and I'm all set for around $100 for a second phone.  It has good apps (timer/alarm, music, maps, etc.) and I'm spoiled as far as getting a different phone as this is easy to use, easy to hear (speaker phone is excellent), hooks up to wi-fi easily and I'm able to download all music CD's to the phone to listen to in the car. Used? It looks new, but the box is obviously old and the little plastic bags that accessories are wrapped in have been opened - but for the price as long as it works, I'm still in the five-star camp.

Get this one from a new seller on amazon . Was locked when arrived but thanks to guys from motofun dot ru unlocked for freeVery good phone though had it reflashed to Cyonogen as Motorola stock firmware is a bit laggy . Good battery life , good speed , very rapid dialing speed as well as redial . Great display !Reccomend this product for sure !

Our family owns three of these phones (which we paid $175 apiece for)and we've owned them for roughly a year and a half.All three of them have similar problems in which they are constantly freezing up,and occasionally shutting down. One of the phones is barely audible whilst talking on the phone. I sent it in to Motorola to be fixed (while it was still under warranty) but it is happening again. I have to put the speaker on while I'm on the phone so I can hear people.The biggest (and most aggravating) problem is how often they freeze up. It's as if the processor isn't strong enough to run the most basic apps.Other than that, it's a good looking phone. It has a nice feel and weight to it.It may be a good phone for someone who is new to smart phones,but if you're planning on running any apps I would pass on this one.

I was replacing the same phone I already had because mine had a cracked screen. . first the battery wouldn't charge so I had to use mine. the phone freezes up and I have to removed battery and try again. the outward condition of the phone was very good .and delivey was fast .How ever not happy with overall performance .seems like too much trouble to contact seller.

UPDATE from April 17th, 2013:For some reason, the camera has stopped saving images. It makes you think that the photo has been taken and saved, but then the file shows 0(zero) KB and no previews. Also, the original battery acted funky (showed a full charge but then discharged in 20 minutes) while an extra batterySCUD(code:1399, Hong Kong Stock) 1500mAh BF5X Li-ion Cell Phone Batteries for Motorola Defy ME525; ME525+; MB520; MB855 Photon 4G; MB525; ME863; XT320 Defy Mini; XT531; XT532; XT883 Milestone 3; Droid 3 XT860 XT862worked fine.UPDATE from April 4th, 2013:Now I can confidently downgrade it to 2 stars. The phone continues to be  glitchy when it comes to voice calls. Motorola's support blames the network. This phone is OK for a teenager who sends 100 texts per day and makes only 1 call. If you need the phone for business or would like to avoid frustration because people do not hear you or you do not hear them from time to time, then look elsewhere. No wonder why after Google has recently purchased Motorola Mobile they laid off more than a thousand people and decided to close its Chinese division. I guess Google is hoping to replicate Apple's success by keeping the hardware and the software development in the same pair of hands. The head of their Android division was also moved elsewhere. Good steps that had to be done 3-4 years ago!Anyway, due to all the glitches (despite factory reset efforts!) this phone should not be valued for more than seventy bucks.UPDATE from March 25th, 2013:I've purchased Blu Studio II 5.3 instead of Bravo. See my review hereBLU Studio 5.3 II Unlocked Dual Sim Phone with Dual-Core 1GHz Processor, Android 4.1, 5.3-inch IPS Capacitive Touch, and 8MP Camera - U.S. Warranty (Black)UPDATE from March 18th, 2013:I am increasing my rating from 2 stars to 3.The phone has not had its glitch with not sending voice (even with 5 bars and while sending messages) during last 10 days. Also, the problem with the Bluetooth pairing has finally been solved. Motorola Support was not able to help and neither Kia. The problem was with Android OS that was not showing Kia's request to get a permission to access the contacts list. The request was hid by Android in the notifications area.UPDATE from March 8th, 2013:I am lowering my rating from 5 stars to 2.After three days of usage the phone stopped providing voice communication in both directions (incoming and outgoing calls). Motorola was always associated in my mind with strong signals and reliability (just recall those pagers that were dropped on the floor multiple times and continued working!). However, obviously Motorola has made a mistake of playing with Android rather than continuing with a proprietary OS. Android is a big disappointment.After removing the batter the phone started to transfer voice again. But just think about it. If you have to remove the battery out of your car every day in order to drive to work, why would  you buy such a car? Who cares about all the browsing functionality and apps if one cannot make a call? I've lowered the star rating to 2 because I think it is the most crucial feature in a phone. The phone that cannot make a call is not a phone anymore.Speaking about apps, etc. It really makes me uncomfortable that just to start using the phone (or after the factory reset) one must create an account with MotoBlur. And in order to use the Android Market / Google Play one must have a gmail account. The car analogy can be applied here as well. We don't have to register anywhere in order to drive a car. Why, after spending a hundred dollars, I am obliged to register on multiple web-sites in order to just make a call? If manufacturers and Google think that they can impose anything on the end user, then I don't need a smartphone at all! I better stick with a simple/non-smart cell phone that I had purchased for twenty bucks several years ago. For thousands of years people have survived without cell phones and I should be able to survive too rather than jumping over the hoops after spending a lot of money on a gadget!By the way, the quality of the photos taken by this phone is mediocre. It is not very noticeable while looking at the photos on the phone itself, but becomes obvious after they are transferred to a computer. They look slightly blurred (kind of like taken with a soft filter) and the colors are not saturated in red and yellow hues. Also, it does not take widescreen (16:9) photos or videos.The vlingo (speech-to-text function for SMS/texting, etc.) was working well during first day, but then started to take longer time for "thinking" and now just quits and does not produce text results. I blame Android OS 2.2.1 rather than Motorola, but Motorola should make efforts to choose a better OS for its hardware.I'll observe the performance of this phone for a few more days, but it appears to me that it is becoming a strong candidate for a return.ORIGINAL post:Ordered from Phone Etc vendor fulfilled by Amazon. The arrived phone was new in an AT&T; branded box. A 2GB MicroSD card was already pre-installed inside the phone. The phone has arrived with Android OS 2.1 version, however, through MotoBlur it was updated the same day to 2.2.1 (took 15 minutes or so to download the update via Wi-Fi). Currently using with a T-mobile SIM card on a value plan without data. Test picture messages in T-mobile environment have been received and sent successfully.The Android OS does not seem to be up to the hype. I had a PocketPC in 2001 and it seems that the Android OS has not made too much of a leap comparing to PocketPC. I expected more of a smooth usability experience that could be achieved during last 10 years (especially when Android is Linux based and not Windows based as PocketPC was).A word of caution to those who are unexperienced with Android. Since Android is Google owned, Google is forcing you to create a gmail account (or provide info to connect to your corporate calendar) for such a simple feature as the Calendar. That is totally ridiculous! Although I am not doing anything illegal and don't need to worry about my calendar, it makes me uncomfortable that under the veil of convenience to the user Google (or any other mega-corporation) wants to own all of your information. Hence, I will try some offline (that don't sync with gmail) calendars that are out there and if none of them will be a good alternative this phone (only because of Android OS) will be going back to Amazon.By the way, the reception seems to be good so far. Where a Nokia phone (3555b) would lose connection in our local Target, so far this one was showing 2-3 bard and maintaining its connection during a test call.Will update this review after some more usage and after the search for an alternative calendar.

simple and easy.  It takes care of all my needs without freezing up and the battery life is awesome!  I totally recomend this phone!

Honestly, I'm not big on cell phones, but this device allows me to combine multiple functions at a great price and high reliability. I basically use this cell to run the Mytracks app when doing road bike training and long event rides. I've used the GPS/Mytracks on >100mi rides and the battery life never gets below 50%(and I'm not very fast). I have to disagree with the comments that state rooting is difficult...I found it very simple,just follow the instructions. I'm rooted and running CyanogenMod9 and everything moves a little quicker. Phone features (wi-fi, stereo bluetooth, gps,etc) work fine. I've not had a major complaint. Granted, I'm not a texting and data usage type. I'm debating on purchasing another or moving up to Defy. I recommend this unit for both Android beginners and vets, especially those who are looking install various roms.

I purchased this phone because I was told it could be used with Consumer Cellular. I had several problems. Although it did send and receive phone calls, it was not fully functional with the Consumer Cellular apps. In addition, some of the apps were AT&T; apps with options that I could not use with my phone service.If you have AT&T; as a carrier, it is probably a great phone.

even though this product states it is unlocked. Many at&t features are predominant in this device causing it to be difficult to transfer other carriers data on to phone.

overall good.But the android version doesn't allow me to install my voip application.Looks are good and attractive and the browsing is ok

First of all let me qualify my five stars by saying this is my first smart phone so this review is not comparing the Motorola Bravo to another.  I'm one of those people who said they never wanted a phone to be anything other than a phone. But I'll eat those words in this review and say that the Bravo is a great experience! People tell me it is a very clear phone to hear me talk which was an important factor for me. The on-line Consumer Cellular tutorials have been very beneficial to help me understand all that the Bravo will do. There is also an app on the phone called "help center" that lets you learn many things at your own pace.The good things about the Bravo are many but I will try to mention a few that were such great things for me. Texting is much better on this phone and when you turn the phone sideways your big fingers can type much easier. The Motorola company has "MOTOBLUR" which combines emails and helps you in other ways that seem to make the Bravo the best choice for picking which cell phone to buy. I picked an android versus the iPhone and I am glad. The android market seems superior and works better with Microsoft based computers versus macs which are what I have at home and work. An example of "superior" is an app called "Call Control" that I have that goes through a list of marketing numbers and you can choose to have them go directly to voicemail at no cost so they don't call you. It's an interactive app where you can update marketing numbers so that others can block them too. I looked for this for my sister's iPhone and read it isn't available for those phones because Apple would not participate. The Bravo works on a 2.2 android system. I read a review that said a person will not know the difference when just starting with a smart phone and I agree. My phone is fast and efficient so I don't need to imagine how the 2.3 improves on perfection.I also thought I would need to go with another company when I got a smart phone because of usage. I upgraded my texting amount and talk minutes to accommodate more than I need and the monthly cost is still only $41.00 which is less than one of the most popular unlimited carriers I looked into. Bottom line for people who haven't moved to a smart phone or for folks who are looking for a quality smart phone at a great price - the Motorola Bravo is a wonderful way to get started! I learn new things about the Bravo every day and expect I will enjoy it for years to come.

Avoid this phone if possible, spend a few more on an HTC or other android device, it will be well worth it.  The phone, while producing the highest radiation levels on the market (check the list published) cannot go one day with out freezing and force-starting on me.  At least once a day, some times 3-5 times a day, the phone will freeze while using an app, crash, and restart itself.The camera is a horrible 3 megapixel and does not have a flash.  The menu button layout places the Home button directly below the space bar on the keyboard, frequently closing screens when hitting the space bar.Utter junk, avoid.

For an inexpensive unlocked smart phone this device has a lot of features. The phone feature on this smart phone offers very clear audio reception. I've bought this phone to use on a pay-as-you-go calling plan with no data. I rely on mainly using Wi-Fi for data access while at home. The Wi-Fi reception on this phone is not that good. It only works well when you have good Wi-Fi signal strength. The problem with this phone is that it only has a 800 MHz single core processor and may take a little longer to load apps that happen to be heavy on resources. Occasionally, the phone may reboot unexpectedly when the app that you happen to be running crash.Running most apps, the 1.5 amp hour battery generally lasts a couple of hours before you need to recharge. The nice feature of this phone is that it doesn't run hot when under continuous use.The negative with this phone is that the transmit radiation level is almost at the legal limit. At the present time the firmware can be updated only to Google Android  OS 2.2 and not to the latest one without rooting the device which will void the warranty for sure. The on board back facing non-flash 3 megapixel camera takes mediocre pictures and videos with audio. The color appeared to be a little washed out. I think the problem is just simply the low-quality small sensor and lens construction rather than the amount of megapixel on the sensor.

The Motorola Bravo MB520 phone is an excellent phone works perfectly responds perfectly to touch the screen, android market applications accounts Motorola Blur is wonderful, all the phone is amazing, but never misses a negative detail or better say a stone in the shoe, it happens that can not be upgraded to Android 4 will only have android 2.2 update and affects new applications exist that do not work with android 2.2 anxiously hope that the creators of Motorola or Android Market soon make upgrade android 4 for Motorola Bravo
