
I purchased this phone to be used on T-Mobile's network. When inserting the SIM card, I am told that I need the network unlock code. This phone has AT&T logos on it, so I would assume that it is still paired to their network. This product being advertised as an &#34;unlocked GSM ruggedized phone&#34; is just false. My phone was shipped from Tablet Distributors... They will be getting a 1 star as well

Best phone I have ever used, bullet proof. Have used on my job site for years without "ANY" problems "EVER"

have had a rugby ii for several years finaly wore out charger port.i am hard on phones first one i cant break. am bying a new one, want even look at a differnt phone.have worn out outside finish from constant abuse. if i cant break it you cant.

Works well on my at&t sim card. Just slid sim card in, turned on phone and it went right to work.  Phone was for my wife who 'just wanted a phone that was tough and easy to use' that she could wear on a lanyard.  It fit her requirements very nicely and she is very pleased with it so far.

my first phone would not hold a chargeThey sent me aanother battery but that didn't helpGot no help from manufacturer or attI bought another to see if it is any betterI got a good deal on the second one so I won't beout much if it's no better

Its a great phone bought it for hubby. He really hard on phones so I hope this last at for a year or so.

I bought this unlocked pdhone for my mom and she loves it now she can go to ant service carrier

I have had a Rugby A837 and to avoid a contract extension I reviewed the Rugby 2 and really wanted one and you help me find just what I wanted. Thanks for being a GREAT dealer.

Rock solid and meet all the expectations. Worth for what I have paid for this. I bought this to get rid to any contractual extension and it worked flawless since almost over a year now

The pick-up range was very bad, setting alarm was very time consuming,was not able to get the ring tone I wanted.It is built tough  and I will keep it as a back up phone.If the phone had a good external antenna it would greatly improve the range  and you would lose less calls.

this phone is the best for a flip phone and I was glad to find a replacement one for my friend

$80 and no manual. This phone will go back. We can't even get this phone charged and on. Not happy.

Had some shipping problems. But the seller was great with a quick response.I have had the ordinal rugby for over 3 years with no problems lots of Alaska abuse and the phone always worked great.the new rugby 2 seams to be working great and the voice command is a great feature.

The phone actually works and drops very few calls, other phones were real trouble for my wife. This phone made to military specs is tough and reliable. Haven't been able to get email and pics due to Straight Talk issues, but as a phone would highly suggest you get it!

the phone was good for less than 6 months then went dead and could not be repaired, by that time it was too late to return it.

This is the best phone i can find without needing all the fancy gimmicks. I want two things: A phone and the ability to text.People cry about the durability. It's a phone! Who cares, it's works fine and is probably tougher than the norm. If you're sensitive to volume and speaker and email performance, spend more and move on.I cant speak about range and performance. It works just fine in the city. I work construction and bought a &#34;holster&#34; for it. i see no reason i cannot get all i need for two years at least.At&t; costumers should be happy w it

This phone would not Bluetooth to any device and would only answer to speaker phone. After new "no use cell phone in vehicles" law, this phone was not useful at all.

got it in two days, it was more than I had expected.looks new with warranty. nice job thanks Bill Smith

I am not looking for some superphone, just something to talk on and text with that i can keep on me while working and this seems to do those things ok. I only have to charge it once every week and that is great. The ptt button, on the outside, however, is really annoying and it is a serious design flaw if it turns out that this cannot be deactivated or disengaged or whatever, as some people, myself included, get rugged phones so they can be worn while doing rugged work, and this button gets pressed at least five thousand times a day accidentally. I have yet to really attempt to do anything about this. Also it stinks that it doesn't say who is texting you so you have to open the phone instead of just looking at it.  This phone is worth the forty five bucks I paid for it.

I am a geologist and in the dirt a lot.  Went through several other phones that seem to wither and die when they get a little dirty.  The Rugby seems to hold up to dirt, shock and moisture.  It is one tough phone.

I recently bought this phone from Ehome Tech and I was happy with my purchase until I found out the phone would not charge a couple of days later after I received it. I contacted the company about it and they answered one of my emails about the phone but when I asked to exchange it they completely ignored me. I do not recommend buying from this company!

Purchased for my husband. He kills all cellphones hopefully this one will do the job. His bad habit is dropping them, cracking the screens. This one seems very sturdy. He likes it so far. Delivery was prompt.

I bought this for my husband.  He loves it.  He is disabled and has the use of only one arm.  His hands are big and he is able to use the keypad easily.  Did I mention that hes has had the phone for only a month and has dropped the phone on wood floor already and the phone has stood up.  It was not in pieces. Great phone!!!!!

It's okay with me works finewashed it couple of times with water and works finebattery is very goodBut it's not very well protected as I was expecting or I they said on their ad

The speaker phone quit working almost immediately.  I wear hearing aids and always use the speakerphone as it does not create feedback or require the hearing aids to make automatic adjustments as they do when the phone is held to my ear.

This is a rugged take a ton of abuse phone easy to read and operate its water resistant fell out of my pocket snow mobilng found it next day in the snow after sleet and freezing rain,worked fine. I am big in the outdoors and have dropped while quadding and cutting wood,fallen on concrete and rock just bounced and worked fine. The camera takes decent pics and it is gps equipped for emergency and has a good amount of features including big keys and easy to read graphics. It has a solid hook on the rubberized back works fine as a bottle opener and the large screw holds it closed no matter what the Battery holds charge for a long time and it gets excellent reception. Best flip I have owned do not want an upgrade and dont need it , If my wife had not driven to the local store with it on her trunk and had it fall off I would still have it I found it on the side of the road and it still turned on but was crushed, but I have ordered another at Amazon and got a refurbished gave my upgrade to my daughter..........

Got it and there was not a scratch on it, everything is working so far! i will know more after Christmas when it is officially opened, but the little bit that i messed with it before wrapping it was great!

This is a very good phone. It is very rugged and can withstand a lot of abuse. It also has great service.

This one is tough and does the job. Love the external speaker feature which makes it possible to lay the phone down, talk and be heard well also. Really great for those of us who don't hear so well on the Apple Smart Phone. Great outdoors.

My old phone broke and I needed a new one fast. The order arrived faster than expected and the item itself was much better than expected. This is a quality phone that will last!

I live in a rural area in Alaska, I have had this phone when I had a different carrier and that phone was good except that phone always took pictures in my pocket.  So now that I have a new carrier this phone was not available in their store to purchase (they offered a very limited amount of flip phones), and so the lady helped me know what to look for when purchasing online.  So happy that she knew what I needed to look for.  This phone has been in use for a couple of days, but it is just like I remembered: font can change (size and color), texting is so much easier, but another plus is it's Bluetooth capability (much needed).  So yes I would purchase it again (and I just might get another one for myself - as my husband has the honors of using this purchased one as he works in construction and needs a reliable - durable - one that can handle the rugged weather we get in the area work takes him) and I would recommend it in a heart beat.No complains about the company that sent it to me.  As I ordered it thru Amazon, as I know their process and trust that if I had any issues they would assist me along any process.Thanks for taking your time in reading my reply - hope it helps.

Phone is in great shape and works good. It looks like new and it is easy to use, thank you

Works great, looks new.  Received in time.  Went to ATT to get them to transfer data/contacts.  No problem.  Couldn't beat the price.I used it to replace the exact phone bought new 4 years ago.

This is just the rugged phone that my wife needs.  The instructions are not very people friendly but we will figure it out.

The phone has some dings and scratches but nothing major, for the price it was a great deal.  Bought an extra battery for the phone but have not used it yet as the one in the phone works fine for now.  I also bought a charger but one was include so I have not used that either.  I liked the first Rugby until the hinges broke. At this price I might get another for when I go through this one.  If you text frequently....find another phone, I don't so this is all I need.

I am a maintenance technician that implies that I am working in very dusty and wet environment. The phone meant to be used mostly at work. So that this was the best I could find in the case given. And the price was so sweet. Just 30 bucks. Almost like finding it on a street. That's all there is to it.

This is a replacement phone for one bought about 6 months ago from AT&T.  Hope this one last longer than six months.

The first one I purchased has been great however the one we purchased for my husband not happy with. We actually returned it because the charging part on the phone wouldn't work. We are waiting for the new phone to arrive soon.

I was not satisfied with this phone at all. Was supposed to be a new phone.  Went to two different AT&T stores and three technicians tried to get it set up.  Did not work.  Would not recommend it at all.

It's certainly as advertised - rugged, affordable, and has plenty of useful features. I dislike the exposed buttons along the outside edges of the phone, which are constantly triggered when handling the phone.

this is a great phone for senior, they can drop all they want and the phone is still working, in addition i put in my tmobile sim card and it works great

the phone is nice, I've thrown it in the sink a few times when it didn't do what I wanted and it took my tantrums with just a scuff and dent to show.  the speaker button works when it wants too, usually when I need it it doesn't work and when I'm talking it gets bumped and goes on when I don't want it too.  The ptt button is also an accidental button to be pushed almost everytime you use the phone so be ready to play the hey we are stupid and never tested this phone in real life game, only comes with like five ring tones lame, and to get more will cost some bucks, and no you can't cut down the songs to fit the requirements, the only option I've found is to record your own then it's all staticky and distorted when it rings, so live with five unless you want to spend ten for a month of internet and two dollars for each ring tone in which case you order ten just say that's thirty bucks to get just ten ring tones, I don't have internet but it doe's accidently get pushed and I could see how this could really tick some people off as well, well the good stuff I DONT CARE part, it's a loud ringer, the volume is good (Usually) it's durable, water wind rain dust shock, etc, military grade claimed.  The buttons are big I like.  oh remember just because you close the case doe's not always mean you ended your call so beware that gimmick as well, check to see if the little picture on front hangs up the phone or not, I've had many a call that never ended and that's uncool, big time.  Other than all it's bad when you are in damp light rain situations it's nice to know you are not killing your phone, when you drop it on concrete it's nice to know you will still have a phone after, one last thing you can play music I've got seven hundred songs on it and the speaker sounds mint with them, sometimes it works with the phone closed and sometimes it will only work with the phone open like now when I'm actually using it, so if you don't mind a phone that is possesed by a mean demon then buy it, it hasn't let me down yet for it's main purpose, if battery dies shut it down for ten minutes then make that emergency call quick it will gain enough strength, oh and pics are good and ez to get to with shortcuts, forget voice commands my free verizon phone worth about three dollars has better voice recognition than this one, even when spoken slow and clear it still pulls up everything but what you said, maybe it's my speech but I really really doubt it, I speak pretty well, one of the few things I've actually got on my side not just braggin.  So charge her every day after a year she's only good for about three twenty minute calls before she get's to one bar or two and if you play music with the speaker like I do now (no mp3 player now) it will die after about an hour of play, but battery with no use and being shut off will last without losing a bar for over a week it's been tested.  So shut her down for three to seven days and expect a full fresh charge.  Big phone by the way, but no oh I called you when I put the phone in my pocket like the stupid (smart) phones do constantly.

I did not think it played loud enough or clear enough for a work phone and I returned it.  Also The screen is very small

I've had several friends use this phone on the job and they've all loved it. Recently I had a customer who wanted to trade their smartphone in for a 'regular phone that makes phone calls'. They also wanted one that could stand up to use. This was the first phone that came to mind. It was simple to transfer contacts to the phone from a Galaxy Nexus. The buttons are nice and large which is convenient for older people. The phone is rugged and can hold up to use! Great buy.

Bought this phone and AT&T couldn't make it work. Said either the memory was flashed to another carrier or that the phone was defective. I'm sure this is a great phone model but this particular phone is now e-waste.

PTT is a pain, tried to disable it, no luck. Overall I can use the phone but still ATT and not really un locked. Volume if you enable speaker is ok since it has no earphone plug you will have to find a  blue tooth ear phone. I have 6 and none will pair. The plus is it is rugged and keeps a long charge.

Good phone. The first one was outside in the rain and snow for 3 days and still worked, but did not survive a swim with the manatees in FL. :-) We were pleased to find the same phone for a good price!

The phone itself is nice, but we are not able to access the internet or receive mms messages. We don't know the phone password or pin code either, so cant change the settings!!!!

arrived as expected. Very good shape ,will replace old broken phone . OLd phone was going to cost over one hundred dollars to repair

The phone was listed as new. I just received the phone in the mail and there is dirt and residue between the buttons and on the side buttons. There are scratch marks on the back of the phone. Clearly not a new phone.

Under the battery there is a white sticker and that had yellow streaks as if it had been used before. There was no Samsung box. Outside looks ok so not sure if the item was brand new.Samsung AB663450BA battery needed charging every day. I had used for less than 10mins for making calls. No multimedia content was exchanged; did not access internet. Battery heated during charging, so there are issues with battery.Then I used Samsung AB663450GZ XW battery and everything was fine. I did not had to charge every 8hrs and there was no heating while charging.

This phone is sturdy, durable, and gets the job done. I have no complaints about the phone of the company. The service was on time and the phone is as described and a good value. If you need a sturdy phone, get a ruby.

Although living on Guam I can't access all the features,I still like the simple things it can do and the large keys and the screen is easy to see.

I am very pleased with my Samsung Rugby 2. The phone is rugged and texting is easy.  Initially, I had a difficult time hearing the caller.  I finally e-mailed the seller, Cellular Gallery Inc., and was very, very pleased with their customer service.  They went the extra mile and called me at home to trouble-shoot the problem.  As it turns out, there was a sticker thing underneath the protective plastic inside the phone that appeared to be part of the earpiece but actually needed popped out.  This fixed my problem and I can hear perfectly on the phone now.  Thank you to the rep (I did not see his name in our e-mail communications) at Cellular Gallery Inc. for your help and going the extra step by calling me at home and fixing the problem.

This phone was one hundred, and twenty dollars cheaper than the same one being sold at ATT locations.  There is one drawback, however, which may prevent someone from actually purchasing this phone.  The unlocked phone is apparently a Canadian import, or set up for internet service in Canada with Telus.  You cannot alter the browsing profile on this particular phone, therefore there will be no way to be able to access the ATT mobile internet, otherwise, the phone works perfectly fine on the ATT calling network.  If you don't care about being able to access the internet on your phone, this is definately the way to go, and will save you money in purchasing this model phone outright, rather than &#34;upgrading&#34;.  f

This phone can hold its charge for at least 3 days even with moderate usage, which is wonderful.  This model is tied to AT&T service that you cannot delete even though it is unlocked for use with other GSM cellular carriers.  For the basic necessities of calling and text messaging, this cell phone meets my requirements.

The phone is great. Hardware-wise everything works as it should, and the phone is touch, durable, and rugged.  Only problem is that AT&T software is DEEPLY embedded into the firmware, and so if you want to use it for T-mobile (as I do) or other GSM providers, be prepared to use it strictly for phone calls and texts (and photos, though the camera is anemic at best) .  No GPS, No internet, no email, not unless you have AT&T service.  I did find a hack online to make the internet browser to work, but it was a pain in the rear.  Unless you can find a custom ROM for this thing (which I couldn't), you're stuck with mostly a cell phone (Which might be OK for many of you).  As far as T-mobile calls go, the phone was in fact &#34;unlocked&#34; and all i needed to do is pop in my simcard.  Battery life is quite good also.

Purchased two phones and since they didn't work as advertised I returned them.  My visa was charged with return shipping and a 20 dollars restocking fee for each unit.  After that experience I purchased one from a legitimate store front and it works great!  The other one is a smart phone and again it works with no issues.  Lesson to be learned, beware of the supposed online cell providers who surprisingly squeak through the cracks, even at Amazon.

I was looking for a durable, t-mobile compatible, flip phone for my hard working hubby and this is PERFECT! It's made by AT&T, but since it's an unlocked phone and it takes the same sim card as t-mobile...I just stuck his card in and it worked perfectly. It's large enough for his big hands and has big buttons. The sound, reception, and features are GREAT! It doesn't have a lot of &#34;bells and whistles&#34;, but that isn't what we were looking for. This one seems to be built to last and that is perfect for us! SO pleased!

It looks just like a new phone. i am  very pleased with my purchase  I will definitely deal with  them again.

The charger doesn't stay plugged into the phone as the port is warped and ruined. There are buttons on the side that get pressed accidentally triggering the speakerphone in the middle of calls. Won't be buying this phone again and won't be buying from this source again either.

It is a hardy phone. Good for those who drop phones..So far no problems. I had an older model that lasted 2 or 3 years and loved it. Not the best for texting though.

I am on my third Samsung Rugby flip phone.  The first two were unfortunate victims of washing machine suicides.I work in construction and this phone really holds up to the rough conditions it is exposed to.  It's great for me because it is so compact and I like the flip phones because they fold up to protect the screen. Also it is MUCH cheaper to purchase the phones through Amazon than the ATT stores where I bought my first 2 and I didn't have to extend my contract with ATT.  I'll probably get another for a back up in case of another washing machine incident.  It seems flip phones are becoming a thing of the past and are increasingly hard to find

Used phone in great shape no problems. I use it for work so not much more to say about that. LOL

It is new,it only required my sim card.I put the sim card in and was good to go.IT like this phone,it's my second one.I relegated my old one to use as a back-up,since I ran over it with the car,( still works).

very satisfied with this product shipping wasnt long no problems or  complaintsthanks for this item my husband was surprised his had quit working

The phone works great, I bought it for my dad, he is a mechanic and uses it to answer his business calls. Needless to say, new smartphones will not hold up to the abuse he puts them thru. Luckily this phone can take a beating, I have the same one, goin on three years not, and ive dropped so many times, it even fell out of my pocket when I was riding a atv. It still works, So glad I found it here,

HAVE OWNED THIS FOR OVER 6 MONTHS NOW. WORKS GREAT, NO PROBLEMS, BUILT LIKE A TANK. WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONNE WHO NEEDS A PHONE FOR ROUGH SERVICE.

THE SAMSUNG RUGBY 2 OFFERED BY WIRELESS SOLUTIONS ARRIVED IN 1 OR 2 DAYS, AHEAD OF SCHEDULE. THE PRODUCT WAS NEW AND IN THE ORIGINAL SHIPPING CONTAINER. BIJAN FROM WIRELESS SOLUTIONS INDICATED ALL THEIR PRODUCTS WERE NEW, IF STATED AS SAME ON THE AMAZON PORTAL. THE PHONE HAS WORKED WITHOUT FLAWS THUS FAR. THE 3G CAPABILITIES PROVIDE RECEPTION IN AREAS WHERE SIGNAL QUALITY IS POOR. THE RUGBY 2 MILSPEC DESIGN ENSURES DURABILITY YET IN A LIGHT WEIGHT FORM FACTOR. FEATURE PACKED THE RUGBY 2 WHEN UTLIIZED ON NETWORKS THAT ALLOW SIM CARD EXCHANGES IS THE IDEAL WORLD PHONE SUITED FOR USE IN A GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS ENVIRONMENT. WE APPLAUDE WIRELESS SOLUTIONS FOR PROVIDING A PRODUCT WITH THESE CAPABILITIES.

Great phone, looks good and works great. No problems at all. The phone was shipped fast. My Pure Talk USA sim worked with no problems.

This was a much appreciated gift for someone who wanted to stay with a flip phone instead of switching to a new touch screen type of phone.  The speaker works very well and is loud even in the car.  There has been some difficulty transferring the contacts from the old phone.  All in all, it looks and feels sturdy and well made and was ready to make and receive calls as soon as the SIM card was installed.

This product is quite durable and can survive most falls. I bought this phone for my dad who works in construction. So far so good.

I've had this phone a month now, and it's everything I expected.  I have a Company smart-phone, but I needed something a lot simpler to use as my personal phone.  I do not text on it, nor do I have a data plan.  I only use it as a phone - pure and simple.  I'm a senior citizen and like the large keys and the large screen fonts it uses when phone numbers are being typed in.  I've also managed to drop it onto a concrete sidewalk several times, and like the old Timex watches, it takes a licking and keeps on ticking.  It's one tough little phone.  I keep it in my back pocket or front shirt pocket, and it stays put without slipping out (its case seems to grip the fabric a lot better than my old hard-plastic Nokia phone).  I chose the Rugby 2 over the Rugby 3, because the Rugby 2 is a lot smaller and lighter.  The Rugby 3 is large and heavy, because it has a bigger battery in it.  I'm not a teenage girl, so I don't need the extra hours worth of talk time that the Rugby 3 will give you.  Since this phone is &#34;unlocked&#34;, I simply removed my old SIM card from my broken AT&T Nokia phone and inserted it into my Rugby 2.  Worked like a champ with no re-connection problems.  One note before going:  the User's Guide that comes in the box is the &#34;condensed&#34; version' be sure to download the full User's Guide from Samsung, or you will go crazy trying to figure our some of the phone's features.  Would I recommend it to my (older) friends?  You bet I would!

I don&#8217;t need this much phone.  Too many buttons on the side that keep getting hit.  Althought it&#8217;s unlocked the phone still has a large amount of AT&T programming on it that I can&#8217;t delet.  It&#8217; works but.....I would not recommend it to a friend.

the phone itself looked great. my problem was with the battery which did not charge the phone, because the battery was old, worn, used. the writing was faded on it.

It works fine with AT&T go phone pay as you go, but does not work on international GSM.  It is locked.  If not 100% unlocked, it will cost you to get it unloced for internaional use.

Very good phone.

I really like this phone.  It works well very good reception and has great battery life. it is also the most rugged phone I have owned. It was used and really beat up looking when I got it  but also really cheap.  I however did super glue the PTT and the silly speaker buttons.  I also live in a area of high crime and less than a mile from my home a young man was killed this year for his smartphone....No one would bother to steal this beat up cheap looking phone!  For me a cell phone is a tool and not a social status item so this is the perfect phone for me!

I bought this phone for my husband. He works in constrution type areas and needed something that took a beating. That it does and the call quality and reception are great. You can get on the intenet if you desire. It is 3 g capable. Great phone and yes I would recommend it to others.

I ordered this phone for my husband.  He works in a logging business and up until now was buying his phone at Wal-Mart.  which ws fine but the phones were not lasting but about a year.  I thought he would like something more durable so I ordered him this phone for Christmas and he has commented several times that he loves it thanks

I've already had the phone before and it works for me. I bought this as new, and it came with a phone number directory of 300 or more numbers, Emails, etc. Although it had all the packaging, I've got to wonder how it came to possess these things if it were really new? My only complaint...

This phone is really tough on the exterior, but it has it quirks that I don't care for.  The camera is not very good at all.  When I tried to import pics from camera to computer, there is no devise for that.  Then I went to windows to find a devise that would allow import and it would not download completely.  Not so friendly phone.  It makes a noise through out the night when charging, have to unplug it and turn it off, ( not good )  Will do more homework in the future before purchasing another phone.

The unlocked part sucks. It keeps wanting to sell me ATT stuff and won'y let me get to things because I don't have a ATT account.

Love everything about the phone, definitely suits my needs. Just need to make and receive calls. Also love the rugged look, looks like it could handle a lot.

RUGGED.  Left it in my pocket and got washed.  Didn't realize until I transferred my clothes to the dryer.  I couldn't believe it survived.  Both screens and the camera had some moisture, but the battery compartment was completely dry.  I immediately took the battery out and put everything in a jar and added some moisture absorbing silica I saved from food packaging.  Next day, I turned it on and it did.  It worked.  The screens were a bit clouded because some moisture was still there.  For next several days, I kept it in the same jar when it's not in use.  About a week later, the moisture was gone.  Everthing worked, but the camara.  Awesome brick:)

I replaced a Samsung Hue and samsung A777 with this rugby phone. I really prefer the Hue over this one, but since I can't use the Hue on AT&T;, I had to find another. The A777 worked for me, but the screen finally died; so this is the replacement to keep it from breaking...The sound quality is ok... it is harder to hear, (less clear) then the A777 was, and I get slightly less signal from this one then the A777. The battery lasts about 5-7 days on idle, so ok.The PTT is slightly annoying since i hit it all the time, as well as the side buttons that are sensitive, the way I hold the phone I accidentally hit the right side button which turns on the speaker, and when I put it away to close, I often hit the volume rocker on the left that causes the ringtone to go up or down.It works for me for now, but I would change back to my Hue if I could.

Very satisfied!  Quick shipping!  This was a gift for my aging father.  All he wants was a phone with large numbers that you can see, large keys, which they are & a speaker phone... Which is  one button accessible.  The phone is exactly what I was looking for. Very pleased.

Love this thing. I can hang it around my neck while i am outside working, and don't have to fish for it when it rings. I just leave it right there while I talk, and the speaker phone is loud enough to hear above the tractor noise. I have already dropped it several times on the concrete garage floor, and it seems to like it. Have already recommended it to all my friends. My first thought when I got it was, man, this thing is bulky. No way! I love it like this. It is so easy to handle and to hang onto. My old one kept slipping around in my hands. Thanks, Karen's hubby, Ben

PHONE IS GREAT HAS GOOD RECEPTION AND FUNCTIONS WELL..I HAD ALREADY LOOKED AT THIS PHONE AND AM PLEASED.QUICK DELIVERY AND I LIKE PHONE

very solid, very basic -- was feed up with my smart phone  and went back to basic--works fine.and seems to be very rugged

Here is what I did with my Samsung Rugby II PPT/cam button. I carefully popped it off using a tiny precision screwdriver. You will see a protruding plastic "pin" on the back of the button. I cut it shorter, applied a tiny bit of plastic super glue using a toothpick to make sure of a seal, and popped it back in place and held it until it dried. You can probably put something small over the button and hold it in place with elastic bands until it dries.. just make sure you don't have excess glue visible... It worked for me. I didn't need that button function anyways, and I don't miss it. You look at the phone.... the button is still there, and you can't tell anything was done to it . . It's a great phone that has served me well in world travel. I have a second unlocked Rugby II as a backup in case my first one disappears....Of course if you do this little modification, you must be willing to accept all risks.  Just do it carefully and there should be no problem. You must also be willing to not have that PPT/Cam button function anymore.  I don't miss it... you can't tell just by looking that anything was done.. and you can still take pics with the onscreen function and keypad buttons.

great rugged phone i serve warrants and tear phones regulary but his one can take a beating and keeps ticking only issue was i had to buy a unlock code so it was not a true unlocked phone

It it brand new fresh out the box and works perfectly and tough as bone!It has a better camera than the version I had i think.

I love this little phone it is all I need.  I'm not into the smart phones and this rugged little phone is perfect for me.

unable to key lock keypad

just what I was hoping for in the product, We have an older model which is so durable and great.

The phone is very sturdy, but pretty hard to navigate. A PPT screen keeps popping up each time I open it, at the numbers are not displayed in the front when the phone is closed. Also, the charger did not work.

I bought this phone because my phones tend to get broken and I wanted a sturdy device.  So far it has survived both me and my toddler (no small accomplishment).  My only problem with it is it seems to have a hard time notifying my when I am receiving a call (on average about 30-40 percent of the time).  It's not a big deal for me as I just call back when I see I've missed a call and I don't rely on my phone for critical contacts.

I like the form factor, but little else about this phone.  I am comparing it to my Motorola Tundra, of which the hinge broke again.The speakerphone is not nearly as good as the Tundra.Although I set up the device to use noise suppression, whenever I make a call on the speakerphone it says "noise suppression off."When someone calls me and I go to return their call, there is no way to edit their number.  For example, if I want to unblock my phone I can't edit it and add a "*31."I think the volume buttons should be farther up on the left side of the phone, where the thumb would normally be.

I recently purchased the Samsung Rugby 2 flip phone and am very happy with it. I bought it after researching the phone online. I found that it is very durable, complies to military standards, is shock resistant, rain resistant, etc. I only use the phone for phone calls and texting. I did not need the features of a smart phone, nor do I like paying $75. or $100. a month for a cell phone. I have AT&T; "Pay As You Go" plan which I have had for the last 5 years. I pay $25. every 3 months and have never run out of minutes, its basically 10 cents a minute. Think about it, $8.33 a month! If my minutes do run low, I can always add more minutes if I need in any increment I want, $10. $15. etc. and they do rollover.The best feature of the Samsung Rugby 2 phone is the call quality. Every review I read mentioned this and it is true, it never drops a call and the call quality is remarkable. Samsung has done a great job building a rugged phone. The phone costs $265.00 retail from AT&T; without a contract. I was able to find it on Amazon, brand new, unlocked, for $125.00. A great deal! The only way to get it cheaper is buy it through AT&T; with a 2 year contract for $99.00.

I bought this phone for my husband who is a landscaper and is very hard on phones.  He usually drops them or they get so dirty.  He is just rough on them.

I TRY TO CONTACT THE VENDER BY EMAIL AND NO RESPOND UNTIL TODAY. THE PHONE IS FREEZING AND I WENT TO AT&T, THEY TOLD ME THAT THE PHONE IS NOT NEW AND HAS NO WARRANTY. I PURCHASE US NEW, I THINK THAT THE ONLY SOLUTION IS TO CONTACT MY CREDIT CARD. UNLESS YOU CAN DO CORRECT THIS PROBLEM.

I needed a phone that was rugged and can hold up under humidity and cement floors.  This is the phone I was looking for.  This is a basic phone that will hold up when you need it.

Great phone but the volume could be better.Volume is fine on speaker. Ringer volume is great.So you won't miss a call because you didn't hear it ring

My husband wanted a no frills flip phone that is sturdy and basically just used for phone calls and texts.  He is very happy with the size, design and overall ease of using this phone. Our only complaint is that I wanted to download ringtones for identifying various callers easily, but even after calling the phone company, we could not log onto the web and I have been directed to take the phone to an AT&T store so they can see what the issue is.  There is no official AT&T store close to where we live, so he is currently using the ringtones provided on the phone.  I would have given this phone a 5 if all aspects of it were functioning.  We just put his old SIM card in and it powered right up.  Nice phone for anyone who still likes a flip phone with none of the bells and whistles!!

This is a wonderfull cell phone for my job as a manager in my ranch.Resistant to shocks,rain,l I'll recomend for people who works in the field.I lost mine ,and I ordered a new one

When I opened up the box, the item I purchased, the 'Top cover' piece was fall apart... I was so disappoint...  I have to use 'super glue' to fix it by myself. Sorry, no more Amazon.com..

good solid phone. good reception. good volume level. Would have liked it to look a bit nicer like the Verizon rugged phone...We ended up returning it (it was a gift and the person didn't like the &#34;feel&#34;)

I bought this for my dad. It was suppose to replace the one that was stolen from him. He actually told me that I ordered the wrong one but that didn't stop him from using it. I recommend this product and service to everyone.

It is as it has been advertised. It is a sturdy and very well built phone that is easy to use.

I bought a brand new Rugby II. I know it was brand new because it still had all the plastic peel offs and everything that comes with the phone was factory sealed. This phone would not hold a charge for more than one day so I sent it in for warranty repair. I got it back as unrepairable because of water damage. I know without a doubt that this phone has never been even slightly wet since I only had it for a couple of weeks. So, they sent the phone back and when I got it the charge is holding fine but they broke the green "send" button. They now refuse to fix the button they broke since they have labeled the phone as unrepairable. So to sum up, I am stuck with a phone that I paid a lot for, that doesn't work because Samsung warranty department broke it. If you buy a Samsung product, GOOD LUCK!

Received item on time and as described.

its working great so far and my mom  love it. The phone was sent oversea and once the SIM card was put in it started working without a problem.

I got this phone to use on a basic no frills phone plan and it has worked out great. Seems very durable and contains many features not offered on more expensive phones.

This phone was as good as original from AT&T for the short time he used it.......my husband dropped it in a bucket of water the second week he had it......

This phone is very durable and easy to use!! The picture screen is a little small, but everything else is great!

Basically mint condition great phone my fianc&eacute;e really enjoys it, he thinks that smart touch screen phones are to fragile so I'm glad this phone is durable and works great for him, also the seller was totally awesome, thanks!

this is a great heavy duty phone.  bought as a gift, person loves it we have bought 2 so far.

This phone has better reception than any cell phone I've had. Very rugged. Has survived many drops onto concrete floors with no problems. Moved simm chip from my old phone to this one and that's all there was to it.

The phone has an external PTT (push-to-talk aka press-to-transmit) button which is quite easy to depress inadvertently.  That brings up a screen wanting to start a PTT activity.  (PTT is an optional, extra cost feature that lets your phone act much like a walkie-talkie.)  You then have to cancel the PTT before you can resume what you were trying to do.  As it comes in the box, the functioning of the PTT button cannot be changed or disabled (maybe by rooting the phone, which is something I didn't want to do.)Also, the ringer wasn't loud enough for my taste.  I paid the return postage and returned it.

Good!

Cant use this phone unlocked att. I need apn code to use this phone.If its too much of a pain in the -ss its going back

I have had the phone for one day.And so far the phone has been easy to setup.(Once I got used to it) The manual that came with it is only tells you basic functions.Although I did find a full (pdf) manual online. After charging the battery to full charge.I left it on my desk over night only to wake up with the battery light flashing. Not really what I expected from a refurbished $120 phone. So I just bought another new battery for $16 hoping that fixes the problem.

Very reasonable price, I've had one for years can't kill it, I know down the road they will not be available so its a back-up work phone...Rich.

Had this phone for a month. So far it is good no problems. With it everything came in the box, charger and battery. The shipping was a week. So overall I am happy and the price was good compared to a retail store. I thought it would be used but no, it was completely new from the box.

First off ... this phone is not rugged.  With just the phone and a few coins in my pocket, the LCD crystal on the outside was damaged despite no evidence of damage on the outside window.  The menus are complex and counter intuitive.  My battery died after only a few weeks. The PTT feature is annoying, and cannot be turned of.  And Samsung support ... A legend in their own mind.  In short ... I jut don't like this phone.

THE PHONE WORKS WELL AND IS EASY TO USE. ACTUALLY HAS MORE FUNCTIONS THAN I NEED.THE PHONE IS COMPACT AND WITH THE BELT HOLDER IT'S NEVER IN THE WAY

This only complaint is that the light shuts off on the key panel too soon.  Sometimes the volume for the ear is sketchy, requiring you to put it on the outdoor setting but the speakerphone works great and does not distort.  It was nice to find this unlocked phone for a decent price without having to change a carrier you are happy with in order to get the phone at a higher price anyway with ATT.

If you're looking for a rugged and well made phone then look no further than the Samsung Rugby. This phone was purchased after years of use and abuse of the first model. Very pleased with purchase.

It's not an AT&T network phone, rather TELUS which is a Canadian Network.  It is not completely Unlocked/unlockable.  I will never be able to send or recieve pictures or get any media/internet if I were to choose so because it can not be unlocked completely.  Also due to recent experience with the daylight savings change, to prob include travelling across the continental US, the time will not update on it's own.  You have to manually update the time.  I have tried so many things/times to try and unclock the phone but, to no avail.

This is the second one I have purchased. It takes a licking and keeps on ticking unless you accidently drop in water for along period of time. Even so, you can still use it, if properly dried in time. This cell has a lot of features and if used correctly , you can do anything from GPS to E-Mail.

Great, cool, funky and classic device.Good Rugged Mobile for throwing down someone :-0 ..Long battery life and good cell reception

If you want a great phone simple to use not a smart phone . It works great for me!!! Big easy to read numbers too!!!

Purchased this phone the first time with charging issues. Spoke to an Amazon customer rep. who made it so easy to return the phone, receive my refund and repurchase a second phone. The second phone worked great! I'm assuming it might have been a defect on that particular phone since the second one had no issues with holding a charge. Love, love, LOVE Amazon's customer service/support team and most definitely purchase from this buyer again!

Samsung Rugby Cell phonePhone works OK but has some software glitches that make it difficult to turn off at times.

its always show siginal bar even if u take sim card out its an unlocked phone but its doesnt work with any of the US SIM CARDS DONT WASTE MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT GUYS BUY BLACK BERRY FOR THE SAME PRICE OR  CHEAPER

We ordered 3 of these Rugby II's for myself, my wife, and my son. The microphone quality on these phones suck.  lot of people can't understand what I or my wife are saying,  my son agrees and hates the USB's inability to leave the ph on when plugged in.All of these phones shut down when you plug into the Mico-USB port.WE had motorola v3 razr's which were all-round much better phones even at 5+ years old!  These Samsungs are a nuisance to set up and operate.I sent all 3 phones back for refund. It took some time to sort it out but I have been notified by Amazon that all refunds have been issued.

great gift for dad on Father's Day. Its very durable and i'm satisfied with the quality. Thank you!!!! !!!! !

I have really liked this phone, and have had it for about 2 years now.  It has been dropped I don't know how many times, and has no problems.  I like that the battery cover doesn't pop off when it is dropped, and I like that I don't have to worry about letting my 1 year old mess with it.  I appreciate a cell phone that does its job, isn't trying to be anything other than a phone, and is very sturdy.

It meets my expectations. I was looking for an easy to use for mainly for short calls on a prepaid phone.

I am very pleased with The Samsung Rugby 2. Very simple To use. However I do like to be able to look at a manual. It does not include a hardcopy manual with the phone. It took forever to download on my computer.

this is the phone I expected to be, just like the one I used have, Samsung always has a great product

There's nothing I can see that qualifies this phone as &#34;ruggedized&#34;. It's a standard flip phone, that's about it.One problem is that it's a ridiculously huge flip phone. Easily the largest flip phone I've seen.Another problem is it works only intermittently - at best - on the T-Mobile network. I used multiple SIM cards in this phone, but consistently had the same issues with spotty function (sending texts and making calls).Also, the PTT (push to talk) button is in an annoying spot - I frequently pushed it simply inserting and removing from pocket, whereupon the phone always warned me that I'd be charged this and that for using PTT.

I got it on time... it is an easy phone to used and that's what I want..I just need a phone..

stand by time isn't 75 hours. can not find signal of minute counter /om motorolla it is and work very convenient.

My husband needed a rugged phone and he refuses a smartphone.  This is his second one, so they are not completely indestructable.  This phone is just better than the ones he has had in the past.  It's simple to use and he can hear on it.  Hope they don't stop making them, because I'm sure he'll need another one.  Plus, I like the fact that I didn't have to commit to ATT for another two years!  Just slipped in the SIM and it worked great!

its loud , so I can hear it ring in a noisy environment. I hope it holds up over time, we'll see.

It's a good phone. Sound is good. Ringer is loud. A flip phone works well for my husband. It looks like it's pretty sturdy!

I like this phone alot . You don't have to worry about it breaking if you drop it . The only down side is it is 3G capable but I tried my data plan on it and found data will not work on this phone but a great phone if you just call or text also works with consumer cellular system .

Some functions are frustrating - but is typical of an older model phone. Already dropped it several times and it's going strong! We've dubbed it the &#34;brick.&#34; Only drawback is sound during calls fades in and out. Have to keep turning the volume up and down depending on the phone call or voicemail I'm listening to. Like it for what I need it for though!

Battery life is short.  It is also not waterproof. They advertised that it was waterproof, but they are not telling the truth.

I have been using this telephone for approximately 3 weeks. While the construction appears &#34;tank -like &#34; the phone appears to shut itself off. Further more three times I have not been able to place calls until I have opened the compartment and removed and re-inserted battery. Will send it back if occurs again!!

Fast shipping and great product. Phone was brand new in the box, was purchased as a christmas gift for a family member and they are very happy with the phone and find it easy to use. Would reccommend this seller 100%

Phone is great, technical support is very poor.  I bought this phone for use in Canada, assuming that input of my Canadian Service provider info would be simple.  Wrong!  After hours of technical support from Fido (Canadian Service provider), Samsung, and AT&T, I have been unable to do anything but send and receive phone calls.  Nobody can help me input the new service provider info to maximize all uses of the phone.  Of course, it's impossible to get Fido, Samsung, and AT&T talking the same language and talking together to help.  We may be able to put a rover on Mars, but nobody can get this phone to work, it's just a bridge too far.  If you want to use this phone for any carrier other than AT&T, you might as well buy a $10 throw away.  Wish I could find someone to help, but have spent over 20 hours talking to all technical support people without success.

However I returned mine.  Fully charged unit at about 8pm got up the next morning and phone had shut off and battery was dead, couldn't even turn it on until it was on charger for a few minutes.  I think the phone is great I just got a bad one, or a bad battery.  The PTT button is in a bad place and there is no way to turn if off with software, so I see that as the one bad feature.

was brand new in the box, as advertised. However it was not unlocked. Had to call AT&T to get it unlocked. Worked fine after that

The Rugby 2 is one of the most durable phones available on the market. My last phone was a Nokia N80. While that phone was durable, nothing comes close to this one. Not only is it waterproof but also dirt-proof and shockproof. I found that although it is a bit clunky at  more than 1/2 inch, it is still mildly stylish. The phone has a flat appearance from above. Also the inner keyboard makes it look very simple yet very well made. I found the keyboard to be larger than most phones. It is thus perfect for anyone who has trouble viewing or pressing small numbers. Similarly, the screen is very large and easy to navigate around. The battery life is exceptionally long. It can "standby" for about 3 weeks--this is unheard of from flip phones. Nevertheless, I can see how the price might be a bit high to pay for a "rugged flip phone". I believe that the AT&T; website offers it with a contract but for less money. If you'd like to search for more discounts, I would recommend starting a family plan or checking if your work place offers any exclusive discounts.I would definitely suggest buying this phone; I don't think it will break very easily.

it works as it should, just wanted simple phone for father in law, he needed some thing simple to use

I paid for new and this has to be refurbished. A piece of junk.

I bought and paid for what was suppose to be a &#34;new&#34; cell phone.What I received was a used one. It was repackaged and didn't come with the things you usually find with a new in the box phone.  I know because I already had the same cell phone from ATT prior to this one.Some functions are a bit buggy but it works and the battery works so far.

I switched carriers and went from a CDMA Motorola Quantico 845 to a GSM Samsung Rugby 2.  Both phones are designed to be heavy duty i.e.: a little water ok, dust and dirt ok, drops ok. The Samsung has matched up fine as a replacement. It has most of the same features as the Quantico 845.  The Rugby 2 has bigger number keys, bigger screen, and clearer visibility of home screen icons like date, time, battery level, signal level and volume. I do carpet cleaning for a living and need a loud ring. So far it has been good but not as loud as the Quantico. There is a dedicated button on the top left side for &#34;PTT&#34; a built in feature &#34;Push To Talk&#34;. It is a subscription based walkie-talkie like option. I have no interest in it and the button is far too sensitive to being pressed also because of the button location where I grab my phone out of my pocket it gets pressed often. That part is just an annoyance. The Rugby 2 has only a few ringtones installed.

Not good cellphone and not have nothing of rugged today the front screen its broken only with a drop of 1 feet very cheap and partial locked with att apps i canot use the gps, and nothing of this, very desapointed thank you

my husband had never had a cell phone before because he was afraid he would never be able to use it and this is a great phone for people that don't need all of the Smart phone stuff, just a simple and easy phone to make and receive calls

I use this for a test peice of eqipment when working on UMTS networks.  So for what I use iy for it works, well.  I've not used it for any other purpose.

the external is pretty good.  wish the internal system was more simple.  keeps trying to get me to get on something to charge me data.  internal sucks.  and not just cause its an old phone, because its plain set up wrong and inefficient.  What are ya gonna do!  I wanted a downsize and its doing its job :)

need the perfect phone to stand in a rough environment. This was the perfect phone in great condition.  thank you

I like this phone, but WIRELESS PROFESSIONALS sold me a refurb as new. It came with a replacement battery (not factory installed) that would not charge. So they sent me another (replacement) battery. But soon I found that it overheated when charged --scary. Because it was past the return window when I realized the second battery wouldn't work, they would not help. I had to buy a new battery and charger on my own. Now I am finally able to use the phone. I can't get over the lack of customer support these days. I've had a recent rash of bad luck from sellers selling refurbs as new. I am beginning to get wary of ordering from any sellers other than Amazon or Amazon Fulfillment.

Tuff little phone. It has all of the features that a person will need. Music sounds great on it as well.

This phone isn't working all the time. I got it for my dad so he wouldn't have to upgrade his contract but he isn't very happy with it. It doesn't want to work all the time

It works! I have not needed the water resistance yet but I know it is there if I need it.

Not as described not a tough phone could not survive first rain very disappointed. It was mentioned as tough phone and water resistencwe but all is a failure

Excellent quality and Hugh savings

Don't buy a GSM unlocked cell phone.  You will not get Internet service.  I wish someone told me before I purchased a few phones that were unlocked.

I just purchased one of these phones, which arrived in new condition in the box, and inserted a OneSim card for overseas use.  I had nothing but trouble with the combination--'was never able to complete a voice call within a European country (had to rely on the text feature), and was unable to receive one incoming voice call, even though I pressed the right button (?).  After reading many of the reviews here, I am wondering if the issue was with the phone (not really unlocked?  The At&T logo comes up at power-up), and not with the card.  Also, this should be advertised as a PTT phone only, since the PTT button is really a problem in just getting the thing out of the case or pocket, and trying to receive a call.  Next trip, I will go with a phone service that offers overseas coverage, and another phone.

Fast shipping, great price. This is the best phone if you work around construction.  I recommend to anyone that is consistently breaking phones.

nice phone with great signal. it is perfect for one who is doing construction work and you have loud volumn and it is very well design phone for older.

I had another phone which did not work properly, but now with this phone I can answer my phone and not miss a call.

I buy this cell, because I have to use it for my job.  I broke the one my job gave me, because it fell off my hand and it was open and I stood on it.  I get crazy, because I have to pay $150 to my company for it.  I decided to took a look in Amazon and there was it.  I have that phone for 5 1/2 years and in one occasion it fell in a deep hole on the street full of water, and amazingly nothing happened to it.  How many struggles that phone passed trough, but he never fails me,  he always works even when it was broken, amazingly I kept using it to pass the order to my company, but for them, I have to give it back the way they gave it to me, not broken.  And at this wonderful price, no way I,m going to pay $150 to my company.  This is a very good quality phone, very very very resistant, believe me, it's not a touch one, blackberry or iphone, but  I love this phone.  Sadly I have to give it back if I quit someday.
