
I bought this phone with T-Mobile 2-year contract and the very first day I had problems. We bought two with my wife and she is having the same problems, we changed one of the phones in first week but no change, all of these phones are defective!The problems are all major:-Phone shuts down randomly. Think about you have an emergency, you pick your phone and its off!! It happened to me when my wife was in ER!!-Sometimes battery discharges more than 50-60 percent in 1 hour!-I can't install many of the apps because phone crashes! I thought its because of the app but when I checked the reviews people didn't have any problems with their phones.-Even though it has 8mp camera it doesn't focus, I can't take clear pictures.-It soft restarts itself when I quit apps (even built-in ones) and phone becomes unusable for about a minute.-If you listen to music with your phone forget it with this phone, its battery dies in 6-7 hours and you have to charge it during the day.-Sometimes when charging it heats a lot, I can barely touch it.-Its speakers are awful. You can't hear anything from this phone's speakers.I would use my old Ericsson A1018 instead of this phone. I never had this much of problems with any other electronic device in my entire life.Their customer service is awful too. I wrote to them many times to have a solution but they only say they are very sorry to hear that and suggest me to uninstall applications!!! What is the point of having an Android phone if I cannot install apps!!There are many other phones in the market, don't buy HTC, look online for reviews first before you buy. I didn't and I regret it now.

I loved the phone when it arrived. It was fast, responsive, and handled multi-tasking very well. A week later the screen froze for the first time since I'd had it, and then went black. The end, it had become a brick in one moment. Fortunately, the seller,  was very good about providing my return label and prompt refund

This phone exactly what it describes to be.....the best way to stay online while on go......a great cam and GPS....the screen resolution is superb..

No complaints. Would totally recommend and buy from in the future. :) Phone works great and still does. I have had no issues whatsoever. I got exactly what I expected. Even exceeded expectations.

I bought it for my husband for Christmas and it only lasted him a couple of months. The ringer volume broke all of a sudden. The ring volume is turned up all the way in settings, however there is no sound when ringing. When I googled the problem it seems like it's a very common issue. I didn't have any insurance on it so too bad for me. I went to get it checked and I was told it needed new processor. I 'd rather buy a different phone than put more money in this one. It's not worth it.

In the product description is clearly says that this is the Z710e aka UNBRANDED model, but it came in an T-MOBILE box and is BRANDED...

this is the phone i wanted, and i would have gave this product 5 stars if it came like i wanted.the shipping was fast, within a week FedEx calls and tell me that a package will be at my house the next morning, and that i need to sign it.about the phone, its great, fast, cheap, and one of the first phones of this new generation phones, therefore it will last long before i will need to replace, perfect buy for someone like me that isnt intrested in a contract, still getting used to cause i used iphone for the past 4 years.the phone also came with 8 gb class 4 (kingston) memory card, which i did see in other sites but not on this page, so i bought 16 gb mc just in case, so its great.now if you are looking for an unlocked device, this is not.its T mobile's htc and it even comes in their box and has the logo under the glass,above the screen and ofcourse tmobiles rom.the phone isnt unlocked, works only for tmobile, when you insert another sim it asks you to enter a password which the seller did not provide, after a long frustrating week with many calls, i was lucky enough and got T mobile to unlock it for me, because my friend is on t mobile.if you buy this phone you probably need it unlocked cause otherwise you would have bought it with a cotract from a network, or even live in another country and bought it cause it is cheaper on amazon.the seller did not contact me back so far, all through i managed to get it unlocked, if he will answer back i might change the review, but just letting you know, this is not unlocked, and if you are not on t mobile or have a way to unlock it, its a brick, might as well use at as a door stop.

Buy this phone if you live in a cold climate and want a personal heater.My phone was sitting in standby, when I picked it up it was so hot that I couldn't hold it in my hand. I tried turning it on but it was completely fried.I then did some research and found out that this is an issue that is widespread with the HTC Sensation.Called Tmobile, they are going to send a replacement phone but they have no idea when the issue will be addressed by HTC.They said that HTC is aware of the problem but has not addressed it yet, there is supposed to be a firmware update.If you ask me, this is a class action lawsuit waiting to happen. HTC should step up, recall and fix the issue immediately, instead they are playing a hide and seek.This issue could have ended up far worse if the battery got even hotter and caused a fire, which is definitely plausible.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE FOR THE TIME BEING.

I think this phone is absoletely great. I used to use HTC inspire and  I can't even compare them. This one is so faster than inspire. Also, 4g works great and reasonable compare to at&t. I really recommend this phone.

i got two phones only one is working as a matter of fact only one is unlocked I wouldn't bother with this site  again

They have send me duplicated piece. It is not the original HTC phone. Even if you are sitting right beside the phone you hear nothing.

Got this phone for my son, and he really liked it. I think the main thing that made this phone nice was the dual camera.

I have the Sensation a month now.The device is great and working well. The only problem I have with it is its low speaker.The sensation has a very low speaker, you can hardly hear the phone ringing if you're not in a silence environment let alone hear an SMS or any other notification.This really bothers me because I like to talk on the speaker a lot and usually i'm not standing right next to my phone so I miss a lot of notifications.Other than that, this phone rocks.

This is a wonderful phone for half of the day. I love my HTC Sensation in the morning. In the afternoon it turns into a brick. HTC missed the mark on this one. Why would you produce a phone that can not make it through a whole day? I charge this phone at night and by 5:00 it shuts down. I keep wifi and GPS off to get as much as I can out of the battery but it still can't make it to the evening. The only time it makes it is if I am chained to my desk and keep it plugged in for a few hours midday.

i had the sensation for about two months. great phone. bad battery . got thru the day maybe fifty percent of the time. bought a  back up battery. thats a  pain in  the butt. got the s2 for two months now. great phone. great battery. get thru the day seems like every day. with 30% or more remaining. same usage. same apps. girlfriend has my touch slide 4g. same battery problems as sensation. they are much heavier too. i had the vibrant for a year as well. battery life was better. must be the amoled screen usees less power. noticeable difference for real. also s2 is much lighter. noticeable. i prefer lighter. slide 4g has better camera than both. but the battery......

I ordered the phone and it didn't pick up any towers.  I powered up and then would cut off on me.  Tmobile said something was wrong with the internal antennae and they couldn't get it connected.  I tried to send it back and the company Cell Lounge Inc. is not warrantying the phone even though I just got it.  This is the worst service I've ever received. And will Not order anything through Amazon or Cell Lounge again.

i fought this thing last year, now, i return it already.. not a good product, so i just go back to apple. this one is suck

I bought these as a Christmas gift for my daughters, and they are very happy with them. Excellent product, thanks,

the devise are good and all functions works will and touche  screen are perfect , but it did not get in to the wi-fi net .

Fantastic item. Major problem I have is that you can't save many apps to the SD card, which tends to decrease how much of the little bit of onboard memory it comes with. Other than the tremendous drain on the battery that everything I tend to use does... I would say this is the best phone I have ever used. The camera is fantastic, the call quality is great. The speakerphone isn't great... but I never liked speakerphone anyway. The 4G is fantastic as well. The screen is gorgeous and super responsive. I bought two of these phones, one for my wife, and one for me. I would easily pay this price again for both if I had to.Seller sent this phone out super quick as well.

I was eagerly awaiting the arrival of this phone. I don't live in America and so it took me a while to get it. I was so excited when it finally arrived. However, it never stays on long enough to do much on it; and most times, when it shuts off, I have a very hard time getting it back on again. I looked for solutions online and tried them to no avail. I had a phone tech look at it for me, no luck. This is NOT what I expected. I would advise anyone who is considering this phone to try something else.

phone restarts on its own, battery life is ok could be better but i do run my wifi and bluetooth all the time.....for the price its GREAT

1.this phone is a great phone (HD display is excellent[QHD that is] ,speed is outstanding),otherwise its has similar behavior as others of its kind trips (goes wack) ,apps. freeze etc.2.I rated this particular sensation a 3star due to the fact that the seller of this phone didn't state that it has an Arabic interface and software may need to be rewritten for users in different regions  of the world. I'LL KEEP THIS SELLER AND THE OTHER NAMES THEY SELL UNDER ON MY BLACK LIST NOT-TO-PURCHASE-FROM;because I couldn't have full use of this $500 p.o.s3. HTC stated that "'officially' the software cannot be changed from what it is,because this sensation was released in the united Arab emirates",therefore one will have to do it on their own(my understanding) .4.does gorilla glass have an expiry date ,because this phone's 'protection' is (my own got a scratch that I can feel with my nail unknowingly) expired . do some research on gorilla glass; so its either it doesn't have gorilla glass or it expired,LOL.

I have had the phone for a few weeks now and it's awesome.  The screen is beautiful and the perfect size. It is very responsive to touch. The raised glass at the edges is a nice touch as well.I have only had physical keyboards before this phone and I was a little worried about the on screen keyboard.  I have had no problems with it at all.I use the internet all the time and have not had it crash once, not once! there are a few reviews on here that complain about it may be user error or some other apps they have downloaded interfering with the browser.The camera is great for a mobile phone. It's pretty good in low light and focuses instantly. I wish it was around 5 MP though, I don't need cell phone pics that take up a large amount of space. NO cell phone is going to replace a regular camera in the near future. the sensor size is just too small. The same goes for video. It's great to have for fun and if you forget a regular camera but I wouldn't rely on any cell phone to replace a camera for these purposes.This is the fastest phone I have seen. Everything is near instant.As with any smartphone the battery life is not the best, it depends on what you are doing... i.e. angry birds and gps.  The only negative would be the speakerphone. I have a hard time hearing it a lot of the time.I highly recomend this phone to anyone!

The Short and Sweet Skinny:Pros:Super fast at everythingNo single core device can even remotely compete (no Evo 4g, no Galaxy S, no iphone4, nothing)Absolutely gorgeous screen and glassGreat battery lifeNO problems with RAM (NONE)Light but not toy-likeFits in pockets just fineOptimized for HD viewingTakes HD vidoes amazinglyTakes Wonderful photosHTC Sense 3.0 is pretty good (but resource heavy)Benchmark monsterCons:Fit and finish isn't as good as I thought it was gonna beSpeaker is on the softer sideSense lauch bar has aliasing (booo!)Read more!I am coming from a T-Mobile G2 at 1.9ghz and I thought that phone was amazing and couldn't be topped in speed. I am running Cyanogen Mod nightlies and that G2 FLYS.  I got the Sensation simply because I can and the first thing that I noticed was how completely smooth and fast EVERYTHING is.  It is definitely a benchmark beast in it's stock form, as it gets 130's in linpack.  Quadrant isn't set up for multithread so the sensation only scores 2300s. That is still pretty good for benchmarking one cpu core in perhaps the most hostile environment for android: HTC Sense.The phone takes amazing videos however, the sound recording capability is subpar. I still give this phone 5 stars as NO PHONE is good for that. NONE. (WHY???) Unlike the G2, the external hardware is not amazing but average with the exception of the beveled gorilla glassed screen. It is fantastic and LARGE. The beveled glass is just so classy.  The front camera works but looks like poo but they all are. OH! For some reason, the Sense launch bar at the bottom has a lot of aliasing on it. Tsk tsk, HTC.  Why did you simply upscale the existing package instead of optimizing it for the 16:9  4.3" screen?I have had side by side comparisons to the following devices all of which belong to my friends and my G2.HTC Evo 4G (stock)HTC Evo 4G @ 1.2ghz(Cyanogen latest nightly)HTC G2 @ 1.9ghz (Cyanogen latest nightly)Samsung Epic 4G (stock)Motorola Droid X (stock-ish)Nook Color @ 1.2ghz (Cyanogen latest nightly)Galaxy Tab Wifi (stock)Acer Iconia A500 (stock)iphone 4 (stock)With the exception of the Acer Iconia, which is also a dual core device, the Sensation smashes everything else in opening and closing apps, download speeds (I get 15-22mbs download speeds on  Tmo's "4G" network here), menu movement and navigation, browsing, screen look and feel, responsiveness and battery life.When this phone's bootloader is cracked and the Cyanogen team works their magic, I anticipate a 1.8-2.0ghz dual core Ultimate Monster.  So many people are like "it's not about specs anymore". Um...yes it is and it will ALWAYS be about specs. It's been that way since specs were created. Those who disagree are always on the losing side of them.  The "it's not about specs" argument is nothing new. It goes back hundreds if not thousand of years. Sorry, Evos and iphone4s and Droid X's and such are great devices but they are OLD and SLOW and simply cannot compete with all these new dual core devices coming out.This phone completely boots in 8 seconds. Angry birds opens up in 2-3 seconds. Pictures snap quickly are are beautiful. The speaker is a little soft but I kind of like that now.  I am so completely turned off by annoyingly loud ringtones.Is this phone perfect? no. is it better than pretty much everything else out there? In my opinion, hell yes and this is only the beginning.  As development continues, I anticipate great things :)I have had absolutely no problems with this phone whatsoeverI have had only a good experienceEven though I feel that the G2 has a much better "feel" in my hand with it's amazing Sony super LCD screen, hefty construction and hardware keyboard,  the Sensation is just that: Sensational.  They picked a good name. They really did and I love it.

So i decided to finally upgrade from my flawless Nexus 1 for no apparent reason. Decided to go for Sensation 4g over the G2x. Review below mainly uses Nexus 1 for comparison.Pluses:1. Nice screen. Works well in daylight2. Performance is good...though not miles by how nexus performed.3. Large screen makes watching videos and surfing web much better as compared to nexus one4. Wifi Calling from tmo and 4g speed (certainly faster than 3g)5. Sleek looking (so is Nex 1)Definite minuses:1. Still picture quality is NOT good compared to nexus 1. I am hating this! maybe i have to check some settings. Out of the box it is not looking good.2. The screen is huge! might take some getting used to..doesn't easily fit in the palm like nexus 1 used to. So you have to be extra careful not to drop it accidentally.3. Speaker isn't as great but can live with it. Nex1 was definitely strongerOverall not awed by the phone but do not regret buying it (will regret having to pay full price for it though. Its expensive!)

I brought 2 HTC Sensations for my husband and myself. Both phones kept turning of and on by themselves, mine woukd turn off for 15 min at a time before I can get it back on. They both  kept freezing up. The volume was not loud enough as they should have been. I could not hear the phone ring even on the highest setting. I can honestly say the sender was great with refunding. I received a refund in about 3 days.

My boyfriend loved it, it looks like a new phone. I was not disapointed and I got it on time

Bought this new phone but after 1 week it start giving issues, during call whole phone heat up and it start having problem with home button when i click home button it took screen shot, even after reset it did not work, i called HTC they did not help at all , and said they can repair this phone and will charge 192$. i said i am not stupid as i buought this phone for 162$, i trash this phone because this phone have no solution

HTC Sensation is just awesome phone among the android OS based phones...Bought it from Devices now and received in good condition... It is Tmobile unlocked phone..Got a 8 GB microSD card and Car Charger free..  Excellent graphics, HTC Sense, and android market is best we can get...but the 1500 mAh battery does not last for more than 1 day... My suggestion is to purchase 1900 mAh battery from Anker...Thanks

This is absolutely excellent cellphone. Good seller, fast shipping, unlocked, and excellent condition just as seller described for me. The only thing not so good for me is this phone's original brand is T-mobile. So it cannot be used for AT&T 3G network, it's only can be used with AT&T 2G network. I don't know other carriers, I'm using the AT&T service. So if you really care about the 3G network of AT&T, then you need consider it. Except that, this is a wonderful cellphone.

I bought this phone by expecting a lot and I must say that none of my expectations was unsatisfied. The only problem I encountered is that sometimes it can lose reception while the other phones have full reception. Other than that it is a pretty good phone.

i didnt have any problems with it and its been running smooth since i got it. i would recommend it to anyone looking for a solid phone that doesnt have to be the beest

I am so unhappy with my HTC Sensation. It takes forever to open the message board, forever to start the camera. Keeps on jamming, freezing, all after less than a week of owning it.I just don't recommend this phone to anyone.

First thing I noticed when I opened the UPS box was that it came in a Tmobile Box. It is not the unbranded Z710E version Advertised. It has Tmobile software. I'm not sure if they opened the box to unlock the device, or if it was used, but when I got it, the seal was broken, and the box has obviously been opened. There wasn't even a plastic screen thing to peel off. It is not the Z710E version. This is a great phone but I am highly unsatisfied that it has Tmobile crap on it and the tmobile logo. I do not want to see tmobile each time i turned the phone on.I recommend to NOT buy from World Wide Distributers.

This phone no longer powers up after about 4 weeks of use. I sent it back to HTC repair center...its almost 1 month and not even a single feedback. I did an online search and saw that its a common problem with HTC sensation.

There's a lot to love - fast multi-tasking, large screen, 7 home screens and the overall feel, but I've run into a few disappointments as well.To be fair, most folks will only use this device for social networking, web browsing and casual photos. You will find some hiccups & occasional bugs. For those of you power users who actually make videos, download movies, run lots of apps at once and use the power that it has to multi-task, you will see Sensation shine. It's almost better at high speeds.DUAL-CORE MULTI-TASKING: Impressive. You can leave the browser open in the midst of playing a video, open Angry Birds, open music player, video player, Google Earth & pan about - all at once, then hop between these power-hungry apps with barely a hiccup. Hardcore multi-tasking will neither tax nor crash this device. Very impressive. The dual core doesn't make the unit faster than a 1.2ghz single core. It simply allows it to maintain 1.2 ghz speeds on more than one task. Impressive, but don't expect magic.As for speed, HTC's heavy Sense 3.0 user interface makes the phone less snappy than other dual core units. Not so much of a lag, just less snappy. Sense takes up 3 of the 4gbs of onboard memory. I run into more hiccups during everyday use, than when I'm doing heavy multi-tasking. However, Sense 3.0 is so glam, it makes *every* other phone look dated.For the record, you can't close an app w/in the app. You must open up still another app (task manager) to close them. A bit of an annoyance, but seeing as Sensation can handle quite a few, it's no big deal... unless you're shooting in 1080p. More on that below.CAMERA: Mixed bag. Camera is good. Video recording is quite good & realistic in 720p. If you're shooting yourself, however, the video camera is actually pretty bad. It takes a bit of luck & know-how to press the on-screen record button & have the camera focus on where you will stand. It's almost worthless for recording yourself for YouTube. What's more, Sensation can barely handle 1080p. You'll surely have to close every other app to shoot in 1080p & reboot if you wish to watch it right after. Sensation is more at home w/ 720p HD.The "stereo" recording is a joke. Of my five smartphones, this phone is the worst at recording sound. It plays back in quiet staccato - HD look, LD sound. I still use my non-HD phone for recording videos of myself. It's like buying a Benz but having to tow an old Honda behind for reliability and the basics. Buying an HD device & still having to use a basic one just for decent sound? Really?As for video editing, you can only trim. You can't merge or overlay music/text like my 'dated' Symbian can. You'd think a high-end, 1080p recorder w/ 'stereo' sound would come w/ decent editing software. I feel ripped off. Android doesn't offer any decent video editor apps either because Androids have issues of fragmentation. If you'd like an Android phone that trims, merges & overlays text, the Samsung Galaxy S2 does. No Android video editor is as robust as iPhone or even Symbian, though.CONNECTIVITY: I haven't had a problem with 'death grip'. The Sensation manages to hold its WiFi connection no matter how I hold it. However, I cannot program the browser to open w/ WiFi. On my 'dated' Symbian, I hold '0', the browser opens, WiFi connects, page loads - one step. This is the kind of engineering I'd expect from a high-end device.The phone cannot be programmed to automatically accept bluetooth files from my computer. If I bluetooth photos to Sensation from the next room, I must stop what I'm doing, go to the phone, scroll down & click to allow each file to transfer. My 4-year old Symbian can be programmed to automatically accept files w/o interruption. This 'super phone' requires more steps.I live in one of T-Mobile's 4G regions. The connection is strong and fast, even when downstairs. A pleasure.Sensation used to allow me to upload directly to YouTube, then it changed its mind. I Googled the issue, and it's a fairly common Android problem. This, along w/ poor sound recording, no video editing & problems trying to push on-screen record whilst having the camera focus on me, makes for a very disappointing experience for anyone making YouTube videos, or simply self-vids.CALENDAR: A bit convoluted & requires a lot of steps, but offers many options. Synching with other calendars can be tricky because their alarms don't always register.SYNCH: Think twice before synching with your Gmail account. Android will add, not just your personal contacts, but *every*... single... person you've *ever* emailed, along with their photos, MSN, Facebook, Twitter & personal info. One, big, convoluted mess of folks I've emailed once years ago, old appointments, duplicate contacts. Android will have Google invading every corner of your life & being. Can be a curse or a blessing. I suggest cleaning up your Gmail account before synch.WEB BROWSER: The browser is great, but it crashes on me more than I'd like. I am a heavy user, mind you. I recommend downloading Dolphin Browser HD. It's free, is better with tabs, and bookmarks are one slide away. It has never crashed on me and, **unlike most Android programs, it offers the option of 'minimizing' *or* completely exiting it *and* clearing the cache at once.**SPEAKER: Simply too quiet for phone calls and music, even w/ all settings turned up. Big minus for me. 'Angry Birds' plays very loudly, though.GLITCHES & BUGS - Quite a few: Sensation randomly assigns my personal photos as album art on most of my music. I don't know why it chooses these particular photos. Sometimes it downloads random artists like Nat King Cole as art for Moloko. I don't even have Nat King Cole. There are a few YouTube vids about this, so it wasn't just mine.At one point, my lock screen was only half of the screen. Another time, Sensation rebooted and came back to life w/o the icons for apps installed on my memory card. The apps are still there, but the icons were replaced w/ the Android bot. Nothing too serious, but surely a bit moody. It performs much more smoothly when you're working it. It seems to prefer working in dual-core mode, so take it to task, use what it has, treat it like a Porsche.ERGONOMICS: It looks & feels expensive - muted, matte, mocha-grey look, that shiny ear piece grill and a screen so large & user interface so slick that iPhone-users always remark. The curved back and narrower screen, make for a good fit for such a large phone. The glass curves slightly upwards to protect the screen when laid down. I love attention to detail.The earphones are made for Dumbo, however, - pretty large & uncomfortable. The charging cord is short & stiff so it limits range of motion. I use an extension cord.iPHONE USERS: Unlike the iPhone, Android phones are extremely customizable. They aren't simply app trays. So, they require a bit more set-up which can be frustrating for those who are used to out-of-the-box fun. The reward is a customized experience with widgets, multiple homescreens & more. Getting every program & setting to correspond and synch isn't always so fun, however. To this end, Android may initially frustrate iPhone users who are used to nothing but squares on their screens. If they don't mind a little set-up & confusion in the beginning, they'll be rewarded with a much more personalized, high-tech & customizable device than the iPhone. Sometimes the glitches & bumps are a bit frustrating for a first-time user.iPhone is like a Lexus - smooth, slick, quiet, efficient. You can't choose gears; you can't hear or feel the engine shift. A fairly dependable, bland & seamless experience. You get in and enjoy a nice prefabricated ride. iPhone is sort of the tract home of high-end devices. It's an app tray & the operating system is an app launcher.Androids are like BMWs. You choose your own gears, you feel & hear the engine rev and shift. You feel more bumps in the road. You get in and manipulate the machine. If you can't drive a stick, you might be a bit frustrated whilst learning.Neither is better. There is a market for Bimmers & Lexuses. Though, iPhones do feel rather basic & low-tech when compared to high-end Android devices, but the iPhone is *much* more consistent, far less buggy. Androids can be like PCs - freezing, lagging, rebooting, etc. Comparing the two is like comparing a sedan w/an SUV. The SUV won't ever be as smooth as the sedan, because it does so much more. Conversely, the sedan can't do a fraction of what the SUV can do, but it's buttery smooth.CONCLUSION: In two week's time, this $600, dual core, HD Android "super phone" has proven to be gorgeous, impressive, great for web browsing, apps, 720p recording/viewing and all with wonderfully customizable home screens. When it comes to multi-tasking, customization & tricked-out interfaces, Sensation basically KICKS BUTT! It purrs right along. ...It has also proven to have questionable recording qualities, be sporadically glitchy & inconsistent at times. Sure, iPhone 4 users are walking around w/stickers on their phones so they won't drop calls, but there are far more glitches w/ this device than with an iPhone.This is no finely-tuned V6. It's a somewhat temperamental V12 with a large screen, fly user interface, bling factor, HD, Android apps, 7 home screens & a thirst for tasking. ...but, yes, I still wish it was a little less moody with the basics & I wish the sound recording was on par with the visual.UPDATE: Ultimately, I returned Sensation for Samsung's Galaxy S2. It's far less buggy, can handle 1080p and records better sound.

The cell phone have some scratches on the cover and on the screen, the OS works well, good for the price.

This phone is the worst thing I have ever seen in my entire life,from the time I got this phone, 60% of the keys don't work so it is basically useless to me. I can't use it after spending that much money.

After I purchased a refurbished HTC Sensation that was dead on arrival, so I return and I purchased new HTC Sensation from Ross Cellular less than 2 months ago. It turned off intermittently and I assumed the battery was low. Until today, the display is not working. This must be a defect unit from HTC and yet I cannot return.

OK, this review might be an "exaggeration" to everyone's mind, but that's because my standard were so low, its impossible (i just upgraded from a Motorola milestone) so far this phone has been nothing but helpful to me. The battery lasts a whole day, 4G works wonderfully, the 1.2GHz processor doesn't have 1 second of lag, the screen is much better than the iPhone 4's retina display in my opinion *don't hate me all you apple fan-boys* its got the best camera I've seen on a cellphone, and its quite comparable to my CANON EOS REBEL XS. It may not be better than a full on DSLR, but its almost that good. I also like how it feels in my hands, its very light too and surprisingly not thick at all in my pocket. The fact its got HTC Sense 3.0 UI, makes the phone so much more fun to look at, and i can barely turn it off. When i show off my phone everyone says "Ah, i wish i had that phone" even all the iPhone users, and other android users.Now this is the part that everyone will go frown at, the speaker is pretty pathetic AT THE BEGINNING, you just need to burn in the speakers (i learned this through jlabs), it actually helps very much if you play songs or high to low frequencies for an hour a day at medium volume, and it gets better over a week. Another thing is the DEATH GRIP, this sounds terrifying, but the fact is, when you put a case on it (barely $2) it gets you at least 1 more bar. The death grip is eventually non existent when you get to a spot with full 4 bars, it will always stay 4 bars unless you try to lose a bar. Another thing is the battery - it lasts about a day, which for some is bad  but for me, i like the fact it lasts a whole day (7am-11pm) *my milestone barely lasted 3 hours* but that problem can be solved by buying an extended battery (1900MHz cost about $10 which is amazing compared to my milestone's extended battery -$60, which was also a bigger battery, the 1900MHz is the same size as the original, and according to reviews it adds a whole extra 6 hours, which i doubt it does)pros:android 2.3.31.2ghz DUAL COREgiant screenlag? no such thingawesome camera 1080p at 30fps and 8mp camera comparable to dslrgood 4g speeds, barely drops to 2glove the sense UIvery thin and barely weighs anythingGORILLA GLASS FTW.not an apple product :plooks very good quality-stupid a few times without a scratchcons: has a death grip in 1 tiny spot THIS DOESN'T KILL THE WHOLE CONNECTION. It only lowers it 2 to 3 bars, barely ever hold it like that, but its knownbattery life is pretty bad, but it lasts a whole day, so i am good with it*problem with tmobile not the phone* - 4g didn't work for a whole day and had to call customer support to fix itmy only concern was the price, its quite expensive, but you know how they say "you get what you pay for", in this case, its the best of the best for a usual price.Update 1.24.12After 4 months of use, the phone does wear down quite a bit, the connections are spottier, and there's a little more lag than before.the battery still lasts a whole day, my only concern at the moment Is Tmobile.not the phone, the 4g plan seems like a scam.they say it's unlimited4g, but slowed after a limit? I couldn't even call the"slowed 4g" up to the speed of g, never mind edge or 3g.if you can get a phone on a different service,I would recommend that.in my opinion, the galaxy s2 hits every spot HTC missed, except sense ui and design.If you're a hacker, and want to root your phone, beware if you root your phone, it's very difficult to undo without deleting all your data on your phone (which is required anyways).also the update that supposedly fixes touch screen problems, and security didn't work unless your phone is unrooted.

This Phone is pretty awesome..it is a real smart phone.The only thing that is not that great about it is the battery life...it doesn't last for more than 12 hours with moderate usage.

The product does not arrive on time, and it was locked in the description that said it was unlocked.For the rest everything was fine

This phone was not what I expected. Less than 24 hrs the phone stopped working, does not charge, and the flash on the camera did not work. I would not recommend to this phone to anyone.

I got this phone about 1-2 years ago, it was the T-mobile version. The only bad thing about it was that it was the Tmobile version. Preloaded bloatware and all that stuff. Besides that though, this phone has been phenomenal. Huge screen, even now, qHD screen, 8 MP camera, the battery will last me about a day with a decent amount of use and its still kicking almost the same amount of power even after the 1-2 years, and best of all, its still, even today, very slim. Almost disappears in your pocket.Its a great phone and its still running great. I have no plan of upgrading to any other (recent) phone for some time.

HAD TROUBLES WITH OTHER ONE BUT GOT REPLACED EASILY!GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE and the phone is very greay it self it has fast everything great upgrade from iphone 3g

This is without a doubt, the best smartphone I have ever owned. Its fast, sexy, and amazing. The screen is drop dead gorgeous, all colors are bright and crisp. And it's a HUGE screen. It's fast and responsive, runs any and all apps quick as lightening. the camera is AMAZING, especially for a phone. You'll find yourself falling in total love with this phone, as I have. The only downside to it so far is that it gets a little warm if you're playing a game, but I understand that's probably because it's so powerful. Get yourself an early xmas gift and order this phone, and make sure to get a nice protective case too!!

If you are buying this with the intent to play the most recent popular games, forget it.  As of now 12JUL2011, it won't play any games from Gameloft or any of the new games with cool graphics.  One of the reasons I bought this (my first smartphone) was so that I could kill time playing cool games.  And none of them work.Here is what one of the software developers has to say, "The long-awaited Samurai II: Vengeance has arrived on all Android devices! HTC EVO 3D and Sensation are excluded ! Game is not running properly on them and its not bug in the game. Sorry about it."Until they fix this, stay away

I chose this product porque appears in good condition and was cheap. I do not recommend this product to anyone this product is of poor quality

the seller is very good  but the phone i have used for 4 months  now I'm not a greet is good  this why i write comment is late  if you use the phone log in you Gmail on this phone  you can't log out  very bad  do not use any another  htc phone

This phone has a very solid and durable feel and has nice display and menus. This works great with a pay- as-you-go T-mobile plan.

Excellent product, now very affordable and a very fast phone with a lot of cool features, one draw back is the phone signal i dont get full bars but havent had a drop call yet. Only been using it for 1 week and haven't seen a bad thing yet

The seller mailed me the product in time, and it's in very good condition.The battery is a little bit shorter when I use it for internet, but my friends told me that it needs a lot of elelticity when using it for internet.Thanks.

I love my old htc sensation. I drop that one and the screen got broken. I decided to buy the same one because it was so inexpensive!  Well, the camera works but I can't make videos... so that is why it was so inexpensive?

I've had the Sensation for almost a week now.  The large, sharp, bright screen still blows me away.  Everything seems to work well.  This is my first phone that can use wifi, and I'm addicted!  Wifi calling is super clear, and internet / email / etc. load as fast as they do on my PC's.Image quality from the camera is good, both indoors and out.  It's a definite improvement on my old 8MP camera phone in every way.  I'm thrilled with this phone.

This company really made my day in regards to professionalism and customer service. Keep up the good work and I will highly recommend you purchase this fantastic device.......

This is not a $600 phone...and I don't need one that cost that much either.I had a cell just like this...but it got wet! Ugh...  Anyway, very happy with this phone and smooth transaction with seller.

Got it a bit more than a month ago. Like the way it looks and its functionality. Easy to customize and intuitive menu.

This is a great phone! I really enjoy it's functionality and the extra features it has compared to the iPhone. Now I really like the phone but the seller I got it from didn't give an accurate description of what I was getting. He said it was going to be shipped in original packaging. It wasn't. And I didn't receive all the pieces. Then there was a not inside the packaging that said: "Give me 5 stars. Everything is in perfect shape so give me the 5 stars I deserve." I thought that was rather ridiculous. Other than that, love it.

I got this beautiful phone yesterday. It really looked good with no issues until now had no scratches or signs of wear. Delivered on promised date. It was great value for money and the HTC sensation as such is a great android phone. A big thanks to the seller - hsnikon and to amazon for replacing my wife's broken phone with this new one at a great price !!

This phone worked about the first 2 months of which I got it then it went downhill from there. The volume bar on the side fell off and cant be put back in. And I dont kniw how it fell out because I had never dropped it. Also my phone stopped vibrating. If I put it on vibrate and I get a call, I wont even know until I look at my phone. And another thing. It crashes a lot. I will be running an app or maybe texting and it will just randomly crash. Then I have to reboot the phone. Then after it reboots it makes the app icons disappear and replaces them with an android robot. Another bad thing about the HTC Sensation is that a lot of times my keypad doesnt work. When I get a text and pull out my phone to reply the keypad doesnt work. I will tap on the letters but nothing actually gets typed. And this has been ever since I got it but it has a really crappy speaker. My friend's Gravity T phone's speakers was way louder. Also I don't understand why so many people say that the battery life is good! If I play Temple Run for five minutes then the battery drains at least 10%. And half of the time when I quit out of an app my phone randomly restarts itself. If you are looking for a really good smartphone that will last you a long time then I suggest you just get an Iphone. I would rather have AN Iphone 3 than the Sensation. And if you aren't a huge fan of Apple the you should just get the Galaxy S 2 or 3.

It said &#34;like new&#34; but it actually looked brand new. Never used, and it works perfectly fine. The battery lasts me much longer than any other cell phone has. The picture quality is not the best, even though it's 8 megapixels, it takes a second or two to actually capture it, and the volume isn't as loud. But overall a good phone.

I BOGHT TWO.. AND ONE OF THEM DOESNT WORK... I USED FOR OWN WEEK AFTER ...ITS OFF ALONE, DONT BUY THIS PHONE OTHER STUFF THIS PHONE DOESNT HAVE WARRANTLY..

Quick delivery.  Phone wasn't exactly what I expected but good for the money.  Like New condition with free.gel case was pretty cool.

This HTC is an excellent phone, the price worth it, easy to handle, very fast, great camera  incredible HD video, highly recommended, u can find android applications  anywhere, does not have anything to envy to an Iphone 4

So I got this product on Oct 25th and it seems to work fine. I jacked itup with an Ankner battery and a PowerSkin and it gives me reliable performance. But there were two issues with the product. This is a refurbished product so the monor scratches were acceptabe to me.. However:1) The charger which was provided  with the product was rated at 400ma caused the screen to malfunction. Thankfully i realized soon what was going on and damage was not done.. really?? I mean you put a refurb product out there and the charger is on steroids? Cant you just check the specs on the phone and give the right one?. Thankfully i had a charger from my old phone that was compatible which DID NOT want to fry my phone.2) The buttons on volume rocker were missing... Whaaat? Really i mean this is a weird thing. I have bought used products before but never a refurb. Is this just the nature of the refurbished things?  If yes then what is the difference between a refurb and a used product? Cause I am ok if this was a used product.

The battery is weak. I got used to another old fashioned phone by Nokia which was really good at this matter.

While everyone awes, ogles and boos the phone over and over again on the same things.I will cut straight to the point. She is one tough nut to crack. I have tried twice to bring her walls down and twice I have failed. This lady is sophisticated and extremely hard to pry open her security settings. So if you are attempting to root your phone this isn't the phone for you. However she does perform her intended job extremely well. Although she does overheat and shuts off randomly when you work her too hard as if to protest your intensive uses.

This phone is awesome! It has a 4.3 inch screen, which is gorgeous for watching video/TED talks/etc on, but it's definitely not bulky. In fact, it's even thinner than the iPhone 3G that I owned previous to this, even though it has a larger screen. It has an aluminum frame, so the phone definitely doesn't feel cheap, like all plastic devices.Battery life is pretty solid, depending on what you're doing. For some reason, taking pictures and filming video really drains the battery, but for stuff like just browsing the web, battery life is great.The screen is really great, qHD resolution. Like I mentioned earlier, great for watching video. The 16:9 display ratio means you can watch widescreen movies without pesky black bars taking up space. The screen is bright enough that you can use it in direct sunlight. The viewing angles on it are kind of so-so, but that only really matters if you are trying to share your phone with someone (and why would you want to share this beauty.)Call quality is nice and crisp, very loud and clear. Definitely easier to hear calls on than my cousin's iPhone.The 4G speeds are blazing fast. Web pages definitely load faster than on my previous iPhone 3G and downloading apps is a snap.The 8 megapixel camera takes great pictures, although a little blurrier than a dedicated camera. One big difference between this phone's camera and my old iPhone's camera is that this phone actually takes a picture when you want it to and not five seconds later! On some pictures that I took I had to adjust the color balance, but I imagine that you'll need to do that on any camera that's in a phone. The flash is pretty good, too, and not too bright where it looks harsh.Video recording is gorgeous in 1080p, although it uses the battery pretty quickly. I mostly use it to take video of my cats, and it does an excellent job capturing a whole range of motion: jumping, pouncing, swiping, etc. Sound quality is decent, too.Altogether, this phone is a beast, with a 4.3" screen, qHD resolution, 4G, a 1.2 GHz dual-core processor. A HUGE upgrade from my iPhone 3G and I'm definitely happy with my purchase. Now, back to playing Angry Birds (and everything else I can throw at it)!

When I came from my Nexus One to the Sensation, I was very excited after looking at the specs. But don't be fooled by the awesome specs. There are severe hardware problems with this phone that preclude me from recommending it to anyone.Ever since I got this phone, it would randomly shut off every now and then, but it wasn't toooo often, so I didn't do anything about it. It's gotten worse and worse to the point now, 9 months later, that I can barely use the phone for two minutes before it shuts off. The random shutdowns literally happen that often.Not to mention the broken volume rocker, which HTC stopped honoring the warranty for. Yes, you heard me right. Because so many people were having broken/fallen-off volume rockers, HTC decided to STOP INCLUDING IT WITHIN THE WARRANTY. That's right. Google if you don't believe me. If your volume rocker breaks, you're simply screwed.I would not recommend this phone to anyone, bottom line. Do not buy this phone!!!!!

I bought this phone recently from COSTCO fro Tmobile. The phone is excellent. the only problem is wifi/bluetooth signal fade away/drops when you hide some part of the phone on the back with your hand. I think it could be known issue and HTC is refusing to accept like what APPLE  did for iphone.I am regular customer of AMAZON for the past 8 years. AMAZON is the best. but they should avoid/refuse to carry phones with problems like this.Other than that, the phone is abosolute beast.

This phone SUCKS! Not worth it I should have purchased the Galaxy S2 or jump ship and got an iphone when I had a chance to instead of purchasing this phone. When it works I love it when it doesn't I want to throw it in the garbage. Very disappointing to say the least.

This is a very good phone. Has a middle size: not too big not too small, so it fit well in any hand (it is been used by my 13 years daughter). The phone comes with Android 2.3 but the HTC delivered the 4.0.3 Android version. The camera makes very beautiful pictures (a little yellow when using the flash in very lower light conditions).

hi I was wondering if this HTC Sensation is a Sim-Free one.... i'm planning to buy it and i'm going to live in the Middle East for a while, is this mobile work international or in the Middle East with carriers such as Orange , or Zain?

For a while, I've wanted this phone, but couldn't get it on contract, because it was discontinued. I then decided to get one secondhand and unlocked and couldn't be more satisfied. Buying one retail would've left e to unlock it myself and would've cost much more. I am very pleased.

The device has a lot of problems microphone not supposed to be a new phone. The service was fine but the problem is not solved yet.

Dreadful. I had high hopes for this phone. This was my first true android phone. It was a disappointment wrapped in a regret. The software kept being buggy. This phone has the smallest amount of RAM on a smartphone, That's what kept destroying the experience for me.

I like the features of this phone, the camera, the pixels...I like the face of it and the size...it works very well and is stylish...

Terrible phone. I've had to RMA 2 of them, 3rd one broke and I just said the hell with it.The first time was the screen developing black lines. The second was the worst, that was when the microphone would intermittently stop working. Was talking to my cousin about a very important issue and suddenly stopped working. The last problem seems to be an issue for many people. At least so said other people on the internets. Another kicker was when I went to go rent a loaner phone, because I could not call tech support. The representative that I talked to using the loaner phone, informed me that all I could do is get another malfunctioning phone (another HTC), so said fine, got the third. They also recommended that I get a backup phone. I went out and bought aT-Mobile 665 Prepaid Phone (T-Mobile), so lovely of lovelies, I had to carry that HTC & the damn that I bought at a Walgreens for 25$, so if the HTC malfunctions again I can do back surgery and yank out the sim & sd card. Which I did have to do.Third time it fell a small way and cracked. That was just after 2 am at an ER where I was just mistreated to boot. Had to walk 3 blocks sick with chills to a CVS to use the courtesy phone. Considering the circumstances when I left my apartment I did not have the backup phone. No dropping with prior phones or water damage with anyEven when it did "work" it did so badly. Quite often it would crash when dialing and return me to menu screen. That combined with microphone wonking out makes calling 911 a nightmare. 9-1-closes to menu. Yes that did happen. That is after the ring to unlock the phone finally worked. Same issue on all 3 replacements.Another big problem was the battery because it drained faster than a popped water balloon. Had to plug it in pretty much every time I put the phone down. I didn't leave apps running, or talk for hours on end either.One minor issue I had too was the weak speaker. I couldn't really hear any video or audio that was played even if it was pressed against my ear and volume maxed.Anyhow avoid this phone. It could cost you your life. If you have one, get the value from it by taking it to the firing range and put some 5.56 through the silver ring.

I have owned an HTC phone ever since the HTC 8125 came out, I had an Iphone when they came out, had the Samsung Nexus, Galaxy, infuze also had the LG optimus, even had the chocolate when it came out and no other manufacture has compared to the HTC phones I have had. The sensation is probably one the best and affordable phones out there, got mine at about $330.00 but it ranges on price depending on the seller, I got lucky and got new phone listed as used line new.The android system (ICS) make it similar to every other smartphone out there however HTC has been building them longer than any other manufacture so that is why I have always purchased an HTC phone.If you are a phone wizard then you are going to love this phone specially with XDA-Developers always having updates available for free.Rate 9/10

this is the best phone ive got ever, its fast fast fast, its look nice o so nice and the android 2.3.3 with the new sense ui makes everything else look OLD, exelent store ill buy from them again for sure.

This is a great phone, dual core processor makes it really fast, nice screen size, easy to use. Great phone for the price

This phone only lasted me for 5 months. Battery never lasted more than 3hrs. I had to carry my charger every where i go. Finally it would  just freez in the middle of a call. Im very disappointed. This is waste of money.

worst supplier everI bought this phone and in less than a month the battery compartment started to fall apart, and every time I open the phone it smells like it's burning where the sim card is located.I email supplier and no one respond or took care of this problem.I would NEVER recommend this supplier, don't buy this phone.

I was led to believe that it would work anywhere, just add a sim card....but it didn't work in Argentina. They told me it was only unlocked for Europe.

I am using this phone for 3 weeks now and am absolutely enjoying it. I was initially skeptical about the size but it fits perfectly in my pockets without being uncomfortable.I was looking at the Samsung Galaxy but found it too plastic and didnt like the build quality. It also feels bulky when compared to the Sensation. The screen navigation is also much smoother than Samsung.The phone works super fast,the GPS is very good, the screen display is quite good and lots of nice apps available to enhance the usability. The speech to text is awesome and i do most of my chat by dictating.On the con side is battery life (lasts one to one and a half days), the speaker sound is not of the quality i expected. Though i haven't faced any problem yet i feel a little more RAM would have been better in the long run.

I absolutely LOVE my phone. This is the best smart phone I've had ever. It is definitely worth the money!!!

I enjoyed this phone a lot, fast, great camera and convenient, but I just hate the battery life so much. I charged it the whole night, and I used it like only three hours. Then, no battery.

The HTC Sensation is a quality product overflowing, is very attractive and soft to the touch, is a first-generation Dual Core that does not disappoint anyone, is a well done, well done and a good price.If this penssando buy it, do it, unless you are hesitating between this and the HTC EVO 3D, then the question is whether you want 3D or not, the bad, the EVO 3D is not its thickness, not its weight, is that once you like the 3D of your screen you can not have another phone, so you better buy this.It is also important for those who like the root phone, this is one of the best for these purposes, has exelentes roms and overclocking can reach 1.7GHz without jeopardizing the phone and with a lot of stability and fluidity of last phone if you want a top quality phone, beautiful, flexible and with many options in the world root, order it right now!

This is a great, fast and incredible phone. It can be easily upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwich or Jelly Bean no matter the version on your phone. the instructions are pretty easy and found on the internet with google. Its a very fast and useful phone and so far I have found an app that doesnt work on it .. I purchased this one use and it has been great and never hiccupped even once. It works flawless on the newer versions.

Estoy muy contento con mi HTC Sensation es una maquina increible jamas pense que algun dia tendria en mi mano un cellphone android asi.Me gusta su dise&ntilde;o su color y la pantalla se siente fantastica cuando deslizas tus dedos sobre ella, me gusta todo el telefono en si y lo recomiendo 100%.No pesa casi nada y cuando lo metes en tu bolsillo, aparenta no estar en ese sitio, la verdad que el tama&ntilde;o es genial.Por los momento no me arrepiento de haberlo comprado, y espero que siga asi por mucho tiempo.
