
I'm a Silver Premier Sprint customer so I was able to order this phone on 7/28/2011 and received it the next day. The first thing I noticed was the lack of lag compared to my HTC Hero. Thanks for the dual processor on this, I can open apps with relative quickness. I'm also able to dial out, pick up calls, and hang up with no lag either. I'm in the Google Music Beta so I love the fact that I can listen to my music collection, any time, without having to use up the internal storage with is plenty at 16GB. I also like how I can plug in speakers or earbuds and can tune into FM Radio over the air and not through streaming. I'm still discover more helpful features of the phone as I continue to use it.Edit 8/1/2011: As you can tell from my review, I'm a music fan and I do use my phone to listen to music whether it's commuting to work via subway or at the gym. The default music app on this phone is quite nice as I can pull podcasts, stream music, listen to FM radio, or just listen to music files on my phone all within one app. I've had this phone for a couple of days already, but an issue I ran into today was that there was no audio on phone calls both inbound and outbound. The only fix was to power cycle the phone. I'll keep an eye to see if this problem persists.Call quality is much more clearer with this phone.Edit 8/8/2011: The light sensing on this phone works pretty well. I use Google Navigation quite a bit when I'm driving and it helps that the display auto adjusts its back light depending on how bright the sun is. It reduces glare to a more tolerable view.I have run across some problems that aren't deal breakers. I'm used to the notification on my old HTC Hero. There was a bright amber LED that shows my phone was charging and a green LED that would blink when I received a text message, voicemail, or e-mail. This is not the case with the Photon. No indicator LED for when the phone is charging and the notification LED for texts is barely noticeable.

This phone is a wonderful phone even being somewhat a year old. The phone is as durable as can be. I drop my phone on pavement frequently as well as rough it up a bit and over a year after first purchasing it, there hasn't been a single crack on the very tough screen.The phone features a double flash which makes for an excellent light in the dark however it quickly gets hot. For the casual smart phone user this phone is easy to understand and is quick as well as durable. The only issue I would say this phone has is that in recent updates Android 4.0 has not been available on this device and the sound bar button has fallen off, but the bare button without plastic cover is still easily clickable.This phone is pricey at over 300 still considering the next edition of it is already out and it is over a year old.

I will start off this review by saying I am a smartphone Junkie, every time a new one comes out, I go and buy it just to try it out, most dont make it past 3 days without getting returned. I have had Samsungs, Blackberry, HTC. My Evo 4g is what kept my dedication but something was missing so thats what I will compare this phone to since it's the only one that stands up to it with a fight. Now Im not going to post a novel of a review because I hate when people do that I want people to get straight to the point.PROS:Battery- has exceeded my expectations lasting a full day without a charge and I am constantly texting througout the day, internet browsing, and music videos. I have never had a smartphone last this long PERIOD.Performance- smooth cannot beat the fast speeds with the dual core, no lag or freezing applications pull up at lighting speedsSettings- I noticed it has more user settings then my evo, more customizableStructure- Phone seems solid so far havent dropped it but the kickstand also seems more durable then the Evo's.Call Sound- MUCH better then the evo, loud and clear, the speakerphone is also better then Evo.Call quality- I haven't had a dropped call yet (will update if soemthing changes)CONS:Display- It is griddy like everyone else has stated but its not extremely noticable unless your planning on having your face 6 inches from the phone at all times, at 10 inches or more you cannot tell the differences, this DOES not effect the colors and text both are bright and brilliant.LED notification- It doesn't light up when you charge the phone or get notifications, but "light flow" app fixed that real quick- no biggy.Camera- somethings not right about the camera, I feel as though it doesn't take pictures as defined and HQ as My Evo did and that was only a 5mp camera this one is 8mp, maybe I need to mess around with settings but the Evo wins in this category for now (will update if anything changes)Recommendations: If your going to get a screen protector like I do for all my smartphones then I would suggest going with a "clear" protector I got the anti-glare one and it makes the display look more griddy then it normally does,The anti-glare protectors are naturally a little cloudy and thicker then the clear ones so I am assuming the clear one will work better with the screen.

I've had this phone over a year now. My biggest complaint is the battery life. If you use the internet pretty frequently it only lasts about 4 hours. If you don't text, call, or web surf it'll last around 8 or 9 but at that point, why have a phone on you at all? Sometimes the phone freezes and lags. During phone calls, I often have a hard time hearing the person, the speaker sounds pretty muffled. I don't ever have dropped calls though and the service is fantastic in good weather (I've lived in south east MI, TX, and MS (sprint service). No complaints there. I've also never had any problems with not receiving texts.

I ordered this phone, it came in perfect condition. However, I am constantly getting add pop-ups that slow my phone down and drain my battery! I have no idea how to get these off!.

Basically, this phone is a great piece of hardware... which does not work.Right now, the phone has major bugs:1) The home screen and basic applications (texting, the phone) crash on a regular basis2) The lock screen often becomes non-responsive3) When the phone syncs with a email account and especially a facebook account, it is essentially unusable until it is done syncing, sometimes 10 minutes or so4) If you make a phone call, you may or may not be able to hear any audio on the next phone call you make. If the audio stops working, you have to restart your phone5) The phone hangs on restart frequently, ironically usually at the Sprint splash screen which says "Now". It has taken me up to 2-3 hours of restarting or the phone restarting itself to get back to a point that the phone works.Look around at other reviews and you will see everyone loves this phone because it is a great piece of hardware, which it is. And when it works, it is great. It just works the way it should less than 50% of the time.Hopefully Googorola quickly fixes the issues, but for now, avoid or put off buying this phone, I have had to switch back to using my old one for now.

Well, let me start by saying that I am a longtime Sprint Customer.  My first smartphone was the original Samsung that ran Palm software.  I moved to a Treo 650, a Treo 700, a Treo 800 and every other smartphone in between.As we move forward, most of the phones out there copy each other in features and speed.  So, when the Photon came out, I jumped on it due to the fact that it was Android and it was a World Capable phone.  I was one of the many who had the silent call issue, losing calls all the time.  I returned the phone three times, looking for one that worked.In the meanwhile, the highly coveted Epic 4G Touch came out.  I swapped my Photon to it, and immediately loved the speed and more importantly the screen and the lightness of the phone.What did I NOT love?  I didn't love the fact that the E4GT didn't get signal in places where my Photon easily received calls and data.So, I gave up the ET4G and went back to the Photon.  Great, Great reception.  All the features of Android in a fairly speedy package.  Not as fast at the Epic 4G Touch, but not really noticeable for most people.There are a few Negatives.. The Pentile Matrix screen is not nearly as pretty as the Galaxy S II screen.  Watching movies really exacerbates this.  However, the screen works great for games, email and pictures.The Camera doesn't win any awards either.  I find it much slower than the one on the Epic 4G Touch, but when used still takes good pictures and good video.  If I were choosing the phone based on media capabilities, I would have chosen the Samsung.In the end, though, I need my phone to communicate and the Photon does it better than ANY phone I have used in the past four years.  Calls, email, text.  Everything comes in timely and clear.Motorola has already issued THREE updates.  Compare that to Samsung's lack of support on the Epic and the Epic 4G Touch (loss of signal anyone)??Finally, my other positive...  The Photon 4G has three great accessories, an HD Dock to connect to your TV (use as a computer).  The Lapdock 100, which allows you to use the phone as a laptop.  My favorite is the Cardock.When you connect the phone to the cardock the interface changes to a better MOBILE NAVIGATION experience.  Buttons are bigger and options are easily accessible.  You can control your music through the AUX input in your car, if you have one, and it charges the phone.Overall, I haven't had as good of an experience with any phone until this one.  I did sacrifice nicer videos, and a better camera to get a better overall phone experience.I didn't mention that the phone is a world phone and allows me to make calls when overseas, either using the provided Sprint SIM or a local one.Kudos Motorola!

As it is now, this phone is really bad. At least the one I got.  It freezes in the worst times and it takes forever to reboot....at least 30 minutes.  Not reliable at all. I bought the craddle that hooks it up to the tv and you cant even connect them.  I exchanged the cradle and still had the same problem with the replacement and even heard from the seller that its a common thing.  Does motorola even test these things out before theyre released.  The worst part is that when I tried returning the phone, they said I couldnt because its a "known issue" and so now I have to wait for the update that should fix the known 4 problems.

Bought this phone a few weeks ago, and I can say that it's a great device thus far.  Love the kickstand/auto clock feature, too.  Picking up 4G service from Sprint is sketchy at times, but I don't believe it's a phone issue.  Regardless, this thing moves in 3G...way faster than my old Pre.  If this phone is within your budget, don't hesitate!

Bought this in February as upgrade from Sprint. After coming off a Samsung Moment which had terrible battery life I went for this mainly because it had the best battery life of any of their phones. Good screen size and resolution were a plus as well. The camera is amazingly sharp. My only complaint is I am not able to utilize the voice dial feature very well. Whether I am going through my bluetooth or speading directly to the phone it can't seem to understand hardly anything unless I tell it the actual number to call. I thought it might be my own deep voice to be part of the problem, but today at the local Sprint store two others tried it and were left baffled. They did tell me it could possibly be a software glitch so I plan to have that investigated soon. Other than that, the phone is fantastic

1st reboot started after my 2nd day, returned for new one.next phone had same issues. called motorola and they confirmed it was a hardware issue, we sending me a shipment box to send back.  not worth my timereturned and got galaxy S II (epic touch 4G)

I was looking for Photon Q and find this product under market of "Photon Q" with photo with keyboard.  I'm not sure if I got something wrong or if I made something wrong.  Anyway I'm very disappointed on my "shopping result". This phone works ok, only problem is I won't use.

Let me start out by saying that I have had dozens of cell phones going back to the early 90s, and I have had dozens of computers going back to the days before Windows. This is not only the best cell phone I have ever had, but one of the best computers.First of all, as a cell phone, this is fantastic. The call quality, and cell reception is much better than that of the competitors. This was the deciding factor for me between this phone and the Samsung Galaxy S2 (Epic 4g Touch). When it comes down to it, having a nice screen and lots of little niceties means nothing if you can't get reception. This phone gets me reception in places I could never connect in with my HTC Hero, my wife's Evo4G, my friend's iPhones, etc. That is both voice, and data reception. The 4G speeds on my phone actually beat my home PC with AT&T; Ultra DSL. And when it comes to call quality, this is the only phone I have ever had that I can use in my car, driving on the freeway with the windows down.Now, as a computer (which this is) it is also fantastic. It is exceptionally quick and responsive, and does a fantastic job of multitasking (much better than older Android phones... in fact, much better than I thought possible after owning an older Android phone for the last couple of years). I can be on a call, put it on speakerphone, pull up the web browser, jump over to my calendar and make an entry, go to Facebook and see a pic.... all at the same time with no delay from screen to screen. Resizing web pages is instant. This should not be surprising as this phone has better tech stats than most entry-mid level laptops sold just a couple of years ago.For those of you that think they might like this phone but insist  on a physical keyboard because you hate touchscreens (I was one of those for years) this device comes with a nice little app called Swype that you HAVE to try. It lets you swipe your finger across the screen instead of peck-typing, and makes it MUCH easier to use a touchscreen. I didn't think it would make as much of a difference as it has, but kept reading these fantastic reviews for it. I ran the tutorial (takes about 7-10 minutes) and played with it for like 20 minutes and fell in love with it. I can type more accurately, and about 5 times faster than pecking the screen.

This phone is a piece of junk. My wife and I both got new photons with 4G and have had problems with them ever since. The 4G constantly disconnects and you have to reconnect it manually. It also gets stuck in this cycle where it just keeps restarting until you pull the battery. Also freezes about once a day and you have to do a hard reset. Read online that these problems are widespread and not limited to the 2 phones we got. Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this phone.

I was very impressed as this was my first purchases on amazon. I recived the phone in less than a week, when i opend the package i was surpized to see that the phone was actualy in the condition that the discription said it was and for a used phone i got to say it works alot better than my old HTC evo 3D.

I was very unhappy with my old Pantech. It didn't do much of anything and it was slow and boring.  Myhusband had just upgraded his old Palm Pre to the new Motorola Proton 4G Android phone and he is happy all of the time.  I thought it was time for meto take the plunge and left my previous carrier tojoin him on Sprint and now I too have the new andexciting Photon!  It is so fast it's unreal.  I canget things done easily and quickly I just wish that it came with a better "instructional booklet".  Notbeing very good with all of the new tech items thebook that comes with the phone is of little help.I found that if I just played with it I could find a number of great things!  This is exactly how I've been finding out all of the things that my Photon can do!  I love finding new things all of the time, just going into and out of different things makes it a lot of fun as well.The camera is AWESOME!  I have a friend who is a very good photographer and he said the camera wasincredibly good!  It was clear and the color wasexcellent.  I must say that this was one of thebest things I've done in the past few years with this new phone.  I know that in two years I'll beready to update again as things change so quickly.Thank you again, what a great product!

Asurion is a scam company that charges $100 deductibles and only gives refurbished phones in return.I suspect this phone I received on Amazon was someone's old phone that was &#34;fixed&#34; by Asurion.It was cheap, but was it worth it? Not sure. My photon crashes a lot more now.

Two years ago I was one of the first to get my hands on the premier Android phone of the time...the HTC Hero with Sprint.  Let me just tell you something...it's amazing how far technology has come in only 24 months.  Get your hands on this machine and you won't be disappointed.  It's like a fire breathing dragon swinging a platinum sword, and that's just with 3g.  I don't have 4g in my area and I don't really think I need it with the speed of this thing.  I always thought the browsers in the older phones were slow because of the connection.  I stand corrected.  The browsers were slow because the processors in the phones were slow.  That is NOT the case with this machine.  Basically, it's like having your desktop in your pocket connected to fiber optic broadband.  And that's all I have to say about that.  Don't hesitate.  Get it.

Thanks for Photon...the phone does what it is suppose to and it is even better looking than I imagined!  I am so glad I made the decision to get this product.

This phone has a lot of problems.  If you go on the android forums and search you will see the awful extent of it. [...]My phone in particular will go to sleep and then not wake up until battery is removed and phone restarted.  Also I have problems where there is no audio while making calls and need to reboot in oreder to resolve.  These problems are known issues and being experienced by a huge number of owners.  The fact that motorola would release a phone like this with serious problems is reprehensible.  A lot of people with important jobs (e.g. doctors, etc...) and work on-call could  be seriously screwed by these malfunctions.  I hope Google becomes a better steward for motorola's future products, since they just bought them out.  If it worked properly this would be a great phone.  I suggest potential customers wait until these problems are solved before buying one.  I can't help but saying I also feel completely betrayed by all the glowing magazine reviews I read before buying, don't trust those either!!

I have had this phone for 2 weeks now and the honeymoon period has never been so nice.  Great display -- big, bright, and clear.  Tremendous touch response.  My previous phone was a Samsung Moment (needing 4 replacements to get a stabile phone soured me on the Samsung brand) plus after the OS had been upgraded from 1.6 to Droid 2.1 it took forever to boot and a second and a half between touch to response.  It's like switching from an x486 to a PentiumIII PC.  Motorola has some nice apps and of course all my Droid apps from the market transferred perfectly.It is not perfect (for me) and has a couple cons.  The power port on the bottom was a curious choice by Motorola (they want to sell $50 docks) and I ran afoul of the "reboot issue" some have faced with this model.  I didn't drop a rating star because 5 minutes of Googling got me the fix -- turning off HAC in the settings (Hearing Aid Compatibility). It's almost too thin (imagine that being a con) to feel secure holding it.I looked at iPhones and strongly considered one but this phone is bigger, brighter, at least as responsive, and I don't have to marry Apple to own it.Add Gorilla glass Motorola and I'd give it 6 out of 5 stars!2/22  Been notified (and confirmed) that the Photon does indeed have Gorilla Glass.  6 STARS!!!The honeymoon is well over and I am still in love.  Great battery life (60% left after a typical 12 hours [much texting, average Kindle-ing, average talking time, some surfing]).  I have yet to run it dead in a single day.  Terrific looking, large and responsive display. I have a nice looking plastic case from Monster Accessories that aids in keeping hold of it without adding too much bulk.  After all the little quirks of my Moment - having a solid, stabile, FAST phone like the Photon has just been incredibly SWEET!

I went from a Blackberry with a trackball (Model "T") to "State of the Art" by purchasing this phone.I see now why everyone has been talking apps for so long. Phone is too new to me to be assured that it is perfect but in addition to all of the things you can do with a smartphone it has great sound qualities as a phone and the tone and clearness is great. This was important to me as I do not have a "land line" and this is my only phone and I use it constantly.The quality of the sound is great. I know that I will use my laptop a lot less now that I have this phone.

I am writing this review coming from an HTC Thunderbolt from Verizon.  First off let me say that I have owned quite a few Android Smartphones (about 6 from all different manufactures).  This phone was a true breath of fresh air coming from an HTC Thunderbolt.  The HTC Thunderbolt was a flawed phone right from launch and it has multiple hardware issues.  I have since lost my faith in HTC.However this phone is truly amazing.  The build quality is something I applaud Motorola on.  It feels solid in the hand but is not really heavy.  You will hear people shoot down the qHD "Pentile" display.  I think the display looks fantastic and the resolution is really great.Battery life has been great so far.  Everything seems so much faster and smoother then my previous Thunderbolt.  I have owned HTC and Samsung android devices in the past, and they don't come close to the quality of this phone.  It is a joy to use.  I can highly recommend it.

I've been an HTC user for many years, starting when the PPC-6700 was the hottest thing going.But first there was the Evo 4G that wouldn't receive Sprint's 4G signals. Then, for less than a month, was the Evo 3D which did receive 4G but was, in my opinion, deficient in many other respects.So I tried the Motorola Photon 4G. I'm not in love with it as I initially was with the Evo 4G, but it is an admirable piece of technology. It is a solid performer on 3G, 4G and WiFi. So far, I have had no problems connecting and maintaining voice and data connections, which is of course, the entire point of the phone.The display is superb, but there is a price to be paid for the higher resolution: onscreen keyboards appear smaller and it isn't as easy to type with Skype or TouchPal as it is on lower-resolution. I don't want to overstate the difficulty, but I much prefer typing on a lower-resolution screen like that on the Evo 4G. On the other hand, readability is very good and watching movies is great.Battery life is just plain awful. Terrible. Four hours of moderate data and voice usage and the indicator turns orange indicating 20% or less battery capacity. If you are anything other than a light user, do not leave home without a spare battery. In fact, I am thinking of picking up a second spare. Yes, I have all automatic sync functions turned off or to a minimum. I do use Bluetooth, GPS and WiFi heavily. I'm not really complaining as much as I am stating the facts of the matter: the Photon 4G eats power like a scifi monster.Getting the back off to replace the battery is a pain, unless you happen to have a pocket knife or paper clip handy.That's about it. In some ways, this phone lacks the pizazz that surrounded the HTC Evo 4G. But for day to day reality, the Photon 4G gets the job. Plenty of memory. The Tegra delivers snappy performance. The screen is outstanding.Overall, in my opinion, an excellent, if not flashy, performer.Jerry

My phone came in earlier this week, and it has been awesome! I upgraded to this from an older Android phone, and I can't believe how speedy this is! No lag!The exterior of the phone looks slick and the abrupt corners make it easier to hold. The kickstand is a great addition too. It has all of the usual connections, with headphone jack and HDMI out. Opens a lot of possibilities for use with your TV.The version of Android installed is nice and stable so far. Some useless apps do come installed with the phone, but nothing hideously obnoxious.No problems yet, so I intend to love it til its eventual replacement!** UPDATE **Two months later, and the phone is still going strong. I'm a heavy user, as I pass time with my phone. The battery lasts me about one day, with heavy 3G and wifi usage. I usually turn the computer off, and browse the net from my couch. It's awesome! I think the battery life by far exceeds my expectations.

I'm not sure bout the bad reviews here. I have had the Photon for about a year and cannot complain about anything. It's powerful, fast, reliable, long battery life. Games look great and using Zumocast I can watch my entire library of media anywhere Im at with 4G or wifi. Other then not being able to use Hulu ap yet this phone is the best decision I made. I chose it over the Galaxy S2 because 200Mghz was not worth the extra 100 dollars. My only other con is that it is 2 finger touch instead of more so using controls that require more then 2 simultaneous inputs with controls to being iffy. I do have it with sprint and use a hell of a lot of data with no issues besides spotty 4G which I think is a Sprint issue not phone Issue.

After trying out the EVO 4G, I went ahead and decided on paying a little more and so far I don't regret it.  The phone is solid, stable and quick.  I'm still learning the gist of Android so things might change depending on how well I utilize the marketplace and whatnot.Out of the box Motorola seemingly has anticipated the difficulty of the battery/back cover.  It's individually wrapped (meaning the phone is boxed without a back).  I found that to be a bit weird but I've removed the cover a few times so far.  I normally go about it using a fingernail along the edge listening for the clicks and taking off the cover that way.  A bit unorthodox but using brute force on a flexible cover might break it.  The back cover isn't make out of the same material as the phone either so it might not fit perfectly.  Mine has a small gap at the top and a little loose on the bottom.  Doesn't bother me too much since if I have to clean it just take it off and etc.  I'm not sure what it's made out of it (I want to say rubber or a rubberized plastic) but it has a nice grip.  The phone remained still in my hand while I was standing up in an overcrowded bus.  On the side is a ribbed volume buttons and a ribbed camera button.  Easy to press and use.Unlike the EVO (and probably the 3D too, not sure) the MicroSD card and SIM card are within easy reach.  The MicroSD card can be removed without removing the battery which is a slight plus and doesn't need tweezers.  Also the power button doesn't instantly turn on the phone but doesn't take forever to get the phone up and running either...The display itself is a nice qHD PenTile display.  The pixels aren't square and they generate a sort of grainy image.  I personally don't mind the screen...Even when a cute show about a bunch of Flash animated little ponies makes it all the more obvious (I can't tell with say pictures or the phone's camera).  To a certain extent since it does have more pixels than phones from last year it might appear to look finer also.  If it matters I'd suggest seeing a phone in person because filming it probably won't do justice.Android wise it boasts Gingerbread with a version of 2.3.4 and lacking Motoblur.  The phone has 4GB dedicated to the operating system, 3GB available for program storage and 9GB for internal storage.  I had a Sandisk Class 4 16GB MicroSD card lying around and stuck it in the phone to boost it to about 25GB of user storage.  Might seem like a lot but I'm sure I can find a way to use it all up.  My suggestion though is to put all ringtones and stuff like that on the internal memory although I haven't tested whether or not it'll revert to default with the removal of the card (more than likely will if unmounted properly anyway).  Stability of Gingerbread has been good.  I've had a few quirks but overall no phone crashes.  Also, updating the YouTube app causes the kickstand mode to go a bit awkward.Battery life...It's hard to say but on average I get around 2 days of use.  With that said it's mostly light to moderate use with only one email account synced to it.  Like any big screen device the brighter it is the more power it will draw.  Especially in plain daylight where the display gets extremely bright but very well viewable outdoors.  I'm pretty sure if I disable sync it'll go for a lot, lot longer in standby because the battery use diagram (clicking on the graph on the Battery Usage screen) shows the phone being awake constantly.  I'm not familiar with Android but if I can probably figure out a way to optimize it I most definitely will.  The only drawback to the battery usage is that the Photon only displays in increments of 10% (save for 20% or lower which is 5%) and isn't instant...It'll only update after the phone has dropped to the next level.  Ever since I owned the HTC/Palm Treo Pro I charge all my devices except laptops turned off.  The Photon has no actual charge indicator.  If the battery is lower than 10% it is red, if it between 10% and 90% it is amber (rather...Green and red combined) and above 90% is green.  Even though while off the phone will report 100% it isn't fully charged.  If I remove it once it hits 100% and turn it on it will drop to 90% instantly.  It makes sense because a lot of older Motorola devices I've owned liked to stop at 90% (especially on the spare battery charging port on many docks explicitly state it'll only charge to 90% then turn green).  Also, what I like is that physically the battery bay in the phone is like a laptop.  It has four prongs on the bay and the battery has the flexible contacts very much like every laptop I've owned.  I like this because if the contacts ever fail...It's on the consumable (i.e. it'll wear out over time, being consumed despite being rechargeable) battery rather than the phone.  The Sony PSP also uses the same design.Hardware it sports 1GB of DDR2 RAM and a nice nVIDIA Tegra 2.  It isn't a Snapdragon so it lacks the GPU it uses (I assume it has some sort of GeForce instead).  It may or may not break compatibility of some games or applications.  In terms of phone operation it is quick and even Adobe Flash runs pretty well on the device.  It also has 4G and GSM capability.  GSM I cannot test and 4G works.  I haven't used 4G much but it is a lot faster than 3G...Especially on YouTube.  It also has a kickstand, and this kickstand has an option to either do nothing or put the phone in either a special widget mode (with a huge digital clock) or simply a landscape version of the home screen.  It appears to me the kickstand is magnet driven based on just looking at the inside of the kickstand but I could be wrong.  Oddly enough the kickstand can be used in either landscape orientation.  That is with the kickstand holding the phone up from the back (leaving the ports down) or holding the phone up from the bottom (leaving the ports up for say charging).  It works either way and is stated in the manual.  Personally I'm a bit cautious of leaving it in a position where it could be slammed down.It has a low resolution camera on the front and an 8MP camera on the back supplemented with a dual LED flash.  The camera also has auto focus which is amazing despite its small size.  I just don't like the loud click it makes when it initializes.  Overall it takes decent pictures but I prefer to use a camera or camcorder for all my photo needs.If I'm missing anything I'll update it, but so far so good.  The bias in this review, if anything, is that I could very well use this phone for two years without installing many apps.  Not that I don't like them but I just rather browse and catch up on the web than play a game of Angry Birds.09/17/11 - Edit/AdditionEvery Sprint phone I've used has a lifetime data/minutes/calls indicator.  Where this phone is fickle is that data lifetime includes more than 3G and 4G...It includes WiFi (explains why I have 1.8GBs received despite avoiding intensive sessions on cellular networks).  Since I have unlimited data the need to meter my usage isn't there.  Just mentioning it since the EVO 4G didn't appear to do it.The Photon has two unique Motorola apps.  The first is the webtop application that requires the multimedia dock and as such I'll probably never review it.  The other is a phone portal.  Essentially it either allows a USB connection or WiFi (infrastructure only, no ad-hoc.  i.e. the computer and phone are connected to a router) connection to the device to manage text messages, ringtones, pictures and even displays cellular signal and current remaining battery power.  So far it's a wonderful concept since I stopped USB data transfers a long time ago.  As good as it is there are a few caveats to it:*It supports Firefox 3 and IE7.  Using a newer version of Firefox will cause it to force close repeatedly (especially when not closing the browser and remaining on the problematic page).  If the phone is active it'll note the force close.  If the phone isn't active (sleeping) it'll just terminate to the home screen.  It works fine in IE8.*The file manager only can be started using IE.  Once I had the connections established in 'My Network Places' under XP Pro I can immediately connect to the phone without using the browser.  File transfers over WiFi will primarily base itself on the method of connection (I use a laptop with 802.11b) and how far away from the router.  I haven't measured speeds but from moderate signal on both devices I find creating folders/files to take a somewhat long time.*Secure mode doesn't really work too well with the file manager or Firefox.  I only find it necessary if being used on a public network or if the phone will remain online for a long time.  Be warned, leaving it up and unlocked will allow anyone to access pictures or texts.The background I picked tends to show some compression issues under a high brightness.  Sort of random I suppose.Edit B:  Also, as silly as it sounds I should of also reviewed its function as a PHONE.  Since I got it after the initial update (which I did before the phone got activated using WiFi) the call quality I have no complaints (nor did the half an hour call did the other person have issues hearing me).  However considering I only have 44 minutes of talk time on it I can just state that it works.10/15/11 - AdditionAfter the WiFi update the Phone Portal became not so much buggy but it used to somewhat do OK with my WiFi setup.  However after many hours of trial and error (such as reading files failing at the first hiccup cancelling the entire process or when sending files the phone skips the file (and if it's a folder the entire folder  I discovered that it is currently very, very, very sensitive for anything and everything on a particular WiFi channel.  This means, at least for me, that if my WiFi Finder defects say a router at channel 6 if my router is on channel 6 the process will undoubtedly fail.  With 11 (ironically) WiFi networks detected and roughly a third of them being on automatic channel it's only luck that most are either on 1, 6, or 11.  I picked a channel that is unused and the transfer went quickly and flawlessly.The third update was difficult to download.  Originally the phone started the process but never connected.  Rebooted and gave an error along the lines of "Ongoing Notification: Download will start when on WiFi/off-peak hours."  With that said I changed the off-peak hours, turned off power management, rebooted and got a low signal with WiFi.  It was only when I got a good signal that it began to download.  Installing it was a breeze and for a rather large update it installed faster than the previous two.

I upgraded my Optimus S to the Photon, and I will say it is the best Sprint phone I've owned. I've always had smartphones, and I've never had good reception in my home. Motorola has finally produced a phone where I can make a call in my house instead of in my yard. Battery life has been impressive with moderate texting, talking, and web surfing. It's been off the charger since 10 PM yesterday (12 PM today) and it is still at 80-90%. I have seen zero lag, apps pull up quickly, and surfing the web via wifi is faster than on my tablet. I looked at the Epic Touch as well, but I felt the size of the phone was too big for one hand use. It also felt so thin that it would break easily. The Photon functions perfectly, feels natural holding with one hand, and can fit in my pocket without a problem with the case on. I wouldn't hesitate to get this phone.

Ok, I'm a long time Sprint customer and I been holding out for the I-Phone to come to Sprint but I hear that's just rumor for now so I decided to try an Android phone to upgrade from a Blackberry Tour. After days of reading customer reviews everywhere on the internet (including Amazon) I decided to take a chance and all I can say is WOW, this phone is light years better than my Blackberry. It's very fast, the touch screen is very responsive, screen resolution is excellent in my opinion, camera and video recorder is nice, phone sound quality and reception is great, I could go on and on!Cons: I noticed the battery is not as long lasting as my old Blackberry but its not bad. Also I still can not find a way to stop the a song when its played on the music player. Only thing you can do to stop it is hit the pause button, perhaps something I am doing wrong. One final thing they should include a full manual with the purchase not just a starter guide. I had to go online to download the 155 page manual.Overall this is an excellent phone!!! I am very pleased with the purchase. I was a loyal Blackberry user but RIM refuses to come out with better phones so... bye bye Blackberry. There is no going back now.

This phone is pretty good but it does have its problems it never got the upgrade for ice cream sandwich and that is a major problem the camera works well the speakers are good the battery life isn't so good I have a charger at work so the battery never really runs out for me because of that. The price was a little high but at the time that I bought it was a top of the line phone. watching YouTube the phone will freeze up and crash and that is a big disappointment. but it was a big improvement over my previous phone

I had purchased a different phone before this and had nothing but trouble.  This seller was fast, and offered excellent value.  Very glad I went with this purchase.

Bought it, signed a two year agreement, never worked. Called Sprint they sent me an Airave for better reception in the home, never worked.  By the time I asked to return it my two week window of opportunity had passed.  Now I'm stuck buying a new phone without a contract because the phone I bought with the two year contract never worked.  This was my first smart phone. GREATLY DISAPPOINTED!

After recently purchasing the Photon for myself and the iPhone 4GS for my wife, I jotted down some of the advantages of each based on my initial impressions for a friend who is trying to decide between the two:Photon/Android Advantages* 4G is roughly twice as fast (loading most web sites) as iPhone's 3G* Larger screen (4.3 inches versus 3.5)* Easier to browse/read web sites with the larger screen since you don't have to zoom in and out as frequently* Much better keyboard with numbers and symbols easily available (versus have to switch to different keyboard screen)* Swype keyboard option (13% faster in my test after just a couple of weeks of light use; some people claim it's twice as fast after you get some decent practice)* Since the screen is larger, the keyboard area and keys are larger. Additionally, the keyboard always rotates into horizontal/landscape mode when you turn the phone (doesn't always rotate on the iPhone, for example if you are configuring certain settings)* Period and comma are available on default keyboard screen* Widgets! (versus limited availability on iPhone and only if you jailbreak it)* Has very intuitive Back and Menu/Settings buttons (versus just a Home button)* Flash is supported* Free turn-by-turn directions* Real tabs in Dolphin browsers (versus multiple taps needed to other windows)* Dolphin browser is noticeably faster--even on wifi (versus Safari/iPhone)* Alarm with gradually increasing volume is quite nice* A light tap on the Home button does the trick (versus actually pressing it)* HDMI port* Free Google Reader app (versus no app available)* Can customize battery usage and manage/terminate tasks* You can sync most data over the mobile network (versus only wifi)* No personal info needed to download apps (versus have to enter your billing address even to download a free app)iPhone/iOS Advantages* Displays more pixels (960 x 640 versus 960 x 540)* Higher/crisper screen resolution since more pixels are crammed into a smaller screen area* Better screen color (more natural, accurate)* Much better camera (more natural, accurate, warmer colors; crisper details; shorter "shutter" delay; tap focus) especially for indoor or low-light environments* Seems to have longer battery life (Photon screen is larger and usually brighter and doesn't fade after 30 seconds or so of idleness)* Cutting/copying and pasting is easier* Slicker interface, transitions, sliders, etc.* Screen capture is easier (versus installing an app)* More intuitive notifications (new e-mails and messages appear as numbers on corresponding icons versus main status bar)* iPhone has a .com key on some keyboard screens (e.g., the browser URL)Neutral or Subjective Differences* iPhone Browser occasionally compensates for smaller screen by selectively increasing the size of text, making reading easier but often marring the layout/alignment of the web page* iPhone offers several built-in apps such as stock quotes, weather, and lost phone. You have to install these apps separately (they are free) on Android, but you also have more flexibility and more options with Android.* Google/DropBox cloud sync/storage versus iCloud* Photon is easier for me to hold (I dropped the iPhone within a couple of hours)* Siri more intelligent and "cooler" but voice command usability on the Photon seems to be equivalent in usability, at least based on my initial testingMy bottom line verdict: the Motorola Photon wins, particularly if you are looking for usability and efficiency. However, if you already use iCloud for e-mail, calendar, photos, etc. or if you are going to use the phone as your primary camera, the iPhone deserves serious consideration.

My mom and I have had the same phone for 9 years. We finally decided to catch up with the times. Along with my husband we got three new photons. Since I have had my phone it has been nothing but problems. I have taken it in almost every day for a new problem. I am waiting for a replacement phone. Here are the problems we are having with the phones:1. It shuts down when it ever it wants and no matter how much you hold the power button it will not turn back on. The only way to turn it on is to take the battery out, put it back it in, and then push the power button. My husband's phone has done this one time. My has been doing it all week.2. It goes threw a session of shutting down on its own and rebooting. Doing this over and over.3. My mom hears static when she calls out.4. My mom's phone runs very hot all day. Even if it is not being charged or talked on it. It is always hot.5. My mom't phone does not hold a charge for more than three to four hours, even if it has been charging all night.All the phones have been hard rebooted and updated. It has not fixed the problems. I am beginning to wonder if we got a bad batch. Other than the one time problem with my husbands phone, he has not had all these problems. Is there anyone out there having the same problems. I am thinking about switching to the EVO.

I've tried just about every top selling smartphone with Sprint including the dumb ones at AT&T (iphone 3&4) This is by far the best smartphone on the market. Fast speeds, great battery, crystal clear talk quality and the best thing is Zumocast!!! I can watch movies,listen to all my music & podcasts, and get important documents from home PC while on the road.  I also use the lapdock for the bionic and it works with no modifications needed. For a traveling salesman this phone is truly a Iphone/tablet/notebook killer. No longer do I have to carry a phone,tablet,and a laptop. If you are on the fence about a phone, this is truly the best phone Sprint has available.  The other poor reviews written below are from begginer smartphone users and they truly haven't mastered all the capabilities of what this device can do.

Bought this phone to switch from T mobile to Ting.  I did have the sensation 4g on T mobile....there is no comparison on performance, the sensation was better; speed/display/design.  I picked this one up for $45 so, I can most definitely live with that, the speakers are also way better, sensations suck bad.  So far happy with phone and ting

I'm an electronics technician and a smartphone junkie; over the years I've owned handsets made by Nokia, Samsung, Blackberry, Ericsson, Pantech, HTC, LG, and Motorola, along with a few others...on networks like Cingular, AT&T;, T-Mobile, Sprint, and a few carriers in Europe as well...but the phone that I've settled on for my daily use is the Motorola Photon on Sprint's network here in Las Vegas, Nevada.I bought my first Photon back when it was released last year, but soon made the mistake of selling it when I was lured away to the newly released Samsung Galaxy S II Epic 4G Touch...I tried the E4GT out for about three weeks, but then I ended up selling it to a friend and purchasing another Photon, taking a bit of a loss in the process. (But to me it was worth it.)Now don't get me wrong, there is no doubt that the E4GT is a "pretty" phone that is fast & thin, the Super Amoled display is incredible, it's processor is lightening fast, and it has a fantastic camera, but (in my opinion) you just can't beat the Photon for it's vastly superior radio & data connectivity, remarkably better voice & speakerphone quality and volume, and its incredibly quick and accurate GPS lock and navigation...basically, everything that (to me, at least) makes a smartphone a smartphone.A few side-by-side examples of what I consider to be critical differences between the Photon & the E4GT:*Data Connectivity*I stream audio every day on my 50 minute (round trip) commute to work using Sprint's 3G data network, taking the same route every time; with the Photon I average perhaps one lost connection (rebuffering for a few seconds) every three trips, but the E4GT lost connection (on average) two to three times EVERY SINGLE TRIP, and not necessarily in the same locations.The E4GT had sketchy reception (voice and data) inside some casinos here in Las Vegas, but the Photon performed perfectly in these same areas. Side-by-side there is no comparison in both voice and data connectivity, in my experience with both phones.*Voice Connectivity/Reception*Over the course of about three months with my first Photon, I dropped calls MAYBE four times, and I suspect at least two of those drops were caused by the other caller.  With the E4GT, I dropped that many calls in the first week alone... (and it continued to have spotty reception after that...if you ask anyone who has owned both phones, they will tell you how much better the Photon performs in this regard...and that is AFTER the latest Samsung OTA update was applied...)The call quality and volume are decent on the E4GT's regular speaker and speakerphone, but the Photon's sound quality through both the regular speaker and speakerphone is SUPERB, the best I've ever experience on any phone. You can seriously turn the volume all the way up on a regular call and it will go so loud that it sounds like you are actually using the speakerphone; the speakerphone itself goes even louder, of course, and all calls made in either manner on the Photon are crystal clear and don't have the slightly "tinny" and hollow sound like they do on the E4GT.*GPS*GPS lock and accuracy on the E4GT was almost comical for me coming from the Photon (and the HTC Evo 4G before that); even after using software and programming menu tweaks to clear GPS cache, calibrate GPS receiver, etc... By contrast, the Photon's GPS lock and accuracy are spot-on, right out of the box.*Conclusion*If the Samsung Epic 4G Touch kept it's Super Amoled screen and awesome camera, but packed the insides (voice and data radio performance, speaker quality) and build quality of the Photon, then I would take it...that would be THE phone to beat...but until that happens, the Photon is absolutely the best phone I have ever owned for all around performance as a smartPHONE. It even has the advantage of having a GSM radio to go along with its regular Sprint CDMA radio, so you are able to use GSM networks overseas with local SIM cards. (The Photon's GSM functions are locked to Sprint in the U.S., but unlocked to whatever carrier you wish to use if you are overseas; just pop in a local pay-as-you-go SIM card and you are good to go.) This makes it a true business phone that can travel the world as well.So anyways, if you are trying to decide on which phone to buy, I would recommend that you definitely try them both out; but make sure to test them thoroughly, and by all means, hang on to your Photon until AFTER you have used the E4GT for at least a few weeks and run performance tests under real world conditions. In the end, I am confident that you will end up preferring the Photon for the critical advantages that I've listed above. (Individual results may vary, of course!) Good luck, and cheers! :)

After using the Photon for a few days, I thought I would add to the chorus. This phone is remarkable but not perfect. Rather than repeat the kudos heaped on the phone, I will bring out some of the design errors for balance -The phone is slippery, and easily dropped. Motorola could have added a non-slip edge and back, but instead the edges are like holding ice, although the back is slightly textured.The kickstand opens in the wrong direction. You cannot charge the phone and watch a movie, or use it as an alarm clock at the same time as charging as the cable exits the base of the phone when you use the kickstand. Just by flipping, the kickstand and the horizontal image 180 degrees would fix this error. On the other hand, the phone could have been better designed with the HDMI and power cable connectors on the other side or the best design, the top or bottom edge.If you, as of today, try to synchronize your contacts with Outlook, it will fail, with a popup Windows 7 message saying that you need to install a Motorola app on the phone to make it work. It doesn't exist.Other than that, the phone is very nice, not perfect but nice. In addition, even the touted; 4G is barely 1MBps down/600Kpbs up speed. Yawn.---------------------------------------I've had the phone for nearly two weeks now and stand by the review, especially about the design flaws that are obvious. I expected to be more positive but I'm still yawning.Battery life is no better than my old HTC Android phone. That means you're never far from a charging plug and a non-standard USB connector at that.The 4G speed is all over the place from a tested 8Mbps in the open, down to 100Kbps... almost zero indoors.It's much, much faster and more polished though as it should be with a dual core chip and newer software. On the other hand, the HTC Hero never crashed; this one has three times so far.So on balance, still a yawn and not quite a finished product. If I returned it, and got another brand like a Samsung I wouldn't miss it for a minute. That disappoints me.---------------------------------------Sent back the Photon and replaced with the Samsung SII Epic 4G. It is far more polished that the Photon, although doesn't have a kickstand but does have a better screen and is a keeper. Perhaps Motorola will get it right with version 2 of the phone.A final point, Sprint 4G is a joke and should be labelled 1G. It only approaches really good speed in certain spots. If you're not in that spot, speed drops off really fast.

I love my Photon 4G as a concept. As a previous Blackberry user (phone was about 3 yrs old now), I am so happy to have a touchscreen with fast internet and browser and LOTS of apps to chose from.My only issue with this phone and not giving it 5 stars is that it has many bugs.I havent been able to sync the contacts despite working with customer service for over 4 hours on the issue. Finally gave up and hope I dont lose my phone (and consequently all my contacts).The phone will randomly turn off, and sometimes the proximity sensor isnt working (so I accidentally hang up on ppl while talking on the phone and my face hits the "end call" icon).Biggest annoyance is that the phone didnt work in Spain. The GSM wouldnt connect to anything (data or voice). Also, the wireless stopped working while abroad after a software update. This was one of the main highlights of getting this phone, so fail. Sprint customer service didnt really help either. No apology, no suggestion on how to resolve the issue for my next trip.

I love this phone - Its dual core processor is FAST - as good as my laptop for surfing the web. No more waiting forever for Javascript to run, like RIM's Blackberry Curve was doing when I surfed the web. We're talking night and day in that respect! The touch screen seems to maintain accuracy even with wet fingers.The mechanics are also superior - For example, the Gorilla Glass screen is so resistant to scratching and breaking that Motorola says plastic screen protectors are unnecessary. The snap-off and snap-on Kevlar back is thin but so tough that you can forcibly rip it off without damaging it, and unlike iPhone, you can carry spare batteries, swap them out and reboot the phone in a couple of minutes.I must say, I've read most of the negative comments about this phone, but for the life of me I don't know what they're talking about, except for poor battery life (BUT SEE MY TWO BATTERY LIFE SOLUTIONS BELOW). Many of the other negative comments are possibly due to faults with Google's Android and its built-in apps or the particular Sprint network in their area, not the phone itself. Many of the Android problems sound curable by tweaking the settings and/or replacing poor Google Android apps with 3rd-party premium apps, even though I haven't experienced most of the problems that the negative comments mention.Display resolution is superb, and it even has a HDMI video output so you can use your HDTV as a monitor if you want to, as well as newer computer monitors with an HDMI input. I think the bluetooth can accept wireless full-size keyboards and the Micro USB can accept USB keyboards with the proper adapter, but I haven't tried an external keyboard yet.Sprint's Visible Voicemail ($5/month extra charge) is great, because it translates the message to text and optionally can email the sound file and/or Text to you. I have noticed no problems with missing voicemail, as one negative comment complained about. That may be a localized Sprint problem, or maybe I just haven't noticed.The included browser is tremendously compatible with all websites I've visited, but the free FireFox browser in the Google Play store is much better, except for playing videos (It doesn't have plug-ins for all the different types of video files, but I'm sure the plugins are available somewhere).EXCEPT for a lot of the "comment" sections on newspaper websites - Both browsers have all sorts of incompatibility issues when the comment engine they use is Disqus (sp?).BEST OF ALL: No need to run the website's abbreviated mobile version!!!The full website version runs fine (websites usually default to the mobile version, which has fewer features. For example, in eBay's mobile website, I can't read my messages - So I always use the full-featured desktop web site.Most webites have a "Full Browser" or "Desktop Browser" link at the bottom of the screen). It's especially nice that you can rotate the phone sideways like an iPhone to put it into portrait mode, which gives you more width when browsing the web sites that don't have automatically-wrapping text. If you need to enlarge or reduce the zoom on some part of the web site, just use the 2-finger zoom jester. That usually works, unless the website has code to fit it to screen, or your phone's browser has the "FIT TO SCREEN" option set.HOWEVER - you must tweak the battery saver settings in order to get great battery life - Either that, or purchase an extended-size battery and back cover. The larger battery and back cover I picked up at a minimal price on eBay does make a difference due to almost twice the capacity of Photon's regular sized battery (oversized batteries and cases to accommodate them are available as an inexpensive option for a large number of different brand phones - I bought a similar kit for my RAZR phone). Both phones are now thicker and heavier, but no big deal.Mainly, to conserve battery life in standby, set a timeout on screen back-lighting to turn the screen off when no activity is taking place. That's the largest battery-eater.Also set the network connections and WiFi receiver/hotspot to close automatically when not in use. That's the second-largest culprit.Frequently check the battery consumption statistics, which will flag any app that consumes an adnormal amount of battery power - It can be caused by completely unexpected sources.For example, a free "pretty" calendar app and battery/network strength meter app I installed both consumed a LOT of battery power, because I guess it kept the phone awake when it should be asleep. When I discovered that the "pretty" apps were cutting my battery life in half, I un-installed all of them, and suddenly my battery problems went away.Same for Bluetooth - If you're not using a Bluetooth hands-free device, Bluetooth keyboard, etc, then turn off Bluetooth. It's easily turned back on.All that together will make a HUGE difference in standby battery life.Email will still keep updated if you set the email client to wake up the phone periodically and temporarily open the 4G network or WiFi to grab new email. Web and Texting is unaffected, but it won't give notice when an incoming Instant Messenger message comes in if you set your network connections to close when the phone is sleeping - No matter, traditional Text is fundamentally more reliable than Instant Messenger for many reasons, especially in disaster zones that may have towers down or overloaded.Text often works fine even in rural areas where no Internet or voice connections are available, and even worked in New Orleans after Katrina - so I never had a reason or desire to even install Instant Messenger on any of my phones anyway.BTW, The phone will seamlessly and automatically connect to your wireless router after setting it up, whenever you come into range - Provided that you go into Manage WiFi and set a profile for the WiFi router (hotspot).No network dropouts or internal IP changes when switching to wireless router that I can detect, but that would require more testing to make sure. My router runs WPA2 with static IP numbers, which the phone connects to just fine. This supplements your 3G and 4G connections in steel-frame buildings where 3G and 4G may be too weak to connect to the network. Speed in non-4G areas, access to your LAN's files and printers, and connection reliability in weak areas would be the  reasons to connect to a wireless router whenever available.My $30/month Sprint data plan is Unlimited, but that's misleading. The fact is, it's limited by speed, especially where 4G isn't available or drops in and out while moving - Sprint 4G coverage around Dallas is spotty at best.The phone can function as a mobile Hotspot, so that nearby laptops of your choice can connect to the Internet via 3G and 4G - However Sprint apparently has this feature disabled unless you pay an additional $20 or $30 monthly to enable the "Phone as a Modem" data service.That's not a feature I really need enough to pay for, but it definitely sounds useful if you're on the road and need to use your laptop over the Internet, a VPN connection, check your laptop's email, or whatever. The alternative is to purchase an air card and service for your laptop, which is even more expensive, especially since most air cards don't have unlimited data plans - They're usually limited to 2GB/month, which can disappear fast and eat up some serious cash in extra data charges!The two things you may want to replace immediately are the keyboard app and the email app. The Google email app frankly is featureless and it just plain sucks.After many trials, I settled on MailDroid Free. It does what I need to do very well, without crashing. Other highly-rated email apps either crashed after loading thousands of messages, or had glaring omissions, especially in allowing email Rules.However, MailDroid's email rule features aren't well-documented, if at all, so I've yet to get more complicated rules to work. For example, I'd like to have a separate folder to store email from people in my Contacts list. Absolutely no Android email client I've found can do that, but I think MailDroid Rules might be able to, if I just had more documentation. I've asked the Maildroid author to supply a help document, but no dice so far. It's a free ad-supported app, but the ads are not intrusive at all - So you can't expect fast response to requests like that. He is ALWAYS improving MailDroid in other ways, and sends out new release notes about once per month. Very pleased with MailDroid!You'll probably also want to replace Google's standard Android touchscreen keyboard app with a 3rd party app called SwiftKey. For one thing, SwiftKey has ARROW KEYS, which the Android keyboard does not have!!! - Duhhh, what a dumb omission!!!Also when editing emails and documents, SwiftKey not only has a better spell checker than Android, but it also learns your writing style and usually guesses most common words you type in context, after you only enter 2 or 3 characters - Bravo! The Android keyboard app has a lousy spell checker, and I found that auto-correct made very poor guesses. In my opinion, if I was Motorola, they should replace email and keyboard apps to avoid damaging the reputation of their phone, the default Android apps are so poor and featureless.Like the email and keyboard clients, Android's built-in scheduler also sucks. It basically works, but is featureless. For example, you can't select the days of the week that it fires when doing a weekly schedule - It will only fire that day of the week, so you have to re-enter the same schedule 3 times if you want it to fire Mon, Tue and Wed for example. There is no way to copy an existing schedule and modify the copy - There's no menu option I can find to copy a schedule. Also absent are settings like "First Monday of the month".Also, I found that multiple Scheduler alarms don't work consistently (for example you can set multiple alarms to fire at 1 hour before the meeting time, 30 minutes before, and five minutes before - But the 1 hour alarm is the only one I ever hear). The alarms are also too short and not loud enough to wake me up. There seems to be no way to extend the alarm time, make it any louder, or tell it to repeat. Very annoying omission. I could fix it with a 3rd party Scheduler app, but I don't use the scheduler much so I haven't searched for a better one.In summary, I got my Motorola Photon 4G for $99 with a Sprint contract, and found it worth every penny over a free phone! Get the Sprint unlimited data plan - You'll need it if you do a lot of 4G browsing and videos. Sprint has yet to charge me anything extra when I'm data roaming, either. No more looking over my shoulder dreading a huge data bill if I download too much. For a flat-rate $20 data plan plus an enhanced 4G charge of $10, you never need to worry about how many bits you've downloaded. Very satisfied.One very poor decision that Sprint has recently made is its announcement that Road-Side Assistance will be eliminated. While I've only used that service once in the 10 years I've had Sprint, I found it useful when I did need it, and a comfort at other times. As with the gun I carry 24/7, it's better to have it and not need it, than to need it and not have it. According to Sprint, some car insurance companies have Roadside Assistance available at a small cost, and there's always AAA. But I still think it's a poor decision.

I bought this phone a month after launch mainly for it's specs and Sprint is the only service provider truly offering unlimited 4G. I never have any problems making and receiving calls, sending or receiving txts, connecting to wireless networks, etc. The OS loaded can be a bit iffy sometimes but nothing to make me feel like it's worth taking away a star.One time I had trouble purchasing apps from the market but I updated the PRL and Profile and that seems to have done the trick. Other than that I rarely get issues with service but if I do it's because of the provider, not the phone.I never went over seas with the phone but my original photon came with the sim card. Service is much better if you put in the sim card, set the network selection to Automatic and turn on domestic roaming for both CDMA and GSM/UMTS. If I have it on just CDMA and no domestic roaming it takes like 15 minutes for the phone to get back on the network coming off the train. If I have those options mentioned enabled, my phone (service wise) feels unstoppable. Same moment I'm topside I connect, moments later I have 3G and 4G.I'm not a social media junky or some wall street broker so I never have battery issues. If I don't need wifi, bluetooth or even 3G I turn it off. I play Tegra specific games like crazy and only charge my phone once a day if anything once every other day. I use GO LAUNCHER EX and GO POWER SWITCH or w.e it's called to help prolong battery life by an estimate of 7-12 hours depending on what I need and how often.The only thing I found weird about this phone is the fact that the refurbished replacement I was sent when I lost my original one booted at lighting speeds and the original one took about two minutes to boot and load it's services. By the way, unlocking the bootloader eliminates 4G but the phone is even better running ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich).

I have had two Photon 4G's and both have the same problem:  the micro SD slot on the phones overheat and fry the SD card -- and in the process run down the battery extremely quickly.  I reproduced the problem in front of a rep at the Sprint store and he was surprised by the amount of heat.  It was hot enough to burn my finger if I kept it on the contact with the SD card for more than a few seconds.Other than that, it's a nice phone. . .

I've had the Photon 4G for about 4 months now and I still love it. As a business traveler, it has never let me down. The battery life is excellent. The screen is beautiful. My only wish is that I had 4G in my area to really take advantage of all it can offer. Still, with 3G coverage, this phone keeps me connected. It'll be awhile until I'm ready to upgrade from this model and that's great!

This is an update from my earlier review. I am still a big fan of this phone but there are a couple of things I want to add now that I have used it.Pros: The apps out there are incredible. For so many useful applications to come to market at such a breakneck speed is nothing short of insane. This led to the title of my review. I love the apps.Nothing like watching a full length movie when a laptop or TV isn't around.Cons: I cannot get my battery life to live beyond a day, if I'm lucky and that's from breakfast to dinner. It's not like I didn't research it. I'm sure it's me but it shouldn't be that hard.Built in Imap email support is poor. Corporate mail works perfectly but invest in something like maildroid for anything else.----------------I tried for some time to use Windows Mobile Phones for the ability to interface with business applications and Microsoft Exchange. This turned out to be an abysmal failure and I moved to the Blackberry platform. I upgraded to the Photon from a Blackberry Tour. This is serious culture shock.First Impressions: Understand that in this review I am comparing this to my Blackberry Tour and to some degree my old Treo Pro.Speed: It blows away the Blackberry in response time. I won't even get into my old Palm Treo. The Blackberry took its time to load its apps and being 3G, it added time. The Photon, in some cases is as fast as a laptop in launching apps. In most cases it probably depends on the talents of the developer and your 4G reception but the Photon is quite forgiving in that matter. You can get used to it, and fast. I decided to compare a few similar apps to my Blackberry and I'm perfectly satisfied with my Photon! It's probably not fair to compare it to a Blackberry but it's what I had and I have never used Android.Apps: It's going to take me awhile to get a handle on all the apps that are out there. The rate at which these apps have become available is incredible. It took the advantage that Apple had away. I recommend searching for apps rather than just browsing the app store. There's way to much stuff and you'll just end up scrolling forever on you app page.Browser: It's the best browser I have used on a phone. I did actually have an IPhone a few years ago for work and this browser is spot on. Enough developers are creating Android browser mobile pages for these devices to make it easy to use. It too is faster than I could have imagined.Virtual Keyboard: This is taking me some time to get used to. It may just be that I haven't used a virtual phone in some time but I have to use the backspace key allot. I typically can only type in landscape mode. I do like the feature that anticipates what your next word may be. I'm not sure if it has a learning capability; I need to look that one up.Landscape and Portrait: This is one feature that I'm a bit frustrated with. At times it takes a bit longer than I would expect for the phone to go between the two, even when I hold the phone perfectly perpendicular. It's a bit of a irritant.Task Manager: Make this your friend. If you launch and application and then close it, it continues to run. Experienced Android users, I don not mean to insult your intelligence. Your best bet is to make your most frequently used apps to "auto-end". This way they turn off when not used and they will save your battery. If you don't, you'll use your battery up in a few hours.Camera: The best I have ever seen on a phone.I still have quite a bit to play with; I have only had it since last Friday.I can't wait to get my Otterbox Defender - Check it out - it's a beast.Some reviews point out that the phone is a bit bulky. I compared it to an AT&T; Motorola and it's a wash.

This phone was delivered better than expected. Opted for the one day shipping and it was delivered on time. The phone was very clean and I would purchase other items from  this vendor. As for the pone I am a two year Evo user and was hesitant to go with another phone but decided that the photon was what i needed as a travel warrior. Am very impressed with the UI and the speed of the device. Very happy customer.

DO NOT GET THIS PRODUCT.  I purchased my cell phone from Sprint on May 3, 2013.  I paid $200.00 for it.  Starting June 7, 2013 the phone had issues with texting - not going through.  Also, internet not able to connect. then it went completely dead - I mean black out.  And it had been charged. Took it in to be serviced on June 8, 2013 - Sprint store tech had issues with it - going into Airplane mode without him doing anything.  I was told by a tech there that they would not have sold the phone to me. This phone apparently is known to have texting issues.  Now, on June 10, 2013 the phone does not hold a charge and the WiiFi does not connect.  Took it to another Sprint Store - a corporate store and they had for over an hour.  The phone failed the first of three test.  Now they are ordering me a recondition phone.  Unfortunately, they put insurance on your bill and if you don't want you can cancel in 30 days.  If you have this phone don't cancel.  So, what this means I paid for a new phone to use for under 2 months and now I get a recondition used phone but paid for a new phone.  This is a sham.  BUYER BEWARE.....

I've been going from phone to phone for quite some time now. Looking for one that did everything I wanted and still performed well at the same time. FINALLY! Super efficiency, super memory (I did insert a 32GB Class 10 MicroSD card) and exceptional signal strength. Without a doubt, I'll be keeping this one longer than any I've had in the past.

[Update 8/11/2013] the title is no longer true as there are other new non-iphone global phones at Sprint ("world phone" as Sprint calls it). HTC One and Galaxy S4 to name a couple.  The phone has also become quite slow and unstable... probably a factor of Android's gingerbread clunkiness that's only hampered by the thick Moto skin running on top. Moto's decision not to update this phone to Ice Cream Sandwich ensured this phone won't have longevity....which really isn't saying much since you have only but a few options.The frustrations of being locked into a CDMA network where you can't travel and have the simplicity of just changing out the SIM card to get a local number and save money in the process. Photon is a rarity at Sprint. Only the now irrelevant BB phones and unlocked iphone 4s/5 will let you use SIM overseas.I've used Photon in UK without any problems. I was able to pop in an O2 prepaid GSM SIM and have voice and data up and running (had to get the O2 shop guy to input the APN settings for data though).If you're not going the fruit company route (as I) as of this time (Oct 2012), it's the best Sprint has for international use. Keep in mind, this is a 2011 phone that's sadly in Q4 of 2012, the best Sprint has for international use... sigh.Phone is okay. It may grow on you but generally, it's not that attractive, has a weird, octagonal shape, can stand to shed some weight and depth, and compared to 2012 standards, the qHD resolution is decent but pentile makes it subpar. Gingerbread can be a backwards, frustrating, and a buggy experience. The dual core Tegra 2 process in itself should be nice and fast but is hampered by the general lagginess from a buggy OS lacking refinement and if that wasn't enough, slap on a layer of what used to be the much-despised Moto-blur skin to slow it down even more. I just don't get why OEMs continue to plunk down time and money for skins... but that's another topic altogether.  The dual-core 1 GHz NVIDIA Tegra 2 processor is actually quite powerful and certainly held its own in 2011 when this phone was released. However, what you'll get is constant drag in animation, a bit of stuttery home page changes, app drawer scrolling, web page browsing, and it's not snappy in opening some apps. If you put this chipset in an iphone or a Windows phone, it will probably run laps around this Photon.  In terms of multi-tasking and app management, it's horrible. You don't know for sure whether "closing" an app really closed the app. Certain apps like the Music app will continue to keep playing music even if you go back to the home screen and open another app, but then if you pause it and press the back button to go Home, then it will quit... But what if you just wanted to pause, go read your email, then come back to listening music?  Also once you open an app, in most cases the app remains running in the background even if you think you exited out of it. Just check the list of running tasks and you'll see apps still running, which only contributes to battery drain and phone lag. Even if you never opened Pandora for example, sometimes when you check the running apps, it's running, sometimes it's not. it's the design inconsistencies like this that really brings this phone and other Android phones down.  In terms of app management, I've yet to see any OS/UI that is better than the ill-fated webOS. Note, as of this writing, Gingerbread is 2 versions behind - Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0.x) and the latest Jellybean (Android 4.1, 4.2) - but there's no update from Sprint/Motorola and if you're considering this phone, know that you'll be stuck with Gingerbread (Android 2.3.x). More on this later.I can manage to get through the day on a charge but for those times, I do have a spare aftermarket battery. It is nice that you can swap out the battery, as with SIM and microSD card. All phones should be able to do those. All phones. This non-changeable battery concept Apple started way back when is just crazy. As of Sept 2012, Motorola has announced that many of it's phones originally promised to get the ICS update (nevermind that Jellybean is out already) will in fact NOT get it. Photon is a casualty of relatively small user base, not being a flagship like Razr series, and Moto-Google's finger. This is the sad state of Android fragmentation, carrier interference, and OEM skinning. It's the frustrating state of the US mobile phone industry.Sprint 4G Wimax is far from perfect but when it work, it works acceptably well and in terms of raw speed is way faster than Sprint's dismal, over-taxed 3G network. But the technological limitations of Wimax is that it cannot penetrate through buildings well. In my area, Wimax is great outdoors but generally poor indoors (more so if you're surrounded by walls). If the reception is good, I can get over 10mbps down. If bad, then it's under 1mbps which put it in the same ballpark as Sprint's 3g. It will do you no comfort to learn that while you can install custom ROMs (i.e. Cyanogenmod) for ICS and Jellybean, this will require unlocking the bootloader and when you do, you will lose 4G. Some may be fine with that but not me. I absolutely cannot lose 4G. Motorola can do us a favor and remove this silly bootloader lock, esp since they're keeping Photon owners stuck on Gingerbread...How about LTE? Photon cannot make use of this newer implementation of 4G unfortunately. The successor, Photon Q, is indeed an LTE phone and remains a world phone like the original. However it is more expensive and b/c of the newly added slide-out qwerty keyboard (unnecessary IMO), it is thicker and feels bulky. It is unclear when Sprint will pull the plug on Wimax and supposedly they'll keep it in service for a long while so you don't really need to worry about it. If so, if you can find a Photon for cheap and for one reason or another must remain on Sprint like me and want a non-iphone phone you can use overseas, Photon is not a bad phone.

had original Photon I bought for over 2 years before it had any issues. Great phone great features, and tough to boot. I just bought this replacement and its in perfect working condition. Cheaper than going through insurance through Sprint.

I'm not a power user of these smartphones....I just wanted a phone that worked well and something that could provide me with live TV.  The Motorola Photon 4G Android is a winner on both counts.  I am a news junkie and the "CNN app" that is so highly touted just didn't do the job for me.  So, I junked my Verizon contract and signed up for Sprint due to their "Sprint TV and Movies" pre-loaded application.  I am very pleased.  It comes with several free live channels, though most of the "live" offerings, (such as ESPN, and ABC) are recordings of previous shows.  However, for $10 a month extra you can get a package containing real CNBC, MSNBC, and others live as they are being broadcast.  That package also contains the Discovery Channel and some other things I'll probably never watch.  But if you want to catch late-breaking news stories, a phone with this Sprint package is the one to get.  And, yes, the Photon's screen is a good size with great video quality.  Very impressive.  It takes great pictures and video, too, though I don't use those features very much.  If you are an Android user, the interface is the same.  I previously owned the second iteration of the Droid and that phone kept accidentally calling my presets in the phone application when in my pocket.  Very annoying.  The Photon is less prone to accidental button pushes.  It has a nice mini-HDMI output which is handy if you want to watch something on a larger screen, but beware...the quality on that screen will suffer.  A nice touch is the phone's included chrome kickstand which allows you to watch the video without some third-party application or case.  Battery life so far seems excellent.  I was able to watch more than three straight hours of live video with the supplied battery and a higher capacity battery is available.I've had the phone less than a week, but I give it a best-of-phones rating.  I did a lot of comparison shopping, both in-store, and on-line, and the Photon won out.  Yes, I held the nice new Motorola RAZR in my hand, but the thinness is not worth the extra money to me.  They wanted $260 out the door at Best Buy for the RAZR vs. a deal I got for $90 for the Photon.  I feel my Photon is more secure.  The RAZR just felt like it could crack in half if you dropped it.  4G connectivity is great, though I would expect that here in the greater Los Angeles basin.I highly recommend this Motorola Photon 4G and especially Sprint's unlimited plans.  I get unlimited data and texting for $80 a month plus another $10 for that upgraded live video package and still save money from the old Verizon contract.You wont go wrong with the Photon.

I would not describe myself as "technically savvy," and I'm finding Motorola Photon very easy to use and reliable.  I tried the Motorola EXPRT for three weeks and went through three phones before giving up.  It was with the EXPRT that I had the problems described here:  not being able to hear or be heard on incoming calls and the phone would reboot when I tried to call the caller back.  I'm not having this problem with the Photon and am, in fact, very happy with the quality of the phone's sound and reception.  I've also been receiving consistent four and five bar reception on my Photon, and I have traveled with this phone experiencing similar results.  I've been a Sprint customer for over ten years, and my problem with the EXPRT was the first issue I have had with any of their devices or reception.  The Sprint reps were more than courteous when I received my two replacement EXPRTs and changed to the Photon.  I have no complaints with their handling of my problems.Here are my thoughts and experiences with the Photon.  I'll leave the technicalities to reviewers who know more about these things than me. These comments are just about how "user friendly" I find the Photon, and you can ignore #1 should an international feature not be important to you.  You should consider it, however, as you will read in the first paragraph:1) I was upgrading from the Blackberry Tour, and first on my list of "wants" was that the phone have international capabilities.  The EVO and other Sprint phones do not, and after being stranded at Charles De Gaulle airport for thirty one hours several years ago, I never travel without an international phone.  I think this is an important feature for any phone user as this is not an "add on" should the opportunity for international travel arise.  When traveling, a working phone is a safety and security issue, as well as a link to family and friends.When traveling internationally, the Photon's SIM card can be replaced by a prepaid local provider's card (Lebara, for instance in England and France).  As an example, changing the SIM card reduces my cost per call by $1.20/minute in France.  The new Sprint phones are not locked to the Sprint network, and I found that Sprint's international department was very helpful and receptive to my doing this.  As an FYI to anyone interested in learning more, here is the number I called for this information:  1-888-226-7212.  For more info on the Lebara card, go the the France forum on Trip Advisor, do a search for Lebara and sort "By Date."  There are several recent discussions on this topic.The point here is that the Photon has these capabilitiesm and the EVO and other Sprint phones do not.  When you call Sprint International, they will give you instructions for changing a phone's settings to the international mode and will add international service to the caller's plan.  This service can be temporary, so you do not pay for international service if you are not using it.  Not following these steps may be the problem some users have when they experience difficulty with their international phone outside the country.  To save on emails and other operations, you can download local WiFi's (the one used by your hotel or apartment rental, for example), and "Heywire" can save you on roaming text charges.  An international SIM card and "Heywire" may (and probably will) mean a temporary change in a phone number, but travelers can deal with that by notifying their contacts.I learned all of this from the Sprint International representative, and I find that Sprint is very receptive to helping me save money outside their network.2) I was having difficulty reading my emails on the small Blackberry screen, and I'm very happy with the size of the screen on the Photon.  Yes, the phone is a bit heavy, but I'm okay with that.  The phone goes into my purse, and I would be happy with a tablet if I could talk on one!3) As for the "slippery" case, I found that I really like a protective gel cover on both my Blackberry and now, my new Photon.  These are inexpensive, and in a color, these covers make my phone easy to spot, especially in a pile of cell phones on a counter or desk or buried inside a purse or tote.  I bought a cover when I received my Photon, so "slippery" has not been an issue for me.4) The Photon's convenient kick stand works in either direction, landscape or portrait, but it is, admittedly, more steady in the landscape position.5) I really liked the positioning and style of the keyboard on the EXPRT.  It was similar to the Blackberry's, and I had a larger Android screen.  Unfortunately, the EXPRT phone didn't work for me on incoming calls, and I had reservations about the keyboard when I switched to the Photon.  In the beginning, I had trouble hitting the correct keys on the flat screen (in both the portrait and landscape positions), but this went away once I discovered "Swype."  It's the key with the blue exaggerated "S" symbol on the bottom left of the key board.  By choosing "Swype," you simply drag your finger across the letters you want, and Swype either enters the word in the text or gives you a choice of entries.  Somehow "Swype" gets to know you and anticipates what you are trying to do.  This is especially convenient when entering people and street names that may be specific to your entries.  Composing emails and entering browser searches are now very easy, and I'm happy with the change from the raised keyboard.6) The Photon's battery life is not what it was on my Blackberry, but I don't think this is unusual on larger screen devices.  I've learned to live with it, keeping my phone charging when I'm home and in the car.  To lessen the drain on the battery, I read somewhere to go to "Task Manager" and change my app settings to "Auto End."  On Androids, apps can apparently continue to run while your screen is black, and changing these settings helps prolong the life of your battery.  I haven't done this long enough to know how effective this will be, but it sounds reasonable to me.7) I really like the drag down notification bar at the top of my Photon screen.  This allows easy access to whatever is going on inside my phone, ie: emails, voice messages, updates, etc.8  I am very happy to have a phone with an HDMI input and 4G capability.  As I've said, I'm not technically savvy and don't yet know how I will use a HDMI connection, but I'm glad it's there.  4G is not yet available in my area, but it's coming and I wanted a phone that could operate this frequency.  When upgrading a phone, I think it's a good idea to get as many new and coming technical features as you can, even if you may not see a use for them at the time.  I used to think I didn't need a camera...9) The only thing I'm having trouble getting used to is the screen's glare when I am in sunlight and the smudges that just come with a touch screen.  I had a screen protector on my EXPRT and found it somewhat solved these issues.  Now that I'm settling into my Photon, I've ordered a protector for my new phone.  Shattered screens are a risk on larger screens if a phone is dropped, and I've been in the store when people have come in with this problem on a number of different Android models.  I don't know if this is valid, but it makes sense to me that the screen cover will lessen the shock to the screen when the phone takes a tumble, somewhat like the difference between regular and tempered glass.Sorry to go on so long, but I hope these comments helps someone who may be considering the Photon.  My service area has not upgraded to the 4G network, and perhaps some of the problems others are experiencing are coming as this network is being put in place.  One way or another, Sprint gives you thirty days to trade in your upgrade, so IMO, the Photon is worth a try.  As we all know when we travel, every cell phone company has its pros and cons when you move in and out of different service areas.  Gather a group of people coming from different parts of the country using different providers, and someone is likely to experience a difficulty that they don't have in their home territory.  I think the answer is to decide what you can live with and resolve the issues that you can.  Hence, I can live with the weight, I use phone covers and I've allowed myself time to get to know the phone better, especially in how I use the keyboard and deal with the battery life.  When all is said and done, I am a happy camper with my new Photon.I'm now several weeks into my use of the Motorola Photon, and I'm still happy except for the way it performed on my travel to the south of France in September.  Admittedly, Sprint was upfront about not having a roaming partner in France, but it took working with a Sprint tech rep to get any kind of service.  We did it, but were never able to download the local WiFi.  I did not have these problems with the Blackberry I carried last year.  In a follow up call, I was told that this was a "known issue" with this new phone, and later updates may have corrected this problem.  The Photon was introduced a few weeks before my travel, so I'll give it a go and look to other reviewers to determine if the technical bugs were worked out.  Downloading a local WiFi matters because it takes you off a carrier's roaming data rate.  I wasn't traveling when this was an issue, but if any kind of download communication matters to you, not being able to connect to local WiFi's can be expensive.I made a few short phone calls and knew before I traveled that I would pay the roaming fee.  I have received my bill for the period I was traveling and did not have any surprises.  I'm traveling to South Africa over Thanksgiving where there is a Sprint partner, so I'll report back after that trip.  I'm not likely to make phone calls (my nearest and dearest will be traveling with me!), but I'll be looking for the WiFi download at our destination.Home based phone and data quality is still excellent.  Since purchasing the Photon, I've driven to Rhode Island through Maryland, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York (including NYC) and Connecticut from my home in Kentucky.  The signal over Kentucky and West Virgina mountain ranges dipped only when I was in deep valleys.  The GPS lost me in these low lying areas, but picked me up as I drove to higher ground.  Again, I was good with it.This has been an unusual travel season for me, but I wanted to share my experiences in different locations.  A working phone when I travel is important to me, and someone is looking for how this phone might perform for them when they are away from their home service area.  I'm an empty nesting mom who travels, sometimes on my own, and not being able to communicate with my husband and family can be very unsettling.As for the battery life, I have found that by limiting my email deliveries to my Gmail "Priority Inbox" slowed my battery usage tremendously.  You can do this through your email settings.

These days it's so hard to find a smartphone that does it all meaning call reception a big #1, battery life #2, 3G & 4G(some areas) data speeds, web browsing, speaker volume & email accounts...The Photon 4G has all this working flawlessly for me unlike the Evo 3D I had and sold to get this AMAZING well built speed machine.I live in a bad signal area where getting 4 bars at home will be a miracle :) I had the Evo 4G, Epic 4G & Evo 3D all failed to get even 3 bars in my home all I got from them was 0 to 2 bars. When talking to family over the phone I get disconnected all the time and be forced to stay by the window with my head almost sticking out just to get a strong signal...this happened on all prior phones I had, now with the Photon 4G I get an unbelievable 4 or 5 bars sometimes full with absolutely no disconnects while talking which never happened with any smartphone I purchased living here.Everyone that I talked to hears me loud & clear and vice versa using either the bluetooth earpiece or phone itself, some say I sounded clearer when using the speaker. At work I get to test 3G & 4G where 4G towers are close by and I get very fast data speeds on 3G and of course even faster speeds on 4G, I browsed youtube, fox.com and downloaded apps with no issues at all. Web browsing on this phone is the best I ever experienced, Adobe Flash works flawlessly with the Photon 4G, flash sites that didn't work on the 3D worked perfect on the MoPho( I did not come up with this nick) lol...Wifi is very strong and downloading apps or browsing has never been faster.Speaker volume is loud and clear unlike the 3D which was very low and sounded very cheap, battery Life is by far the best on a smartphone to date. Camera takes some nice quality pics although I think the 3D's cam was slightly better...only thing I miss from the 3D was Sense 3.0 UI which was amazing, the Photon has Motoblur or Ghostblur not sure what is called either way htc Sense 3.0 was better and I was forced to download a Launcher from the Market which made me feel a lot better not having Sense. NVIDIA Tegra 2 Dual Core processor makes this phone very snappy with no lag...If you want a smartphone that does it all well the Photon 4G should be your choice! Oh and to end my review its also a World Phone, I call that doing it all :)

I am IN LOVE with this phone. I was so unsure about switching from the Blackberry and was kinda upset that Sprint didn't have the iPhone (they now do - but I would still pick this phone over the iPhone!). I was also very unsure about touch screen, since I really was not a fan. I'm so happy I got the Photon, it was so worth it and I absolutely love it. Of course, I couldn't use it for the first hour I had it but now I don't even know how to work a Blackberry anymore. This phone was so enviable it was stolen from me, so I quickly hopped on the internet and paid a fortune for a new one and had it sent to the UK (living in London this year) just because I love it so much! The battery life is less than ideal, so I downloaded the data regulator app which does help. Takes great pictures, great screen size and resolution. The screen is also bigger than the iPhone's, and the Photon isn't near as thick! The gorilla glass is so helpful to have as well. I found setting up one of my email addresses to be a little difficult, but that's not the OS's fault. Great organization, love all the different screens and everything. Don't think - just buy it.

This phone has all the specs that folks like to brag about but as a phone largely sucks.My use: Primary phone for business provided by my co. Routine email, calling and messaging.Battery life: Won't last a day. Lucky if it lasts more than 6 hrs. Some days get only 4 hours with only about an hour of calls, no video, no browsing. The only way to get it to last is to constantly go into tasks and shut stuff off. It won't stay off so you'll have to repeat several times a day.4G capability: I live in Chicago where reception should be good. Rarely connects 4G. More often that not have to click through menus to connect manually. When it does connect drains battery at twice rate of 3G. See above.GPS navigation. Included app works well but drains battery faster than car charger can charge the phone.Camera: Claims 8 megapixels. Every photo I've taken tends to be blurry and darker than expected. Better bring a point and shoot.Android: My first Android phone. Will be my last. Much uglier interface than iPhone. Even the icons are poorly conceived and make no sense (a pair of goggles is voicemail?) Useability poor even when compared to the crappy old Windows mobile I had two years ago. Things that should be easy and intuitive are neither. I've had to search the internet to find how to do simple things (move icons, delete programs--Sprint loads a lot of crapware.) Other stuff just does not work at all. Examples: Keyboard in portrait mode is completely useless. Miss identifies almost every key stroke. Cannot accept meeting notices in e-mail. Option that is supposed to exist for this in the menus does not. Doesn't even ship with alternative wallpaper to replace the hideous Sprint default. Have to download from internet and take your chances with malware.Security: Stories of malware on Android vs iPhone are scary. Carriers also free to mess mess up as they see fit. Witness recent Carrier IQ fiasco.Conclusion: There is a reason why Google gives Android to carriers for free. Not worth much more than that. Prime reason I would never buy this phone.

Is a good phone, everything's ok! my little problem was that i'm not Sprint user and the cellphone has a lot of apps for sprint, but i rooted and uninstalled them to get more free space! :)

Here's why I rate it five stars! Very happy with this purchase.1. Must be able to first and foremost act as a phoneEasy to dial numbers while driving (10 speed dials plus voice commands -- CHECK!Call quality (audio quality, volume, speakerphone, microphone quality as reported by people I call)  -- CHECK!3. Battery Life -- 8.3h talk time... wish it was as good as non smart phones, but PASSES muster4. Calendar  -- CHECK!5. Camera quality -- CHECK!6. Speed -- Dual core -- CHECK!7. Kickstand -- cool!  -- CHECK!6. Front Camera --  -- CHECK! Video calls with Tango too  -- CHECK!7. Synced with iTunes without any monkey business (except pre-2009 purchases)  -- CHECK!8. Auto - dim  -- CHECK!9. Thin profile, bright screen  -- CHECK!10. Android... after spending 30 days with Android and then going back to an Iphone 4... it's like going through a time warp back in time. I have my phone UI customized just the way I like it with the right apps to modify the UI in ways that help me... "Thumb keyboard" by beansoft really improves the experience tremendously.Plus -- as a side note -- I accidentally dropped this phone into a bowl of water... it was submersed for 3 seconds and came out of the water still working and no issues after the cameras de-fogged. Might just be luck on that one!

This phone met all my expectations in terms of what I read about it, but the fact that its driven by a tegra2  processor  means its incompatible with standard apps like hulu, skype and google talk.  I'm not sure if these companies will be making updates, so I'm waiting 2 weeks to return the phone.

It has been many years since I got a new phone.  Though my old one could connect to the internet, it was not a smart phone.  Consequently, I did A LOT of research before I finally made a decision. This phone has great connectivity---gettting a signal in areas where others failed.  I live in an area where the coverage is a bit spotty and this thing performs like a champ. It looks good, has a great screen, has an easy-to-use interface, seamlessly connects to WiFi (if so desired), and the dual core processor is very fast. Though I am by no means a "power user," as a college professor, I needed a phone that could handle the volume of exchange email and easily connect me to my on-line courses.  This phone does all of that.  I can even play my flash-based videos that are a part of my distance education course. I could not be more happy with my purchase.

I had this phone for 4 months when the camera ceased working.  I tried to trouble-shoot it using the Motorola support site...their expert employee was condescending and useless.  Nearly a year later, they still haven't solved the problem of the camera function randomly quitting on this phone ("Camera failed to initialize" is the error message).  I returned the phone to Best Buy and received my refurbished replacement (I didn't realize it was a refurb; silly me assumed they'd replace a new phone with a new phone...I know better now).  The replacement worked for 5 months, and now it is simply and utterly dead.  It boots to the initial start screen and freezes, or it doesn't even get that far, and it doesn't register being plugged into the wall charger.  This colossal crash happened AS I was taking a photo with it.  I haven't dropped it, didn't expose it to water or high heat or extreme cold.So if you're lucky enough to get one without bugs, this is a great phone.  With the bugs, however...you may end up yearning to hurl the thing into the ocean.Definitely not worth the price.

I had the phone for about two weeks.  Half of the texts I tried to send out wouldn't go through.  I've heard that probably about 90% of the texts that people were sending me never showed up at all.  I've also learned that I was not receiving voice mail messages that people had left for me. The last couple of days I could only make about half of my outgoing calls.  Who knows how many calls I never received.  Today I went into Sprint to return the phone and another customer was returning his Motorola Photon for the same exact reasons.  I've lived in the same area with the same cell phone service for years and I have never had this problem with any of my other cell phones.  I replaced the phone with a Samsung and 48 texts and numerous voice mail messages that I didn't get while I had the Photon immediately came through proving that it was a phone problem.

Very Dissappointed This phone is Junk I was told by Sprint 11-12 hour battery life. Im charging this phone 4 times a day cant wait to get an I phone 5

I travel extensively on a daily basis from urban to rural areas. Even in urban areas the Motorola Photon has extremely poor reception. Also I have had a number of software issues. The last major update (128 mb) I had to take it back to the store to get the update done as it failed four times while I tried to do it.We live in a hilly rural area. My wife can cruise on her Samsung cell phone using Facebook while the Motorola Photon is showing only one bar of reception.I have also found utilizing some apps the phone will crash.When utilizing GPS and a mapping program, it will drain the standard battery in about an hour.The front facing camera is only good for out to six feet, past that it is horrible.

I'm still loving my Photon. I'm now eligible for upgrade but plan to just settle in for another year or two. Haven't seen any new phones worth jumping to... S3, S4 (don't like Samsung interface), HTC Evo 4G LTE, HTC One (like Sense but not too keen on non-replaceable battery). Plus, I have a Bionic lapdock and cardock for the Photon. Being stuck on Android 2.3.5 isn't an issue (yet anyway) and frankly I haven't seen much advantage to 4.0+ as implemented on my wife's Samsung S2 Touch. I wonder too how long it takes to charge the new larger batteries on the new phones; I suppose I'd have to update to higher amperage chargers (we have lots of Motorola car chargers and Blackberry home chargers, both micro USB, bought for cheap here at Amazon). The Photon's reception on all modes (phone, 3G, and WiFi, and possibly 4G) is stellar, better than that for my wife's S2. Sprint's coverage with WiMax 4G is not great and thus we have not benefited at all from this; LTE, assuming its coverage will be better than WiMax would be a reason to switch phones at some point. But I'm getting good speeds on 3G, sufficient for video streaming for example.My battery life has been consistently great, far better than my wife's S2, which she continually has plugged in wherever we are. I have traveled and benefited from the GSM option.There may be aspects of Android 4.0+ which are worthwhile, but I suspect I have found workarounds already. I abandoned the native browser long ago for Xscope, then Miren, now Boat or Boat Mini, which provide a Windows/tab feel more intuitive for computer users, support Flash, and do surprisingly well with full desktop rendering. I have Hulu Plus working. I defeated the annoyingly loud camera shutter click.At 1.5 years now, I notice the battery not holding its charge as well as before. Battery life was 12-36 hours when new; now it's probably 8-18 hours. I see listings on Amazon for replacement batteries and intend to buy one soon.Found the perfect case on my second try, the Diztronic(sp?) TPU case here on Amazon. It fits tightly, protecting and keeping some dust out.In summary, I'm just very happy with this phone. Hoping it lasts several more years.

I have only had it for a week. so far so good. only pblm is that the battery drains realy fast, but I did expect that.  more updates to come later.

If Sprint wasn't lame I would have saved money and bought this through Amazon. Awesome phone. Just rooted/unlocked it and lots of goodies on the way. By far the solid radio exceeds expectations and the kickstand is just the cherry on top. Get this phone, you will not regret it. The other reviewer sounds like he just got unlucky.Updated: 4/19/2012 - Phone is still running strong. Got the lapdock too which is handy. Phone is so beastly. It will easily last through my next upgrade. What a great device.

I purchased the EVO when it first came out last year and loved it.  It was the first smart phone of it's kind I had ever owned.  First android device as well.  I loved it.  The camera, the kickstand, the UI, as well as the button placement.  However, after a years use it started constantly rebooting and having problems.  I upgraded to the Photon as soon as I could.  I must say, this phone blows the Evo out of the water.  Obviously just by comparing specs you would hope that it would.  1ghz dual core tegra 2 processor with 1GB of ram,motoblur UI.  I realize it's aimed more towards business users but I think it's great for my uses as well.  The screen is very nice and bright.  I am actually able to see it outside in sunlight, where as the Evo I couldn't.  Moving between apps is a breeze with the processing power that this phone has, I haven't had it lag yet.  The camera seems to be about the same as the EVO, I can't tell a huge difference but they were great to begin with.  BATTERY LIFE, BATTERY LIFE, BATTERY LIFE.  I cannot stress this part enough.  The biggest, noticeable upgrade is the battery life.  The EVO was horrible at this and struggled so hard to be a phone that could make it through the work day.  I had to manage and control so many things to get that phone through the day.  With the Photon I don't have to worry about a thing!  It's still up as I type this and looking at the battery information it has 1d 0h 25m.  That's with moderate texting, internet browsing,facebook, and app downloading.  Of course, unlike the EVO, I have a lot of things left on like background downloader, auto updates, etc.  The only thing I've managed is the screen brightness which is turned down below half and the timeout of the screen(30 seconds vs a minute).  By default I think the battery mode is set to nighttime saver because I never changed it to that myself.  I'll have to see what it's like in performance mode.Enough about the pros, on to the cons.The camera does not have a way to turn the shutter sound off.  I've tried searching on the android websites and people have not yet found a way to do this without an app or rooting the phone.  It's also VERY LOUD.  Not sure why they did this, other then for privacy reasons, but it's rather annoying.  The virtual keyboard doesn't have arrows to move around with like my EVO did.  It was nice to use that rather then touch the screen and move the pointer where I'm trying to place it. After using my EVO for so long, I got used to the button placement on the bottom underneath the screen.  On this phone, the home screen button has been moved over.  It's not a huge thing, but I just wanted to mention it.Despite the minor things, it's all in all a very well built phone.  Very pleased with my purchase.  The camera shutter sound is actually the reason it's 4 out of 5 stars.  That annoyance alone knocks off a star.*************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************Edit as of 8/12/11:  There is an issue with Photons and I'm not sure if it's all of them but I have found via a Google search that a lot of them are having the same problem as mine.  The phone will not allow you to hear outgoing or incoming calls until a reboot.  For my phone, it requires a reboot EVERY CALL I MAKE.  Some reports say it only happens on some calls but mine, I guess I'm lucky and have to do it for every call.  VERY frustrating.  Go Google it and you will see this is the fix for the moment until a software release later this month(no exact ETA that I saw).  Phone worked great for 3 days and then this started happening.  Text messages worked fine the entire time, as well as everything else, just strictly phone calls.  Just wanted to let everyone know.  I will keep you posted.********************************************************************Edit as of 8/22/11:  The issue with the phone not having sound during calls doesn't seem to be every call anymore but it is still happening.  So it still hasn't been fixed from what I can tell but I did want to edit that it isn't every phone call anymore.  It kind of chooses when it acts up rather.  I also wanted to edit the kickstand comment I made.  I stand corrected, it can work in both directions as well as standing up.  So ignore that comment.  Hopefully this issue with the calls will be resolved soon and this will be an outstanding phone once again!*********************************************************************Final update 9/06/11:  The update has been out for a few days now but I just wanted to be sure before I updated this.  Phone appears to be working after the latest update.  Every phone call I have made, over many days, have worked without an issue.  Wonderful phone once again.

I'm not going to repeat all the positives of the phone that others covered.  I wanted to let everyone know that there is a known issue with some of the Photons.  Every other day, I can't receive or make calls.  Only way to fix this currently is to restart the device.  I just spoke to Sprint and they confirmed its a known issue and rebooting is only current option.They claim there will eventually be a software patch, but no timeline yet.Apparently it doesn't happen with all of the phones since I don't see any other comments online about it.  Hopefully if I can replace the phone through amazon the other one won't have this issue.Other than that, its a good device.  Battery life isn't great, but that's to be expected I guess.

I've owned a Photon for a couple weeks now; I moved away from the slow speed and horrible battery life of an iPhone 3G.  My opinion at this point is mixed on the Photon; it's not quite the phone I was expecting.Pros: beautiful, sleek interface; very fast (definate plus); love the open market and the ability to build my own apps for it (I'm a software developer).Cons: absolutely horrible battery life, almost as bad as the iPhone, even with WiFi shut off.  If using WiFi, carry your charger with you.  Period.  Also the Motorola software (both Mac and PC) is horrible; a much better file manager is needed from somewhere.I'll live with the Photon for my 2 year contract because I really do like the beautiful interface, but having to carry around a charger is something I thought I was done with given other reviews of this phone.

As a business user two real important factors in a phone for me were call quality and battery life.  Having used the Evo for the past year and a half, I had the itch to upgrade and picked up this phone after my disappointment with the Evo 3D.For a business Android phone, the Photon was really my only dual core option with Sprint;I had upgraded my original Evo to the Evo 3D and was extremely disappointed.- Call quality and batter life were very poor, even in comparison to my older Evo- I was in San Diego for comic con and my phone would leave my charger at 7am and be dead before 1pm.- This is with only making 1-2 calls and no internet surfing, minimal texting.- That was with GPS / Bluetooth / 4G turned off.I need a phone that can last the work day and the Motorola Photon does not disappoint.- I was easily able to make a large amount of calls, text, email and still have 25-40% left on the battery (7am-6:30pm)- This is with Bluetooth and GPS on the whole time.- Phone also did not get as hot as the Evo 3DThere is a very significant difference in call quality between the evo 3d and the Photon.- Both voice and speakerphone were signifcantly better with the Photon.- Signal reception was the best of any Sprint Phone I have owned (i.e. was able to get 4G Data in spots where my Evo or Evo 3D could not)I like the way the phone looks cosmetically.- Build quality is solid, but not a big fan of the back of the phone- Screen quality is very good.  (i.e. Great Color and Contrast, but you do notice the "Pixalated" look at times)The Doc Station is a nice touch- Purchased the Doc Station (Which by the way sells for $99.00 right now at Sprint, not $129)- Sprint Silver Premier customers can save 25% if they buy two accessoires (i.e. got the doc station and case, which, after discounts, was like getting the case for free)- Hooked right up to my HD TV via HDMIBottom line is that HTC has the best user interface (HTC Sense), and while the Evo 3D was a really impressive phone, it just wasn't good for me as a business user.  I definitly gave up some things switching to the Photon (3D, better user interface), but at the end of the day I needed a business tool not a toy, and the difference in call quality and battery life justified the switch for me and I am happy so far.Here are some Head to Head Reviews[...]

I have had the Motorola Photon for two weeks now after upgrading from an HTC Evo 4G.  Let me preface this by saying I loved my Evo; I got it on launch day and it was a great phone for the time I had it.  However, my original unit went haywire after nine months and the replacement was... quirky.  Nonetheless, I would have kept it had the Photon not come along, as I wasn't overly impressed by the Evo 3D.  So what made me give up my beloved Evo for the Photon?1. Call quality: The Photon has amazing call quality.  Voices are loud, sharp and clear, and people on the other end report no noise or garbled speech.  My Evo sounded like a toy compared to the Photon.  A note on call quality: some people reported a "silent call" bug where they would connect a call but hear nothing, and this was admittedly a problem for a small number of users.  However, Sprint recently released an update that seems to have fixed this issue for the majority of those suffering from it (for the record, I never did).2. Battery life: I got good at managing my Evo's battery and could go a whole day with moderate use.  I don't really worry about that with the Photon, however.  Aside from some minor adjustments to app settings, I have done very little battery tweaking and it easily lasts all day with moderate to heavy use.  It also has some basic battery management settings (reducing load at night is the default), something the Evo lacked.3. The screen: The screen has great brightness and clarity, with good color.  It also has a functioning auto-brightness function, something I gave up on using on my Evo after one week.  The Photon's screen is easily visible under the direct summer sun, something my Evo struggled with.  It's also more energy efficient than the Evo, helping reduce battery drain with equivalent brightness.  HOWEVER: the screen is what's known as a PenTile screen, a different display technology than what many people are used to.  This results in a pixelated appearance if you're not used to it.  When I first looked at the Photon, I thought the screen looked terrible.  After playing with some other phones and taking a second look at the Photon, however, I didn't notice it as much.  Now, after two weeks, I only notice it if I look for it.  When I powered my Evo up to wipe it in preparation for selling it, I was struck by how dull and muddy a screen I once considered gorgeous looked to my eyes.  I recommend looking at the Photon in person before you buy it, and do it more than once if you notice the pixelation from the start.4. Speed: It's fast.  Everything seems faster than my Evo: boot up, browsing, launching apps, scrolling through screens, turning on the 4G antenna.  Whatever I throw at it, the Photon handles.  The few times it did lag was due to an app misbehaving, nothing a quick force close couldn't fix.5. Signal strength: it's hard to compare across phones without a cell signal strength app (which I have not bothered with), but the Photon seems more stable than my Evo.  The only times I've lost a call was talking to another cell phone user, and it was their location that caused it.  My Evo was pretty solid in this regard, so for the Photon to surpass it really impresses me.6. Build quality: the Photon is light but solid.  It's comfortable to hold and the Gorilla Glass screen is not only durable but beautiful as well, with a very subtle taper where it meets the bezel.  Note this does make a little gap that can attract pocket lint, but it's easy enough to blow out.  My Evo was a joy to hold as well, but like many early adopters mine had minor cosmetic issues that I just don't see on the Photon.7. It's Android!: not a plus over the Evo, of course, but I wanted to point it out as it means the phone is incredibly customizable compared to other phone OSes.  If you don't like Motorola's stock UI (and I'm not overly fond of it; HTC's Sense blows it out of the water), you can easily change or hide it and not worry about it at all.  Don't like the widgets?  Replace them!  Don't like the launcher?  Replace it!  Want a different lock screen?  Replace it!  Some people forget that the stock UI of any Android phone is not what you have to use.Overall, I'm very pleased with the Photon.  I do miss HTC Sense, but as I noted above it's easy to customize the UI to your liking.  The Photon is everything I loved about the Evo, only better.Oh, and for those for whom this is important...8. Root: the Photon has been rooted and the bootloader unlocked, all within about two weeks of its launch.  It will have good developer support.

The phone works great. Seats well in a hand. Only two problems. 1 &#8211; Motorola and Sprint promised to upgrade Android 2.3.5 to 4.0 or higher but broke the promise. Can&#8217;t unlock the bootloader. 2 &#8211; The photos taken by the phone camera are not as advertised. Expected much better photos. The video camera works great. Other than that I like the phone.

I honestly should have known better than to think Motorola could make a decent product. They seem to be great at making flashy crap with good specs...on paper. But that's where the quality ends, and it's no exception with the Photon. On paper this phone is awesome. Dual core processor, a gig of good quality RAM, 8 gigs of internal storage with an expandable micro SD slot, at the time the android OS was the newest one. The first of this phone I got broke in 2 days. Not physically broke, but the software wasn't working right. I had trouble with the wi-fi, and the phone would keep turning off and on all by itself. It wouldn't sync with the google server, which prevented my contacts from being backed up. There was some other crap, but it's been a year since I bought the phone, so I can't recall everything wrong. Anyways, I went back to Sprint and got a replacement phone. It worked great, for about a month, then all those problems started up again.Since it also wouldn't sync up with google, I didn't want to get a third one just to have all of my contacts and apps and settings lost yet again, so I held out until an update was available. Finally one came along and things worked...for about 2 months. And here we are several months later and the phone just gets worse every day. It still randomly turns itself off. I'll be in the middle of a call on my bluetooth and the phone will disconnect from the bluetooth. Then, in order to get it working again, I have to restart the phone. If I don't restart it, not only can I not make calls with the bluetooth, the phone actually will let me dial someone, connect the call, but not let me hear them through the handset unless I restart the phone. And of course, these phones are little computers, so it takes 5 minutes to restart.Half the time it won't even recognize a wi-fi signal coming from the router in my house that is sitting 4 feet away. I know the router is fine, because the other 4 devices that use it don't have a problem connecting. The phone also has a lovely habit of picking a day at random and deciding not to stay connected to any calls for more than 5 minutes. I can be driving on the highway where reception is no problem. The phone has full bars, but it will just start dropping the call, all while showing full reception. It has done this up to 7 times in a 40 minute drive, which stretches over a pretty wide range of San Diego.Of course, the phone issues aren't 100% motorola. Sprint's coverage is quite a nightmare as well. They make you pay $10 more a month for "premium data" and 4G coverage, but sprint doesn't have 4G in San Diego, and their 3G is so slow, I can't even use this so called premium data. The only time I can use the internet is when I manage to connect to my home wi-fi. And I sure as hell don't need to be paying Sprint for wi-fi that they aren't providing me with.Needless to say, once my contract is up, I am dropping Sprint and Motorola for good. I will just have to stick with Verizon and Samsung, because from what I'm seeing, those companies actually know how to do things right. I will happily pay a little more to a company that can offer me all of the things they are charging me for.

I will prefice this review with the fact that this is the first smartphone I have owned -- so I have a lot to learn.I didn't find it very intuitive at first -- simple things like texting and making phone calls and ending apps were difficult.The worst thing about the Photon 4G is battery life.  I have to turn almost everything off in order to make it 6-7 hrs.  It also gets very warm -- maybe that is normal for all smartphones.It is also very frustrating for me because I do not get even 2 bars at work or at home.  I was hoping this phone would get better connectivity.I am sure I will come to love the phone once I become a more informed and experienced user -- but struggling right now.I do love the screen and music sounds great through earbuds!

I got this phone for the simple fact that I was tired of the radio and antenna issues with HTC phones and Samsung phones. The Nexus S 4g(which me and the wife had) was the last straw and I knew I needed to go back to a tried & true manufacturer and one that is a master of a trade and not just a jack of a bunch of ones. Motorola may not have the so called flashy and smooth UI (even though I can't tell the difference...who focuses so much on a UI)of HTC and Samsung. Motorola knows how to make a fully fucntional phone that gets good reception whether it be wi-fi,1G,2G,3G, or 4G. Forget the additional features a phone has to be able to make a call and keep a signal, without that is a shiny useless paper weight. I'm going to stay with Motorola since I need a fully functional phone and not some shiny UI with features that don't work because my phone can't keep a decent signal.Pros:Reception with radios and antenna's is KingUI Plain and just does what is neededspeaker phone and mic makes crystal clear callsNotification lightBattery life for mine is goodCons:Camera's averageTo me the UI is not a con as if you want a touch wiz and sense Ui feel stick to samsung and HTC. If you want a phone that just works, with good features, and keeps a good signal this is a great one for you the MOTOROLA PHOTON. This phone is smooth with the Dual core Nvidia tegra 2 processors running the show. Some reviewers quote smoothness alot but smootheness is just ones ability to navigate the phone quickly and apps to lauch and run without a hitch. And guess what this phone does it.

I purchased three of these phones for a family data plan. I recently switched to Sprint from AT&T;, and decided I was done with Iphones and decided on the Photon 4G narrowly over the HTC Evo 3D. Setting them up was very simple, and had all three phones ported and working on my coffee table at home.However, one phone (the one ported to my phone number, of course) was problematic. Despite all three phones being brand new, this one phone did not behave exactly like the other two. Although signal is not the strongest inside my house, I was able to make phone calls out of and into the other two phones. The problem phone would attempt to make a call, connect through Sprint, but then would do nothing. No ringtone while dialing, no sound, despite the phone saying it was connected. It would even ring the other phone I was calling, and say it was connected, but couldn't talk to or hear the other phone. The same was true when calling this phone. The phone would ring, you could answer the phone call and the phone would say "connected", but you could not hear the other line, or talk to them. If you're curious, yes, all three phone had the current software and PRL on them.Sprint attempted to change some settings on the phone, which was fruitless. I took the phone into two different Sprint stores to no avail. I returned the phone, and its replacement worked without a hitch (thus far). After doing some research, I've read that others have had this problem with the phone, and they refer to it as a software glitch that can be solved with a phone restart. This phone did not respond to phone restarts to fix the problem. I can only assume that some of these phones from Motorola have some sporadic issues, which is why some people are so infuriated with the phone after receiving it.Therefore, when getting this phone, I would ensure it is working correctly since it seems that some of them are working incorrectly, for whatever reasons. Please note that despite the voice problems on the dysfunctional phone, data transfers worked flawlessly.Other than one problematic phone, I've been quite happy with it. It's fast, it's very loud, call clarity is generally good, and generally what other people have said about the phone's positives. I don't notice any screen clarity problems (being grainy, etc), and have used Netflix on the phone, and it looked great. Some people have complained about the charging ports being on the side of the phone resting on the surface when the kickstand is engaged - that was a compromise of design. Those ports are on that side for any dock that the phone uses (or will use) and isn't a concern if the phone is docked. I do have to say that the screen is very touchy, and for a guy with big fingers used to an Iphone display, its been a tad frustrating at times when typing because any slight touch of the screen can result in unintended input. I'm hoping that this will be remedied with the screen guard coming with the otterbox that I've purchased for the phone, as others have suggested it does. Battery life is generally good for a phone like this, certainly better than others have suggested is the case for the HTC phones. I can go an entire day on a single charge with about 1.5 hours of talk, an hour of web/data usage, and random email checking. The phone does require a daily charge though, which may be unappealing to some who are used to getting several days out of their phone on a single charge. Compared to the other "big" android phones on Sprint at the moment (HTC Evo 3D, Samsung Galaxy II), I think this phone is much sturdier in construction than the other two (especially the Samsung) and comparable in performance to the HTC Evo 3D. I think any of these three are good phones, and this one is certainly on the same level as the other two.Also note that the phone comes with a lot of junk software. An SD card will be a necessity if you plan on doing anything with the phone outside of just making calls. Only 2 GB (roughly) were free out of the 8 GB of internal storage with the pre-loaded software. This may not be an issue if you plan on rooting the phone, as it appears a lot of this stuff can be removed by rooting.Other than the learning curve from going from an Apple phone to an Android, this is a great phone, especially if Motorola can work out the kinks with some of these phones not working correctly.

What can you say about battery life nowadays, phone hardware is progressing faster than the batteries can keep up with so if you want a great phone packed with tons of features then battery life will suffer. I haven't experienced the horrible battery life some have mentioned. Just using it for phone calls and checking e-mail and web stuff mine lasts fine all day. I think with most smartphones we are getting used to charging them every night before bed. Hardware design is great, the rubberized backing makes it stay in your hand just fine even if it is a little sweaty sometimes. The screen looks incredibly sharp and very responsive. Games with the GPU look great as well. Everything is fast and the interface really isn't as bad as some say if you know how to customize your phone to it's potential. Overall I can say I will be gladly using this phone until my 2 year contract is up and seeing what is around the bend.

Four months ago my wife upgraded to the iPhone 4S 16GB and I got the Photon.  Her iPhone was supposed to have the improved battery life and screen size.  I knew the Photon would be good, but I didn't expect it to blow the iPhone out of the water.  The Photon's screen size and clarity is amazing.  The battery life is amazing.  It is very easy to use.  The phone quality is superb.  I have every app my wife has and she had to pay for some that were free on mine (via Amazon's daily deal).  No more face dialing; that sensor is awesome.  The phone never reboots, freezes, or anything of the sort.Cons: I've seen some complaints about battery life, but I get 10+ hours every day.  I've seen some complaints about speaker quality, but the speakers seem fine to me.  The only complaint that I will give any credit to is that the camera quality is lacking.  It is true that some of my photos are fuzzier than those taken with the iPhone, but you will quickly forgive that when you consider all of its advantages over the iPhone.

Nice, very sharp Hi-res 4.3" display.Works on both domestic and international frequencies as opposite to Bionic.Battery life could be better.Suggest to get Otter Photon case from Amazon.

I had the Evo 3d for 24 days, I had to returned the device, it had a horrible signal, it overheated a lot and the battery didn't last long.  Also it was not a simple phone to use, I found myself spending minutes trying to get to things, of course yes i know 24 days is not enough to master a phone if you are new to Android but I just felt that it was all over the place, it was hard for me to get used to it and also very sensitive.  Sometimes it will get hot charging or on heavy use, over all I felt that it was an unfinished phone.  And when a phone has a hard time doing its main job which is making phone calls, well you have to return it. In the other hand Photon is a very solid package it has the best antenna ever, whats the purpose of having 4G if you can't get no signal. It's very fast, easy to operate I go as far as saying it will give the Iphone a run for it's money. The design it very nice you can tell it apart from all the EVO clones that means a lot because people will notice it and give compliments.  It's camera is not the best but it's not the worse, 8mp but every picture has a blueish tint to it but it does take great pictures good enough for social media and I can live with that.  Applications, media player they run pretty good, all because of the dual processor. I honestly bought the phone to try out, I'm waiting for the arrival of the Galaxy S2, but I'm really impress with the phone the ease of use, the great signal it gets, the look and feel of it. except for the camera I will say this is the full package and the best Android on Sprint until now.  I will recommend, it will meet your expectations.  I will get technical but the normal user only cares if it does the job right.

I've had this phone since it first came out, and I love it.  I upgraded from the HTC hero so the increase in screen size was nice.  I really don't understand why Sprint didn't hype or advertise this phone like they did the Evo because this is a much better phone in my opinion.  It does take some used to getting used to the Motorola apps instead of using the HTC apps but this really blows the EVO phones away.  You will amazing video quality with this phone and it can also be docked to use with a laptop.  VERY underrated phone in my opinion, and I haven't had any of the issues that other people are complaining about.

Hello how are you, I am writing this to inform you that the phone has problems when it is turned on screen shows trallas when contre article had not said that now is not to do as I'm in the Dominican Republic.

I had this phone only briefly - but it worked wonderfully during that short time. It was my first Smart phone and with help from other Android users I was able to set up some basic functions fairly quickly.Unfortunately the great phone was paired with Sprint service and that's the real purpose of this review, to make potential Sprint customers aware of some issues which may affect them. I'm sure there will be comments that this is an inappropriate forum for a phone service review, but there's no other place available.I chose the Sprint Family plan, two lines, 1500 minutes and unlimited text and data. The Sprint coverage map shows excellent coverage for both where we live now and where we are building a home, about 12 miles away. Several Sprint employees assured me that if the coverage at the building site didn't work, I had the 14 day trial period to cancel the service with no penalty. I found the reality to be different.First, you must be aware that the 14 day trial of Sprint service begins the day you order the phone from Amazon. Not the day you call Sprint with phone in hand to get a number and "activate" it, and not even the day you receive the phone from UPS. Sprint says the phone is sent out "activated" and the day you order it is when the 14 day clock starts ticking. I wouldn't want to know what happens if the phone is lost during shipping. I guess you have two years of Sprint service to pay for and no phone. Also, it's not a free 14 day trial. I had a Sprint phone number for 24 hours and it cost me $50.11. I made about a dozen calls during that time, back and forth to the other phone in the family plan while I held both of them, learning to use the phone and set up a small contact list, then attempted a few calls to my husband the next day at the building site. No international calls, no roaming, etc. Two texts. Not even any data use. Just trying to figure out how to use the phones. While at the home site, the phone showed no bars and no calls could be made. One call received was dropped after a few seconds.So, for all the folks who are very satisfied with Sprint - good for you. It didn't work for me and I felt the information I was given was misleading. Different Sprint employees gave me different answers and the management team toes the corporate line with no interest in true customer service.  And, again, for those of you who have had a different experience with Sprint, good for you. It wasn't my experience.But hey,the Motorola Photon was great.

I'm enjoying many features of my new Motorola (now about to be Google) Photon, an upgrade to my former BlackBerry Curve 8330.  But there are some issues:1. When the phone arrived on a Friday, the battery wouldn't charge fully.  It would take enough charge to start up for 30 seconds or so, then shut off.  I called Amazon Wireless who quickly arranged to ship a replacement the following Monday.  I did some research in online forums and found a citation that some new batteries took a few cycles to take a charge so left the unit plugged in and on Sunday the battery had charged fully and I could start up the phone and cancel the replacement order.  Not working out of the box was annoying and time wasting for me, though Amazon Wireless's customer service were quick to respond.2. The device loses audio on phone calls ALL THE TIME.  You can try to place or answer a call and the Photon will report "connected" on the screen, but neither you nor the other party can hear anything.  The Motorola support forums report the company knows of the software problem that causes this to happen and is working on a maintenance release, but nothing short of rebooting the device several times a day allows it to work as a phone.  This is patently a DISSATISFIER.That said, the Photon is a swell device for general wireless internet access, with lots of functionality and access to the Android marketplace.  But if there's not a software fix from Motorola (imminently, a subsidiary of Google), mine will go back to Sprint under its 30-day return policy.  They'd better have a *lot* of room for returns.

I meant to purchase the Photon Q (It has the physical keyboard), but bought this one instead because of the similarities in name.  It was a decent phone while I had it though.

I've never had the same phone for two years, so when I was able to upgrade I wanted to make sure I could handle living with the phone for two years. I love android but hate the battery life of the phones. So when I saw that this phone had up to 10 hours of battery life, I was pretty much sold. I use my phone for almost everything. From weather to reminders and timers. I've heard that it over heats, freezes, crashes and dies within hours of it off the charger. So far I have had no problems with the battery's life. It has never froze or crashed on me and it has not over heated. It does get a bit warm if you tend to use it a lot though. If you get an app killer, the battery life lasts me about 10 to 12 hours. It's fast, stylish and has room for more space if you need it. It's made for people like me who use it for everyday things and business people. Everything can sync from your computer to your phone and vise versa. It's simply amazing.

I am a former WEBos user and this is my first Android Phone. All I can say is WOW! What a great job Motorola has done here. The phone is fast and fluid and relatively free of bloatware. I especially like the fact that this phone is actually a world phone and can be used when I go over seas. Android is extremely customizable and I bet you can find and app for anything you need. If your are looking for a high quality phone with a great user experience in my opinion you cant go wrong here.

I bought one of these about a month ago with a sprint contract. HUGH mistake. The phone is almost worthless. In my town I only get decent coverageabout half the time. GPS is worthless. Sprint tells me Motorola did an update and now the phone doesn't work like it used to. So why did you morons sell me the phone? The sales people tell me yes I know what you mean I get drop calls all the time ETC.So now Iam stuck with this crapy phone for two yrs. If I want WIFI it takes forever for the phone to connect. Sometime I have to get up and walk into the room where my antenna is before it can find the signal. No its not my WIFI other devices in the house have no trouble. The phone seems to have trouble finding and locking on to a signal. When I am at work driving the phone has a real hard time keeping connected to the network. SO! Before you think it might just be my phone and only my phone that has a problem, I gotta admit to you how stupid I am. I bought two one for my wife. It has the same issues.DON'T BUY This Phone!

I moved to the Motorola Photon 4g as it was time to upgrade from my HTC Hero. I was hesitant to leave the HTC brand but the HTC Evo 3D didn't meet my needs. The Photon is the best phone I've ever owned. I love the speed the dual processor provides but most of all I love the camera. I am a photographer and have many cameras but I find I use the Photon for panoramas - it works great - and a lot of other shots. The video is top notch. The screen on the Photon is great too - it is high resolution and all of my friends are blown away at the clarity.I removed the Moto Blur apps as they are clunky and annoying and replaced them with other free Android apps. The one thing I wish Motorola would fix is the shutter sound. I wish I could turn it down or even off.All in all, a great phone!

Buy this phone if you want to walk around all day with a charger in your pocket.Buy this phone if you want to hunt around airports for an electrical outlet to charge this phone.Buy this phone if you want to get off a plane and have to charge it before you can call someone who is there to pick you up.Buy this phone if you want to get cut off in the middle of a conversation with a customer.This is what my life is like with this phone. Motorola and Sprint can claim whatever they want but the reality of the situation is the battery will stay charged for 4 hours. Yes,4 hours.I bought this thing three weeks ago and regret it.

Sporting the Tegra 2 processor is the best feature of this phone.  It is insanely fast.  All the HD games perform so smoothly.  When they are interrupted by a text or call, it's goes right back to the game with ease.  It's simply amazing.Build quality is this phone's next best feature. Very solid build all around with top-notch metal buttons. The back has a hard plastic-rubber composite texture that gives the perfect grip without the excessive stickiness of rubber.Call quality is exactly what you'd expect from Moto.  It's as good, or perhaps better, then a traditional land-line handset.Con: Touch sensitivity of screen.  Though the screen sports a super high contrast in sunlight, I find the touch to be a little less sensitive and natural than others.  I often accidentally click on items while trying to scroll up and down.  Other than that, this thing is unreal.  I will only buy a tegra powered device for now on.

I had a slew of motorolas once.. had terrible luck with charging them.. The connecters would grow loose and it would become useless and I wasn't going to pay for an upgrade so I just had a revolving door relationship with t-mobile. . . In the end, my contract was up and I took an extended leave of absence from the cell phone market..Then, I got an htc hero and I was happy with it.. good little phone.. but it couldn't download angry birds (my son wanted it) and it had a small screen....... and it had only two way flip orientation...So, I added a line and got this.. I figured Google's just bought out motorola so they're going to start making it better.In the meantime, it has issues.I use the otterbox defender, (which is awesome, and I recommend it,) but when my phone locks up (which happens routinely) I have to go to extreme measures to remove the casings and access the battery to reset it. So, while motorola is not to blame for the effort I exert to access the battery, they are wholly responsible for me having to hard reset it all the time..The charger is pathetic. 3.3 feet. unless your outlet is halfway up your wall, you can't use the phone while it's plugged in.The battery IS good, it lasts noticeably long (unless you're online a lot or using lots of networks or apps...) and it has nice battery saver options.The camera is dreadful.. I have no idea how to control the flash, the shutter noise is loud and obnoxious and CAN'T BE TURNED OFF.. That makes the camera (one of the selling points I had for choosing this phone over others as it has 8mp or more on the main camera..) pretty useless. I have read about rootmods I could try, but I haven't tried yet. In the meantime, I just really can't use my camera without really being embarrassed.. It's THAT loud.The speakers are good, but the motorola player itself is pretty lame. It does have a powerful little processor and I truly can use it to stream my netflix account.. That is very cool.I am here now seeking out a compatible charger I can use either usb or wallmount or preferably combination.. I love and miss my htc charger.. it had a folding prong which was awesome.. the one motorola gave me (besides being inexcusably short) is really pretty primitive. It wasn't made high quality.. I mean, I don't really notice chargers usually, but this one is pathetic. Fortunately the battery makes using it marginally less frequent so I guess that helps..Sometimes, during calls, I get some seriously disturbing feedback/noises and have to turn it off to reset whatever does it..And the ringtones and notifications motorola includes are so lame. Really. I swear the majority of them haven't changed since 2006.. I had to download an app to try and find some decent ones. I loved the ones my hero had. I was totally satisfied with he ones it came with *(not the ones previously selected, but the ones i could choose from).. and I liked the interface they used, and the mp3 player was AWESOME.Also, the notification light on this one is tiny, and it doesn't provide an indicator as to how it's coming on the charge, which is a step backwards, too..And I really had issues with the snooze/power button until I got my otterbox (i had ordered it immediately after ordering my phone, but the phone reached me first..) The otterbox has a thick pad over the button, and otherwise pushing it is really pretty challenging..Overall, it's (still) a motorola..While I hope google sets them straight, I may have bought in too soon..I considered some evo variety, but all in all, they both have pros and cons..However, I don't know what their philosophy is (aside from the pursuit of profits) but it certainly isn't customer satisfaction.

The responsiveness of the phone is excellent. No lag time at all. The screen is beautiful - very clear and not oversaturated like Samsung's AMOLED screens which seem a bit harsh and cartoonish. One reviewer mentioned that the kickstand opens in the wrong direction but in fact it works fine in BOTH directions (as mentioned in the instructions) so if you're plugged into the charger or HDMI port the phone still supports itself. The phone is very solid and the soft touch back doesn't show fingerprints and won't slip from your hand. Reception is excellent - side by side with an Epic 4G the Photon 4G showed 5 bars to the Epic's 3. Could be just a difference in how the display is calculated but MOTO has always been known for the high quality of their radios.  Coming from an LG Sentio I'm still getting used to the large size but my eyes and fingers appreciate the added acerage and the tapered corners make it easy to use with one hand. Products always improve and today's best is tomorrow's junk but I think that the Photon 4G certainly qualifies as state-of-the-art.

I needed a phone to actually make calls and this was it. Tried the new galaxy s II but only camera and texting great not phone service. If you live in an area that is normally out of or low on service (outside chicagoland area) try the PHOTON you should not be disappointed. I use mine more than my husband so battery goes faster and needs daily charge for me but not him(that's right got two of them). The speaker or earpiece volume is great and you don't have to ask what did you say. Had a Blackberry 9330 prior to this so still new to smartphones but it is great being able to do so much on a phone. Please try it you might just become addicted. Only flaw is that I wish it had covers over all the jacks or openings.

The need to purchase this Photon was prompted by my first Photon taking a plunge to the bottom of a lake. The Photon is a great phone and I'm puzzled why Motorola discontinued making it after only several month's on the market. If you are looking for a dependable 4G smartphone this is a good one. One word of caution when purchasing this phone online is that it doesn't come standard with a SIM card. I don't have the need for one at the moment as my carrier Sprint doesn't require the use of one while operating my phone in the U.S. I am not sure what other carriers require, so be aware.

product works great but they did neglect to mention the battery had water damage. cracked screen is minor and the scratches are minimal.

I would normally never review a product just because of the company that made it.  In this case that is important.  Motorola is the creator of all the updates the phone receives.  They have publicly stated they will no longer support this device.  If you can get it off contract for next to nothing it would be a good buy.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE ON A CONTRACT.  you will not be happy in the long run.

This is my first time to write a bad review.The reason I write this, is because I don't want to see other people get cheated by this this &#34;wevolution&#34; private seller when a customer wants to return their item.I ordered this cellphone,after I received the phone then I realized that I ordered wrong one.I called Amazon who helped me to write email to &#34;WEVOLUTION&#34; private seller,thenI I never heard back from them until I called  Amazon a 2nd time and emailed them again.  Then I returned the phone with secured packaging, insurance and signature confirmation and still did not hear back from Wevolution.  I then called Amazon a 3rd time after 2 weeks to find out the status of my return.  Finally i got a RIDICULOUS  email from &#34;WEVOLUTION&#34; private seller,they stated that the phone was not the original one they sold to me,plus was defective.can you believe that?!!! I wrapped the phone with bubble wrapper and never even turned it on or used it ,plus I even bought insurance for the mailing.  How can they say that!! but when i received this phone,The private seller&#34;WEVOLUTION&#34; just dumped the bare phone in the envelope without any protective wrapping.. Is that crazy of them !! just because they don't feel happy when you return the product to them,they don't even want to give me a refund until i called Amazon the 4th time,they stated they only want to refund 50% of the total amount.  Finally I had to call Amazon 5th time to file a claim and to apeal the case. Sooo much trouble from this&#34; WEVOLUTION&#34; private seller.I wrote all this because I want all the other shoppers when they purchase their phone, to  be really careful with this seller. plus they only have 2 products sale at Amazon. &#34;WEVOLUTION&#34; is the private seller who sells their products on Amazon.If you buy any Amazon products directly from Amazon you are ok.  The customer service is excellent all the time to help and support their customers to solve their problemsall the way to the end.Just this Private seller &#34;WEVOLUTION&#34; will give customers headaches due to their DISHONESTY. So BE CAREFUL when you deal with them.

I had no problems activating this phone on my account. Now that I have switched carriers, this phone has become a &#34;family phone&#34;...my brother has used it until he bought himself a new phone and now my father has it...IT IS A GREAT PHONE OVERALL!!

PROSThe phone is heavy, solid, and well built.It makes crystal clear phone calls and gets reception in concrete bunkers.Its 4g works reasonably well.CONSThe screen is UGLY, they used a hideous pentile display that looks grainyThe preloaded software is irratating.I decided to return this and wait on android 4.0 with the nexus prime... but now i'm not sure about my decision.Why can't motorola make a solid phone with a top notch radio AND a super amoled screen?I have very good vision so this screen looks really bad to me... but i really can't take samsungs low quality feeling phones (other than the screen) with terrible call quality and reception.If you want a phone with great reception (like you can live in a concrete house with a metal roof and have almost full bars) and don't care about the display or have bad vision, this is a great phone.

finally transfering over to Android from WebOS after the news that the Pre3 will not hit the US market. I have to say the Photon/Droid Bionic are some of the best phones available so I figured I would get what I paid for.Disappointed, extremely disappointed. This is a dual core system that is given such great reviews and if you look at the hardware the hardware is amasing for the peripheral in question but the Gingerbread OS is a terrible system. To start the GUI is difficult to learn and is too compressed. on top of that even when you thought you closed an app it is still running in your background. No wonder sprint is adding Premium data fees. As I stated I am new to the OS and the need for a Task manager on any Unix/Linux Sun system. they are supposed to be Open Source. Reason that there are so many apps but everyone is a leach to the system and hogs the 1gb DRAM and forget about the system reserved cache memory. Ridiculous how much the Android system brings down a otherwise amazing system, On that would obliterate some home systems today.Overall if you want the top of the line Android POS. this is the phone for you. However I would not recommend anyone buy if you have any want of control over what you send over an un-secure network. This phone is constantly blasting your data over the network and easily accessible from the WIFI net it is using as the Piggy back for the 4G net.I give the hardware 2 thumbs upEase of use 2 downOS Android 2.3 2 thumbs downaesthetics 2 uppotential to be better, absolutelyRecommendation, Not worth the money

We just purchased this Sprint Photon for my wife, and I have to say it outruns my Droid 2 on Verizon.  We thought we'd have trouble getting used to the lack of a slide-out keyboard, but that was no problem at all.  We're both in our 60's and found the Photon to be very user-friendly.  It's fast, extremely rugged and reliable, and battery life is better than any Smartphone we've had.

i bought this phone when it was just a 1cent my god this is the best phone ive ever used so great

I owned this phone from its release date until I changed jobs and no longer could carry my own device, about three weeks ago.  Before this I used the original Motorola Droid on VZW for nearly 2 years, so am a bit of an Android "expert."This hardware is a fine phone, one of Motorola's best phones ever, bar none.  Voice quality is superb, with nice feedback in the earpiece so you can can hear your voice as you speak.  The speakerphone is loud and clear.  Sprint 3G service in Atlanta is good, so I rarely had dropped calls in over 10,000 minutes of airtime.The screen is big and bright in all types of light, indoors and out.  Coming from a device from circa late 2009/early 2010, this phone is a revelation of speed!  Business users take heed - this device supports most if not all Exchange Server security policies including on-board encryption, remote wipe and more.  This means you don't have to buy a nice but still clunky bolt-on like Touchdown.  This also means you have a single calendar on your phone for both corporate and personal - no need to toggle back and forth to see where you need to be for work and for fun. That was big for me.The camera is more than serviceable and the camcorder takes great, mostly stutter-free video.  Dual-core means it can run most anything you throw at it and it should get ICS 4.0 once its released sometime early 2012.That said, Sprint's "4G" service lets this thing down.  Because it's a "4G" phone, you have to pay Sprint an extra $10/month for their "4G" service.  Why the quotation marks?Sprint's 4G service is the clunkiest imaginable.  First, coverage in metro Atlanta is spotty at best. Second, to connect to a 4G signal is to open the 4G widget and click "connect." Then the phone goes through an authentication process that takes 30 seconds, as it collects a unique IP address on the network.  I never got better than 6-7 mbs down, usually more like 2-3 mbs down.  And a downside of the WiMax 4g signal (which Sprint is getting away from, by the way) is that it doesn't like movement.  So if you're driving around as most of us do, you're more prone to lose the 4G signal.Once you lose the 4G signal, you must open the widget and reconnect all over again.  It got so frequent/cumbersome I ended turning off the 4G radio more often than not.  So $100 for the truly unlimited plan, plus another $10 for the 4G service, plus fees - it was $127/month for what was essentially a 3G phone.  That's why Sprint fails this phone.I'll come back to Sprint once they get their 4G act together.

I realy enjoyed this phone. It never ran out of space to download anything in my imagination. I also invested in the lapdock which was great fun. I was at upgrade time and browsed new phones and didn't see any big differences than I was able to do. Sadly soon after that decision it did die and I had to upgrade. I now have the galaxy. Honestly do not see much difference except texting was better on photon and galaxy buffers videos better.

Phone was great back in the summer of 2011 when I got it. Motorola refuses to support this device anymore, so if you still have it in 2013 as per your contract, you're basically screwed. Since they won't update the phone, you are stuck with the Android version 2.3.5, which is rediculously old. This prohibits the phone from being able to house many of the new apps and features that are out there. Stay away from this phone and motorola as a manufacturer in general, as they don't support their devices in time.

Basically the same phone as the Droid Bionic and better looking with better battery life.  My first smartphone and took a little getting used to, but absolutely superb. Nice solid look and feel, does more than an iphone, fast - a real workhorse, excellent with media and email. Use mostly for work and it's been a lifesaver. Only downside, the vibrate feature isn't very strong. I researched a lot of phones before I bought - all different manufacturers and I am sold on this phone. Great battery life, too - I get 12-14 hours with moderate to light use, 10-12 hours with heavy use. Beautiful screen. Camera is ok. Have had it just over a month and still love it. Does everything I need and does it extremely well. Perfect size. Would highly recommend. HTC, LG, iphone, and Samsung have nothing over this phone!
