
The phone did not come in a samsung box- but a blue and white box that didn't even fit the phone. The plastic mold for the phone was clearly too small for the samsung GT- i9100. The mold was flipped upside down and the phone was placed on top. It's also missing the headset and manual that this phone is supposed to come with.The moment I opened the box I noticed there were big scratches on the screen. Not only that but the camera lens is COVERED in scratches which makes the pictures taken with the phone VERY blurry and grey. Samsung phone camera lenses are supposed to dip in to prevent scratching, but this phone's camera lens unevenly protrudes out. The SIM card slot also has a lot of scratches and even some dried glue. The entire phone looks very sloppily put together.VERY disappointed. Will NOT be purchasing from Cell Lounge Inc again.

So far so good, the phone has arrive (USA Address)super fast, i just have to wait to arrive to my addrees in Honduras. as soon as I put my hands on ill update this comment

I ordered Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100, but a T-Mobile version of S2 (Samsung Galaxy S II sgth-989) was sent. It does not work properly with other carriers.

Product advertised was GT-I9100, got GT-I9100G which can't be upgraded to Android 4. Can't change it because I'm in Argentina. :(

Ordered this as a replacement phone, phone was delivered through Amazon but they should of packed in a box instead of a folded cardboard envolope. This listing should be updated to let people know that this phone is not compatible with Sprint as I found out the hard way, hence the 2 star rating.

This smartphone has got it (almost) all!The only thing I haven't got here is Siri!The only negative thing I have to say about it is that I can't connect to Samsung Kies. other than that, I can't stop playing with it!Lovely product!

It is an fantastic phone. easy to configure and you really get used to the options very soon....The performance is great...Speed is superb and on top of it it wieghs very very less....The battery cover is made up of plastic but once it fits in you dont have to worry about it at all...The looks are amazing...Battery life - havent seen any. Apps - Trying to figure out couple of things like Gtalk that is not working...but i will figure it out...should'nt be aproblem. The only thing that i did not get it is the Warranty card that was there in the Box. It says that your warranty is for 24 months from the date of arrival. However how does one get the serail nos\ IMEA nos mentioned in the same bill...Coz the Warranty card says that you need to document this stuff and it should match the details on your invoice..But something i will be able to figure out. Amazon did a great job along with the vendor. Got the Phone in my hands on time. A Big Thank you!

On 08/30/2013 I executed an order through your website for a purchase of a handset branded SAMSUNG GALAXY SII. The order number is 103-9712800-0102612 and the price paid for this item was $260.00. However, since I received the phone I had noticed some problems with it and I even contacted amazon in order to find out what I could have done to get it fixed. At first, only a couple languages were available where in most handsets of same model, most languages are available. For the last 20 days I have noticed that the handset could not be charged for some reason, and therefore I sought assistance in authorized retail stores. The answer for the problems with my phone is that the phone is a fake replica of what has been advertised and the serial number on the handset which is usually used to verify if the item is authentic is nothing but fake with no historical registration. With all this being said, I wanted to know of measures I can take through your respectable company in order to take this vendor out of your website and get my money back. My handset is no longer working and every time I try to turn it on it seems it will explode. I have been a good customer and used the website for many time and I would never expect to find counterfeited items like this available. I have pursued legal advice and amazon is also responsible for this issue and I count on you to have my situation resolved. All I am asking for is my reimbursement.

I think any thing i bought  and sale by amazon that is excellent ? Therefore, I. Recommend ever one who want buy some thing from amazon should buy it from amazon direct not other because it really excellent what I. Saw before buy and what I got after I bought it the same

Although the item arrived on time (2 days earlier actually) the cellphone is NOT brand new, is refurbished and the box is not sealed nor original, the manual is blurry and looks old. The cellphone came with network issues since day one. It isn't stable with H+ (can't make phone calls, send sms, can't do nothing), only works in GSM or 2G (the network is Digitel from Venezuela). The IMEI is from a different phone, specifically from a Sony Ericsson.Regarding the software it doesn't update to Android 4.1 Jelly Bean which is the actual update available for this model. So I'm stuck in 2.3.4 Gingerbread (unless you update it with Odin)The screen sometimes blinks and the touch sensitivity isn't good sometimes. The travel charger came damaged as a bonus.Conclusion: Got ripped off from this seller (Deal in a Box). Would NOT recommend Deal In A Box never. I would surely like a refund but since the shipping would cost me more than the actual phone and assuming the seller will not give me any chance for getting my money back since 30 days already passed it is more than obvious that I got scammed.

I had the phone for a few days and it's really amazing. Performance, design, UI, everything runs smoothly. More than just a phone, best I ever had

The order I placed was for the Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 (International version). The one I received today has the correct box but the cell phone deliberatly placed inside is the GT-I9100G which is not the international version. For those who doesnt know, this model has a different processor.I am returning the phone right now!!!!I hope the seller will comment on this entry.

Im glad with this phone. It come to me complete new with all its accesories. Is awesome! light and faster, very confortable. Love it

Hello my name is Jose Garcia  bought a phone on thanksgiving day, finally when I got my phone It says IMEI UNKNOW these means that I don't communication no matter what I do! this is a completely sindle

I give it a 4 star because at times it suddenly shuts down and i have to pull out the battery in order for it to start again. Ive been reading about this issue and apparently it has something to due with the battery contacts lossing contact with the phone ones. other than this great phone

This was a gift for my daughter and the reason why I bought her this one is she already has an iPod touch, where she can do anything on the Apple environment.  So, I told her it would be a great idea having an opportunity to see the alternate OS and find out what good things it has, and now that she tried it for a while she loves it!  She thinks it was the right decision taking the chance to try the other OS as she now has access to both and she gets to do the same things as she does in the iPhone, so it's a good alternative.  Now that the Galaxy S3 is out, she says the S2 is powerful enough and she does not think she needs any upgrade for the short term.  Probably when the S5 comes out, in a couple of years, she will think differently, but by then Aple will also have a better offer, so we'll see...

This is also a present !Didn't open the box ! So not much I can say about the product - right ?Looks nice !!!But I heard is one of the best phones !I have the S3 ...it is nice !

Purchasing phones through amazon is the worst experience. They are sold as new but is 90% defective phones. This is a great phone however the speaker does not work.

Mine worked for a month and then could not even connect to a carrier due to a problem with the hardware.Return policy had just expired days before the phone did so that was even more unfortunate for me.

The cellphone can't be upgraded to 4.0. The signal was really bad! I returned it and received my money back. I think this cellphone is fake.

I have bought this phone in December when it just hit the shelves in few places. I knew before that it was coming in the market, read its reviews online and waited anxiously for it.I am very happy that I bought this phone cum tablet and because of its larger size, it is much better for me that Samsung Galaxy SII.I have previously bought Samsung Galaxy SII as the larger screen phone (4.3" display) and was very happy with it but found that the screen was smallish for me and so I looked forward to a bigger phone. I found Samsung Galaxy Note (5.3" display) to be that wish come true although I still sometimes feel that I can even be fine with 6" screen size.So after more than a month of use, following are my conclusions:Review Highlights:Price:It is more than iPad2 and all the other tablets I have seen till now but as it is unique, I am compelled to pay. If it was at a lower price, it would have been better.Size and Weight:Samsung Galaxy Note is the largest of phones available in the market. Because of it large size and Android Gingerbread 2.3, it is a very nice mini-tablet as well as a secondary phone. Unless there is a 6" phone-cum-tablet is launched, this is the best phone-cum-tablet your money can buy. Its weight (178g)is perfectly acceptable considering the size of the phone and its thickness (9.65mm) is nearly as of Samsung Galaxy SII (8.49mm), a really thin phone.Display:Very nice Super AMOLED display and it is really great watching movies and photos on this big display. It feels like a mini-tablet and it displays very well. Because of high pixel density (285ppi), the text and details are very smooth.Speed:The speed is good due for dual core (1.4GHz dual core) processor and I don't feel it slow. Although when I installed more than 15 apps, then I found it getting slower and sometimes was taking too long to start an app. Therefore, I always try to keep only those apps installed which I actually need.Battery Life:It depends upon how many apps are running in the background, whether the phone is in energy saver mode, the WiFi is switched on or not and the extent of brightness of display. A CPU hogging app can drain the battery within few hours but if I use WiFi selectively, keep brightness to near minimum brightness (which is still fine for display), in energy saver mode and just run basic applications and minimize widgets, I can get battery life of up to a day. I suggest not using Samsung Galaxy Note as your main phone as you may end up connecting to charger all the time. Use it as a tablet and secondary phone, along with another primary phone and that is the way it brilliantly shines.Android Gingerbread 2.3 Experience:I like its user interface and widgets but I have uninstalled some widgets to keep it fast and have low battery usage. Widgets take a lot of battery life and also use CPU continuously as well so I always uninstall Samsung widgets that I do not need.As a Phone:It feels big as phone but I do not use it as my main phone. My main phone is Blackberry Bold 9780 and so I use Samsung Galaxy Note as secondary phone. For secondary usage, it is fine although I do not like the fact that at higher sound volumes, the telephone call sound from ear piece is loud enough that people nearby can hear the conversation. Therefore, during calls I reduce the earpiece volume. The speakerphone is very good and video calling through Skype is very enjoyable.The large touch keys and display makes it very easy to use it as a phone.As a Tablet:It is very nice as a small tablet. My son uses it for gaming and likes gaming on this phone a lot. For me, I can browse internet much better than a Samsung Galaxy SII, read emails better and its kindle app is great. I feel that a kindle 6" is not required when you have this phone. As it is not an Eink screen, I can read it well during night when lights are switched off.There are many apps in the market but I install only those ones that I really need as I want to save memory, CPU usage and battery life. Many of the apps keep running in the background after usage once so a number of times, I go in Settings> Manage Applications to clear cache and stop applications that I do not require running.Use with Data:It has usual GSM, WCDMA and HSPA+ capabilities and I have seen its performance to be very good.Photos:Photos look brilliant on this phone and its both front and dual cameras are excellent. The low light photos are not as great as a dedicated camera but its LED flash is strong as well.Videos:It has taken very nice family HD videos and I really like those. It plays videos very smoothly as well. Because of brilliant display, dual cameras (8MP rear and 2MP front) which take good shots and videos, and efficient microphone, it is an excellent device for photos and video capture and playback.Sensors:I have mainly used the Accelerometer which works fine. I am not a huge fan of digital compass in a mobile phone. The digital compass in phone always behaves erratically.Two features that I want:1. I need a similar touch button as for Wi-Fi switch on and off TO switch on and off the usage of data using Mobile networks.Final Verdict:Excellent secondary phone and a small tablet. Use another phone as primary phone and you will be fine. Keep widgets and running apps to minimum and you will be happy with it.Use of a plastic cover and front display screen guard will keep the phone safe even when it uses Corning Gorilla glass to prevent scratches.

I chose this company over another due to "International Waranty. Love all the features, including the brilliant screen images. But found out that this unlocked phone is only 2G capable... slow in downloading youtube videos. Confirmed by my cellphone carrier in-store tech... there is an 'E' over the communications icon at the top. Even with this disappointment, I still like it on the mediocre level for other awesome features ... I will keep it but will do more research next time.

The phone is OK, but I discovered that you have to call the customer service of the Country where the phone originated (in my case UK), if you need support.  Samsung customer service here in the US should learn a thing or two on how to deal with customers: but basically as soon as they discover your phone was not &#34;manufactured in USA&#34;, they try to dump you.Do yourself a BIG favor: buy an unlocked IPhone in an Apple store: whatever it happens to you wherever you are, what you'll need to do is stop by an Apple store and you'll get the support you need.Samsung decided to value better their relationship with phone providers, than the relationship with the single customer.Right now, they have a customer less.

Altough this cellphone is one of the best in the market, the description of this particular item is false.It only comes with 7 languages: english (uk), english (us), french, and the other are middle east or asian languages.The package includes a travel chager (european version) with an adapter that doesnt work.My recomendation is to buy another version of this Galaxy S II.

Excellent phone really quick, good screen, the trouble is the battery life... Excelente tel&eacute;fono realmente r&aacute;pido el &uacute;nico desacierto es la duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a y alg&uacute;n recalentamiento de cerca de la c&aacute;mara cuando se usan aplicaciones exigentes!!! Pero una buena inversi&oacute;n... y estoy seguro que con ICS va a funcionar realmente mejor!!!

I'VE BEEN ORDER TO THE AMAZON FOR THIS PHONE MANY TIMES BUT THIS IS NOT INTERNATIONAL SAMSUN BLACK ORIGINAL BOX, IT WAS BLUE WHITE COLOR SAMSUNG BULK BOX.AND MANUAL IS NOT INCLUDES FOR THIS, IT'S SHOWING STICKER THAT GO ONLINE AND DOWNLOAD IT.ALSO NO HEADSET INSIDE.I WON'T ORDER THIS SELLER AGAIN.

There seems to be two versions available through Amazon, one being an "unlocked version" and this one, which is labeled the "unlocked international version." The listing itself doesn't distinguish the two much, if at all.I ordered the international version and this is what I got:-Model Number GT-I9100-4.3" screen (some U.S. versions have 4.5")-Running Gingerbread 2.3.3 (the latest I as of writing is 2.3.6 on my Nexus S)-No NFC-Connects to U.S. AT&T; on 3G and HSPA+ where available-Connects to U.S. T-Mobile on Edge-Manual indicating middle eastern origins (though there is no indication that is the only international source)-Charger with Type C prongs (two round prongs; Amazon included an adapter to fit U.S. outlets)Regarding the phone itself, there are plenty of reviews out there telling you how this is one of the best phones released in 2011, and I have nothing to add beyond that. It works very fast compared to my Nexus S. The screen, although only 480x800 resolution, is very bright, clear and vivid. The screen also resist fingerprints much better than my Nexus S. The hardware is in every way superior to my Nexus S. It does have the Samsung version of Gingerbread, which is very much iOS-like (iPhone) in feel including the one big "Home" button at the bottom center of the phone.The only reason I took off one star is because it uses Samsung's version of Gingerbread instead of stock Android. You can't tell if it slows down the phone with such powerful hardware, but you don't get the latest updates as fast (Nexus S is on 2.3.6, while GS2 is on 2.3.3). Samsung has said they will bring the next version of Android, Ice Cream Sandwich, to the Galaxy S2, but it will most likely be later than the Nexus S.

A cell phone that meets most of the requirements of middle class people as well as the common.  You find in it most of the communication needs that fill your life.  I am not a phone expert but I love it.

I was disappointed that the phone had a battery which is not original and that it didn't carry earphones with it.

This awesome gadget works very good and works to me but I think Samsung must improve the life battery because it last a short time, less than 8 hours in normal operation with few applications.

Well i bought this phone cause i wanted to keep up to date with the new smartphones. This phone blew me away it is much faster than our laptop and its a lot easier to use. The problem is that i can not put it down. This may sound like an exsaderation but my wife said she would leave me if i did not stop messing with my phone. Its the apps im addicted to and e bay is so easy you can browse all day. If i want to play on my phone now i have to sneak to the toilet for a long poo ha ha haAnybody who buys this phone will not be disappointed the only reason it got a 4 star and not a 5 is because of the poor battery life.Enjoy

Excellent product, everything works perfectly, all the package arrived without problems, works in Venezuela Movistar to H +, the product is worth because the hardware and software are high technology according to the sales price. Recommended 100%. Do not forget to buy.

Warning! They are sending model GTI-9100G not model GTI-9100. That "G" on the end makes a big difference. The "G" unit has a cheaped down single-core GPU (graphics processor) compared to the quad-core powerhouse GPU in the 9100 non "G" models. If the quality of the internal parts matters to you, be warned. Returned.

I really like the camera phone takes photos espectular I love the OS is fast compared to other phones besides friendly. 100% recommended.

The phone is exactly as specified. Delivered on time and great to use. Even the headphones have great sound.More than happy with the product.

This phone is all you need these days, it is fast, not too big and not too small, the display is amazing and the price i bought it (530$) is the best value to money ratio in the market today!The only drawback is its battery life, which is ~ for one day.Love it!

Uno de los mejores smartphones del mercado. El upgrade a Android 4.0 lo hace m&aacute;s funcional y que la bater&iacute;a dure casi 18 horas. Es m&aacute;s liviano y barato que el iphone

This is the best phone that I have had; you can have a lot of free applications in the android store.

This item was written a 'new item', but this phone did not work at all! It kept cutting off and now it won't even turn on! Disappointed!

DO NOT BUY IT HERE. / NO LO COMPRES AQU&Iacute;Delay on delivery more than 10 days and I had to concat him, Touch is not working. Letters on the back are gone. The seller has many Positive comments from the same userEntrega tard&iacute;a m&aacute;s de 10 d&iacute;as, El tactil de la pantalla no funcina bien, Las letras de Samsung se caen. El vendedor tiene muchos comentarios positivos del mismo usuario.DO NOT BUY IT HERE. / NO LO COMPRES AQU&Iacute;

I just want to get the word out there. After a certain amount of time it can be 1 year or 2 years the i9100 S2 will overheat and the WIFI will be completely destroyed.Its a hardware problem plaguing all S2, most people who bought a S2 has a useless phone now having to depend on 3G for it to work to get internet.Be very careful people I had to sell my S2 for $100 USD because the WIFI is no good.

screen size is perfect, for me it looks better than the Samsung galaxy s3 TALKING ABOUT size. I extremely recommend it!

THE GALAXY 1900 I JUST BOUGHT  OPERATES IN SEVERAL LANGUAGES BUT NOT IN SPANISH. IT IS A REAL DISSAPOINTMENT FOR SPANISH SPEAKING PEOPLE BECAUSE I THINK WE ALSO ARE GOOD CUSTOMERS. WHY THEY DONT EXPLAIN TAT IN THEIR ANNOUNCEMENT IN AMAZON?

The mobile is great but the battery onlu last for around 8-10 hours without using very much the phone, so you have to be always with the charger or another battery.

I was a little scare about buying this phone afraid of maybe it is not what i was waiting for. But the phone it is just great working perfect with my AT&T; 3G sim card. I didn't get my 4G yet. It is fast and no problems at all.Just when you start it you have to set up the language and it is ready to go.The screen it is just beautiful very bright with deep colors.Download and surf the web sites very fast nothing to compare to other phones I think it is the best phone out till now.The videos and video games working just perfect (some mp4 videos that i had didn't work but I convert them to the right format and they look and work very nice).Only having problems with the Wi-fi connection so I am leaving my phone just working with the data plan all the time. Well I have unlimited data so that is not a problem. And about the warranty i got one from a other company. Well the phone It is worth it the extra money. I hear that Samsung is going to release new more powerful phones but i am sure I will be happy with this phone for a long time. Sorry Apple but this is a winner.I think Samsung really got a GREAT PHONE!!!

As a happy owner of a galaxy S (the first one), the galaxy S2 is a big change, more colors, more screen, more speed, more everything. This phone never hangs, its really fast and you can play videos with a great quality, still as Android or Smartphone the battery is stiil a little bit low, but this is not a stopper and the phone can be usable up to 8 hours (my case)

Love it, love it!!!  No problem to use it in south america, slipped my Sim card, and done, I have all in my new phone. Worked perfect from day one.  I am a happy owner aprox. a month ago, and still learning to get the best from it. I wish for a longer battery life,  I have to have the charger with me all times, obviously, there is no reason, not to use it to the fullest, so don't forget the charger.

Ok, when i broke my HD2 which decided me to get this phone, and man this phone is a phenomenon. Its simply awsome.I cant compare to the iphone 4 and I bet that Iphone 5 will be garbage as well. the 4.3 screen is just so cool, colors pops out and stand through, battery life is awsome as well.The feeling of having the phone itself feels like you dont want to have another phone that not better than the galaxy s2 and damn, I walk around in the mall and then those cellphone service att, verizon, etc ask hey whats ur phone company, i simply tell them nah im good and when they ask what phone is that, i say galaxy s2, and they just shut up.. they knew they got no phone to compare it to.and also the phone is rootable and custom roms already exist. the phone itself is extremely fast and responsive so if u have money to shell out for this phone then definitely buy it. IT IS WORTH IT.

Excellent product. I recommend to everyone. Perhaps one of the best phones you already own. You are in the same position with the iphone 4. It has the same functions, but has a better sharing of files with other devices. The screen has a perfect and your internet connection is great.I am very happy with the purchase and the speed of delivery. Everything went as expected.

I brought it as a New Year present to my 20 years old son. He chosed Samsung Galaxy S II instead of the very market popular one which I felt strange at the begining, in the end I have to say that this staff is really fit.

Still a heavy weight smartphone. Blazing fast, great OS with great features. The samsung galaxy S2 is still a top of the line phone till this day.

First of all the device is great ( not this particular one, in general).The problem is when I bought the device it said international warranty but it never had one ( you don't have one in US).Then with tracking the IMEI number I found that my device is from brazil, so to get international warranty(except US) I tried to register the device. I couldn't because Samsung Brazil website wants Brazil citizen number( or something like SSN) to register the device. That means at that time I paid extra 100 dollars to Amazon for nothing!!!Secondly if you are into xda-developers you can get amazing performance from the device.!!!!!Most important part of the review: Please check condition of your battery all the time! If it gets very hot when you charge it, or if the battery's shape has changed(like swollen) get the battery out quickly and get a new (original ) one. This is very important guys.!!!!!Right now my battery is swollen and when I try to do some heavy things(like surfing on the web, or playing games) the screen flickers and then the phone turns off. When I restart it again, the battery percentage is 1% and it turns off itself again.Other than these issues, the phone gets hot a lot (especially in summer time don't leave it under direct sunlight).If you are having software issues, try installing custom roms because already you don't have a warranty thanks to Amazon!!!

The phone works good and all but! the did not send me the charger! how odd? oh well! no stress

Todo excelente.FANTASTICO TELEFONO !Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MPI LOVE IT S2 NICE!I LOVE IT

box is not original. poor quality back cover. trouble recognizing sim card. it has android 2.3.5 but no automatic update software OTA and KIES to ICS or Jelly Bean. Phone is really refurbished.Problems with delay in shipping sent without tracking. almost I have a mobile brick.

The Samsung Galaxy SII is a great phone. Upgraded to Android Ice Cream Sandwich, it runs everything, is easy to use, and reliable. I've got one at home already.Unfortunately, the product I received from the seller (nicknamed Deal Grabber) was sub-standard from the outset, and turned out to be counterfeit. Make sure your seller can verify the authenticity of the device you purchase!

Galaxy S II is great phone.  The problem with this seller is that they are advertising model GT-i9100,  but they will ship you  *** GT-i9100G ***  instead.  The difference btwn these two is that GT-9100G uses a different GPU and chipset and is slightly under-powered compared to i9100.However, what this really means is that you can not ROOT your phone or install CM9 ROMs on it!!!  All of the available cutom ROM's out there, including CM7 & CM9, only support the GT-i9100 chipset, and not the G model.  So you will be stuck with whatever bloatwear Samsung puts on it.I returned mine unopend within an hour after receiving it.  I will buy a i9100 model just as soon as I find it somewhere.

Bs. As. (Argentina):I am a compulsive user of mobile phones and technology is changing very often. I tried several Nokia (E and N series), various iphone and some others (LG, Pantech). To make a proper review is necessary to separate two things: software and hardware.1) Hardware: In a world where every month new devices come to market, it is impossible to say for a period longer than 3 months "I have the best phone in the world" In this case we can say "I have an excellent phone, the best of his generation and will continue to be well regarded by at least 2 years." It's fast, versatile, has a great camera (photo 8Mpx and video 1080p). AMOLED screen with incredible brightness and clarity and a lot of conectivity options.2) Software: comes with Android 2.3.4. So far (2 weeks of use) is just perfect. It had no freeze or reboot problems. Ran ran smoothly any program. It's true: Iphone wins in number of programs, but Android is growing faster in these days because of the differents brands that are using it. I am not an anti-iphone, I admit that the iphone OS is currently the best, but clearly on a limited equipment, that also does not facilitate user interaction 100%Cons:No doubt the battery. But if I have a Ferrari with 5.0 engine and I use it all day on a race track, clearly I have to put gas on it often ...(forgive me for the English, I speak Spanish natively)Bs. As. (Argentina):Soy un compulsivo usuario de celulares y cambio de equipos muy seguido. Prob&eacute; varios nokia (serie E y N), distintos iphone y algunos otros (LG, Pantech). Para hacer una review correcta hay que separar 2 cosas: software y hardware.1) Hardware: en un mundo donde mes a mes salen al mercado aparatos nuevos, es imposible decir por un periodo mayor a 3 meses "tengo el mejor equipo". En este caso podemos decir "tengo un excelente equipo, el mejor de su generaci&oacute;n y que seguir&aacute; siendo bien visto por, al menos, 2 a&ntilde;os". Es r&aacute;pido, vers&aacute;til, tiene una excelente c&aacute;mara (8mpx y videos 1080p). Pantalla de amoled con un brillo y claridad incre&iacute;bles.2) Software: de origen viene con Android 2.3.4. Por ahora (2 semanas de uso) es simplemente perfecto. No tuvo ning&uacute;n freeze ni problemas de reinicio. No se trabo ning&uacute;n programa y, por mas que iphone gane en cantidad de programas, Android esta creciendo a un ritmo mucho mas vertiginoso el dia de hoy. No soy un anti iphone, admito que el OS de iphone es hoy por hoy el mejor, pero claramente en un equipo limitado y que no facilita la interacci&oacute;n del usuario al 100%Contras:Sin dudas la bater&iacute;a. Pero si tengo una ferrari con motor 5.0 y la uso todo el d&iacute;a en una pista de carreras, claramente tendr&eacute; que cargarle nafta seguido...

Very nice phone, i love the screen, speed, is the one of the better galaxy phones, is not a little phone but either is almost a tablet like s3 or s4 lol

The phone started off working fine but within a month the battery life started to drain to the point of not even lasting 3 hours with basically everything turned off. Even in airplane mode the phone would only hold a charge for 5 hours (without actually being used) Heck I even would turn the phone off when I would go out and it still would drain the battery.Additionally the phone constantly turned off on its own and then would restart, phone reception was terrible and dropped calls happen all the time. Do yourself a favor and stay away from this phone. One of my worse purchases ever.

I was sold and shipped my phone thru CellPhonecheap who is a third pary vendor of Amazon. The new phone that I had purchased as advertised was definitely not new. It was a refurbished for sure.  As a result I had lots of issues with the phone which I finally had no option but to return back and ask for refund.  Getting the refund back was not easy. Despite exchanging lots and lots of emails for about a month with this seller, I was still not able to get my money back. Amazaon took long time as well to help me out as this transaction involved the sale from third party vendor.  After about month and a half, I think Amazon stepped up to refund my money and deal with the seller on their own. I am glad I got my money back, but surely wasn't a happy customer. The entire process was very tiring.

Instead of sending a regular Samsung Galaxy S II GT - I9100 the sent a cheap plastic version of the phone.

I bought this phone, the box was sealed so i thought it was new. I turned the phone on and tried to connect it to my wifi and although the router was right next to the phone i was getting one bar, i knew something was wrong because i had a real galaxy S2 before and i didn't have these problems. I then checked the IMEI number at [...] and it turned out to be a totally different phone, a Samsung  X620. And to make it worse, the person that saved to buy this phone was a 11 year old kid, i would never buy from you and i hope you go out of business.

I am thinking of trading it in, if anybody wants it... many apps didn't transfer between these 2 T-mobile phones, lots of hassle.

Buyer should be aware that this phone is not compatible with the domestic Samsung Galaxy II accessories. The form factor is different (thinner and narrower & power button in lower location), so it will not fit the domestic cases. The battery is slimmer and narrower, so if you buy a spare battery or a case, make sure that you take the handset with you to ensure a proper fit. Perhaps the seller regards this as common knowledge to have not mentioned it, but it would have saved me some expense and difficulty to have known this at the time of my purchase, as I ordered these accessories, sight unseen so all would arrive in time for my international travel. Now I have a spare battery, remote charging station and a Ballistic case which do not fit this handset and no time to search for these items locally, presuming that they are even available.One more update... Cannot connect with domestic Bluetooth device!!! All attempts to search and find my Plantronics Voyager II fail. No Bluetooth device is ever found. This is a real concern. I wish to know if the European Bluetooth protocol is different than the USA version. Does anyone know about this issue?On the plus side, the phone started right up, is in English and represents the feature rich Samsung quality which other reviewers have summarized.

The Samsung Galaxy SII is an unstable piece of garbage that keeps freezing, loses track of what time zone it's in and has atrocious battery life. I will never buy another Samsung device again after my experience with this block of garbage. To make matters worse, there will be no more OS updates for it, even though the hardware should be able to run Android 4.2. I'm stuck with 4.0. Who knew Samsung would end of life a phone while still selling it?

The phone is great, the Android is great, Samsung is great. this phone is really awesome, and the iphone is no match for it (even the iphone 5, believe me)but we have a serious problem here, this seller announces it as it has a "worldwide warranty", while its not true, waste 5min calling Samsung costumer support and see that they only provide warranty for the country you purchased the phone OFFICIALLY. this phone announced here is imported unofficially from many countries, as you can read the feedbacks, some people received it in german language, others in spanish language...so if you want to buy this, be aware that you ill be uncovered by factory warranty.AMAZON.COM, PLEASE ASK FOR THE SELLER TO REMOVE THE INTERNATIONAL WARRANTY ADVERTISEMENT. THATS NOT TRUE.SELLER, STOP LYING!

There is no way the battery provided with this phone was the factory original - it lasted 4-5 hours at the most.  I will be forced to buy an actual new battery if this phone is to work.UPDATE:  Now the phone does not turn on at all after 6 days of ownership.  Great.Additionally, the phone comes with Chinese bloatware that I cannot uninstall.  I have no idea what they do.Find another seller.

I require a lot in order to impress me. The speed and power of this device has me in amazement. I have had this phone for almost two months and still everyday I am amazed at the things it allows me to do, from simple email to powerpoint to excel spreads, i even create my html docs and preview them on the phone. It's like a mini computer. Not to mention the apps available on the Android network that expands the usability. It's super light and the screen quality is the best I've ever seen people always comment on it. In summary this handy device is a must have and is worth every penny!

This pbonne galaxiII, was send with no memory card, I send to my son in Colombia and he have to buy the memory. Can you do somthig for me?Thank you.

I love this phone I recently upgraded to my first smartphone and I have to say it does more than I ever imagined a smartphone was capable of doing. This is really like you never have to be away from a computer wherever you go

Just one thing to tell...this is the most amazing cellphone I've ever seen!Don't waste your time with Iphone or other brands. If you have available around 600 bucks, that's the best choice!

El tel&eacute;fono excelente en buen estado y liberado como dec&iacute;a la publicaci&oacute;n!!0 detalles y funciono perfectamente la bater&iacute;a buena tambi&eacute;n gracias

The phone came in a box either, not even fit to perfection, did not bring headphones and battery is not original, it was a real disappointment and I feel very bad liking selling this phone as a new product is a scam, the phone I bought the dealer &#34;CatchIT&#34;

they advertised the non-G version here and thats what i ordered cause thats what i wanted. when i received the phone, it was the G version. i contacted customer service i was reassured it would work just the same.however, from couple weeks after receiving it, the problems started. it freezes, restarts on its own, turns off by itself,cannot connect to kies etc. now, the vibrator motor doesnt work. its dead. i had to order a replacement part from hong kong and currently awaiting delivery. i think i got a very bad deal..too late now to return it

Muy buen producto, todo excelente lo recomiendo.. tal y como fue descrito el telefono por el propietario, la cual llego muy bien ..

ENGLISH (abajo en Espa&ntilde;ol)This mobile phone is more than I expected after reading all the reviews found in the web.Even when there was no "warranty" and no stamp in the box about warranty, once you turn it up you will find that this device is amazing.This one (I bought it from the OEM Shop) is running Andriod 2.3.4 using the UHKG7 kernel, so its not necessary to be updated.Video calls from Gtalk are not supported in this firmware but the batterylife is quite good. It can last one day (regular use).Writting with "SWYPE" is a very delightfull experience. The swype writting is just one step ahead of the others, is state of the art.I thought it would be so big to take in my hands, but it isn't, I feel very confortable holding it and also I can take it into my pocket, is very very thin.The videos and pictures are amazing, very clear. It features 1080p for real, I recorded a video and then I used the Micro USB to HDMI MHL adapterto plug it to my HDTV and the picture and video quality was perfect!The screen is perfect, is very clear, it has a very good resolution and everybody around me love the screen of this phone.I haven't tried the GPS and still other features, but with this "toy" there are many things to play with.I am a very happy SGSII owner, a satisfied customer.I highly reccomend to get this device instead of any BB or iPhone.Meet you in the Hubs...Este tel&eacute;fono es m&aacute;s de lo que esperaba despu&eacute;s de leer todas las revisiones que se encuentran en Internet.A&uacute;n cuando no hab&iacute;a "garant&iacute;a" y ning&uacute;n sello de garant&iacute;a en la caja, una vez que enciendes el tel&eacute;fono te das cuenta de que esun aparato incre&iacute;ble.Este que compr&eacute; (lo compr&eacute; con The OEM Shop) vino corriendo Android 2.3.4 usando el Kernel UHKG7, por lo que no se necesita actualizarlo.No est&aacute;n habilitadas las videollamadas desde Gtalk en este firmware, pero la duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a es muy buena. Puede durar todo un d&iacute;a (d&aacute;ndole un uso regular).Escribir con "SWYPE" es una experiencia &uacute;nica. La escritura swype est&aacute; un paso m&aacute;s adelante de los dem&aacute;s, es tecnolog&iacute;a de punta.Pens&eacute; que el tel&eacute;fono ser&iacute;a muy grande para llevarlo en las manos, pero no lo es, me siento muy c&oacute;modo sosteni&eacute;ndolo y adem&aacute;s puedo llevarlo en mi bolsillo (del pantal&oacute;n), es muy muy delgado.Los videos y las fotos son excelentes, muy claras. Graba 1080p de verdad, grab&eacute; un video y utilic&eacute; el adaptador Micro USB a HDMI MHL para conectarlo a mi TV HD y la calidad de las fotos y videos es impresionante.La pantalla es perfecta, muy n&iacute;tida, tiene una muy buena resoluci&oacute;n y a todo el mundo alrededor de m&iacute; le encanta la pantalla de este tel&eacute;fono.No he probado ni el GPS ni otras funciones, pero con este "juguete" hay muchas cosas con las que se puede jugar.Soy un feliz due&ntilde;o de un SGSII, un cliente satisfecho.Recomiendo altamente comprar este equipo en lugar de un BB o un iPhone.Nos vemos en las redes...

Excellent working, really fast operative system.Incredible camera for taking pictures y record video (you can also record video with de light on!)Short time battery (you will usually charge the battery every day)

I bought this about 2 years ago, and frankly I feel that it is still on of the best smartphones today. The phone it self works as smooth as butter, and never as it freezed or mess up, AND ONCE IN A BLUE MOON does a application stop working but the phone continues to work well. No complaints about design because it works perfect. Although battery could be better, but thats what you get in exchange for a good and reliable phone. I still consider it the best int the galaxy series, + the size is just right, and not that big like other samsung phones!

Nexus 4 was at the same price on google store... nice phone anyways.I love the OS. The headphones could be better.

When I received the unit the box looked funny like it had been opened several times. The GPS failed to work from the beginning and the unit completely failed to turn on after 2 months of use. I was in Europe at the time and took it to a local Samsung dealer. He told me that it was a suspect unit. The software was old and the codes were unknown to Samsung. When he opened the unit it was discovered that it had meen repaired and apparently submerged in water at one time and been cleaned. There was still moisture under the some of the parts. Since the unit has been opened the warranty is not valid.Stay away from this seller. He is not to be trusted.

Love this phone, and love the price too... This phone is fast an works really well. Skype videocalls are great if you have a good data service or conected to wifi. The size of the screen is probably ideal, not as little as the iPhone but not as big as the Samsung S3... Recommend it! Note: I have observed a glitch, sometimes the home screen will show only half of the wallpaper... weird. I hope there's a solution to that..

The phone is good, but there is two things that hepl this item to be the worst phone I have ever had: the battery and the signal. The battery just last 8 to 10 hours (even in standby), and despite it comes capable to work with 3g network, the mobile and data red only work with gsm. The wifi signal is very very poor, you are at 2 metrers away from the router and the phone only get one of four bars, if you are at 6 metres, just forget the wifi connection. You can have all the operators band open in one place, but if you go 10 miles far you will have no signal or no operator. Check in internet and youll find a lot of probles that come with this phone.

Best phone ever. If you want the best of the best this is what you are looking forLightweight and powerful, forget the iphone

I could not get android upgrades since I bought the device. Kies says that the  device is not eligible for upgrade. Some offer to root the phone for upgrade but I don't want to root it. This problem could be mentioned on the page at amazon.com. If I knew device has such a problem I would not have bought it.Secondly, the internal (system) memory gets full in every 2-3 months and I have to reset the device to factory settings again and again. There is no solution for this and Hey! I had not been warned that I was about to buy a defective device.

Desde hace 5 a&ntilde;os todos mis smartphones los he comprado v&iacute;a Amazon. El Samsung Galaxy SII no fue la excepci&oacute;n y luego de usarlo por unos d&iacute;as me doy cuenta que sin duda su procesador y calidad de imagen son lo mejor en el mercado. Aunque a&uacute;n sufrimos del mismo problema que los dem&aacute;s gadgets: Duraci&oacute;n de bater&iacute;a. Afortunadamente, atin&eacute; a comprarle una bater&iacute;a extra.Buen producto, buen servicio de entrega y espero jam&aacute;s tener que usar la garant&iacute;a internacional :PSaludos desde Per&uacute;

The phone was a wrong one.I ordered a SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 GT-I9100, and what I gotwas a SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 GT-I9100G. Watch for the "G".That's not the same phone, but far worse than the original.It looks like a SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 GT-I9100, but it definitely is not.I researched on Samsung, and several other information sourcesaround the world and found out:Samsung is cheating -and annoying- their customers around the world.Samsung stopped the production of the SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 GT-I9100 by the endof 2011 and as a replacement Samsung ejects worldwide the pale immitationof the SGS2, with no information, hoping  that nobody will get knowledgeof this lousy trick.Unfortunately even the seller didn't know about this Samsung policy andhe got trouble with me.But he really, really tried to solve the issue, ensuring me to do everythingto make me satisfied in 100%!Finally I kept the phone and got a reputable refund from the seller.

Better than the iPhone 4 which was my previous phone. Just make sure to update the firmware to have a decent battery life. By decent I mean 15 hours with wifi on.

This Galaxy S2 i purchased for my girlfriend, my own one was bought very close to the release and works really fine, even the fact of falling down of an balkony from the 6th floor, was only the display broken, well for 150&#8364; it was fixed well, i would guess an iphone would be totally broke :DIt's very fast and reliable, i use it in combination of Clockworkmod Kernel and Cyanogenmod.

I bought it from the OEM shop. It arrived on time but with NO warranty and NO earphone. The box was dirty and there were some fingerprints on the phone screen. I have doubts that this is really brand new phone, but since it functions well at this moment, I'm ok with it.It has just 837 Mb RAM and 11.5+1.97 (NOT 16) Gb memory. And it arrived with Spanish menu.The phone itself is great. Fast, beautiful and very slim. It gets a bit hot when with some applications running at the same time, but nothing much. Amazing phone but fake advertisement.I'll update my review after a while if I'll find out something more to say, which I hope will be helpful for the others. I'll recommend this to a friend... but be careful about the warranty (btw, I contacted Amazon about this and earphones: they told me that since the phone is shipped just within US, it doesn't have an international warranty and the advertisement was just for trade in. They suggested to contact directly Samsung about this (and Samsung doesn't "recognize" the phone). From Amazon they also told me that nowhere is written that there is an ear phone included in the box. I've been thinking that since it is supposed to be a brand new phone, it should have one in the box. This is strange at least: to make such a good product and don't provide a simple earphone?).----UPDATEIt also had a very weak battery. I put it on power saving mode, didn't use for ANYTHING. Just charged fully and waited to see how long will it last. And it lasted less than 2 days. I had to return it. Maybe I just was not lucky but I suggest you NOT to by from the OEM shop. That was NOT a brand new phone (I'm pretty sure): the box was open, the earphone was missing, it had a tiny scratch on the body, some fingerprints on the screen, and also a very weak battery. The box was dirty and it arrived in SPANISH menu (but it's easy to change the language to English) and with only Spanish user guide.I returned it and bought another one directly from Amazon (not from this link but fromSamsung i9100 Galaxy S II Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 8 MP Camera, Android OS, 16 GB Internal Memory, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, and GPS--No Warranty (Noble Black)). It arrived with English user guide (but the phone was in Spanish again when I turned it on first time), with a warranty card. Had an earphone in the box and looked really new. This one also had 837 Mb RAM and 11.5+1.97=13.43 Gb (not 16) memory (probably Android takes the rest). About 230-250 Mb RAM is busy with your stuff running, the rest is free. The free internal memory is 11.5+1.97 Gb.This phone is amazing. Really great. A bit expensive but worthy. Thank you Amazon.I'm putting here one star because the advertisement is fake (there is NO international warranty) and I'm not satisfied with my purchase from the OEM shop.

pluses- beautiful display, fast processor, SD card slot, big screen, lightweightminuses- slow camera, Android is not very stable, many apps did not work (because I think Google is not really doing good quality control)Amazon is as always best for shopping experience!!!

This phone is more than I expected. I was about to purchase an IPhone, but this phone has everything and more. Fast, light, amazing screen. All in all, best phone until know.

Phone is a beast. As of now there's not much that can compete with Sammy's latest. But that's just it. Sammy's latest isn't the latest for too long so I've already begun to regret a little after hearing about some phones that will be making their debut soon like the Samsung Note which may not be available here in the U.S. (sorta like this bad boy, the unlocked international version SGSII). Whatever, that's the way things are these days. However, if there's one thing I'd really like to know, it's how to register the darned warranty for this thing cuz it's not offered in the U.S. So, Samsung U.S. doesn't know what to do with you when you try to register on their site. If you talk to a "representative", they'll tell you something absurd like "Seems your phone is from South Africa so you'll have to call them", or "Seems your phone is From the U.K. so you'll have to call them". Seems to me the "reps" are just making stuff up if my phone "seems" to be from South Africa AND the U.K. So, international warranty, are you worth the extra $30-$40? So far, that's a negative. Nothing against the phone, just the "service". Quotes can make anything seem shady;) "Seriously".

Es un exelente tel&eacute;fono cumple todo lo que dicen que hace incluso la bateria es bastante buena pero si tiene un gran problema.. este telefono consume exageradamente datos de internet sin ni siquiera tener algun programa abierto y obviamente esto hace que la bateria dure menos. Imaginense que en 12 dias se me me acabo 1000mb que es mi plan de datos para un mes cuando con mi anterior telefono (nokia n8) me sobraba mas de la mitad de mi plan de datos. Ojala y en proximas actualizaciones arreglen este problema.

I am happy with my purchase and the fantastic support I received from this vendor.  He stayed in touch and even monitored the transit of the purchase for me.  I have purchased a number of items on amazon and believe that this vendor is the best one with whom I have done business.

the phone if it is original.I had the problem with the charger because it looked repaired because it was a little openwith cell I have had no problems

I've had phone about 6 weeks and I lOVE it...zero complaints...battery doesn't last as long as other reviewers have said, especially at beginning as you're so busy playing around on phone...surfing every day, camera, whatsapp, twitter, FB, YT, I get about a day's use from battery..I hate when I have to recharge as I love my phone so much...it's a love thing :)Reading on it with Kindle app is great...no need for additional Kindle device.  Camera takes great pics, little need for additional camera for everyday shots...I'm in the Caribbean and I was able to use straight out of the box...I have used US,C'dian and local sim cards...zero problems.No manual is included with phone but that doesn't bother me at all...a friend has an Iphone and was able to run through basics with me...very similar except this phone is better...BBM and Iphone users all want to switch...the touch screen is very light...phone can handle multiple apps with no reduction in power.  Phone is very easy to use, my first smart phone...lots of android forums online so easy to get answers or information on phone features.Oh my phone woke up in English.  Some German apps on it but I just ignore those...just one or two anyway...haven't figured out what they are for yet! Language settings?? they all there including 6 options just for English! Model is exactly as described...GT-I9100. My version is Gingerbread 2.3.5. I bought it from TRD-Trading GmbH

Screen started to get a purple color that is turning to black and within 2 hours screen got completely black that I cannot operate and use the phone.  When I took my phone to Telecommunication Ministry office to get it recorded to my passport  Imei number showed that it is recorded as an I phone. As my phone is still under warranty Samsung Service does not accept warranty. This is a brand new phone and I do not know if this screen problem occurred because of a fake Samsung phone or not.Amazon customer service was very pay attention for this problem, at at the and I returned it.

the phone is not new and has repowered damage and sell it as new which is a hoaxSamsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)

i've had many phones.  many.  i gave this phone to my mother and moved on the the S4 active.  i regretted it and wanted to trade her, but she refused.  this phone is still going 3 years on and i would highly recommend.

muy buen producto tal cual lo describen y llego rapidisimo, funcionando al 100% en Claro El Salvador, y sobre el telefono esta exelente con esa pantalla Super AMOLED los colores son impresionantes.

Perfect phone, received on time, working perfectly till now except for that the in-call voice is too law even when the volume is at its maximum. I bought from wireovia :)

Have used the phone for 5 days. It's no doubt the most powerful cell phone before the release of Nexus Prime, with rather colorful screen display and good battery. The dual core processor performs better than HTC sensation XL and Atrix 4G. the TouchWiz 4.0 is also more carefully designed. Just perfect!

Great phone, I owned one before but this one came with a T-Mobile boot-up logo as well as Telekom apps. Not the unbranded Samsung unlocked international version I had in mind. It may work great but wouldn't have the resale value as a straight Samsung phone. Thumbs down for this OG Wireless seller.

What does mind  not warranty? if the cell fone doesnt work???it  is unlocked only in USA?  it could  work in SouthAmerica?Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)

Big upgrade from the old flip job I have been using. Showed up on time, looks good and works as advertised,

Very True. Even I was told that we get a 1 year warrenty which was not true. AMAZON.COM Please stop promising people on Warranty Advertisement.

Samsung Galxy II is one of the best phones.Considerations:It is I9100M not I9100, so it only has English, French and Korean languages, no Spanish. For me, it is not a real international version.Kernel version is not the standar version of I9100 it has 3.015-i9100mugld3, if you want to root or advanced options, it could be a little different.

This GS2 is very lihght compare to my old t-989.I would like to recomend this phone who travel abroad.5 x Invisible Screen Protector Shields for Samsung Galaxy S 2 GT-i9100

I have dealt with the iPhone 4s (a family member owns one) and Blackberry (I have one)and this phone is by far the best phone ever! I bought this international version because I am from The Bahamas and need to be able to switch out sim cards when I travel from NY to Freeport, Bahamas and I am happy I did. I attend school in the US and I'm able to install and use video and voice apps beautifully and seemlessly with my family and friends back in The Bahamas. Perfect phone for me and my needs.

This is a good phone fast and quickly operation great lcd internet web good but  batery is shorty time operation very short...

The basic problem with bad reviews is Samsung not sufficiently advertising the wide range of family products, the lack of investigation from customers and the sellers not being throughout in the description of the products; because this is one of the best cutting edge phones available, even now in early 2013. In my case, this purchase was fantastic, I received (in time) a Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100P and is one of the most amazing phones in the S II family if not the best. However, I recommend the seller to be more specific about the particular item it's offering. The one they sent me is the same as the GT-I9100 plus it has the NFC technology; it's the european version, first released in late 2011; started in spanish, provided by Movistar-Spain (it has a subtle small white logo in the back, at the bottom, and has some Movistar apps in the system as well), it came packed with Android "Ice Cream Sandwitch" 4.0.4 and upgradable to "Jelly Bean" 4.1 (at least) via the Samsung KIES software. I hate huge bulky phones, yet this one is so thin and light I have absolutely no complaints, I love Apple products but I prefer the S II over the Iphone, in part for the Android system, but it has top notch design, hats off to Samsung (even if you say it's a rip off), and even though the S III is a bit more capable I still prefer the S II for the disign. The only drawback I have found so far is the poor battery life, with regular to extensive use it barely last a day, don't use the wi-fi or data package and you're good to go, but I don't see the use of having a smartphone and not be internet connected. For a great full description of the phone you can search the article in wikipedia, it's even better than the Samsung's web pages descriptions.

The phone came in good condition and works ok. A few times it's shut down and rebooted for no reason, but this seems to be due to running too many programs at the same time and is probably fixable. I didn't like the case that came with the phone, so I'm going to have to get a new one, and the screen protector was very hard to put on straight. Lastly, it came flashed with miui, which is ok, but I'd have preferred the vanilla android build so that I had the option to flash it myself if I wanted.

I LOVE my phone!!!!  Before this one I had a Huawei Ascend Y, and it was pretty awful.  Going from that to this was amazing!  I'm glad I opted for the I9100 version because I found in my research that it has a faster processor than the American one.  I was so nervous about setting up with my service provider (I use Straight Talk) since it is a European phone, I was scared I would have problems with it.  So far I have had NO problems and it works great.  The reception is not quite as good as with the Huaweii, which had it everywhere, but it's still very good.  The screen looks AMAZING, and the sound is phenomenal.  I was really pleased with how much storage space it has and the camera takes some really great pictures.  The only downside to this phone is how obsessed I am with it...my grandmother actually accused me of being addicted to my phone! :P

it was in perfect condition.. actually im answering from the Samsung Galaxy s2 in Caracas Venezuela! works perfectly!!! Caribecell rox

I'm disappointed because I bought the phone thinking of using the radio FM in Costa Rica, but it only works in USA and Europe.

The cell phone is quite good, bu he supplier is less than good.  The item supplied was intended for a European market.  The power connection was for a European connection,the brief startup manual was in French, and there was no complete manual.  I think if as item is ordered through Amazon to a U.S. address, the type of required accessories required are obvious.

This is the first time I hear that if I buy a new cell phone from Amazon I will have only thirty days warranty.Everywhere I buy a new cell phone I have at least one year manufacturer warranty.  I have contacted the manufacturer in Israel for the phone stopped seeing the SIM card and.heard that this particular phone has no warranty.I thought Amazon is a reliable site which will never cheat the buyer.I am now extremely disappointed and I think I will never buy anything from Amazon anymore, if this will not be immediately rectified and have this item repaired under manufacturer warranty.

I received a defective product from the seller - Grabber. I send to my wife in India but it does not work. A technician repaired and charged $25 but within few days the screen goes off. Again send it to Samsung dealer and they are charging approx. $115 for the repair. I lost faith.Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)

excellent product, easy to use, the real iphone 4 killer, super fast, excellent camera, excellent memory, browsing, no weights at all (less than half an iphone)

I have bought this phone 2 months ago. From the beginning I am experiencing problem of incoming call ringtone in this phone. When call comes, it shows the incoming call but does not ring. At first I was busy with my college and other work,most of the time I used to keep my phone in vibration mode, so I did not feel problem very much. But now, when I stay home most of the time, I feel I need a ringtone to alert me about the phone, because most of the time I can not able to keep my phone in my pocket or desk. But the phone set has a problem with ring tone. The audio of the phone is also erroneous. Most of the time sound goes during the song, and after touching the phone again.. I can hear the sound. I never able to run the Radio on my new phone. I get the phone as a gift from my Aunt, who bought the phone set with her e-bay account. She is a true busy business woman (lives in New Jersey) that I did not want to bother her about her gift. Here I am living in Texas and its hard to manage ALL THE THINGS necessary to return the phone. Here almost 2 months have gone, and I am confused what to do with my problematic new Samsung phone. Please help me by giving suggestion what to do?

The phone seemed to be cool at the beginning. In some days I noticed the radio and speakers were not working. After 2 months the phone just stopped receiving signal, and I doscovered it is false!

This is by far the best phone I have ever purchased. It looks amazing; is extremely quick and has a nice glossy screen that's extremely bright!

661$ for what ??? I paid 25$ extra for the one with the International Warranty . I paid another extra 15$ by buying it from Amazon.com not from the other retail sellers as I didnt want to get frustrated. Well, here we go, I opened the package and saw there was no seal on the box. The phone had dirt all over it. And the biggest problem : there was no WARRANTY documents ... I am so much frustrated and angry right now. Filed a claim and sent the package back. I'll see what happens next as I still want to have this AMAZING phone !!!update : I did get my money back and got another one with warranty and I am way more happy with it since then.It is an incredible phone, way better than so called Iphone 4 and 4s. Recommend it to all !!

Overview: The product is good for Google Product Users, but user experience in the international features are not too good. Gingerbread ROM is quite sloppy, hope to get ICS-Icecream Sandwich as soon as I can, and that this may helpUPSIDE:The good features I found interesting up to now is the joining of duplicate contacts  (up to 5 contacts in 1) from diferent sources (Facebook, Linkedin, Outlook, Gmail, etc).Another Feature is the sliding on top of the screen for easy access to options of "killing" apps runninng on background, on/off for wifi, bluethooth, GPS, Sound and screen rotation.Found app "MEU CHIP" that make it easy to call independent of the carrier in Brazil.DOWNSIDE:There has been lots of loss of coverage in Brazil, and also doesn't have the Brazilian Portuguese language option.So far it does not update automatically or on Samusung's KIES to ICS - Ice Cream Sandwich ROMUser experience on settings and features for instance on facebook app, photo shooting, copying and sharing by e-mail/facebook, outlook e-mail, contacts and tasks is quite a downgrade from Iphone (I-OS) at least on the Gingerbread ROM that is native.Settings are hard, for instance I can't find for instance how to stop notifications from new messages. Dificult to find an  user forum that is easy to chat and find solutions, and channel with tip videos on youtube not very complete.I wish I could trade this for the Iphone 4GS....I would be better off.

Since purchasing this phone a year ago my experience with both the product and the seller has  been horrible, time-consuming, and far from &#34;hassle-free.&#34;  About a month after purchase, the phone overheated and completely stopped working.  The Samsung dealer in my country did not honour the international warranty, despite promises by Hassle Free that they would have a solution.  I then shipped the phone to the US for Samsung to fix in July at the suggestion of Hassle Free, was finally told in September that it would be returned to me within 10 days, and have since heard nothing from Hassle Free or Samsung.  I have emailed and called the seller multiple times, leaving various messages with numerous phone numbers at which I could be reached, none of which have received a reply.  I am considering going to the authorities with this matter, as they have kept my $350 phone 6 months past when they said they would and refuse to communicate with me about it.  I have never experienced such poor and unprofessional customer service with any purchase from Amazon.  I encourage all potential buyers of Hassle Free products to take your business elsewhere!

My last phone before this was a HTC and it was a nice product and very good quality. After I bought the Samsung Galaxy S II ,I only can say "This is the best smart phone ever".

I bought one about 2 months ago when i first use it had not sound and i cant call anyone because the call ends about in 5 secs. i send the cellphone to fix the sound, after that it works about a month and then the screen became crazy with all colors and now i cant use it anymore. dont buy it,unless you want a headache.

Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 is simply better than the best. I started to use this phone alongside with a different brand I found it the best to use and to carry. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic is one of the unique features of this phone.8 MP camera with LED flash plus Geo-tagging, touch focus, face and smile detection, image stabilization have just been outstanding features for me. I am loving this phone and it's all features. Big screen, good to watch videos and games.

I was sent a i9100g instead of the plain i9100.  The phone seems to work fine but I don't like the hardware home button.  I also can't seem to update it to ICS even though I am reading around the web that it's available in the US.  Maybe it's because of the g model?  I'm giving it 4 stars because it's not exactly what was advertised.  That's the one thing dislike about Amazon in general.

Excelete telefono, el mejor del 2011 sin duda.. gran camara y video grabadora, procesador 1.2 doble nucleo, algo espectacular. delgado y liviano.. super amoled plus que mas quieren?

I did not get my phone from Amazon, but the Samsung Galaxy S2 is the WORST phone I have ever had the displeasure of owning. Thankfully, I was with my provider so long that they gifted me with any phone of my choice. Desperately wanting to get rid of my Blackberry Curve and go outside my usual box of phone choices, I got the Galaxy S2.I have no idea why anyone likes this phone so much. It looks nice but that's about it. It constantly turns off when I'm trying to make a call. I had to spend TWENTY MINUTES trying to find where to even make a call in the first place! And I am only 20 years old, I can figure out new technology in a few minutes.The sad excuse of a keyboard is the biggest problem. It's a touch screen, and the keys are so incredibly, ridiculously close to each other that even autocorrect (which is an abomination within itself) always gets what I am typing wrong, and I've got pretty slim fingers. The spacebar is so freaking tiny and far down that most of the time I end up hitting the period button and every.word.ends.up.being.typed.like.this. I am a fast typer, running well over 80wpm on keyboard and probably nearly as fast on any cellphone I've ever used and I cannot describe how annoying this is.And the MOST annoying thing about the sad excuse for a keyboard is the permanent button that switches between English and Spanish. I can either focus on trying to type things correctly, just to look back to my text and see half of it is in spanish, or try to guess at what I'm typing and watch the screen every second. On every phone I've had before, they keyboard was the best. This is horrible.They say that the S2 has no option for notification lights, but when you look near the front facing camera, there is indeed an option for notification lights, but for some reason just doesn't work? Does that have any function at all?The phone also has no option for setting an alarm AND being able to turn the phone off, and the alarm would still sound. I DON'T MEAN SLEEP MODE. These are entirely different. So I must resort to keeping it on. Of course occasionally I have to turn it off completely so that it doesn't glitch, but I could do this every day and it would still glitch constantly. When I had a lock screen, it would frequently glitch and load the screen up in the corner, making me have to turn it off and restart so I could use it properly. Nearly each time I've had to make an emergency call to a friend or family member, it just shuts right off!It also comes preloaded with SO MUCH CRAP that I will never use and uses a good deal of the memory. I also am forced to update the software, which doesn't do much. All it does is add on more programs and networks that you will never use.Rearranging icons is difficult; hold, wait, drag. hold, wait, drag. can't just move anything and it's slow.And lastly, the reception is horrible; no one can ever hear me. That may just be my provider, though, even though I am supposedly in a "hot spot" for them. I've never had issues before this phone.Even my sidekick was better.I could go on more, but my point as been made. I regret this phone and will be getting something different as soon as my contract is up.

phone does everything , great screen and responce time .light as a feather , i have to keep making sure i didn`t loose it

fast, easy to use, delicate design and technological. Futhermorethis cellphone is ultra slim and lightweight. The product arrived ok, in time and good conditions

Before purchasing the telephone I double-checked about specs compared with iPhone and I chose this GS2, and let me tell you I haven't been dissappointed at all. Processor, RAM, screen and Google Play are the most relevant advantages over the iPhone. As always, all those smartphones lack on battery duration, but you can handle it easily.I definitely recommend this one, you're going to experience what a real smartphone is!

Very good! Delivery and product! PERFECT! The best cell phone i ever had...Beautiful, fast, with a lot of functions and so easy to use!

I have been using it for a couple of days now and so far im just falling in love with the phone more and more

I love my Galaxy S II GT-I9100 phone it has bigger screen than the iphone and the camera takes excellent photos. I recommend this phone to anyone shopping for an excellent buy.

I bought this phone with the hope of replacing my Blackberry as my new black berry freezes alotThe product arrived on time and brand new in great condition thank you SellerI have had this phone for almost a month now and I am blown away at how good this phone is, the features and the freedom you have to customise is amazing. I would recommend this phone to anyoneJust to point out though the battery life isnt all that great as expected, the processor speed and the amazing screen drains the battery quite quickly and also it isnt the best looking phone out there in terms of aesthetics but its super thin super light weight and incredibly fast and feature packed. So it makes up for the small inconvenience. And oh when i purchased this i selected the I9100 and that's exactly what i got the I1900 not the i1900G. So i am not sure about the other reviews saying they got i9100G instead of the I9100 which is the better processor..

The phone have every thing to be a excellent, but the android is old...I thing that the phone have the new one version

After buy this phone, I stoped using my computer a lot because the phone can do EVERITHINGI can read news, check the mail, answer the mail, chat, etcAlso I can download music directly from internet without a computer (Not like Itunes and it monopoly)Android is excellent and running over this tiny computer is awesome.In only one word I can describe this phone as Excellent.***************************Luego de comprar este telefono, deje de usar mi pc un monton, porque este telefono puede hacer de todoPuedo leer noticias, ver el email y responderlos facilmente, chatear, etcTambien puedo descargar musica directamente de internet (Megaupload) sin nececidad de una pc (No como Itunes y su monopolio)Android es excelente y corriendo sobre esta joya es aun mas sorprendente.Excelente es con la palabra que lo puedo describir.Saludos desde Costa Rica.

I received the cell phone with many problems.The sound not work (speaker).Unlocked is not true.The battery is not original (Samsung).I bought and I had shipped to other country, the cell phone arrived the last week and now I can't request the return o replace item.

The phone itself is excellent. It's sleek and very responsive. I've messed with other android phones in the past and it always felt like there was a slight lag whenever I pressed a button or if I was using the touchscreen. The Galaxy S2 doesn't have any of those issues. The phone is easy to navigate, has good battery life, and I'm happy with it overall.The only downside is that it will not work with T-mobile 4G in the US.

Zero starts! I was using my phone and suddenly te screen turned out black and I cant see anything. It does not turn on again. I brought to samsung and they told me this is a FAKE cell phone. What the heck?? They opened a samsung in front of me and they were so different. Im waiting for some exaplanation from the seller and my money back. Dont buy this product!

Me ha resultado un telefono muy bueno, si bien  luego de casi un a&ntilde;o de uso me ha dado algun problema en el sentido que se cuelga y hay que reiniciarlo. Fuera de eso, es una peque&ntilde;a computadora de mano. Vale la pena.

The samsung galaxy s2 is the best phone I've had to date hands down! battery life is much better than reported ( i have been getting roughly 15-18 hours per charge with average use of internet browsing videos camera games and various apps and calls and i never let it go below 15%) and it has been giving mw no problems. still early days (3 to be exact) but i am very impressed and would recommend it to anyone. the screen is AMAZING and there is no lag at all. physically despite the flimsy back cover the whole unit is quite sturdy and very light. it fits in my pocket without any problems. viewing angles are incredible also and this super amoled plus rechnology is quite awesome. i think this is definitely the phone of the year!Edit: i did this entire review from my sgs2 ;-)

THIS CELL PHONE IS THE BEST, AND I AM USING IT IN VENEZUELA WITH MOVISTAR; IT WORKS SO WELL I HERE.

Bought Galaxy S2 from WorldWide Distributors, that item is marked as an "International Version" however it's a Spanish version in fact, which has restricted set of languages' supported: Korean, English, Spanish and Portuguese only. Other European languages are not supported by this "International" device :(It's possible to set desired input language and say type an SMS, but phone can't send such an SMS, because language is not supported on the phone level. That's absolutely stupid :(  especially for expensive top-level device :(I'm an Android guy and I was a Samsung fun, but next type I would consider iPhone which is really international :(

its great more than i expected its my first samsung phone  LO recomiendoExcelente Producto muy muy bueno . excelente vendedor

Phone screen is very fragile, I can understand that. But the vendor I puchase this from, FSG Trading, via Amazon, was not interested in assisting me to get it repaired, even though I am willing to pay in full for the repairs. They simple said go get it fixed locally. My best advise- "Never buy from this vendor"! Not even a AAA battery....

Now I didn't buy this phone on Amazon, but since I own one, I felt compelled to write a reviewLadies and Gents, price for specs, this is the phone to own, the only phone I would rank second to this is the LG Optimus 2X ... because that was the grandfather of the Dual Core phone age one of the best and not that much slower than the Galaxy S2But getting back, if you have the moola to spare, get the S2, I have owned this phone for just one week, I just migrated from blackberry and I am not looking back at all it's a beautiful piece of engineering, my hats off to the ppl at samsung they did wonders, I can only imagine what the S3 is going to be likeBut This last concern is for the ppl at amazon and I hope they are paying attention. this Item is listed as the GT-I9100 model .. but if you check the specs, the model says SA-9100 so anyone reading this .. please be aware when making your purchase !

This cellphone it's not a I9100 it's the I9100G version.The I9100G version had different technicals details than the discribed by the seller.This is a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!Seller, stop deceiving!!!

It has been my worst experience with smart cell phones, It suddenly stop working with no reason. I lost my money in this purchase

Brought no expandable memory slot and memory of 11.5GB and 16GB offered, the box is not the original. thank you

Before buying SII had a Iphone never gave me problems, I bought the SII confiezo led by advertising and all the resources he had also by the Android system. After 7 months of use, the phone locks up often, it remains accessible to answer or make a call, does not allow to use .. I turn on or off, or get the stack or in short, get the edge of madness especially when you have to send an urgent message or make a call that can not wait. Today I decided to throw this phone in the trash and go back to my old iphone which fortunately still preserved. Do not know if it was a virus or that .. but I was on the verge of a heart attack and my children had to do very angry .... I'm better off without the SII.... Do not recommend ...

Front camera didn t work,the rest of the phone is really fantastic.The quality of the phone,the wi fi antenna and the programs are fantastic

ON THE GO SOLUTIONS  are very serious and responsible 100% recommended, EXCELENT PEOPLE, The product met my expectations, I am very happy

EXELENTE  PRODUCTO, RECOMIENDO 100% AL PROVEEDOR. Lo recibi en buenas condiciones y las descripciones indicadas fueron las solicitadas al realizar la compra saludos.

this is a good phone galaxy, the bad is that I got locked, and unlocked as advertised.I bought this phone and I get blocked I can not use in my country.

I ordered this unlocked phone for mother's day and this seller is selling i9100G instead of i9100. The 'G' version is of inferior quality and old release. Really regret that I tried to purchase but Thanks to Amazon that I could return it and get my money back!!!

Phone is awesome. However, it does not have 4G support for T-Mobile prepaid, so it gets 2G speeds only on T-Mobile pre-paid and does not work at all on the cheap Canadian networks (Wind or Mobilicity). Wish I knew that before I bought.

The phone works OK. The sound  is a bit low. Great phone. The time of delivery was very fast, I got it in colorado in less than a week.It had a failure with the operating system, suddenly it turned off, but when I upgrade to the newest version (4.1.2) started to work perfect.For my surprise the phone is a Samsung Galaxy S II NFC. It dind't say that in the publication, it's a nice feature. I didn't pay for that, so thats preaty cool.

Lo mejor de lo mejor!!!el telefono cumple con todas las espectativas.super rapido, la captura de video es asombrosa.los colores de la pantalla super amoled son muy nitidos

some me a faulty phone. Im sure Samsung is great, this just wasn't a great buy.  I wish It did work though.

the phone disconnects from the net every few seconds so i cannot speak nor do anything else.this happens from the first minute i turned it on.

first it doesnt have signal and now do not turns on. come on how can this be possible. dont waste your money buying this

Very good cell phone. Actually I think it is the best smartphone I have ever seen.Muito bom telefone. Testei varios e acabei escolhendo esse. No me arrependo. Excelente, &eacute; o melhor smartphone que eu j&aacute; tive e j&aacute; mexi. Arrisco dizer que &eacute; melhor que o Iphone 4.

As a former iphoner, I found the Galaxy s2 to be both a pleasure and a pain.It is very fast, rather intuitive to use, but at the same time a bit of a pain.The speed, screen and settings are pretty straight forward.However, it does take way too many button presses to perform a simple operation like dialing a number on the speed dial (5 keys).You have to "Save" any note or change you make, which is again extra punishment.Synchronizing folders between PC and phone is a "do it yourself" task and I still didn't find a good enough solution to something that was built in into the Itunes.Some idiosyncratic issues with the system.  Less smooth then the iPhone, but overall very good. Since apple wants a 30% premium, I am still happy I went with this phone.Hope this review helps

This is the best phone ever, it has everything I need from a cell phone. I am really happy with my purchase.

The phone itself is great and lived up to the expectations. Just wished that I had double check with seller about where their phones come from because I had no idea how to register my phone for international warranty due to the fact that my phone was from Russia and the warranty card is in Russian.  Also, I would like to be able to type in both Chinese and Japanese but since the phone was from Russia, it didn't come with those languages, only the European languages and Russian.So if you think you'd need to type in Asian languages you may want to check with the seller where they import their phones from.

Caution guys. This product sucks big time. I have got this 2 months back in hand. For the last 2 weeks, i am experiencing trouble with his. Even if i charged it  fully at 11 pm, and keeping it in sleep mode, while 7 in the morning, the phone will be in switched off state because of no charge. I contacted the seller. His point is 1 month return period is over and contact Manufacturer. Selling the product for 275 bucks and not taking any accountability is really appreciable

It's a perfect cell phone, I9100. Everything about it is OK, a clear talking, fast sppending internet and rich function including FM radio, camera and video player. In general, I pretty like it.

I cannot believe that there is one smartphone like Galaxy S2 out there which is so amazing and user-friendly. It is THE best phone that i have ever used. The only thing that needs double- checking is whether i could be able to use it in China or not. If so, i will tell the whole world that iPhone  no longer dominates smartphone market.

I bought this phone for my daughter. The phone is very easy to use and its small size works for her. However, there is a serious echo issue for anyone who tries to call her. There are some remadies for that, like removing the cover or disable noise reduction for every call, but none of them is really a good option. In addition it doesn't have support for Hebrew which is also an issue

lo compre para usarlo en m&eacute;xico y funciona al 100,sin tener que hacerle ningun cambio, solo la bateria que le dura 36 horas pero espero solucionarlo con otra de mas capacidad

My son was so happy with this phone. He has been wanting one for some time now and was beyond excited to receive it.

My brother-in-law and I both purchased this phone from the same link, within minutes of each other. His phone came in a black samsung box that was sealed. When my phone came, the box wasn't sealed and it was considerably smaller than the other box. My box also had "Made in China" written on it, whereas, my bro-in-law's phone box did not make mention of where it was manufactured.Both phones are fabulous, but I have begun to notice some difficulties with the touchscreen. Sometimes it does not respond.I am confused as to why 2 phones bought via the same link, cost the same, but turned out to be of 2 different qualities......

Excelent Phone, delivered on time, charger is european, but the adaptor came with the box, really nice screen.When connected to the computer with Kies automatically upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwitch.I also bought a 64GB Micro SD, that worked with the phome.

after testing it for months, I realize that the 850 3G band, doesn't workI've never had this  problem with other phone

Ordered GT-I9100 as stated on Amazon but received GT-I9100G from Global Mobiles. While I am aware that they are highly similar, I specifically ordered the GT-I9100 for the Exynos processor which is not available on the "G" version. Will not be ordering from Global Mobiles again.

the product does not seem to sign up again no signal grabs Venezuela and is the international version came in the box supposedly without their headphones and battery not is samsung the phone seems refurbished

I had a lot of expectations about this phone because of all the great reviews and advertisements in the web.Pos:- Camera: takes awesome photos and videos at daylight and also at night! i never seen a phone with a better camera than the galaxy s2- Screen size and display: great colors and great size comfortable for typing and finding the apps- Very thin and lightweight- PriceThe only bad thing about this phone is the battery life, :(  and i dont know if the voice command only works in a wireless connection, but i really recommend to anyone so thats why i give samsung galaxy s2 five stars for this wonderful phone

Wow! This is the best smartphone I've had so far. The screen is beautiful and this device is really fast. Camera is outstanding! 100% recommended!

I confirmed with Samsung representatives after calling in and verifying with them the product serial number on the phone I received that there is no such thing as a International Warranty with this phone.I promptly returned it.This is false advertisement and needs to be changed.Phone is great, but the fact that I paid extra for non-existent warranty is not.

Take what I say with a grain of salt. I am no expert with smart phones. Having had a cell phone since they were invented, this is my first smart phone. I am a old dude and have had bad to the bone gaming computers since Commodore 64. This phone is the grand champion of all electronic devices. True to life, basically you get what you pay for. This is up the ying yang for cost, but it totally rocks! In every dept. me thinks. Have a groovy day!Alaska dude

Despu&eacute;s de probar este tel&eacute;fono, todos los dem&aacute;s me parecen de mala calidad.Incre&iacute;ble la rapidez de entrega de Amazon, (Pague un poco mas que si lo hubiera comprado a uno de los vendedores asociados, pero no es nada con la tranquilidad de no ser estafado).El tel&eacute;fono en si mismo es muy r&aacute;pido y la pantalla es tan grande y brillante que provoca quedarse vi&eacute;ndola.Todo trabaja tan r&aacute;pido y fluido que no se veo una raz&oacute;n para instalarle una ROM distinta a la original.Una de las pocas cosas que no me gustan es que no tiene una luz led que parpadee cuando hay llamadas o mensajes perdidos, pero ni modo, se puede vivir con eso.Venia con Android 2.3.4 y al conectarlo al Kies hab&iacute;a una actualizaci&oacute;n disponible, lamentablemente no era para 2.3.5... Espero que para enero tengamos Ice Cream disponible.Toma tiempo acostumbrarse a manejar una pantalla tan grande, las personas que tengan dedos peque&ntilde;os necesariamente tendr&aacute;n que usar las dos manos.Por los momentos estoy satisfecho con esta obra de arte... Aqu&iacute; en Venezuela funciona con todas las operadoras, incluso en 3G.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Well after trying this phone everything else seems poorly made to my eyes.Amazon shipping time incredible (I pay a little more than 3rd party sellers but no big deal since it gave me peace of mind), phone itself is very fast, the screen is so bright you may want to stare at it.Everything works so smooth that I dont see the point in gettin a custom room in anytime soon.I dont like ithe phone dont have a led light to let me know if theres sms's or missed calls, but i can deal with it.Android 2.3.4, connected right off the box Kies told me and update was avalaible, but it was not for 2.3.5 too bad... I hope we get Ice Cream in january...You may get time to get used to handle it due the screen size, fortunatly isnt heavy at all, but if you have short fingers you will need to use it with both hands...For now I'm very pleased with this piece of art... Here in Venezuela works with all the companies even in 3G.

excellent cpabalities, amazing screen, very fast and easy to use...lots of application from the market, very useful. a bit big in size but very slim.

Very nice phone: ultra fast, stylish, light weighted.. a little big but the specs worth it.Pros:Fast CPU, I've installed CM 10.1 (JB 4.2) and runs smooth like the stock OS.Plenty internal memLight WeightCons:Sometimes result too bigNo indication ledBattery life: one day medium use

The phone is good. The only I wanted to tell is there was no Chinese language. If there is chinese language would be better.

I use a pay-as-you-go service and have been limited to cheap knock-off phones for years.  They finally brought around sim cards, which allowed me to get the phone of my dreams.  Even though it is two generations behind, this is an updated version of the S2.  The camera (my #1 feature of any smartphone) is fantastic, it has a flash, and a decent zoom. There's plenty of storage for my photos and enough games to keep my kids content while waiting for their sibs at the doctor's office. Also?  It is much more durable than it feels, and since it is an updated version, they fixed some of the problems with the original hardware (read: the charging port works just fine, now)  I am very happy with this phone, and I would recommend it to anyone who cares more for quality than cutting edge.

I purchased Samsung Galaxy S2 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0053HSZQG/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title and had very good experience with the shipper and the product itself. highly recommended and a great phone guess the best out there in the market today.

I bought this phone as Christmas present for my wife here in Quito.  She unwrapped it on Christmas Eve, popped the back off, inserted the chip from the phone she'd been using here, and presto!  It connected with the local service provider here (Movistar) in less than a minute.  Since then, she's downloaded apps and put her S II to good use without any problems at all.  Happy S II owners here in Quito!

Accessory) I bought the tel 1 month ago in USA. The phone comes in a box with charger Movistar European (2 round pins, plus an adapter for flat USA plug) The phone is unlocked, but not a "factory unlocked original".Use: While in USA the phone froze a few times. Nothing terrible, but it seems that the unlock was a topic of soft. Data connection through wifi is very good, but the phone activates the power saving mode and the wifi often disconnects when the tel. is idle (idle enough to get him back online) The quality of the device is very good, it has very good sound on the loudspeaker and the definition of the screen is great. The sound quality is also very good to talk. The battery lasts approx. 1 day according to use (like most current smartphones).My opinion: SII seems a very good alternative to the iPhone but 1/3 cheaper (comparing prices for unlocked devices). The software platform of Android (google play) has the same popular applications that are available for apple (dropbox, instagram, social networking, games, etc, etc, etc). For USD400 I think this is a great alternative, I am very happy with the purchase.Compr&eacute; el tel hace 1 mes en USA. el tel&eacute;fono viene en una caja de Movistar con cargador europeo (2 patas redondas, mas un adaptador para patas planas de USA) El tel&eacute;fono est&aacute; desbloqueado, pero no es un "factory unlocked original".Uso: mientras estuve en USA el tel&eacute;fono se congel&oacute; unas cuantas veces. Nada terrible, pero pareciera que al desbloquearlo qued&oacute; alg&uacute;n tema de soft. Laconexi&oacute;n de datos x wifi es muy buena, pero el telefono activa el modo ahorro energ&iacute;a y el wifi suele desconectarse cuando el tel. est&aacute; en reposo (basta sacarlo de reposo para que vuelva a conectarse) La calidad del aparato es muy buena, tiene muy buen sonido el altoparlante y la definici&oacute;n de la pantalla es buen&iacute;sima. La calidad de sonido para hablar tambi&eacute;n es buen&iacute;sima. La bater&iacute;a dura aprox. 1 dia seg&uacute;n el uso (como la mayor&iacute;a de los smartphones actuales).Mi opini&oacute;n: el SII me parece una muy buena alternativa al iPhone pero 1/3 mas barato (comparando precios de aparatos desbloqueados). La plataforma de soft de Android (google play) tiene las mismas aplicaciones populares que se consiguen para apple (dropbox, instagram, redes sociales, juegos, etc, etc, etc). P

it is only a semi intelligent phone on straight talk. it is an international model with a lot of aps from Europe that cant be removed. it locks up and you need to remove the battery, to unlock it.  you get what you pay for

Before purchasing this phone I compared several phones including the iPhone 4S. I was looking for a phone that would have fast performance, good camera, access to synchronization with my company's Mail Exchange server 2010 and personal web email, social network activity, and ease of use. Also, wanted the best price possible without compromise.I decided on the Samsung Galaxy Sii because has everything I want including the price.  I have used it for a month now and feels I have used it longer. It is very intuitive and has the right size screen (I have big fingers). I used the manual only one time, the rest of the setup was very easy, again, intuitive.I spend a significant amount of time in Europe and this phone is perfect. It works with all the carriers I use and I do not have to adjust the SIM card like with the iPhone because uses the standard size. The phone came with the European plug and the adapter to USA electrical outlets.If you are looking for a phone that you will be happy with for many years look no further, the Samsung Galaxy Sii is the one you need.

The phone its excellent but this is the french version, the processor was regulated from the original S2 and that make this model i little bit slowEl telefono es excelente pero esta es la version francesa, que fue regulada en comparacion al S2 original, y pues a veces se nota porque el telefono se pone pesado en algunos momentos, a pesar de eso sigue siendo un buen telefono bastante recomendable

I've received it today and I am amazed by this piece of art, I am working on it for 5 hours and I don't wanna leave it.The size is bigger than  expected, but that is good for surfing the internet, also you can add many widgets on many home screens.The phone is very slim and light.I recommend this product, Good luck :)

If it matters to you about the model number...I bought this phone from Amazon itself, a couple of weeks ago.  What they sent me was the GT-I9100G (note G) model.  I reported it, but the item description has not been changed.  I don't know what the other sellers are sending out, but I think only the G model is now being made.  Samsung changed the processors, and put a lesser video chipset in the G model, but it is supposed to get better battery life, and not overheat under heavy load, because the cpu max is limited.There is a huge outcry internationally, because Samsung put the G model in the non-G box originally, without telling anybody, but the box I got had the G on the end.I spent many hours on this because of the SA-I9100 listed in the item model section, and it was not what Amazon shipped at all!Also, this phone works on ATT if you can get a signal. Does not work well in my house, even though I am in Birmingham, AL, where Bellsouth was big, and merged into ATT.  Duh!  I ordered a T-Mobile sim card, also, but only get Edge because this phone does not have the 1700 MHZ frequency that T-Mobile uses for 4G in the US.  I think ATT uses the 1900, but has made post failed merger deal for T-Mobile to deploy it at some time, whch is a rumor only. It might already be available out west in the US.You have to know or search how to set the APN to even get this phone to show the data availability.At least T-Mobile works every time slowly, but during the day, ATT is unusable at my house in the city limits.  Good luck!  If you are in US, you need a strong ATT signal to make this one work right, but when it does, it's a babe.

one of the few items that i didnt get satisfied with the purchase.it has a lotttssss of problems even thought i bought 2 but one of them as if it was already been used :(

I don't know how it is possible but Samsung galaxy Sii with gorilla glass has a scratch on its visor. Probably because it is not a real gorilla glass. Poor Samsung. It will never be an apple. I am still waiting an answer from you about that. Thanks

I'm using it for Movistar Venezuela, it works perfectly as it should. It's a beautiful phone with Android OS which makes it an excelent device.Everything you can see about this phone is perfectly great, the ONLY ONE thing nobody would like is the battery, it waste very fast but making some changes on the OS you can make it improve.It uses the same bands as Movistar, so it works with 3G and HSPA.

excelente producto, perfecto estado muy rapida atencion y respuesta a tiempo, envios seguro producto perfecto estado atencion muy buena gracias

WARNING DONT BUY THIS  chinese phone non working as samsung quality this item feels cheap plastic and the functios doesnt work properly signal zucks this is the worse urchase i ever make in amazon i dont understand how amazon let the cheater keep seling.ESTAFA&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; celular copia china no funciona bien hecho de platico barato!!!

The phone is really light compare to the previous samsung phone that I had. This is definitely a great product that you would want to spend your money on. Lastly, Amazon did a good job on shipping it the next day! FTW Amazon!!

The Samsung Galaxy s2 is not working properly. The phone turns off on its own and the programs in the operating system run slow. Problems hearing when on the phone. I'll would like to get a replacement.

I am going to spend a year in France and I am loking an unlocked cell phone who work there .thank you , if you have any recomendation

This itemSamsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)has been nothing but trouble. After a couple of months it froze. Could not turn it off, nor on past the Galaxy SII image. Could not do reeset of any kind. Had to find someone who could load up original software from scratch. Since then it seems to have trouble recognizing 4G signal. It works okay on WIFI but with 4G I have to restart it about every 20 minutes. Then it tells me that Internet has stopped again which is not the case. Also, all of the home page icons disappear several times each day and yes I have to restart to get them back. And the battery sometimes runs down in one hour even when not in use.I have tried a soft reset and factory reset to no avail. After the factory reset I tried to sync with my desktop and it proceeded to delete all of my contacts from the computer.Oh, and by the way I have not been able to find anyone in Samsung nor at Amazon who  wants to know. Apparently this Samsung product comes with no guarantee even though I was assured when I purchased it that Samsung would stand behind it. Unfortunately I did not get that in writing.Lesson learned: No more Samsung and no more purchases of similar items from Amazon.Overall a very bad experience with both the product and the seller.

This's a great piece of technology, it's thin, light, incredible screen and fast. I bought this for my brother and he's so happy with it. Totally recommended.

The phone only worked properly when it was on speaker.Could not talk when it was off speaker.Returned for refund.

i think they put out a phone every monthi dont now why people talk in the phonethey look ridicoulusloooooool

Hi,I just got my phone GT-I9100G last Friday.. Without knowing the issue about GT-I9100 and GT-I9100G, I started using the phone and fell in love at first sight and touch.. It is a awesome phone , way better than iPhone 4s .. Now today while I opened the review of this phone in Amazon I came to know about the fight between G and no G.. I became concerned and worried.. I did a deep research online.. First I came to know G at the end comes when it is made outside US.. And then after a extensive research I am convinced that both these two  models have ALMOST identical product features and they both have a little advantages over other.. If you are concerned about the battery life, less over heating, then G is better than no G.. GT-I9100 uses 1.2Ghz dual core Exynox 4210, while GT-I9100G uses 1.2Ghz dual core TI OMAP4430. This is the only difference.. So it is reported that  GT-I9100G might feel lag when opening up too many app compare to GT-I9100 model. Believe me, I did not have this problem with multi-tasking though.. So I have decided not to return this model as I am not a hardcore gamer and l do not like to play with the custom firmware and kernel modification thing. To me battery life and less over heating is more important.. So it is time not be afraid with GT-I9100G... Probably it is better than GT-I9100...For more information, see the link..[...]

My cell phone worked well for 2 weeks and then stopped working. I can not reach the signal for phone calls and I get the message: &#34;No Service&#34;. But when I insert the same SIM CARD in a different cell phone, the sim card works perfectly. So, the problem is the cell phone... I dont recommend.

This phone is definitely an iphone killer. It has everything one needs. The screen is perfect. It is thinner than other high end phones. It works fast and can do anything a computer does.

hello, my question is, the product model (Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)) is Samsung Galaxy GT-I9100 or Samsung Galaxy GT-I9100G?

I have owned a Samsung Plasma and Laptop for over 6 years and am 100% delighted with their performances. So when considering a new Smart Phone, I researched the Galaxy S II (and the I-Phone, Sony, Nokia). It was delivered next day to me from AMAZON for a small shipping charge. It is a pleasure to navigate thru its functions and its 8.0 mega pixel camera is very convenient. I like the large numerals on the dialer and the Qwerty key pad. It will make nice Christmas gifts for the other members of my family.

Buy this phone from Amazon, and actually the phone when I received looked good, very nice but the phone is set to charge and discharge the battery began in synthesis did not come in good condition. I made the complaint to amazon but told me to make the claim to the manufacturer under warranty. Currently the phone is in dehuso It turns out that in Costa Rica, the warranty is not valid because it was purchased online. I do not recommend buying this type of item that you as a customer and has no endorsement by the company. It is unfortunate invest money and then lose that. Roman Vega Enner Costa Rica

The product arrived at the agreed time and to the data shown, the only detail was that the device came with an anomaly, it is presumed that it was in transit. Recommended seller.

I recived the phone and the box was not even from samsung, the lid is not the original and comparing it with an original one its seems quite different in the inside, its assemble differently, and the camara lens its very different. It comes with an android version of 2.3.5 and cannot even up graded, iT says there is not a software actualization. The left button does not work,the center button is really hard to push. The button for volumen its hard too when i want to get ii to be in a higher level. Want to return it

El telefono es perfectoDesde que lo tuve en mis manos pude comprobar porque es el mejor celular del a&ntilde;o, comenzando por la velocidad y fluidez de sus aplicaciones y su interfaz, complementado con la navegacion por internet, ya que al poseer adobe flash player, permite hacerlo como una computadora.El telefono lo adquiri por amazon y estoy en Ecuador y funciona de mil maravilla, a&ntilde;adiendo que tiene garantia internacional por eso se los recomiendo

I got this phone one month ago and i cant get away from it. For the first 6 hours i could not put it down. It also has good battery.I can make fro 5:30 am till 9:00 pm with moderate use. i could definitively recommend this phone

first experience with android and have to say the phone itself is amazing..android is still behind apple in terms of user experience though.don't hesitate to buy this darling.

item supposed to be new,unlocked,international version, they sent me an broken item, I already spent $95 to fix it and still doesn't work there's no connexion, bad thing I took it out of the US, no warranty, over $400 trown to the garbage! BS..!Never buy from this seller, it's a rip off!

I'm very happy with this phone. There is no problem with that and run very fast and light.If you want a real smartphone this is your option.

when I got it , it has some problems when I call someone. Now&#65292;it totally didn't work. I use my old phone. don't buy it

I have returned the phone without trying it because the earphones were missing and  I do not need a phone without earphones.

Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)I have been tracking this phone for a while until I was able to buy it but now the price has gone sky high and it is too expensive... The phone is actually cheaper than what you are selling it for in my country... I would of bought it if you had it for the original $512 but now........ ebay has this phone cheaper so if anyone is looking for one but at a better price try ebay

Excellent product, arrived without incident and in perfect condition. New product, 100% recomiento seller, very responsible and punctual. The best relationship between price and quality, do not hesitate to buy. The phone is very functional, fast and has incredible graphics.Excelente producto, llego sin contratiempo y en perfecto estado. Producto nuevo, recomiento 100% al vendedor, muy responsable y puntual. La mejor relacion entre precio y calidad, no duden en comprar. El telefono es muy funcional, rapido y tiene unos graficos increibles.

This SmartPhone is almost perfect, but the cam not as good as my blackberry 9780.I  think that is the only contra....

I love this phone. I had iPhone 4s and I still prefer this one. Bigger screen, and something that for me is very important Battery!. It last longer way longer that iPhone. The camera is great too.  On the cons, a few minor details I don't like android so much, contacts are very difficult to manage, and that's it.

I RECEIVED THE PHONE ON TIME AND THATS THE ONLY GOOD THING. THE PHONE WOULD NOT UPDATE ON SAMSUNG KIES SOFTWARE, RADIO DOES NOT WORK, SWIPE DOES NOT WORK. I WILL ADMIT THAT THE PHONE WILL MAKE AND RECEIVE CALLS.BUT THATS IT. DONT KNOW WHY SELLER PLAYED WITH PHONE. THE PROBLEM IS THAT ITS NOT WORTH RETURNING THE PHONE FOR A REFUND AS I AM OVERSEAS LIVING IN THE CARIBBEAN. PHONE WAS BOUGHT AND SHIIPED TO A FREIGHT FORWARDER. WOULD NEVER BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN.

Do not buy this phone, I purchased this phone via a friend an found the phone in a sealed box, but not original samsung packaging.the phone I purchased is not the one displayed, it does not even have samsung on the front!The camera is different to my old SII, definite RIP OFF!!! Sending it back NOW!!

The online offer for the Samsung Galaxy SII is much better than what I have to pay for in Hong Kong!  It works great but can not display Chinese, still not a problem for an english user.

Bought this Samsung Galaxy SII back in Nov 2011 after getting frustrated with a cheap android LG Optimus One due to the severely limited internal memory for apps. (Lesson learnt: Always get the best phone out there if you want your phone to last at least 2 years)Pros:- Generous 2G internal device memory + 12G internal usb storage + 32G external micro SD card storage (bought separately) giving you 14G of internal memory to store those pesky apps which could not be moved to external storage.- Gorgeous Amoled plus screen. Black and colours don't look any better.- Pretty good camera.- Probably just the right size to use with one hand. I use the built-in Swype as my text input and could actually write faster than normal typing.- Fast, responsive and surfing the net with one hand is actually a pretty decent experience.- Wifi tethering works great.- Really enjoyed using the phone for the past year.- Latest android update 4.0.3Cons:- Battery life. All smartphones probably face this issue. Bought a 3500mah extended battery (which however makes the phone look ghastly - Samsung should really, REALLY, think about incorporating optional heavy duty battery packs into its design yet have a relatively slim, even, stream-lined appearance). The ugly extended battery allows for really heavy duty surfing and usage throughout the day or two. Activate android's power saving feature in settings for greater effect.- Home button also used for Vlingo's irritating voice talk feature, so you get to Voice talk instead of home. (Samsung - There's no need to ape Apple's Siri - voice recognition is a dead in the water feature for most people and not worth incorporating it as a core).Conclusion:I think this phone fulfils all my smartphone expectations and I think the chief difference for choosing between this older model and Galaxy SIII would probably be the screen size. But for one hand use, think this phone should be the best.

except for some details with the signal been a good product. Greetings, I hope to change the information concerning the bands on the bill are wrong standing.

If you drop the galaxy S2 and the screen becomes damaged, do not bother to repair it, the original Samsung screen replacement is $150 to $ 200, cheap china made screen is around $90 to $120. In top of that you have to add the labor cost. The risk of repairing it for such a high price is not worth it, just drop in the garbage and buy a new phone.It is good material for an artificial reef.Lesson learned if you are going to buy an unlocked phone with a price range of $400 to $600, first check how much the replacement screen is.

Great product, it was delivered in two business day, and works perfect with Brazilian service provider (Tim).It displays the logo of "T-Mobile" when initializing, but aside from that it works perfectly in Brazil, no configuration required.The only inconvenience is that turning it on for the first time, the language is configured to German, once you discover how to change it to English (or Portuguese) everything else works fine.The android market has a great variety of apps, I'm starting to like it better than my ipad.

Overall, for the price, it is not a bad deal,  however....  Read on...The bad:The phone came in a case that was not sealed,  and looked like it was tampered with.  So I suspect it was not new.Also, the phone came with Gingerbread 2.3.6 and was rooted.  It had superuser and other root tools already on it.The battery life is suspiciously low, so I suspect that a used battery was placed in the box as well.The good:Since the phone was already rooted, it was easy to upgrade to the samsung official Jelly Bean 4.1.  I have a newer Galaxy with Jelly Bean 4.2 and I must say, that I like it better than 4.1.Has a Micro SD slot for memory expansionTakes full sim cardsI'll update this review as I get more time on the phone.

Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black). The cell phone arrived to my house (Venezuela) on time in perfect condictions, the box was sealed to me is a good seller.

I bought this product like an UNLOCKED Phone and this really was not. I have an account with Movilnet (an importanta telephonic operator in Venezuela) and this band is blocked. I can NOT use the Phone.

llevado por la curiosidad y dada la fama del sistema operativo androide decide vender mi blackberry torch (he tenido casi todos los modelos de blackberry) y comprar este samsung galaxy s2 i9100 lo compre en amazon y aun no me llega a mis manos, fue retenido por la aduana y toco pagar 224 dolares de impuestos por este bendito celular desde ya estoy muy decepcionando, tanta demora y que no llene mis expectativas !!!!!

the camera doesn't work at all.  The phone freezes up.  It gets poor reception.  Sometimes it won't open and activate.  I need to return it.

This smartphone is a great product. I am From Venezuela and im using the phone with movistar, it give me Hplus all the time and is very fast and very easy to use. It helps you with a lot of task that you need to do daily, and is very good for use it like a student tool because it can recognize all the documents that you need to use. The screen does not scratch, the camera is awesome, and the apps that you can get with android are great.

i order the phone, galaxy s 11 GT-19100 and igot a galaxy s11 skyrocket, it got to me without a box and with a battery which is not from samsung, and it does not last 24 hours, i was offered to have it change but if i send back the one i got, i will be left with no phone, and i'm in spain. This tnings are very important and details matter.

When i buy the phone.. i got surprise because i couldnt get this work on 3g .. i was travelling in nyc... over the the company (verizon) that only if i buy the phono with them i would have 3g conexion....Buuut when i returned my country.. it connects on the very first try and automatically on 4g coneczion !!!!!!This phone is amazzinnnggg all my friends just cant believe the quality of  the videos...  internez works perfect i can access my banks applications fast and easy ... if i loose this phone i definetly buy another one !!!

I like the phone but I've had trouble changing the language to Spanish, is otherwise excellent and very fast. Thanks

I recently purchased this phone despite all of the hype about the iphone, because I have only PC's at home and knew it would be more difficult to sync everything I've ever owned just to get the "glorious iphone".  Simultaneously I had a friend get the iphone 4s.  After using both at the same time a few things became very obvious- 1. the samsung is much lighter and inobtrusive, it feels more like a phone and less like a brick with a speaker  2. the quality of the picture looked sharper to me 3. the samsung seems much more user friendly.  Of course if you're used to all of the Apple operating systems I suppose it's relative, but once you start with Apple you have to convert everything you've ever owned- completely not worth it.  Quite frankly, I prefer the samsung hands down.It works great, I've had no problems with the battery because I only use the web sparingly.  You really won't want to put this phone down!  It also came quickly in the mail, in the original box, and has given me no problems.  As an international customer, I was happy to see that it came with a European charger instead of an American one.  If you're buying for use only in the US, don't get the international version, or at least be aware you'll have to buy a charger.  The seller seems very credible and has a great product.

This mobile was already used and I guess they change the covers, because it was with glue around the borders....also the telephone was BLOCK! so this means that they dont sell factory unblock mobiles....they unblock them at the store....

I really love this phone and the fact that it is lightweight. Almost feels like you are not holding anything and fits into your pocket quite easily. Although of late I have experienced some freezing and abrupt shutdown and reboot, I still think it is a great phone nonetheless.

I just came from an HTC HD2 and it was great, I didn't thought it could get better is so short time. I was wrong!After my HTC HD2 died I bought this one after reading some reviews and I got very good impression of it. I have been with it for more then a month and I am still finding it very nice and still learning to use it.Great piece of technologyVery well doneVery thin and lightweightFinish is splendid.The only problem I found until now is that my screen have a blue tint on it, specially if I bring the brightness down to 90%, so I keep it always at 100% which is not good for battery. The tint is also very noticeble by a subtle change of view angle. I read that a lot of people is complaining, some says it is a problem and that you can get one without tint, others says it is a characteristic of the SAMOLED display, I just RMA my one to get a new one and hope to get one that does not have blue tint but if it comes this time I will just keep it, because it is not big deal.I use it with a Ballistic case.

Let's put it this way. The micro usb port of the phone is failing for a very significant percentage of us customers. Android becomes crazy and detects battery over heating, it reboots, it enables driving mode, turns on Samsung Kies over and over... and all of this because the port is not working. Search through the internet and find out that this is becoming a headache for most of us. I would certainly turn it back if I didn't live 3000 miles away from the US.Piece of junk... I can't even connect it to my machine and fill it with music anymore.

El mejor telefono del mundo (casi casi es la tapa del frasco de los telefonos), sin duda la mejor opcion actualmente.

very good phone, one of the best in the market....i recommended this.....thanks. buy it before it raises the price. ok

One of the thinnest smartphones on the market. Very nice screen, decent camera for a phone. I get over two days of usage out of a charge, which is pretty good for a smartphone, but I don't use cellular data, only wifi data and cellular voice / texts, and I also rooted it and slimmed down the software running on it.Which brings me to the second part of this review, the software: The firmware it comes with is actually rather good, and this version of TouchWiz isn't as bad as I've heard previous versions were. There are many quite customized roms available, including a stable release of cyanogenmod, but I went back to the stock firmware but rooted and with various samsung components uninstalled, and I like it quite well. I'm not fond of the default lock screen options, and it is silly that one has to root the phone to uninstall junk and customize the lock screen, but most phones are even worse in this regard.Rooting and installing mods is not very hard and doesn't depend upon security holes which samsung would periodically fix in updated firmware requiring new rooting tools: instead you restart the device and hold a combination of physical buttons to put it into "download mode" and use a tool available for windows or an open source one available for linux or mac to flash new software onto it. There's no cat-and-mouse game with Samsung. It's worked quite well for me.One final note, this is the European original GT-I9100 I'm talking about, the galaxy S2 variations available from US carriers are going to have worse prospects with rooting and rom compatibility (in addition to being thicker and generally being worse designs).

My dear friends be careful, as soon as I received it it came in a box like shoe-box, it is a refurbished device, also I wanted to use it in Venezuela, and guess what??? it is blocked it means that is not a unlocked device. Regards

I bought my Samsung Galaxy SII 7 December 2012 and it work great.. After  seven months of usage  the phone die and refuse to turn on.. I charged the phone but still it would not  come on...  I spent $419 and I don't feel I got my money worth...  Why is this happening to me..

the product is very compatible to my demands,it works as expected ,without any problem,the camera is very Qualitative.very good

The phone is refurbished and not new, the signal comes and goes. Waste of money. I am very upset about the product.

Its refubished not new as advertised.  After 1 year and 1 month a celphone bought for $439 in september 2012 its now gone because it was refurbish not new. and repairing it its more expensive than a new one.

I love this phone. It is really sleek and easy to use. So far I have had no problems at all with it. Admittedly, it is  bit larger than my previous phone(a Blackberry Bold 9700 which gave me no end of trouble, until it leapt off of my bedisde table and the screen went white), but the thin build makes up for the height. I went for this one over the Samsung Galaxy S III because of the price and size (it's smaller than th S III) and it would allow to have almost the same experience as the S III.

Excellent product. Not too versed with Android OS but quite happy with the device. Would recommend to others. Price was quite reasonable.

I bought Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone through amazon. it was working fine but unfortunately, the phone has stopped to search the contact number. it gives an error message which is " the process android.process.acore has stopped unexpectedly. please try again" . i have troubleshooted to fix this issue but i could not fix it.

The phone is very fast and has great finish, but you need to recharge the battery every day if you use the internet or gps. Despite the battery last only one day, the performance of this phone surprised me. You will need a cover and protective films.

It is a very fast device. There are no delays when clicking an application. The integration with my google account is just perfect. It has an excellent screen size with a very bright high resolution. So far I lack nothing about it.

I loved everything about this phone and was very sad when it wouldn't work with my cell phone plane. I had to return it.

Product in perfect conditions, box complete. The phone is the same model that is in the ad. Deliveried on time.Works perfectly!

I received the article and started using it, so far works perfectly. I liked this item because it has international warranty.

es rapido! delgado! bateria dura 2 dias!!  levanta 3G!! tiene software 4.04! funciona perfecto movistar !! el mejorrr ningun blackberry le llega a los pies... VENEZUELA

galaxy s2 is pretty good phone bought it for the wife. 2nd bought from fgs trading the phone was suppose to come in next week on tuesday but its already here fri the 16th. This vendor is pretty good well continue ordering from this company.

Had my old Samsung Galaxy SII GT-I 9100 stolen. So I ordered a new one , same model which came as usual with Amazon very quickly. But the I tried to load a separate sd card, and had to find out that this phone by no means is the same as my old one. I watched every youtube video on this model, but none of them looked inside like my toy. You simply cannot use a sd card on this one.Reception is terrible unlike my old SII. Tried to update the sotware to solve the problem... turned out to be impossible the same. This Phone runs on the oldest software version of Android. I believe it is simply a badly mad Copy. DONT BUY THIS PHONE.I will return it to Amazon and hopefully get a refund.

Te cell phone is good , nice , and new....... but it is not as described . It is not the GT-I9100 model, instead it is the GT-I9100G version. I got rid of it within three days.

good day, the delivery time was fast, the team arrived in perfect condition, the cell is a marvel does everything they say and even more, I would totally recommend the best phone in the world until now ... The only bad thing was that the home charger that came with the phone, is not used in Latin America but I could fix :-( buy an adapter to be fitted to the charger which cost me a few cents and it works perfectly ...

Just received this phone - truly a work of art (and science)!Bought this version because of the international warranty, and the box label repeats the international warranty phrase.  The included instructions are in Spanish, as this is an "SA" version, which apparently means South America.When you first turn the phone on, everything's in Spanish, however one can tap right on the first screen to change everything to a different language, and I changed it to English.Lots of positive reviews on this phone already on the web - mine would be superfluous, and a bit premature since I've only had it for about 22 hours.Everything's great so far - and it's especially easy to integrate it with Gmail - no surprise there with Google behind the scenes!

This phone is one the best available on the market. It works impressively well with blazing speeds and amazing screen on which everything looks great. The only downside is that like all android crashes sometimes unexplicably.

great phone I loooove it. its not too big and not too small.... the fault is poor battery life and also that there is no 3g or 4g option in network selection.  real let off. sigh......but overall great phone

The smartphone works perfect and is more impressive than any iphone you have seen before for sure. I can't say anything about the warranty, it suppose to be international and I hope I will never need it. My only advice if you buy one is... some companies in Toronto, Canada, and maybe around the world, have been offering this phone as a 4G, but actually this phone comes with a H+ speed, which is a middle point speed between 3G and 4G. Probably you won't find any difference with 4G now because the average speed in the market is slower than 3G and 4G, but be aware of it, you never know in the future things can change.

El vendedor en ningun momento especifica que el telefono es usado, por favor tenga mas seriedad en sus ventas, el telefono llego con muchos detalles en la carcaza, es un irresponsable.

Terrible waste of money, dropped calls, constantly freezing up, not user friendly at all.  Bad calling reception...Battery is always used up.

Es un excelente telefono, lo compre para ser usado en venezuela, llego en excelentes condiciones y funciona en 3G para todas las operadoras venezolanas

es el mejor equipo que he tenido hasta los momentos, seriedad en el vendedor lo recomiendo en un 100%. excelente calidad

This is a really good phone, I had one before, lost it and bought the same one instead of going with the latest s4. The sellear was good too, shipped on time.

The stupid phone came and would not charge  and IF it did charge up, it would discharge in less than 20 mins.  After contacting the seller I was told that if I return the phone I would not be reimbursed for shipping it back which to me is nonsense since it's their fault the stupid phone doesn't work! It's seems to be a boot leg version of the real phone! Even the word &#34;samsung&#34; on the back of the phone is bootleg! the letters started dropping off! Instead of returning the phone which would have been more expensive for me I had to take the phone to a technician and still order a new battery to put in it. This phone is crap! Sold it for less than I bought it since only someone desperate can deal with this piece of.... Can I put NO STARS!!!

Is the best smart phone I ever had, it has a lote of free good programa and Is a very ligth phone.

I was very supprised with what this cell phone could all do and how fast it was doing it, it is very easy to carry it as it is much lighter then the IPhone and much faster and with better screen then it.Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Warranty (Black)

I have a problem with the equipment, software damage and need to know exactly the version of this phone, and what country it comes from?please need an answer as soon as possible

The phone arrived promptly but did not have a sim card and didn't have network ID number.  Suggestions were made to take out the sim card on another cell phone.  Found it cheaper someplace else.

Was playing music and the phone suddenly locked up. When I attempted to exit the music app the home button did not respond. I removed the battery and sim and restarted the phone but still the same results. Now the power button works sporadically to wake up the phone. This means i have to remove the battery at least three times a day just to wake up my phone when in screen lock.

My roommate bought sg s2- i9100 too, at a higher rate anyway,though her own is white colour but this black one is nothing like her own. this is of very low quality ,very  light like fake China phone ,u know. but other things I haven't checked yet,like camera and some stuffs. Aside the quality, its working perfectly fine. so that's that's the main thing. but Amazon is great. They care for their customers.2Nd update8/20/13This phone is a very big disappointment...it has poor or no reception...it drops and delays calls unexpectedly. The internet comes and goes...I dont really know what to do abt it,whether to return it to AMAZON or not as it has not passsed 30 days. Amazing how the same product turns out to be so annoying!!!!

Charger fall down after 2 weeks working. The good news is that the smartphone is still working and I can charge it using my  old charger which is 3 years old.

It is not a real phone. It feels like plastic, it doesn't allow 4G, and it doesn't have a slot for the SD card.

He comprado 4 equipos a este proveedor, con excelentes resultados.  Muy cumplido. Sobre el smartphone puedo decir que es excelente, incluso la pila me ha sorprendido frente otros telefonos de igual gama o un poco m&aacute;s baja que he tenido, ya que se ha comportado muy aceptablemente.  El software "Android" impecable. Dos telefonos llegaron en aleman, pero se cambia el idioma y perfecto.I bought 4 teams of this provider, with excellent results. Very satisfied. About the smartphone this is excellent, even the battery has surprised me in front of other phones in the same range than I had, as it has done very acceptably. The software "Android" impeccable. Two smartphones arrived in German, but changing the language works perfect.

This is everything and more I expected in a phone. It is light, fits in my hand well, has a fast processor, among many other things. I don't think there is anything about this phone that I don't like after using it for 4 weeks. Personally I think it is a better buy than the S3 right now even. If you are looking for a phone, get this one!

I had this phone for about 9 months and thought it was the perfect phone.  Everything seemed perfect. Then, suddenly, the maps stopped working.  I was driving out in the country and when I tried to use navigation, the map app simply reported "Waiting for location" and never started working.  It hasn't worked since.  I have searched for insight online and have found that numerous other people have experienced the same failure of their maps.  Nothing about the map app works any more; I can't view any map nor navigate.  Fail.  This phone is below valueless because it is almost dangerous.  Do not buy this phone.

i like the phone. i haven't connected yet to my wireless internet carrier the wifi works good and fast.i would have given it a 5 star but some of the applications are in korean which cannot be reset to english which is a minus to me unless someone can show me how to reset it to get the english version .the phone was delivered quicker than expected even tough it wasn't shipped early.i put my simple mobile sim card in and it worked even though it said no service initially .overall the phone is nice. the sllers have patience to communicate to you and explain matters to your understanding.

saludos ya me fue entregada como lo ofrecido . este Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen... es exelente

the phone dose not work well in the USA, But when i took it overseas  i had do problemthe phone came in a repackage case and i realize it wasn't open for the first time, It also came with a motorola head phone. Im not pleased with my order therefore i would not buy from this store again.Adrian: Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)]]

This is a nice phone, great screen, very slim and light.But where is the international warranty ???????????????????????????I couldn't find any warranty card in the box.

I don't know why but the camera and battery didn't work. It fell down from a chair and the display screen broke. Don't buy from this seller EVER!

Purchased this smartphone 2 years ago, and it is still working and almost like new (never used cases)... Very nice product.

Mobile Group, sell me an original Samsung Galaxy S2, it works in may country.I aprecciatte.Thanks very much.ANGELA GIL

the phone is very impresive!!! I love the features that it has, battery last enough to cover your working day using mail facebook, waze, twiter, etc. very lightweight and thin. My only complaint is that I bought an international version and it won't update the Android version nor Kies or OTA. This is annoying. it seems that the seller loaded a kernel that can't be changed at least easily

This phone is amazing! It's powerful enough to handle any tasks designed for the top smartphones. I won't be surprised if Galaxy s2 will eventually beat the Galaxy Nexus S by overal feedbacks as well as by popualarity. I was lucky enough to get this phone in October for $530. Since I bought it the price was gradually increasing reaching $699. If you wanna be "an independent smartphone user", not being locked to useless services, applications and borring interface then this cellphone is a great solution for you!

I am truly impressed with the versatality of the Galaxy S2. I have read many reviews and must say that some of them nearly put me off buying a Galaxy. I am not sorry I bought one, I have now bought 3 more for my wife and 2 daughters!

I bought two phones: A Samsung Omnia 7 with Windows Phone and this Samsung Galaxy SII.I can't believe how cheap the quality of SII is. Also the OS is zero friendly compared to my Windows Phone 7.Good things are the camera and the screen size...I like that.

Fantastic value for money. Upgraded to ICS the minute I got it, would be nice if it were already upgraded.

The Samsung GT-I9100 Galaxy S II does not support the T-Mobile transmission frequencies required for 4G in the USA.  T-Mobile requires both 1700-MHz and 2100-MHz frequencies (1700/2100) to enable 4G uplinks and downlinks.  This phone supports only quadband frequencies (850/900/1800/1900 MHz).  If using T-Mobile in the United States, the maximum speed you can get from this device is 2G at 1900-MHz.Repeat:  This device does not work with T-Mobile 4G in the United States.Update:  Both Samsung and T-Mobile have since upgraded their software for this phone.  It now supports both 3G and "H+", the T-Mobile 4G equivalent. The phone automatically goes for the strongest clear signal in order to reduce the number of dropped signals. (Update written 07/31/2013)

I thought that I was buying the International version but instead of it what I received is a Korean version. So I cannot connect it with the net that I have worked for years in my country.Im asking for a change of product, Im still waiting for an answer. The good part of this is that Amazon is really responsible with the products that they send you and have an aswer even if they are just an intermediary.

The Amazone service is great, they have the best prices, the cell phone came in good conditions and works wonderful, it is a great cell phone, the delivery is fast and I dont'n give it 5 stars because it came without the respective manual that the owner should have because without it you couln't do it nothing, but my son has one and thanks to that my husband started to learn in part how does this wonderful cell phone works, it is the best cell phone we ever had buySamsung Galaxy S II Epic Touch 4G Android Phone (Sprint)

This smartphone is Great. I love it! too fast, is light, I can install a lot of applications, games and more. the camera is surprising good.

el telefono vino con defecto de sofware no bloquea la pantalla ni con clave ni con patron ni con bloqueo facial y la bateria vino da&ntilde;ada no dura una hora cargada

The only issue i've had with it is that i've had it for 2 days and it already got scratched on the back plate so PLEASE buy yourself a cover for it right away the backplate is stupidly easy to scratch.Speed awesome, reception awesome, battery life? was my main concern, it's been 12 hrs now of semi- consistent 3G browsing facebooking (not much calls tho) and i'm still 35% of battery left.

- OS: Android is very nice, only I wish all the apps dindt ask for so many permissions like: access to phones contacts' data, serial number. Once in a while it freezes for a short period of time, but restarting the app solves it.- Device: great for my expectations, 8MP camera, is not that fast but holding it still helps you take good pics, processor is not so fast for modern standards (Nov 2012) but very nice things can be done, edit audio, pics, write notes, (you know). The most important thing for me, even when the new galaxy SIII is now out, is the size, very useful, not too big but not too small. Probably the only really BAD thing is that camera lenses are not very well protected.- Amazon experience: well... even though I'm from Mexico, I still buy here when I can, It's great when you buy from a seller and they send you your products by a delivery company (FedEx, DHL,UPS), BAD when you order via common postal service, USPS I bet is great but Mexico's is horrendous (this might have been stolen) , so amazon does an awesome job coordinating sells from other small businesses and great at not dealing with problematic bureaucracy.

El producto es tal cual la descripcion indicaba y en el envio llego en tiempo y forma.Estoy muy conforme con la compra

The cellphone wasnt new... it was an used cellphone with a new housing that isnt oem and the batterie isnt oem and the cellphone doesnt works..

Excelente telefono movil. Este equipo tiene las herramientas que necesitas para trabajar, mantenerte informado y entretenerte, de facil y agradable manejo. De rapida conexion. Lo recomiendo.

Excelente m&oacute;vil, y la compra todo bien! el galaxy es el modelo I9100G, que es diferente al I9100, pero estoy totalmente satisfecha con mi compra y funciona muy bien aqu&iacute; en en Venezuela. Saludos.

I'm not sure where to start or what should be the focus of the review. So if someone has an specific question, ask, and I'll do my best to answer it.First of all, I had an N8 Nokia phone which I loved (mainly for the camera and GPS navigation), but had enough draw backs with the OS (Symbian) that I started looking else where for my next phone.I evaluated carefully this phone for a month and decided to keep it, at the end.The phone is crazy fast (changing between screen, menus, apps, etc.), the OS (Android Gingerbread) is really smooth and friendly.The resolution is amazing.The 5.1 sound is really nice (saw a movie with this option ON, and it sounded great).Internet browsing is as fluid as with a PC.There are TOO many apps, so you'll have a lot of fun with that.One issue that a heard before was the battery life, so my test and results are these:* 3G ON, Wifi ON, Sync ON, Notification ON: 8 - 10 hours* 3G OFF, Wifi ON, Sync ON, Notification ON: 20-24 hours* 3G OFF, Wifi OFF, Sync OFF, Notification OFF (only turning data ON when needed): 36 - 40 hours.So in my case, it really depends on how much time 3G is ON and how my personal configuration (data sync) was set. In my opinion, this is not a problem at all.Camera is great (even compared to the N8).Video is great.GPS is good, but not great (I miss the Ovi Maps ... which, at this point, would like them to sell their software). Google Maps won't do without data (or at least won't work efficiently). Bought CoPilot and the result is average, but at least it was cheap (around 10 dollars).Tested (successfully 3G) with the following carriers:* AT&T; (U.S.)* Telcel (Mexico)Of course, if I compare any of these features with the N8, the difference is enormous, but the real rival is the iPhone. So I tried my wife iPhone4 for a while, so I could get a better perspective. And I'm sorry to say (to Android fans ... or Apple fans, for that matter) that between these two, it totally depends on taste or the one that you actually own.I wouldn't trade this phone for an iPhone, and my wife wouldn't trade her iPhone for my GS2 (but we both thought that the other ones phone seemed really great), so you see, I guess what I can resume from this is that both phones are really good ... the details, well it depends on the user, I guess.Anyways, really fast, fun and time consuming.So overall, really happy with the phone.Oh yeah, before I forget, one important fact (for some, I'm guessing), although I'm a tekkie and might ROOT and put some special ROM on the phone at some point (just for kicks), the review and my final opinion is on the phone as sold, so I wouldn't go and say that these android phones are only for geeks/tekkies.Cheers.

Para mi de lo mejor del mundo hasta ahora!! es excelente..todas las aplicaciones vuelan y fue solo sacarlo de la caja y ponerle el simcard y listo.. el unico punto menos bueno,es q la bateria dura poco menos de un dia.. pero no es ningun inconveniente! ADORO el SII

Misleading advertising.  There is no international warranty.  I like my Iphone better because the screen is sharper. The touchscreen also seems slower. I've only had it a week and will continue testing.

Very good product! It's attended my all my expectations. It is not the newest model, but low price has compensated it!

The smarthphone had a serious problem after 30 days in use. After a sync PC with the software Kies, Samsung's own, the cellphone no longer recognizes the chip carrier. Despite having purchased on Amazon with international warranty, Samsung Brazil refuses to repair the unit under warranty.How should I proceed?ThanksAirton BarrosUniversity Federal FluminenseRio de Janeiro - Brazil

I wasn't please with the overall condition of the product.  I would not recommend making this purchase.  The price was a good deal.

This is an exellent product from Samsung.  It works always ok.  It's my first Samsung smartphone.  I recomend it for other customers.

This phone was awesome when I bought it and it's still awesome today. I updated it to Android Ice cream sandwich and I don't even need to buy another phone now because this thing is AWESOME. I would rate it 6 out of 5 if I could.

the cell phone clearly is refurbished, the batteries are generic, and accessories like, do not say samsung on any side, for the cost of equipment one expects a quality product but in this case was not so clear as the international version is sold the most basic possible because hardly give it back to the seller, I'm from Venezuela and return freight costs involved. I thought it was a robbery

I' ve allways been an iphone fan but defenitly not anymore, i love tecnology and i love this phone just amazing

This phone does it all....I love it..the android market has everything..it has a great from And  b ack camera...its just beautiful..

pretty cool phoneno problems at all, even tho it is hard to swap to Android from iPhone - lot of different settings etc ...very glad I got rid off my iPhone tho ...

In 8 months I have problems in the sound parts and samsung usa asked me to sent the device to London. I I need an address in London for samsung deliverd the phone. It's crazy because I bought this phone in amazon.com from a famous seller ABE-123. I can't believe I'm living such a nightmare!I had called samsung UK for many times and they never look for a way to solve the phone problem. Always they'd brought more and more barries. And now, what amazon.com can do for me?

The difference between this one and the usual android phones is the screen size and the front facing camera. I use skype a lot so i think it makes a huge difference.

Overall, I'm delighted with the phone.VERY IMPORTANT: As of the date of this review (21 Sep 2012), the I9100 will only get Edge on T-mobile USA because it doesn't receive 1700 WCDMA.  If you want 3g/"4g" you'll have to go to ATT or another carrier that uses the frequencies supported by the phone.  These are documented at the Samsung webstie: [...]

There are two major issues with this handset which I received: I received I9100P1. I am not able to connect to AT&T; GoPhone(prepaid) data plans. AT&T; customer care says its not possible to use this handset.2. The battery backup is not as expected. Screen display is consuming lot of battery even if the settings is in low brightness. My earlier Samsung smartphone had better battery backup for the same usage.

I had to return the phone was not compatible .... the company that sent it was very accommodating but it would not connect to to the mobile network.. so it had to be returned.

This is my first time getting a Samsung phone. I loved the way the phone is setup but it is CONSTANTLY freezing. It freezes on average 2-3 times a day while I'm using certain apps. No clue how to fix it.

this item really sucked. the phone itself is a really nice phone however, this particular one which i purchased didn't last as long as a cracker under an elephant's foot.  after about 3 weeks the phone's screen went totally blue. eventually it gave out about 2 days later. i thought that i had purchased a new item but now i am left to believe that i was given a refurbished one. totally disappointed.

the best android ... Thanks and Congratulations Amazon!Definitivamente los felicito todas mis compras han llegado a su destino, y en cuanto al SamsungGalaxyS2 llego a su destino pero todavia no a su due&ntilde;o! ningun inconveniente !  recomendados!

este es un gran celular de muy buena calidad es de los mejore que he tenido, desbloqueado, tiene todas las mejores funciones

the seller CELL LOUNGE  sold me a defective phone did not come in the box feature of Galaxy S2 phone has trouble connecting to the network and coverage problems in the signal I'm very disappointed with CELL LOUNGE  i spent $ 300.99 for a phone that does not work

This Phone is amazing  works great . I love the voice to text .the  voice recognition is the best i have ever used . works good on T mobile  for you cheap people like Me . is not a 4G phone but hits H+ all the time .HSDPA+ is 4G .I cant install Flash player  but I am working on it .and beleive it can be done . so yea it is a good phone  .  if you can get one new for under 400 bucks  do it you will be pleased .it basically replaced  my laptop . so if you dont like being without your computer You have to have this .

My biggest complaint is the poor reception characteristic of this phone.  I have found a number of other factors to be somewhat obtuse.  To be fair, most of the problems that I have had are probably tied strongly to Sprint.  The phone's reception is just poor, however, as other Sprint users get signal on other phones when I cannot get service on mine.  If you primarily use your phone outside in a nice flat area with lots of towers and no large buildings, or just use it as a camera, you may be happy with this phone.  Personally, I get tired of having to walk outside to get decent reception.  The battery runs down fast if I use the 4G or bluetooth features, otherwise, it is OK and it does recharge quickly.

I was just about to buy this phone from the seller. But before I did, I called Samsung US's mobile department to see if the phone would be covered if something malfunctioned, they said no; only phones official in the US are covered. I was a little confused, so I called the seller. The person I talked to said it's an International Warranty, "except not in the US." A little false advertisement there... Just wanted fellow S II enthusiasts who wanted to buy this phone, and have bought it already, know!

It is as good as the other reviews say. So good in fact, that you can't stop playing with it, and here is the problem - the gorgeous screen finishes the battery within ~4 hours. In standby and normal use (not much talking) it lives fine for a day, maybe even 2.I've heard a rumor the new 2.3.4 improves the battery life over the original 2.3.3, but you'd have to root the phone as it's not official yet. so far I don't have the burning need for that.You'll be able to see most internet sites just fine, also writing some notes and emails is bearable. I had issues trying to submit this review from it, though (it has issues handling the big open text boxes, especially in horizontal mode).Wi-Fi reception is decent; not as good as in laptops or my old Nokia E71, but usually good enough.Another plus on this matter - free internet access points requiring you to hit 'ok' on their start page are now accessible for web browsing and then to any other app (unlike E71).Amazon site mentioned international warranty, but I didn't find any document on that in the box. Keeping the receipt and hoping I won't need to use the warranty which I suspect I don't really have. BTW, the device woke up in Spanish, but asked from the start which language I prefer. So it probably comes from Latin America...As long as you're ready for the few drawbacks, it's a great device.

I got this phone like 8 months ago, but I didn't write a review on it since I wanted to get used to the phone and its functionality so I can be fair with the phone itself. First off, I got this order directly from Amazon. Despite people's warning that there's no warranty for this phone and the unusual reported cases of Amazon and some other sellers selling the GT-i9100G series rather than the original GT-i9100, I decided to get one. I got the phone after 2 and a half weeks. Checked the model number and the android version since some people complained about both aspects. Mine was a genuine GT-i9100 with 2.3.4 Android operating system. I did have problems with battery but it isn't a problem at all when you actually get to know what you can do to save battery life in general. Yes, the phone itself is an unlocked version, MEANING.....it may not work with 3G or 4G. I did try both 2G and 3G, and they DID work. As for 4G, haven't tried yet. I dropped this phone a couple of times and had skid marks on the sides but nothing inside broke (that doesn't mean you should be dropping your phone irresponsibly). Overall, so far, no particular problems in terms of the phone's software or hardware configurations.

If you are buying this phone with the intention to expand the memory or upgrade the software then think again. There is no memory card slot and Samsung has not issued a software update for this model. All the reviews I read before purchasing said the S II was upgradable to Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean). Instead I am stuck with Android 2.3.5 (Gingerbread) which lags quite a bit. Sometimes the phone is totally unresponsive when I try to end calls. If I had known this earlier I would have purchased the Galaxy S II Plus instead.

It is a scam. DO NOT BUY. the phone never has network signal and Samsung tell me that the phone is not original.

arrived from Germany with Polish instructions.It had a european connection which was perfect for me.But could be a small annoyance in the US (although it came with a proper adapter)

Lots of Galaxy SII versions out there, most are striped of the FM Radio, some are unbranded but locked to carrier, and others are completely bogus - Made in Vietnam, China, and Thailand.This is &#34;Made by Samsung&#34; in Korea, GT-i9100 with the FM Radio. I have had it for just under 24 hours, this is my second one, the first went to the wife.  All seems to operate well with the exception of the Video Dialer not reaching server issue, no worries plenty of other Video chat apps out there. Just a note: this phone came with the US charger but the &#34;boot-animation&#34; screen is in Italian or Spanish.

It's ok, it didnt come with the SIM unlocked and the model was sgh-i777 so it was not as described but i'll try to make it work

the computer hardware is excellent, but the screen came with 4 cracks in the glass, or housing not received your label, that is to say it was open, additionally do not know if this team you included a usb cable, since only brought charger and battery

If you compare Samsung`s phones with Iphone or HTC, Samsung`s phones are just trash. I owned an Iphone and HTC before but I have a Samsung galaxy s II right now. It gets freeze, menus are popping themselves up. responding very slowly. Do not waste your money and time, just get an Iphone.

the item doesn't work, does't work whit internationals networks. turn on but doesn't turn of... the phone back cover is damagedI want my money back or I want a item that works right...

El Samsung Galaxy SII es una completa obra de arte, lo compre a trav&eacute;s de esta v&iacute;a y todo result&oacute; un &eacute;xito, lleg&oacute; en perfectas condiciones a Maracay (Aragua, Venezuela). Totalmente OEM, no necesitas configurarle nada, esto si es un verdadero Smartphone, &eacute;l solo se configura para Digitel, Movistar o Movilnet. Levanta el 3G de Digitel muy bien. Definitivamente comprobado, es el tel&eacute;fono del a&ntilde;o. Enciendelo y listo, &uacute;salo. Viene como si fuera especialmente para Venezuela. Desde la empresa que lo vendi&oacute; (en Van Nuys, California) hasta la empresa que lo trajo de Miami a Maracay se portaron a la altura. 100% recomendado

Phone this version does not give you the option to change the phone language to Spanish! So not good for the Latin American market.

I love this phone. It worked wonderfully. I had one issue with it and after speaking to the supplier, they quickly replaced it and I didnt have any further issues with it. I would recommend you buying this item.

my phone is without earphones and the battery is not the original by samsung is not too god but thanks.

What a nice smartphone! Well, I used to have a Galaxy Samsung i-5500, so anything would be better than that.Anyways, despite of what I've stated above, I believe Samsung Galaxy SII is trully the best smartphone nowadays.It's by far, much better than Iphone 4s, and you are relatively free from Apple crap!Well, forgive for such a negative opinion about Iphone. I know iPhone and iPad were the breaktthroug of a generation, it's just because I'm such an anti-apple guy, since the Macintosh annoying computers!Thank you for 'listening' to me!Leo Castro

EL CELULAR NO SIRVE, NO TIENE PARA EXPANSION DE MEMORIA CUANDO EN LA DESCRIPCION DECIA QUE SI, SOLO FUNCIONA CONECTADO A WIFI, NO LEVANTA 3G, SOLO EDGE O GPRS, ME ROBARON, YO PAGUE 290 DOLARES POR ESTO, AHORA QUIEN ME RESPONDE POR ESTO... HAGANSE RESPONSABLES...The damaged cell came calling does not have expandable memory, it only works connected to Wifii, who now answer me for this, pay 290 dollars.

This phone is not as described by the seller. It is not an international version as it won't pick network outside the USA. It is also not GT-I9100 as described. I had to return it, and wouldn't advise anyone buying it.

This is a greate device, it comes packed with Android 2.2, so i just upgrade it to 4.2 (Jelly Bean) and works like a charm.

This phone WOULD receive a five-star rating if it wasn't for the fact that it broke after seven months of light use.  It will not register a cell phone signal matter what SIM card is used even in places with a strong signal on an identical phone on the same carrier.  It's definitely a hardware problem as I've tried erasing the phone and re-installing the android software from scratch.  Samsung will NOT honor the warranty and they simply keep repeating that the phone's IMEI number isn't in their system.  So now I have a $585 paper weight.  Thanks Samsung.

Compared to other phones on the market I would definitely have to say I love it. Apps are easily accessible and the interface is very userfriendly!

This phone is the best on it's category. Has a great display, user friendly interface and allows lots of customization. Freedom to the user is the greatest point.

Still one of the best phones out there! All features are great. I use it a lot and I don't think battery life is as bad as people say. Very satisfied. Also very good & efficient seller (Global Mobile)

i was a bit worried about which one to choose between iPhone 4s, Galaxy Nexus, Motorola Razr, HTC Sensaton and this one. I decided to try a smartphone that runs android and it satisfies me very much, this smartphone can do everything i want and also provides me access to websites that need adobe flash player and Galaxy S2 also lets me download all files I want and open many emails I can't open in Apple devices. The best of all is that you can customize your background and put it your way. A must have smartphone. What a wonderful world!

The GT-i9100, also known as the Galaxy S II is one of the best android phones on the market. However,  there are two factors that prevent it from attaining a perfect score.  Firstly, there are known problems with the camera sensor, there are two different kinds out there, and it is mostly up to chance whether you get one that works or one that doesn't. The other issue is really poor samsung support, after scouring the xda forums for a solution it was evident that a possible firmware solution to this problem, has yet to be released to the public.Design: This is one of the thinnest dual core phones out of the market. Coming in slightly thinner than my girlfriends iPhone 4s. I appreciate the fact that the headphone jack is located at the top of the device. My previous Droid (Inspire 4g) had both the usb port and headphone jack on the bottom of the device, it was quite crowded, and unsightly.You have your volume rocker on the left side of the device. It can sometimes be difficult to tell if you are hitting the button, as the volume rocker cannot wake up the device.  The power button is located on the right side of the device. This is not only an odd place for the button, but it can be very irritating if you are holding the device with one hand and accidentally hit the power button, forcing you to re-enter your PIN or Pattern.  I think the power button would have been fine up top with the head phone jack.The international has one tactile button and two capacitive buttons. This is one button less than the American version, which has a dedicated search button. While initially i missed the dedicated search button I have learned to live without it. The tactile button is your home button similar to the iPhone, you press this to take you back to your home-screen. You can double tap to activate Samsung's voice command module.  The capacitive button to the left is your menu button, and the one to your right is your back arrow button. Both are responsive and function the same as the American version.Display: The super AMOLED screen is bright, and vibrant. It  is large and responsive. Supposedly some devices have had the dreaded oil slick issue, fortunately I did not have that in my unit. However, this further adds to the gamble of purchasing this device. This thing is a finger print magnet, if you don't have a screen protector (I'm waiting on mine) you may want to carry a microfiber cloth on you so you can wipe off smudges.Software: One of the major advantages to purchasing the international version is the fact that it does not have any carrier bloatware. The device is travel friendly since it has a quad band radio and unlocked sim card. The Touch-Wiz 4.0 interface is lightweight and does not appear to bog down the processor. All the built in android OS features are there such as the wireless hotspot, and USB tethering abilities. These features are traditionally removed in the American version to force you into shelling out more money on to their two year contracts with them. The device can handle multi-tasking beautifully, and picks up GPS signal much faster than my Inspire 4G.Camera: Probably the most disappointing thing about the unit I have received.  Unfortunately I have a faulty Fujitsu module. I have yet to determine if this is merely a firmware issue, or a true hardware flaw. The camera cannot focus on any object at all. Close up photos work well. However,  this is hardly practical. The front facing camera appears to be okay, though I have only used it a couple of times. In either case, you may be out of luck with warranty support if you are stateside.Battery: The battery life on this thing is excellent. I can stream music continously for up to 6-6.5 hrs before I have to plug in. With light Internet browsing  it can easily last for 1-1.5 days That is a significant improvement over the Inspire 4g I had which had to be plugged in to last the day.Overall: I really enjoy this device. I love it. However, I am truly disappointed over the camera. I have given much thought about this, and decided I will try to stick it out. I hardly ever take photos, and I love everything else about the phone so its hard to say that it is a deal breaker for what I need it for, which is, mainly calls, messaging, and light Internet browsing with the occasional navigation.

Excelente Samsung Galaxy S2 GT-I9100, el producto lo recibi tal cual se describia en la publicaci&oacute;n totalmente nuevo, liberado para cualquier operadora en Venezuela. Recomiendo ampliamente a este vendedor. Gracias

I bought this phone a few weeks ago and after receiving the phone I proceeded to insert the SIM and start using the phone. Unfortunately the Phone didn't take the SIM, I tried using the Internet to find a solution, but nothing. The next step I took was to take the phone to a repair center. A few days passed and I called to check the status of the phone, and the person attending me asked me if I knew the phone was REFURBISHED, shocked I said Of course I don't know. At the end the phone couldn't be fixed and its useless for me right now. ON TOP OF EVERYTHING, when the phone arrived it DIDN'T arrive in the original Samsung Galaxy SII  Original box, It came in a random blue box with everything just thrown there. The phone also came with the home button cracked. This is Horrible, just horrible. After saving a few months to buy a good phone, I step into this disgrace.Thank you TGU Enterprise for lying and stealing my money, Good Job.

The carcase of the cellphone wasn't a good quality, and the batery is not original,I believe that the inside components (processor, memory etc) are the original.A carcaa do celular no &eacute; de boa qualidade, e a bateria no &eacute; a originalMas acredito que os componentes internos (processador, mem&oacute;ria e etc) so originais.

not even think about buying something, they are swindlers, will sell used phones as new and then the warranty will not answer! are swindlers!

The phone OS can't be updated, is refurbished, not new, came in a box not original, is a scam or rip-off you named

Everyone takes chances with unlocked phones, so I took the plunge almost 24 mos ago.  Very unfortunate, but the motherboard is probably fried yesterday--didn't do anything other than charging the phone as normal. The good news is that I still made out about $800 ahead, by doing pay as you go.  I called Samsung and they said I'll have to call Samsung UK or other E.U.  Not very optimistic about the whole exercise of having to ship the phone overseas for repair, but I may just do that for poops and giggles.  If they quote me a lot to fix it, maybe I'll just say keep the change.The phone was great until Jelly Bean, which really took some apps down.  Still deciding on iOS or Android....

HELLO LES WRITE PHONE SAMSUNG GALAXY SII GT-I91100 ME CAME DEFECTIVE NOT ME ACKNOWLEDGE NONE NO NO ME BROUGHT THE HEADPHONES AND I TAKE THE SAMSUNG OF VENEZUELA AND TELL ME THE PHONE IS NOT ORIGINAL ME SAY THAT THE PHONE IS REBUILT, TOO BAD BECAUSE I FEEL MAKE AN INVESTMENT BECAUSE REALLY LIKE THE PHONE AND REALLY FEEL THAT I LOST MY MONEY

Phone arrived on time, but ....missing headpiece. I'm disappointed about that. I purchased a brand new product and looks like I purchased a refurb. I'm a bit disappointed as the phone was a gift and now makes me look bad.

Very good phone, rapid enough for his category, good processor, is elegant and in end I like me the telephone, good relation Cost - value

Thanks to Amazon for it's on time delivery the phone is good so far. The only disappointment is that the manualis written in Spanish.  So setting up of the phone is a bit awkward having to be going online to learn how to operate the phone.It was only Today I was on a flight and was required to turn the phone off and could not figure out where the power button was. I had to exercise some wisdom along with touching some buttons on and around the phone SMH in confusion. so I am still learning how to operate this phone it would be nice if the supplier could help me out with this it would save me some internet time. however I strongly recommend this unlock version of the Samsung Galaxy II to anyone it is an excellent phone.

battery no good,and i can not use data ,and no much app,no use easy ,Samsung i9100 Galaxy S II Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 8 MP Camera, Android OS, 16 GB Internal Memory, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, and GPS--No Warranty (Noble Black)

Samsung S2 has a nice design and Android has lots of apps. Problem was the case I bought for it at Amazon- Premium Heavy Duty Hybrid Case for SPRINT GALAXY S2 EPIC TOUCH 4G  Model SGH D710 - despite designed for the Samsung  S2 doesn't fit the phone, so I can't use it.

SHW-M250S disguised as a GT-I9100IChip-Fast and other sellers are shipping the south korean version SHW-M250S disguised as a GT-I9100 (with  GT-I9100's housing and system).  Despite it says &#34;Model: GT-i9100, made in South Korea&#34; in the battery compartment, in fact it's a SHW-M250S wich has less features and too many issues.Some of the issues in my experience:-Can't get 3G with my service provider.  The GT-i9100 is quadband.-FM Radio doesn't work and never will because there insn't FM circuitry in it. The GT-i9100 has FM receiver.-Compass with poles inverted (pointing south when it should be pointing north). Callibration function didn't resolvethis issue.-Abnormal heating in the top back and the top front of the phone even in stand by, what causes very fast batterydrain.-Weak vibration even at full level intensity.-Poor signal strenght.-Short 'standby' battery life.-Can not upgrade via Kies or 'Over The Air'. The GT-I9100 is updatable to Samsung's 4.1 Jelly Bean.-It restart when I try to power it off.This is a scam.  I paid  $265.00 for a real GT-I9100 but received from IChip-Fast nothing more than a useless, featurescropped, stupid 'smart phone'.

This is a great product! The colors are amazing and the video recording if perfect.But it do not has international warranty as is announced.

Its an excellent phone with lots of features, great size, may not be recognizable by kies but you can get the your files by mass storage or usb, camera shutter sound is too loud.

I bought this phone for my friend. She is not very knowledgeable about electronic devices and had a hard time adjusting to this phone after his old Nokia phone. She was complaining about not being able to find menu items, which are only visible if you touch the appropriate part of the screen. She is also not good at using android store.

Excelente porducto, las herramientas y la versatilidad del equipo son muy buenas, tama&ntilde;o ideal, las aplicaciones son exelentes y para todo topo de usuario
