
The box was open but some clear tape was put over the sticker. Was it to fake out not having been opened?Phone appeared new. Works great! Previous phone was sensation 4g, but I no longer trust HTC Chinese spyware phones.So, I thought I would get a pure Google phone.  But this GNex has a weird Yakjujp build.If you know what build yakjujp is please comment!Can't wait for a Moto equivalent pure Google phone, then I will ebay this GNex.

Samsung and Google have managed to create a superb phone. I had my doubts at the beginning, mainly because of the huge screen and the lack of SD card. Besides, coming from and HTC Desire, I have to say that vanila android was not my favorite flavor of the OS. Those fears has vanish, the screen is gorgeous, and ICS is really a huge step forward for the android platformThinks I like:*ICS is very fast and fluid. This particular item has change a lot since gingerbread. In ICS, hardware acceleration is fully enabled. Scrolling through lists is fast, no more glitches. Apps like Facebook or Twitter are way better to use.*I installed Google chrome beta, which is by far the best browser I seen in android (is not installed by default though) pinch and zoom is fast and smooth*ICS new look, apps and widgets in the same tray. The whole new system design is more intuitive (at least for me, maybe for ppl coming for other platforms disagree)*Dedicated button to see running apps is really really helpfulWhat I don't like:*I had read a lot of complains form other users about the volume being too low. I agree that is not the loudest phone Ive used and that the maximum volume levels are indeed too low. But I haven't missed a singe phone call or text message since I have it. Some users have reported that this could improve using the Volume+ app on the Google play store, but I don't feel it to be necessary (at least for me)*The reason why I rated the phone 4 out of 5 was mainly because the phone I received was not the US variant. The first thing I noticed when I received the hone, was that the whole box and all the labels on it where in Japanese. After I opened the box I found that the little instructions brochure were also in Japanese. I turned on the phone, and once again, Japanese as the default language (this can be changed of course to English). Digging on Google I found that the phone I received was the Asia & Pacific variant, which is NOT supported directly by Google. This was really disappointing. The good news are, that this actually can be fixed. As a rom flasher veteran on android, all I had to do was to download the official firmware image from: [...], and flash it on the phone. After that, I was running stock ICS 4.0.4, with official Google support :D

Item provided exactly as described and delivery was on timeQuite satisfied with the entire purchase and processHad this product for about 1 week and very happy with it

The GNex is an amazing phone, really fast, great screen and great features. I still have to get used to the size; This phone would be perfect if it were a bit smaller, for some people, like me, it is a bit difficult to hold or use it with one hand. My thumb just can't reach the upper corners (where Android decided to install most of the time the settings or options button for the apps) They say it has a big screen but at the end one part of such screen is just used to show buttons and is never used to give more room for videos or such, so it end's up having the same actual screen size than most other phones.I had a bit of trouble with my order: It says here that the model is i9250 but instead I received a SC-04D which turns out is the same model but in the Japanese version for company Docomo. As such it also starts up with Japanese as default language. This caused me two things: first I got really scared that this phone would not work in my carrier's network and second it took me a bit to finally be able to change the language to english! After some forum browsing turns out this model is the same as I9250 and one should not be scared about the different model thing but a Note explaining all this from the seller would have been the courteous thing to do to avoid the scare.They were polite and helpful in the customer service email I got after initially filing an angry claim against them in Amazon thinking I had been ripped off.Oh, one last thing: I had trouble getting the 3G started both in ICS 4.0.2 and later when I upgraded to 4.0.4 I thought it would be the Baseband or the phone even but turns out it was just Android acting up and after turning on and off the 3G setting it finally got it.

Considero que es un excelente producto (no pod&iacute;a esperarse menos de Google y samsung) En cuanto a las caracter&iacute;sticas de envi&oacute;, fue realizado en un corto tiempo y bajo excelentes medidas de protecci&oacute;n

This phone is amazing, before i review the product i want to say a couple of things. if you can order from surgetelecom, do it. i  got their product in one day!This phone is just gorgeous. With five home screens and easy customization of YOUR android phone, it is definitely one of the best. I think this is the fourth best phone so far. Plus the price is a steal and the phone is extremely fast and sexy.Let me just get the cons out of the way. The camera, a 5 megapixel camera isnt the best. if your in search of the best camera around dont get this phone. Two, the battery life is not too long lasting 6 hours on a full charge. Finally, this is what ticks me off the most. This phone needs better volume. It can be upgraded with a volume app but still could use improvement. I couldnt hear my phones ringtone when it was only in another room(the air condition was on.)If you can deal with this, its amazing. id reccomend watching a couple of tutorial videos. This phone displays a gorgeous screen and is extremely fast. Extremely recommended.

Excellent features, attractive look, lots of free apps, works very well on wifi networks to make international VOIP calls, worth the price

I've had this phone for about three weeks. I got it new from ebay and the box had the samsung UK seal on it. As soon as I placed my T-Mobile sim card from my former Galaxy SII SGH-T989 and turned this phone on, the signal was on E then within seconds it went to 3G then to H. It prompted me for update of OS of around 8.7MB. I checked the OS version afterwards and it was 4.0.2 and the app that checks for YAKJU build confirmed this was pure google OS and that it will get latest updates directly from google. After a week went by the phone was working flawlessly no random reboot no freezes just smooth ICS but I wanted 4.0.4 update since I heard how much it improves the OS. After trying the manual update mode several times I decided to boot it using power and both volume up/down button to check the specs. Mines didn't have PRIMELA03 bootloader and other stuff written there didn't match phones that had been flashed with google OS from googles developer website. So after trying several times I finally got the universal drivers to install on my windows 7 pc and proceeded to flash the latest ICS version 4.0.4. I did everything as instructed on the web but now I was unsure if my phone would be able to download future updates and install them without issues. So I flashed my phone again but with version 4.0.4 build #: IMM76D which from what I heard had radio/signal issues and google had to push out build number IMM76I to fix it. After I flashed and relocked the bootloader the phone turned on and prompted for a very small OS update and downloaded and installed without any issues. As far as I can tell this phone is awesome if you can tweak it once to get the actual google ICS image directly from google. Mines has been working for over a week now on the latest update and it has been flawless smooth and fluid ICS OS no freezes like my galaxy SII which still uses gigngerbread 2.3.6 and the added touchwiz which I hated. Bottom line if you have been thinking of getting onto the android bandwagon then this is the particular wagon you need to jump on. I have had iPhone since 2007 up until iPhone 4 and got tired of Apples restrictions.

Saludos desde venezuela , hasta el sol de hoy estoy contento con el telefono no tiene nada que envidiarle a los benditos iphone este es superior.

Very good phone, fast, powerful and practical. I like the battery life. is light, the only thing I do not like is that the ringtones do not sound loud

Works well as a phone as well as a &#34;smartphone&#34;. Google upgraded Android 4.0 to 4.1 first time I turned it on. Seems to have decent battery life for a smartphone - can go almost two days on a charge.

Love this phone. As soon as I started using it, it upgraded the system to Android 4.2.2. First used it in Palau with no trouble with local SIM. Now in the Philippines and it is performing beautifully with the Smart SIM card. In short, very pleased.

Is a good cellphone, and the price is normal i thing that you should be gift me other same tomorrow

great phone, no problems with the shipment, 2 weeks already, loving it. Good choice if you are looking for smartphones

I got it from the Amazon distributor Wireless everything. I'm using it for more than one month now and doing good. A very good productivity tool, I should say. It got android yakju out of the box, which means updates are pushed by Google, AFAIK. So I'll get the updates ASAP Google made them available. Only downside I had was I received 1750mAh battery instead of stated 1850mA. But can live with it as original battery is also 1750mAh. But I haven't experienced any manufactural level defects yet to rate this device under 5-start.

I first considered a Samsung S3 or S4 but could not afford it, then I saw this Samsung GT- i9250 Galaxy Nexus from Google. It's smaller than the S3 and S4 and has no external SD slot, only 16 GB of internal storage. But that's all I need. I received it with Android 4.1 loaded. After starting to use the phone, it was upgraded to 4.2, then the next day to 4.3! Thank you Google! The display is gorgeous. Battery is decent with whole day of average use without recharging. I inserted the T-Mobile SIM card and it was connected right away. Connecting to the network was also a breeze. For me, the 4.65&#34; screen is perfect. I definitely recommend this phone for anybody on a budget like me.

Very good phone especially for the price. No complains so far. The only thing is that doesn't take SD card.

The pros:+ Ice Cream Sandwich is the best phone interface right now+ Smooth operation and transitions+ Openness of the platform--I can have an unlocked phone, and install my own programs to it+ Navigation and search, top notch+ Contacts from any other google account are synced+ Google Voice sync is also great since it allows you to sometimes make/receive free phone calls and sometimes have better-quality calls+ Screen just looks gorgeous and pleasant to the eyes, unlike other phones I've seenI bought this phone for all the reasons above. The reasons I don't give it a 5-star rating:- Sound volume seems low compared to other devices. Hard to hear some phone calls when in noisy environments- Although the idea to support MTP for connecting to PC is right, lack of support on linux makes it inconvenient. It requires extra effort to use MTP, otherwise, PTP works out of the box but is somewhat limited.- There's no external memory--well, can't have it all- Camera quality good but not great

Good size device for my gf. Very comfortable in my/her hand.Operates smoothly. Great crisp screen.Great bang for buck.

First I want to thank WorldWide shippers for processing the order immediately after the order was placed.  There was no tracking information from UPS, but the product arrived on the due date, although I was getting nervous about a $400 phone with no tracker.  There isn't much more that I can add than all the previous reviews wrote.  I upgraded the OS with no problem, the SIM card plugged in, the phone worked right away.  Perhaps try to find one that has a warranty.  Mine does not have a warranty, something I should reconsider before laying out 400 bucks. Camera is good, not great. On close ups and macro it is great. The screen resolution is very good, video is decent.  I do wish like many others that I could plug in another 32 gig mem card. I took a SIM card from an ATT fusion Go phone, so I have a very high end Go phone,  My coverage with ATT is not as good or reliable as Verizon, but is still good.  The BlueTooth audio to my Toyota is very good, something I could not link on cheap Fusion. I added a screen protector and a protective case, both of which I recommend.  Overall after a month, this phone is very good

I received my cell phone today and was very happy.I was disappointed when i tried to on the phone it did not work. Am really disappointed.

This phone is amazing and it works in the carrier Comcel 3G Colombia. Recomended. It is the best phone.nicenicenicenicenice

I received my phone on time and the product is what I expected. I recommend. I already tested and everything is working very well.

Hello, I d&iacute;dn't use this phone but I should wish to know if i can use this smartphone in my country : Per&uacute; ??..Paul

I have just completed one month of owning of Samsung Galaxy Nexus and I have no doubt declaring I am very happy with this. This is the best smart phone on the market for the time being until iPhone 5 or Samsung Galaxy S3 releases. I had iPhone 4 for 2 months and I like many other people who could not be satisfied with beauty and fruit brand alone threw that 'dumb beauty' . For me that was more of a 'show off' rather than of practical use.Apple itself in a recent patent suit directed against google termed this as the "most creditable competitor to iPhone'. Apple co founder which is not a apple employee anymore and hence free to speak truth freely declared iPhone easy to use but 'Android more feature rich'. He dismissed Siri totally saying he could not understand how come internet could be needed to make a call through Siri. Do I need to say more now? If yes then here is the detail review:Like ->(1) Bigger HD contour display-> Though you can distinguish between pixels while looking closely unlike iPhone's Retina display, Nexus's display is gorgeous. Colors are very vibrant and rich. Black is real black (because of Super AMOLED display technology) which creates the whole difference.The Screen is large and with medium hands I can reach to the whole screen stretching the thumb or fingers. Sometimes I tend to use the other hand (luckily I have two hands and both are fully functional so can't complaint).Because of bigger screen this phone is more useful or convenient for what Apple invented iPhone for ie Browsing web, playing games, watching videos. And because of this I tend to depend lesser on PC/laptop/tablet. With bigger screen, power and customization of Android OS this phone is closer to our old friend PC/laptop.**I run the same HD video both on nexus and iPhone 4S and nexus one was better to watch.**(2) Soul-> The soul of this device is ICS OS which is now equal to iOS in terms of user friendlessness but is better because it is much more customizable and hence you feel completely in control and power. This is different feeling than using dumb iOS. After using ICS I really struggled to use the iOS or same iOS based apps. ICS is lightning fast and smooth.Face unlock, NFC, android beam and google wallet (not available on Verizon version) are very cool. Face unlock works perfectly.Built-in Data usage monitor is very helpful for not letting you go above your data limit.-> Mine is international unlocked version which within a week got automatically updated to 4.0.2 from 4.0.1.This has Best notification, better customization for web browsing.Ohhhhhhhh... did I tell you android has taken two steps which is miles ahead of time and going to change the things completely? (i) No Physical button-> The buttons are in fact part of OS itself and function well. Hence the buttons can now be context specific and smarter. They change their position depending on how you are holding the phone or what you are doing. While watching video they disappear completely giving you the whole screen for watching, and yes they will reappear on appropriate place when you need them. (ii) Same OS for all devices: Unlike Apple now same application can run on any device running on ICS. For apple the applications need to be written separately both for iPhone and iPad. That's why Apple has lesser applications on iPads. With new approach of ICS now people will just write once and run it anywhere hence number of apps is going to get multiplied faster on ICS.(3) Eco System (Apps)-> Android eco system (or app market) is there on par with Apple eco system. In the same period I have installed more applications than I did on iPhone 4 (because most applications are free compared to Apple). I am more functional on Android than I was on iPhone 4. There is nothing which I want and its not there. And yes now google going to start monitoring of applications so less argument against Android apps.(4) Form factor-> I like its form factor more than of iPhone's. Countered makes it more convenient to use and keep in the pocket. Now to me iPhone is just any another device and I look on iPhone with pity.(5) Battery-> I need to charge it once a day with low to moderate usage which is what other iPhone 4S customers are also doing. And if you are going to use it like laptop you will need to charge it more (is not this same with your laptop?). Better part is unlike iPhone you can carry batteries and change it easily. No complaint here.(6) Reception-> Decent.(7) Call quality-> Nice.(8) Volume/Speaker-> Low, could be helped with volume control plus application.(9) More social-> Very well integrated with google.(10). Build-> Except the battery cover everything else is of high quality. I don't care about plastic versus metal debate. iPhone even with metal and corning glass are equivalently fragile and people have been reporting iPhone being broken having dropped just from 12 feet or so. And with gorilla glass on both ends iPhone 4 is more fragile. Remember gorilla glass is just scratch resistant not damage resistant.(11) Typing-> is a breeze and it seems to read you mind and hence make typing a different experience than on iPhone. And big screen helps every here again.Unfortunately this phone decided to do have some deliberate suicidal traits perhaps to avoid wiping away other Samsung devices. So here are the things which could have been improved upon:(1) Speaker-> Could have been better (Minor+ issue)(2) Reception-> Though not much complaint, Could have been just a 'little' better (Very Minor issue).(3) Camera-> Could have been better definitely.(4) External Storage-> Either they should have allowed adding external storage or given the device with more alternated with respect to storage capacities. (Minor issue)(5) Display-> Should not be able to distinguish pixels (Minor issue but this should be ultimate goal for the display)Conclusion-> This is the best smart phone on the market for the time being if you can live with some minor issue with volume. And all issues reported so far with this device seem to be software issues and should get corrected with updates or third part applications.

Originally when I received this phone, I was having problems with the charging and it holding its charge. Seller understood the problem and sent a replacement and the replacement phone so far is doing an amazing job. Very happy. Only downfall is that there isn't a microsd slot. Other than that I'm satisfied.

This phone replaced my Iphone. After a few weeks using it, I am able to tell that this Samsung Nexus is the best phone I ever had, nothing comes even close

Worldwide Distributors had my Galaxy Nexus to my door inside of 12 hours! Packaging was great and phone was sealed and new. after charging, found it was in Korean, so googled fix and up and going in short order.Thank You WorldWide Distributors, your a five star retailer in my mind

DISCLAIMER: After researching the specifications, I did not buy this device. This review is intended to draw peoples attention to the fact that this device has no memory expansion.No SD slot and only 16GB internal means inadequate storage for music, and forget about movies. It's unbelievable that Google/Samsung are trying to push everyone to the cloud like this - data costs money, and some of us live/travel in rural areas with little or no reception, and want a device we can use on planes.

The device is overall a very nice piece of equiopment.However, I am sort of disappointed due to the fact the device does not have an external micro sd memory card.Another disappointment is that the unit does not have an FM Radio Tuner.Too bad.Regarding all its other aspects and features, I am quite pleased.RR

This cellphone worked two months. One day, I tried to turn it on but I couldn't. I changed the battery but it didn't work anymore. This cellphone stopped working forever. I threw $249.95 away!!. It was a very bad buy.

The order process was quick and easy. The delivery of the product was prompt. I just unpacked and put in the T-mobile SIM card while in US and it worked like a charm right away. I have moved to India since and I just put in my Indian SIM card and I am in business. I enjoy all the apps and also the downloaded apps and games. The WiFi works like a charm. I am also using the GPS often. Overall, an Excellent Phone!

I wish I had waited a few months to buy it directly from Google Play, but then I would have missed a few months of enjoying this phone.  I have been waiting and waiting for tmobile to carry this phone, thinking that this phone is made for tmobile (it uses the odd radio band for 3G) and tmobile always carries the Nexus phone. I am so glad that I didn't wait.  I played with this phone at a Verizon store for a few minutes before I bought it here at Amazon.I went with a Nexus phone because my last android phone never got the update promised by Samsung.  And I am so glad I made this decision because this is one of the few phones with Jelly Bean and working Google Wallet (and yes, being the international GSM version has it's perks...I get updates sooner than most people).This may not be the latest and greatest but it is good enough for me.  It plays graphic intense games with no hiccups (e.g. riptides, Nova3, etc) and photo editing (which is something I do on a daily basis for instagram) is wicked fast.Battery life is not bad...I can use it moderately and it will last me for about 14 hours without a charge (this is a 3G version which uses less power than LTE)...unless I use it to watch movies which may last about 5 hours.Actually I am a bit surprised that this phone didn't get much recognition or media attention.  If you are shopping for a high end android phone but don't want to spend too much money, I highly recommend this phone.

I put a build of Ubuntu Touch on this phone, it did run a bit slow but I'm sure that will be fixed in future builds. No bloatware! This phone is awesome!

Compre el celular desde Venezuela, Excelente Equipo, Se actualizo a Android 4.1.1 ultima version, cuando otros equipos apenas se pueden actualizar a 4.0 en venezuela, un equipo bastante ligero y amplia pantalla, rapido, excelentes aplicaciones totalmente integrada tales como twitter, facebook, Waze, whats apps, Juegos como Angry Bird Star Wars gratuito y lo mejor la integracion con Gmail, los contactos de gmail desde PC, se actualizan inmediatamente con el celular, el uso de gmail, es como si estuviese trabajando en PC y sumamente rapido.Seguire probando las aplicaciones disponibles.El unico detalle que le veo, es que el volumen de aviso de notificaciones como mensajes es sumamente baja, seguire investigando sobre este tema, puede ser configuracion o buscar sonidos fuertes para instalar.Recomendado, en resumen, la experiencia de usuario es muy buena con este equipo.

An Excellent phone.I am very happy with this phone. I did not have any problems at all. I would recomonmend to anothers to buy.

This phone suits me perfectly. I had a blackberry and wanted to get something different. I wanted an android with the 4.0 ICS OS. This phone works great and is easy use.

I love this phone is classy and fast, the only downside could be its battery but I guess charging it at night or every couple days its not bad

It's an excellent smartphone and strongly recommended.Smartphone with Android OS 4.0, 16 GB Memory, Touchscreen, 5 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, and Dual-Core Procesor.It definitely was an good investment.

my first smartphone, its has crashed once and took me two weeks getting it back to factory( got help). that was a pain in the arse. so now i am running 4.2.1. on a stock kernel which honestly i perfer seeing i haven't had any issues since it has been back to stock.

i was very excited when the phone arrived. however  when i opened the amazon box the seal was broken an  the box somewhat torn underneath. i bought a new product and expected a new one which doesn't seem to b  the case! I am crossing finger  that nothing is wrong with the phone though so far so good. its just that when you order something new you want to arrive  in an unopened box!

It is simply great.  Not sure if the newer S iii would be that much better.  The price for this phone is nowmaking it that more attractive.  I use it with T-Mobile prepaid and it works well.  No hesitation recommending thisphone to others.

It delivers what it promises!This phone is the best  cost v. benefit I've found - it worth each cents spent!I do recommend it for my friends!

This is a great phone, I use a Galaxy Nexus for my phone at home and this worked great for me while I was on vacation in Jamaica. Great item..

I moved from iPhone 4 to this one because of google services which are offered on the Google phone. I will try to keep the review small as possible,Best Things about it:1. The new,sleek and completely revamped UI2. Its pretty fast3. Doesn't crash like previous Android4. Very well integrated with apps (Like if you are reading any article on web/reader you can push the content almost to all the services like FB,G+,Mail,LinkedIn,Evernote) I use Evernote heavily so this is the best thing on the phone5. The new logos on the UI are awesome6. The screen (trust me I dont have any complaints shifting from Retina display of iPhone)I will be posting my reviews soon to my Blog. I hope this will be helpful :)

I haven't had any issues with this phone. Very responsive and as of today I sill have not had any system lockups. Only issues I have are not related to the phone more to lack of LTE service in my area.

I bought the Nexus international model for use in Brazil. It works perfectly with Oi, Tim and Vivo's SIM chips I tested.For brazilian customers - make sure to order the international version. Even the power adapter fits the new brazilian standards.About the others features, I have nothing to add to previous reviews, except that I am very glad that I am receiving all the Android's updates at premier.

In a previous review (replaced by this one) I complained about an impossibly low ringer volume, with Jelly Bean Android, that might only be fixed with firmware modifications but not with any available software app. I uploaded several links to show that the issue wasn't only mine, but Amazon censored them. Because the low ringer volume precluded using this product for receiving phone calls in most mobile situations, I gave this product only a 1-star rating.In the meantime I have discovered a makeshift remedy that might work for people who are not choosy about their type of ringtone. It turns out that with Pyxis ringtone (and maybe with some others as well) the ringer can be better heard in mobile situations. That's good enough for me.Another irritating flaw is a too-low sensitivity of the WiFi receiver: In my 2-floor appartment I can only receive the WiFi signal when on the transmitter's floor and ridiculously close to it. To be sure, nothing is wrong with the signal -- it is robust enough to be received by my laptop, indicating a 5-bar signal strength, all over the appartment.To sum up (with Android 4.1.1 "Jelly Bean"):Flaw 1: low ringer volume that can only be useful with few select ringtones.Flaw 2: Insufficient WiFi receiver sensitivity.Because I can now use my phone to receive calls in mobile situations I have raised the product's rating to 3-stars.

Samsung nexus is very good. A lot of useful features, very handy. I am satisfied.pluses:- powerful- good screen- Android with all its cookiesminuses:- Week battery (I expected it would work longer). If you surf the Net or play games it ends too quickly.- low volume. I miss some calls if the phone in my pocket.- when charging from adapter screen hangs (Although I found warning about it in product quick start)- Rear camera of average quality. Made pictures with a lot of noise.

I think this is one of the best phones that has come out ever. Of course the S3 is probably better, but comparing prices this one works just as fine as a S3 and is way cheaper. Really good choice! Perfect delivery

Finally placed order for the awesome phone.Can any one clarify that the charger comes with compatible with US outlet ??Thanks

I really like my Galaxy Nexus.Please note there are 2 main sub-models, one is supported by Google and the other one by Samsung. If you wish to get the latest OS updates fast, make sure you buy the Google one or flash the SW.

very good, no problem, the same decription, they are very confiable, i rraly recomend,i am from chile, is a very nice phone, the galaxy is a great phone, better than iphone, i have to complete 20 wors to skip this page,

I ordered this phone used from Amazon Warehouse deals it was supposed to be a GSM model unlocked I got my phone today opened the box and it was Verizon.Before I ordered I even called Amazon to be sure it was the GSM version and they assured me it was GSM.So I am returning the phone for a full refund.I rated this a 5 star because it is a great phone I played with it on wifi only, because obviously my service is AT&T; and the Verizon model will not work for me which was Amazons fault for sending the wrong phone.

it was touted as the be all and the end all of the new smartphone.I find that it is locking up a lot more than most of the phones that I have used in the past.the screen is nice but it is not as wonderful as they say it is. Still better than most. Overall I guess I'm satisfied. Have a hard time recommending it as the wonderful phone they say it is.

One day, it decided not to boot right, and a soft reboot did not fix. So they said I would have to send to service center to do hard reboot--what?! Okay, this is problem #1, but the next problem is much worse.As a side result, it also would delete all my photos/videos that I had taken with it because it has no removable SD cart slot, because as another reviewer pointed out, is a move by Google to yet again, force us to give them our personal data (and eventually charge for it). Gimme a break. Adding an SD card slot should cost almost nothing, so its apparent cell phone companies are in cahoots with Google on this.And no, sync tools currently only sync contacts and such, not media (because it would be too slow).

Why pay $600 for an already old phone? The new version of this phone, Nexus 5, is being sold for $349.00. I think it is a great phone and makes a great sense to buy....this phone is worth $75 and the Nexus 5 is worth $349. Where do you get $600 from?

I do like this new phone, but I'm not sure if that is just because the old one sucked. Its a big dinged up, but it works alright. I have to press the side button hard to start it up. I do like it though, fits well with my T-mobile sim card.

The cell phone they sent me had a lot of scratches on its back with several signs of use. Also it was a Verizon cell phone and just for CDMA network. I went to T-Mobile shop and nobody got to make it work. It wasn't inside its box and I didn't receive the earphones.Actually, the cell phone can be good, but not on this situation. I'm feeling cheated with what they announced (that the cell was GSM and that the cell would work well on T-Mobile/answered on questions) and wasn't true.

The Good:The Galaxy Nexus is the best Nexus phone - better then Nexus 4 IMO. I now own 2 of these phones, and they are just great. One direct from Google, and one from Amazon.The Bad:The one from Amazon came from the UK so it had a UK plug - a convert was provided - why not just a replacement USB charger?The Ugly:It was flashed with the Samsung firmware, not the Google firmware. Alas, I suppose I'll flash it after the 30 day warranty has expired.

I am not an Android fan, but I can see that this could be a good choice for the Android fans because of ICS. I consider the phone itself only okay because of its plastic feel. It did work without any problem right out of the box.

I have gone through many phones (at least 10 different brands and models over the past 10-15 years) and currently have an iPhone 4s for business as well as the Galaxy Nexus.  The Galaxy Nexus runs circles around the iPhone in both performance and capability.  The camera is better and faster.  The network connectivity is more robust and flexible.  The only downside is lack of microSD slot.  If Android would allow USB connectivity for backup and storage then the phone would be an all-time winner.

ICS, best performance, excelent join contact manager, play market download so fast, voice recognition everywhere, HD video, but just battery live is a little short ...but is because I like to view Netflix and youtube hehe!Excelent Smartphone

The product works good. I received it on time with all the accessories. The only thing it concerns me is the battery. I thought it has a longer usage. The rest ok.

It works perfectly in Brazil Carriers. Very intuitive and fast UI. Lightweight, amazing screen, response and camera is also good for everyday use.

As advertised. Excellent. This is just as I researched and read on their profile on Amazon. I am a satisfied customer. It arrived only in 3 days!

The phone was in great condition. I was under the impression it would come with a charger, which it didn't, so I only gave it four stars as I think they should have made that more clear

This is a great phone -- the way Android was meant to be.Nexus means no manufacturer garbage on the phone.Unlocked means no carrier garbage on the phone either.This is the "international" unlocked phone; "yajku" build.The only way to make it better would be to get it direct from Google with the "tajku" build.  Cheaper, too.

This is by far the best phone I've ever had, period.I finally got tired of my contract plan pricing, and was also tired of waiting for Android Updates through the carriers. So just went for it and bought this phone. I could not be happier. The phone just feels EXTREMELY fast, especially with the Android 4.1 (JellyBean) update. The only thing I was worried about was the camera, but that's not really an issue after all, as it takes great photos, especially with some apps from the Play Store. The screen is gorgeous, and so is the phone. I love the clean front that is free of logos, and the textured back feels and looks great. The phone is covered with plastic, but the plastic is covering a steel chassis, so the phone feels much sturdier in the hand than most plastic-clad Samsung phones. It does not feel or look cheap at all, looks more premium than the Galaxy SII, Samsung Infuse, or even the Galaxy SIII, to me anyway.I highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants a Pure Google experience on a beautiful phone!

I bought the device used from warehouse deals in "good" condition, but to my surprise it came with not a single mark/scratch/dent or even dust!Also came with battery, charger, and headphones. The headphones are surprisingly great quality too!For all the techies out there be aware it is the yakjuxw build so to get android 4.1 right away, you gotta root and all that. Been loving NFC payments and T-Mobile

why would you buy this at 380+ $ when there is a new nexus coming out, mid november, quad core 8gb and sphere camera...?????? new one has 8mp camera instead of 5mp and various better features

It is a good phone that works in the five bands used in cellular telephony, ie 3G works 850/900/1700/1900/2100 Mhz, your screen is 16 million colors with resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels, size of 4.65 inches and has 316 ppi pixel density. Among other features we can name 16 GB storage, 1 GB of RAM, front camera, you can upgrade to version 4.2 of Amdroid (Jelly Bean) and its processor is 1.2 Ghz dual core. All the above is worth when you pay for it was only $ 380 which I took advantage of the offer.

I had this one, and now I have a Nexus 5. And will always have a Nexus because I love the pure Android experience. Of course, you can get better hardware but for the double of the price and you will also be told when to get upgrades for your Android OS. I want to decide when to get those updates.

Let's be honest here, if you're in the US looking at the Samsung GT-i9250 Samsung Galaxy Nexus GSM Unlocked phone, you're not the average cell phone buyer. You're looking for the latest (at the time of release) Pure Google Experience phone, and you're not waiting around for AT&T; or T-Mobile to bring this little beauty stateside.  You're a premium cell phone connoisseur who wants perhaps the best Android phone ever, and wants it now!First off, this is the GSM Unlocked version of the Samsung Galaxy Nexus.  You Verizon and Sprint users are going to want to move along, as purchasing this phone will only lead you to utter frustration.  This phone's unlocked pentaband radio means that you'll have little trouble setting this up on US T-Mobile or AT&T; 2g or 3g. Let's also not forget that the phone supports 21 Mbps HSPA+ speeds, meaning you won't have 4G LTE speeds, but you'll get great speeds on T-Mobile or AT&T;'s networks (note that actual coverage and speeds will vary based on location).So now that you've figured out that you need this phone and that it will work on your network, how is the phone?Two words: "Simply Amazing."I've used many Android phones, and I can honestly say that this phone is perhaps the BEST ANDROID PHONE EVER RELEASED.  As a Pure Google Experience phone, you'll receive Android updates essentially straight from Google.  This means you aren't saddled by any unwanted bloatware that cell phone companies or carriers add to their phones, or unwanted UI skins such as Blur or Sense.  Also, it means you won't have to wait for updates.This is the first phone to feature Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS).  I won't bore you with the intricacies of ICS, but I'll let you know that the phone operates extremely smooth.  Powered by ICS and a 1.2GHZ dual core processor, the phone glides through home screens, menus and applications without a hint of lag.This phone forgoes most physical buttons for on-screen buttons, save for a volume rocker and power/unlock button. This may seem weird at first, but the spacious 4.65" HD (yes, HD!!) screen allows for easy navigation.Speaking of the screen, it looks amazing. I've had no issue viewing outside in direct sunlight like I've had with other phones.  I will warn that if you have smaller fingers, the 4.65" screen might be difficult to manage if you're trying to hold and use the phone one-handed.  But, the added screen space also makes it extremely easy to type in portrait mode, as the screen size provides a portrait keyboard almost the same size as a blackberry.This phone comes with 16GB of internal memory, which is a lot of space, but honestly it would have been nice if they included a micro sd expansion slot for more space.The 5MP camera is pretty good.  It's not a world beater that will replace your point and shoot, but it will get the job done.  What it lacks in picture quality is made up for in software enhancements including almost zero lag shutter capture and the addition of a stock panoramic mode.  Videos can be recorded up to 1080p@30fps using the rear camera, and 720p@30fps using the 1.3MP front-facing camera.  There is also a LED flash on the back. The phone also contains video and picture editing apps from Google so you can quickly and easily edit your pictures/videos.The standard battery for this phone is 1850mAh, which will easily last me through a work day without any tweaks.  You might not get as much mileage out of this as I do, but at least the battery is replaceable and larger batteries are available.My main disappointment with the phone deals with a lack of a dedicated HDMI out port.  Sure, you can use HDMI out, but it requires a separate adapter, and I'm more in favor of phones having a full HDMI or micro HDMI out port instead of using adapters.  Also, note that since this is a Google Experience phone, there is no native DLNA apps installed, but you can find many adequate apps in the market (many for free as well!)Like I said earlier, since you're looking at this phone, you probably already know that you want it, but you're probably trying to figure out if it's worth the hype.  All I can say is that it is TOTALLY WORTH THE HYPE.  I've used this phone for over a week now and absolutely love it.  The only regret I have is that I wish I would have purchased it earlier.

good service very serious and responsible people . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The phone did not keep its charge, and the camera didn't work.  Had to return the phone.  At least the return pollicy allowed us to return the phone with no problem.

The hardware is really pretty nice despite feeling somewhat cheap and plastic compared to my previous phone (HTC Nexus One). The screen is huge and bright, the dual core CPU is peppy and responsive, and the updated Android is a serious improvement over the aging Gingerbread. Overall, I'm pleased with the purchase but would much rather have gotten it with a carrier subsidy.

Does this phone have 4g or 4g LTE. If so please reply. I know it has GSM but it doesn't say anywhere whether or not it has 4g. I have seen other unlocked nexuses that do have 4g.

Excelent smartphone, it gets the Jellybean OS few minutes after I configured my google account. The zero lag Camera is impressive. I previously had a HTC Nexus One and this phone is a really step forward (more than just one step), In my opinion, the quality of Samsung products is a lot better than the HTC.

too expensive here for something that doesn't offer official Google Support. Without flashing the phone, there's no way you'll be able to upgrade to Jelly Bean. The product is fantastic, but the price is not. Even with tax and shipping, its still cheaper on the playstore. I saved 20 bucks and have official google support (and warranty!)
