
Refurbished Iphone 4, in white, like new. No scratches, Loved it. Came with box and charger. No problems. Shipped to me in time.

First it was the sound when playing back videos; then it was the camera flash; then the home button. When I took it to the Apple Technical assistance, they told me the product had been violated, so the warranty has been declared void.

It's a great phone and came in great condition, but the battery doesn't hold a charge for more than 10 hours, so I had to buy a battery sick so that I don't loose power by early afternoon.

ADVISE TO ANY ONE WHO WANNA BUY FROM THIS SALLER.PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME....THIS GUY IS A JOKE AND HAS NOTHING TO SALE. HE'S NOT HONEST, HE IS A JOKE :( . HE HAS WASTED MY TIME AND HE WILL ALSO WASTE YOUR TIME :( PLEASE DON'T BUY FROM HIM.

Headphone never worked on speaker, videos without sound (microphone issues) and waited months for an answer from the seller.Besides, the screen seems not to be the original one, cause have diferrences from other iPhones 4.

The product came at time and the iphone work perfectly , came with all the accesories. It is what I ask for.

I purchased an Apple Iphone 4 16gb White Unlocked phone (New) and less than a month after purchasing the phone, the battery stopped working.  Upon going to the Apple Store, we were told that the warranty was expired and that a battery would cost $75 or a new phone would cost $150.  When I went to purchase a new phone, the employee brought me one in black.  When I asked for a white one, they rechecked the phone I had brought it, looked it the invoice from when the phone was originally purchased and realized that the phone had been purchased two years ago and that the cover had been changed from black to white!!!!!! The third party seller had changed the phone cover (and who knows what else).  Then is selling it for new on Amazon. BEWARE!!!!!

This phone does not work. I went into Tmobile and they could not get it to work either. The phone does not have service, the touch screen does not work and there is no text app. I tried to get assistance form the seller with no such luck! Now I am stuck with a $330 phone that is broken. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE OR FROM THIS SELLER!!!!!

even it was a used device, the conditions of the products were really good, my GF has been using it for months now without any problem

I love it. It works great. Haven't had any problems so far. I'm just afraid it drops and breaks because so many people's have.

I like iPhone 4 white and unlock. But I can't pay that much money. I try to get it soon.

This phone is the best it works good and I love it finished collection of my apple products thanks :) love my phone

Ask for sure it's a new phone. I got a used one packed as new. No doubt I will be more careful in the future

At first when I got this iPhone, I was very happy and everything worked very well. But later, when I was charging my phone, it said that charging was not supported. After comparing this charger to my other Apple charger, I discovered that it was not from Apple, and was fake. I'm very unsatisfied because the seller was not honest.

The phone worked great.  Then it wouldn't let my daughter text me or her father.  Then she got some kind of internet fix for it.  After that it worked again.  Great for the price.

It is working without problem in Costa Rica with the factory unlocked ... Postscript : we won the game against USA !! 3-1 !! How about that !!

This is the second iPhone 4 16gb purchased thru Amazon.  Both sold as brand new.The first seemed fine except for terrible photo quality.I returned it and ordered this one.Like the first this one was fulfilled by Amazon with Amazon Prime, but from a different supplier.This one came in a 16gb box, and took great photos.But Settings/General/About revealed it is only 8gb, and a call to Apple with the serial number confirmed that.So two different companies fulfilled by Amazon, two bad phones....and one unhappy, previously loyal, Amazon customer.And Oh yeah, both phones no longer qualified for new phone warranty, as they were a couple years old (not used, just old) when I received them as "New".

very fast and the iphone is great! ship at the same day. i got it few days later to my address..

I have a lot of problems whit this I phone , charge port dont work, and now the microphone not work properly .

Thank you so much.  I got the phone on time and it worked like a charm. I have no problem and most importantly my husband is very happy.Thanks AgainHaja

They said that the cellphone was original and unlocked, and the IMEI of the cellphone didn't match with the box. And it wasn't unlocked. So I lost time and I had to return it. Finally, I was able to get my money back, I was so worried and I had a really bad moment with this experience.

I accidentally dropped the phone, so contacted Apple to see about repair.  Took it to their store and was told that the face of the phone was not original!!! and on the back of the box there are two labels OVER THE ORIGINAL INFORMATION.WAS SOLD AS NEW IN BOX.IT IS NOT NEW AND HAS AN UNAUTHORIZED MODIFICATION AS DIAGNOSED BY APPLE!

I was expecting for an unlocked phone and I received an open box with a different phone inside wich I can't even use here in Venezuela and I have to pay a lot of extra money to get it fixed, I want to return this

getting one for my birthday yay!!! \( ^)/  since i'm growing up my mom said i coupd get one! B-)

The phone was advertised as being unlocked, and when I received it... it was not. I followed the steps as the email instructed and even called the seller and it did exactly as he said and still would not take my sim card. I attempted to call again and his phone was off. I have to pay extra money to get it unlocked. I am not satisfied whatsoever. I had hoped to just put my sim card in, follow the steps and go. Unfortunately I will have to go a day phone-less because of the false advertisement.

Its 100% approved, they are really good and the treatment that u receive is awesome!! You can trust it, they are good!!!

Just as advertised. This surveyb the worse part of the experience. Theprouctbwas good but Amazon can be painful to use with so many surveys.

Hi,since i bought the phone, my daughter us it.from the first call she made, the voice comes with &#34;Eco&#34;.this week we took it to cellular lab. to replace the speaker.it's cost me 60$ !!how can i get this money back??shay

I have bought two items but one of them did not work. The shop returned the money without any hesitation and I really appreciate it.

Even though the phone is old,it's  working perfectly, no problem at all. The phone have some scratches but not noticeable. It's like a new phone

***Updated review*** I bought this cellphone from TABLET DISTRIBUTORS and it was new, perfect, but didnt came unlocked (it was lockes o AT&T;), but i contacted them by email and they unlocked it in a few minutes.  So everything was fine, just in case dont panic (as I did) if it is locked, just contact them to change it.By the way, I love my cellphone, it is my first Iphone and works flawlessly.  Totally recommended.

el servicio que presta y los articulo que vende son de muy buena calidad dem&aacute;s esta mencionar la responsabilidad que brindan.-

This phone was jailbroken and did not apply to my carrier I wasted a lot of money on this phone and it doesnt even give me my service I am returning it because it claims it was able to access my carrier and its not. I was very dissapointed and if they do not accept returns I highly do not suggest this company and will sell it IF ANYONE WANTS IT, very highly dissatisfied.

The Iphone 4 16gb White Unlocked I bought was described as new condition but I received the refurbished one. It does not work properly. The caller speaks but the receiver cannot hear any thing and vice versa. I checked the IMEI number and found the phone was black color. I bought from Tablet Distributors, now it shows from Tech Communications. They are the same seller. Amazon should remove this seller from amazon.com to protect customers.

Love it everything came as it ,phone was nice and new along with everything.will definitely recommend this company to anyone

Bought what was advertised as an &#34;Apple iPhone 4&#34; from them.  It arrived in a timely fashion, but after a couple of weeks, the phone started having all sorts of problems.  I took it to the local Apple store to be checked out.  When the tech opened it up, the guts were a total mess: non-Apple parts from places he couldn't figure out, parts disconnected and unseated, parts damaged, parts missing...it was an iPhone case crammed full of whatever bits someone had managed to cobble together.  The tech wasn't sure how it ever worked in the first place.  The itemized list of things wrong with it from Apple was two pages long!Contacted the vendor via Amazon, who first asked that the phone be sent back so it could be replaced.  I returned it and let him/her know the first thing I would do with a replacement was take it to the Apple store for inspection, and the seller immediately offered to refund my money once the phone was received.  After receiving the phone but before paying out, he/she sent me an e-mail message asking for the screen unlock code for the phone.  I responded, asking why they would need that when they should be doing a factory wipe anyway, and haven't heard back since.  Just double-checked with Amazon and no refund yet.  I'm probably going to have to go legal with this.  Don't do business with these shady people!

First they didn't send me the White Iphone. Instead I got the black version and a note telling me that &#34;Is the black version of the Iphone 4.The speaker must be broken, cause nobody understand what I say. I suppose if it was so cheap, I shouldn't get what I want or one that actually works as a phone.Oh! Almost forgot, the charger is not working as well!!They send a 30 days warranty, but I don't want to deal with these guys anymore

I had to take the Iphone to repair the LED light was always on. Couldn't return it since was traveling out of the country.

The phone was in perfect condition and came with some great products that were not mentioned when purchased. I absolutely love it.

Phone works great. Arrived fast. Love how it connected to my iTunes effortlessly. Was priced very reasonably. Had a 3 love my new 4

I got the phone quickly and it was in near perfect condition.  I have had no problems with it whatsoever and am happy with everything.

ES LAMENTABLE QUE EL PRODUCTO APPLE IPHONE 4 16GB. PRESENTABA DEFECTOS EL EQUPO NO RESPONDE A LOS COMANDOS, LA PANTALLA SE BLOQUEA Y EN REALIDAD FUE UNA PERDIDA DE TIEMPO Y DINERO.

Home button stopped working in one week. Looks like that iphone jailbroken. I will return that item back. I am very disappointed as that was a gift.An update: Amazon should stop selling that as a new!!! That is not a new phone. Today Apple technician opened that phone and I was surprised: some parts are missing, screen wasn't original - replaced for not manufactured, and home button was unprofessionally replaced - that was the reason why it stopped working.

It turn off and turn on and sometimes, it will not turn at all so i have to connect and wait.

I puschased this phone LISTED AS NEW ! for a Christmas present. There was an issue with the phone 2/15/2014. Called APPLECARE. THIS PHONE WAS NOT NEW !!!!! ORIGIANAL PURCHASE AND REQISTER DATE WAS 2010 AND WAS SENT IN FOR SERVICE BY A PREVIOUS OWNER IN 2012. After it was reviewed by APPLE it had THREE DIFFERENT SERIAL NUMBERS . 1 - ON BOW LISTED AS BLACK I IPHONE. 2- LISTED A DIFFERENT SERIAL NUMBER ON THE HARDWARE AS A BLACK PHONE. AND WAS USED BOUGHT 2010 AND REPAIRED IN 2012. 3 - THE SIM CARD TRAY HAD A THIRD SEIRAL NUMBER.IT WAS USED AND REPAIRED BY APPLE AND WAS OUT OF WARRANTY. APPLE COULD NOT HELP.I CALLED AMAZON TO REPORT THIS TODAY AND AM PRAYING THEY TAKE THIS BACK ANDS REFUND AT LEAST PART OF MY MONEY ...............AS WEEL AS STOPPING THIS SELLER FROM SELLING ON AMAZON. THE PHONE WAS MODIFIED BY THE SELLER AND SOLD AS NEW FOR FULL PRICE  . SHAME ON YOU XIV WIRELESS 172 TRADE STREET LEXINGTON KY 40511

overall it was a good buy, sometimes my phone would act funny, but it could have been something i did to it. Overall i was happy and satisfied

Very ! very ! dissapointed. Phone was supposed to be new factury unlocked. phone locked up after 3 days . Went to an apple store to unlock was informed the phone had been altered and none apple parts had been used to repair or refurbish. I won't ever order electronics over the internet again.

I am very happy with the (Apple Iphone 4 16gb White) I ordered, looks great and everything is working and functioning smoothly .  i like it

This is not a new phone, and the charger is not authentically produced by Apple. The charger stop working after two days.

Although it came in a sealed packing. The sim card eject tool has already got some scratches for many times using. Checked the Id and found it has been used by other guy for a while. Someone complain that he/she got a stolen phone, not sure if this a stolen one.Very disappointed with the product, but very satisfied with Amazon's service. I can return it for free. But it waste my time anyway.

The looks terrible, very old and disfigured, some of the buttons don't work right, and priced at a ridiculous amount of over $300. This is a disgrace.

the only problem is the flash has never worked I need a flash light like all the time and sucks for some pix as well

When I make a call or I receive call, my voice is not listened. But I can hear the voice of my listener. Could you please help me to solve the problem?

Works great , unlocked , no scratches, nothing it's brand new . but after a few months the charger stopes working ? but other than that I've had no problems with it whatsoever &#128522;

This phone has no light on the screen. After charging it there is a faint outline and no light.  It is on its way back to you.

The phone was in great condition. Almost brand new except for some very little details. It came with the usb charger and the adapter. Very pleased with this transaction. Thank you.

I bought this iphone 4 because I know Apple products are top of the line in quality, performance, and reliablility. Customer service is the best--prompt and exceeds customer expectation. I also own a Macbook which is as functional as when I just bought it 2 yrs ago, and I know iphone will last its intended utility, as long as I take good care of it.

Overall the iPhone performs well! Nonetheless, the set language was Chinese and I had to install English as the default language.

I those this iphone is new so I buy it when I get it today is already look like someone use it and is not have a earphone with it

This was a huge disappointment. The phone was not new and was faulty. I can't use it at all. FAKE, FAKE, FAKE. Don't buy

I am happy with the product and the support from seller gave  us when requested.  Recommend it fully nice phone to use.

Ordered for my wife, as I was given a used iPhone 4 that I've been using for 6 months and love.  Good price and delivered quickly in excellent condition.  No problems.

The new iPhone is  good,but it's 8G instead of 16G as it advertised.I paid for the 16G and gave me a 8G,amazon  sucks!

It is cheap and it is good. I like it very much.I am satisfied . The attitude is very good.

Ok so I got the phone. Works great was unlocked and used two diff SIM cards now on AT&T; and tmobile sims for straighttalk. However (not fault of seller but AT&T; straighttalk) u do have to do a semi tether jailbreak to use mms on the AT&T; straittalk sim. Phone does everything I wanted.Now reason for 4 star and not 5. Sorry seller but LCD has a bad spot on side. Not to noticeable but it's there. The frame is bent also. Home button is a pain. I know it's refurbished but I just had to say it.Thank u seller for fast shipping and great communication. Would buy from again!!

The phone was exactly what we expected. It arrived on time, it was unlocked, new and worked perfectly. We are very happy with the product and the seller.

Cheapest one I was able to find. Condition was New in Box and it arrived as described. Works like an iphone 4!

I never buy from njmarks2005. I bought 2 iphone 4 16GB from you but I received only one usb cable and the white iphone 4 is 8Gb (not 16Gb as your description). After I complained about this, njmarks2005 said that he will give me some money back. I agreed with that and ask how much. He changed his mind, and he want me return the iphone, but I buy this phone as a gift, and give away an hour after I received. I have no idea about this guy, I gave serial number of iphone for him check. The iphone also have id apple with name is njmarks2005. I wonder he don't remember the iphone what he used. What the mistake in here?. Finally, I buy the iphone 4 8Gb with the price of 16Gb

I like the phone, but its a bit dirty, but its okay, wish its not that dirty, I have to use lots of baby wipes to wipe it.

Man I ordered my iphone 4 on the 9th and received my package on the 12th... I was extremely ecstatic about the sped up process.. I love the phone it is in fact unlocked and ready to use. 16gb was also an eye popper since it was sold to me for $193.. AMAZING DEAL. I highly recommend buying from this seller... Came with charger and the original box. Can't get any better than that.. A HEADS UP FOR POTENTIAL BUYERS make sure you have a MICROSIM CARD with you because it does not come with one.. If it's unlocked why would it have a sim card.. Put the pieces together. I have a t-mobile sim card and I was able to make quick calls in the matter of a few minutes.. So I am in love with this phone and I will be buying the 5th or the 6th in the near future.. From them of course !

The phone is great, the customer service is wonderful, and I would definitely shop with this provider again for any of my cell phone needs--

Great to buy from. Friendly and helpful

This I phone looked good at first. Every thing worked well for the first month. However after a month or so later my stop button stopped responding. Now I can't switch my cell phone at all and it is on for ever. Tried contacting the seller, no response yet. Don't buy this cheap items. No good at all

We bought this phone for use overseas, after being very happy with a previous iphone.  The new phone didn't work well from the beginning, and continues to work erratically.  Even the charger never charged the phone.  If we were in the US, we would have returned it immediately, but now it seems we are stuck with a defective product.  Unfortunate indeed.  I would never buy another product like this on amazon again.

Refurbished Iphone 4, in white, like new. No scratches, Loved it. Came with charger. No problems.it ship fast too i will i highly recommend it you wont regret it

As advertised like new and was easy to  get on line.  I would not hesitate to purchase another one from this site.  It was for my granddaughter who is 17 and she was thrilled.

this Iphone 4 that I bought  came with a defect didint work the home button dont work, I thought you guys make sure the items you guys sell you make sure they really work, what can I do about it.

hi the phone is locked, need to unlock it .. iphone 4 white 16g. I hope your help please.. bye

My 12yr old daughter has been dying for an iphone.  She finally saved up enough money to get one and we researched for exactly what she wanted making sure that it was unlocked.  We waited and it finally came on the very last day it was scheduled!  Then it comes with the previous owners information, apps, music, etc...  We got that cleared and took it to our carrier and come to find out it is not unlocked.  I now have a heartbroken kid and a crap phone that I have to take the time out to send back.  I am beyond irritated!!!

My friend in Brazil liked it. It's suitable anywhere he goes, and he can conect with the world. Thanks Apple.

it met my expectation. i like this product so much because it made it easier for me to do many things on my phone

As far as my contact with the company everything was great.They went far and beyond to help me.I bought this iphone for a friend in Brazil. I bought it as a new iphone.it also said New on my receipt and on the delivery label.When it got to Brazil my friend had a problem, it wasn't working.she took it to the apple representative and it was said that the iphone wasn't new, it had been worked on.it had peaces put in that wasn't apple.it was missing some screws...I have all the data to show what went on.Of course my friend was furious and I was dissapointed.Once exchanching emails with the seller he said that Amazon will send me a box for the return of the merchandise and that he will credit my friend's account for the whole value payed.Right now I am waiting for the return stuff.Had to bring the iphone back to the USA ...It was a sad experience

I looked for unlocked by apple and when i tried to put my sim in it, i had to reset the iphone many times, part of the times i got fields stating its at&t.

Muy Buen Telefono En Buenas Condiciones Fisicas Con Uno Que Otro Detalle....Lo Unico Malo Es Que Una De Las Cornetas Internas No Fuciona.... De Resto Excelente.... Liberado De Fabrica y Funcionando Muy Bien Con Movistar

I bought as unlocked  to use it in Moscow. But it was locked, when  I put  a chip. Currently I am out of  the USA, that's why I can't return it back.I don't  recommend  to buy iphone Apple 4 from  Amazon.

It stuck and we had to take out the battery in order to restart it.. it is happening many times like this...so buy Apple.

The phone came in a closed box of Apple, but accessories in it are not original from Apple. Also headphones were broken. It means that this seller is filling and closing this boxes as Original. Now I'm not sure if my &#34;NEW&#34; phone is really new

Hi,I've already contacted the vendor about my prb with my new iphone, where I noticed an issue in the display, showing vertical lines. You advise me (and I have a copy of this email) to fix this issue in Apple Brasil, cos I'm from Brasil.Well, when I contacted Apple Brasil they asked me that my Iphone is not Original one, and that it was mounted with parts of an others Iphones. Also they said me that the internal IMEI number is from an Iphone Black 16BG and to be more worse and crazy it`s not the same IMEI number recorded on the Card holder but Apple Brasil said me it should be the same for an original product. But instead of that the external IMEI number (located on the card holder) is from a Iphone 4S Black 32GB, which explain now the reason why I`ve received a wrong Box, cos if I bought an Iphone 4 16gb why I've received a box describing Iphone 4s?To complete the case, Apple Brasil said me that the internal IMEI number is from an Iphone that was already bought in Aug,2011, that means and I'm sure now my equipment was refurbished and was selled as new one!! Just to enphacises that the advertasing was describes like a NEW ONE Iphone!!Please I need you help to proceed with the changes and I want a new one Iphone Equipment and of course registered in the Apple, an original and new one with the same description as I've asked bfr.Thanks for your understanding.Best regards,Romulo

I was very satisfied with my phone. Received it on time and in good condition. The only thing is I assumed I was gonna receive the charger since that was in the pictures but I just didn't pay attention to the description bc it clearly says phone only. Oh well phone is still great

I was concerned about buying a 2nd hand phone but figured that if it was Amazon, then reseller would be reputable and verified as such. I received the phone in August 2013 but it would not update to the IOS 7.02 and despite innumerable attempts, it remained bricked.As I am now in East Africa, I could not take it to an Apple Store (nearest one is 3000 miles away) but when I finally did so in Jan 2014, I was told that the phone had already been tampered with by an unaithorised technician and contained fake, non-original Apple parts.I contacted the seller about this but they have not bothered to respond or acknowledge my emails, despite resending, which only adds further to my conviction that the phone is not all that it was promised to be. Looking at the reviews, I see that I am not alone in buying a defective phone and receiving zero customer care afterwards.I am very disappointed, and considerably out of pocket, so would like to advise all potential buyers not to buy this product from this reseller unless they would like to be as equally disappointed and swindled of their hard-earned money as I currently am.

The iPhone is in good conditions but the speaker and the reception for signal are very very poor, first I thought was the server but when my daughter check her iPhone she got excellent reception and not me

The phone was nice...however, it wasn't described properly and when I got it, it was a Verizon phone, not AT&T, which was useless to us because we needed a phone with a SIM card slot.....

This iPhone 4 landed up being fake, it stopped working after 6 months and I took it to a Apple store where they told me the part in the phone had been remove and cheap Chinese parts had replaced the orginals. I will never buy electronic products from Amazon again if this is the type of items they are selling to the public.

The camera didn't work -.-But the phone was in perfect shape and without scratches.Just the camera was damage

excellent thank you very much for the article as.  good condition, arrive on time, with all accessories, I loved,everything you buy. thank you.

If it was not for a slight discoloration around the volume buttons and the plane box I would never have guessed that the phone was used. Not a scratch on the front or the bottom, battery that holds the full charge and all brand new accessories. The only thing I had to do to make the phone work was get a new sim card.

The product was great and I had no problems with it.  I bought it for my nephew.  I would recommend the Iphone to anyone that is looking to purchase and unlocked phone.

The phone was ok but with some small stuff that I did not like such as the camera. Although, I took my whole refund in no time. So it seems that may be that particular one was not ok. I see that the sellers may be did not know that this phone was ot good.

Awesome purchase! Came on time. The phone came in GREAT condition. It came with a wall charger and usb cord. The one i purchased was used but honestly couldn't tell the difference. Scratch free!

It's in great condition, the negative is that sometimes it does not charge all the way, and needs finagled with to make sure it charges.

The iphone got here early than i  thought. Brand New. Unlocked. FIVE STAR. We can trust these guys. Thank you

This iphone 4 turned out not to be unlocked like advertised. My dad took it to Venezuela where he is from and he is unable to use it there like he was hoping. I would like to know how to actually get an unlocked phone.

perfect condition. very happy that i bought it! there was literally no scratches at all and it looked brand new when i first got it!

Super. The iphone is just like new. They show be rated more than five star. Excellent, first class. What a phone

The apple iPhone 4 sold to me was refurbished, yet 20% of my money was taken for restocking. I call that stealing!!!

Came on time, in good protective packaging, as described and functioning. Its a gift to someone out of country so have not used as phone, but all is working as listed.

Very good. My first unlocked phone. This iPhone worths what o paid for it. Service was very good and the migration from my old one was very easy.

Never said it had a scratch on the screen. When it came it had a scratch diagonally from right to left corner, not so visible but it's there.

It met my expectation,nice phone it came as was described, it takes good clear pictures user friendly. Would recommend it.

The cellphone wad not unlocked. I tried many times with different sim cards and with tech support and could not unlock it. I wanted to return it today but saw the return window closed yesterday.  I will have to file a chargeback.

It's a good phone, depending for what  you intend to use it, but the gretest feature of the iphone i think is , the app store, where you can get thousands of app's,and have a lot of fun with them, i even downloaded one gps navigation app, and use it constatly on my car.

The phone is unlocked, but it was not new! I bought it on Sept and in Nov the HOME button does not work and the phone signal does not work either. Less than 2 months!! I went to Apple, and they said that this phone was used and it is registered under someone's else name!! I will have to pay to have it replaced. The package was opened and resealed, so the top part says 32GB and the bottom part says 16GB! The seller explained that they had to open the package to manually unlock and to register and so on... but anyway, the phone does not work and now I am basically stuck with a broken phone. I am in contact with the seller TABLET DISTRIBUTORS to have it replaced, but since I live outside the US, they cannot ship it over to me and they offer me 30$ instead!! Bad transaction!!!

It ws a gift that i gave to a family member and they love it!! perfect condition and arrived SUPER FAST!!!! love it thank you

Hello, I bought this phone unlocked. However when I put my apple id password in an error. menssagen one appears saying the iphone is connected to an Apple ID (mxxxxx@lxxxxx.edu). there is some blockage of the cell. kindly inform as soon as possible.

Works perfectly fine, no scratches looks brand new, no scratches. Comes with charger and everything. Not a waste of your money, guaranteed

I'm satisfied but once I got it something was peculiar one speaker worked but the other one didn't but it's alright (: I LOVEEEE MY NEW IPHONE AHH can't stop holding it :) thank you.

My phone started to have a problem with the screen and when I took it to an Apple store and when they saw the inside of the phone they were amazed and the told me that they had never seen something like that. The phone is a fake iPhone. They took my money and now I have a non working fake iPhone and what I bought was a real one.

Convenient and simple in use, a good camera, easy in downloading, various interesting  functions. And the size s really good!

It worked like brand new! It had no problems and no difficulties. I am very pleased with the iPhone :D

All I expected. Just like a new iPhone. Now my aunt wants one. hmmm :)Good jobThank You, cheers

This iPhone work perfect just because one of the speakers don't work but then everything work really good. So I give 4 stars to this item.

The phone was not new or factory unlocked as stated, very disappointed was a mothers day gift, don't buy.Smith

When i bought the item it stated that this was an Iphone 4 that was already unlock for any carrier. Well that was not the case, if it wasn't because i know people i would've had to return this item. but everything was ok i guess.

I contacted you previously about this phone and informed you that it keeps freezing and will not start correctly. This is not problems a new phone should be showing these problems.

In presentation I didn't been noticed about very low quality of iPhone camera. This issue was not reflected in the price I have pay. Honest should be a discount covering phone's technical condition. I did not receive this discount, therefore  I consider that I am a victim of a misconducting presentation of the product.

There was a problem with the x-sim card to unlock the phone.  I contacted the vendor through amazon about this problem.  The vendor responded promptly to correct this problem.  He kept me up to date with the progress for factory unlock by Sony.  He gave me his telephone # and personnel e-mail for communications.  He really does do what he advertises.  Great to work with.  The phone works great too.

phone power button is not working and the other party can't hear when talking via microphone. The home button is not very responsive.

the iphone it was like new without scratches and it was on time. It was perfect like in the picture

it arrived on time !!! its like new thanks!!!! its a very good item &#60;&#60;&#60; a++ thg g g g

Cell phone was in good condition. delivery was fast, accessories were provided and in a good condition. I recommend this product to other people

I BOUGHT AN STOLEN IPHONE FROM WIROVIA. I TRIED TO UPDATE IT TO A NEW VERSION AND NOW I CANT USE IT BECAUSE THE IMEI IS REPORTED AS STOLEN IN ANOTHER COUNTRY. DO NOT BUY IPHONES FROM HERE PLEASE! I LOST 600 DOLARS

the phone froze up the 1st week we tried to use it and then it stopped recognizing the sim card.  This all happened within a week.  But the good thing about this is I did not have any issues returning it and getting my money back

The iphone came in a pretty case and was fully functional. It had no scratches or problems. Good as new. Works with any sim card. Would recommend to anyone.

i like iphones and the shipper was decent but the phone itself is the problem  i have been really careful with this phone  it has not been exposed to water and i have nkt dropped it but the power button doesnt work any more and i have only had this phone for about 4 months.

Excellent! i found the in excellent condition iphone.  arrive on time. very responsible customer .I really thought it brought more accessories but  the unit is also in very good condition

I was hesitant to buy this phone, after so many people wrote to say that it was used. I bought it for my wife, and all I can say is that it is indeed a brand new phone, and she likes it. The phone works as advertised. We live in Bolivia, and it works fine here.

Good price And there was no need to ask for activation codes or anything else. Easy to use outside the US

a great phone for those not ready to make the leap into the iphone 5. especially if you need to get out of a contract.

One month after the return deadline, the phone stopped working. The genius bar tried to repair and could not. The phone was advertised as new but there were defects on the screen, the in-call sensor would not work regularly, and after the first couple months, the phone only worked about 1/3 of the time. A lot of money down the drain. Would never buy from this seller again.

It's an iPhone..  It works like it should, has a bunch of interesting features and she wanted it.  So I got it for her.

Would have liked it to have a vibrating battery.  Other than that, very happy with the product. Very happy anyway..

I bought this iphone in may 2013 and now in aug first week it does not detect my SIM card. I took the phone to couple of repair shops they said, inside it is bend and cannot be fixed, i felt cheated. For all those who are planning to buy this iphone 4, i would suggest you to spend $100 more and buy from apple.Thank you!

Purchased this iPhone marked as brand new.problems with the mic immediately.i take it to the apple store to find it was refurbished/recycled and serial # proved this & also many parts including the color had been changed!A terrible product from a liar company trying to rip you off!!
