
I bought this phone from Amazon more than a month ago and so far I'm very happy with it. No major problems, freezing or software issues. battery life isn't bad if you turn off the GPS and location stuff if you're not using them and lower the brightness of your display (I finish the day with ~60% left).You have to keep in mind that it's not a very powerful device. I've read reviews where people got disappointed with the phone because they didn't have a clue of what they were buying. Yes it's an android phone but this's not galaxy S II or one of those fancy HTC devices. It has a limited chip and internal storage so you can't just download tons of applications and expect the device to run smoothly.you will still be able to enjoy all the basic applications and your favorite ones. I've used pandora, facebook, gmail, google maps, twitter, email without any problems.Summary:Pros: good design - android - stability - PRICECons: limited chip - screen sizeconclusion: If you're looking for a cheap android device go for this lg phone ... but don't expect with 120-130$ to get the ultimate device ... read and know what to expect before buying.

Did not like. I sent it back. It was way to slow and it would shut off when it wanted

Excelente produto!! O celular &eacute; pr&aacute;tico e funcional. Al&eacute;m de seus detalhes ...j&aacute; o possuo a mais de 6 meses e est&aacute; aprovado!  excelente compra!

I have used my LG p350 for a few weeks now and found it easy to use.  The only problem was it came with a French manual.  I just download one in English and that was fine.  Also it is not an ATT phone so I am having a hard time downloading drivers for it and using some of he features.

buen tel&eacute;fono r&aacute;pido sencillo buenos colores, la pantalla excelente recomendado funciona perfecto con cualquier sim card no hay ning&uacute;n tipo de queja excelente

awsome phone does alota stuff got here super fast!!! only negitive was that the phone was in german when i got it but lucky me my mother is german so it wasnt too hard to figure out how to switch it to english but i LOVE the phone and the camera on it is great! ive had a little trouble finding a case for it but like i said for the price it was a great buy

Going from the US to France, this was a great choice to use with pre-paid service from Orange. Also, my phone was sold by Breed and arrived new in the box with all accessories and in good working order (not a refurb or knockoff).All the basic features that I care about as a tourist worked well- voice, internet, email, and maps.  Also the 3G cellular internet has worked well so far in Paris.  Plenty fast enough for maps, email, basic web searches, google translator.The form factor of the phone is smaller than most current smart phones.  I am mid 40's in age and did not have any problems reading the screen, though.  Also no problems typing on the screen (can download the thick buttons app as an earlier reviewer suggested).I haven't tried playing games, etc as this is a "cheap" smartphone and I don't want to bog it down and compromise the basic features.Also, the camera app is OK.  I have a 16gb micro sd card that I purchased separately that I won't come close to filling.  It is a 3 mp camera as the phone description states- so it is what it is. Fine for snapshots, not much more.On a side note- I found the best way to get a sim card was just to go to an Orange store in Paris and let them install it and make sure all is working well.  My plan was 20 euro for unlimited domestic voice for a month, which included 250 mb of cellular data.  Got another 500mb of data for an additional 10 euro.  Unlimited Orange wi-fi was 20 euro for the month, but they don't allow telephony (internet calls like skype). Rates for using the phone to call back to the US are 9 eurocents per minute (and you can still skype on hotel wi-fi, just not the Orange service).At 1/6 the price of a current unsubsidized smartphone, the phone is a winner.  Compared to the choice of just buying a feature phone, this one makes so much more sense for traveling to me.  I would really be sorry to miss out on email, maps, and web for the small dollar difference (even though wi-fi would enable those on my US phone to some extent, so much easier having one phone working for everything).

I bought this about a month back from amazon.  It arrived on time and in good shape.  I use this unlocked phone with a prepaid service from T-Mobile and saves me lot of money as opposed to signing up any contract.  All of the features are working perfectly and it's a very good phone for such a price.Cleveland, Ohio.

Yhe phone was a gift for my wife, she loved it, it's working fine, except for some problem with the memory card, it is not recognized sometimes, and cannot be accessed, maybe it's a card's failure, we are not sure I have to test it with other sd.

This has almost all the features of a medium range phone and comes with a decent price. Good deal. A reliable LG product and worth buying it.

If you need a very affordable unlocked phone, I would suggest you to buy this phone. I would recommend it to any other buyer.

I'm writing this review after usng the phone for 9 months. As it is written that it comes with a US warranty. I did call LG USA and they said it is UK based T-Mobil model. So, dont get confuse with US T-mobil. If it is unlocked it does work in USA for T-Mobil. But unfortunately after using for 9 months, it's mic and speaker doesn't work anymore. There wasn't even a crack on my phone but still speakers and mic doesnt work. Another problem I found is that is getting extremely slow. You have to wait for 2 min to get your screen refreshes to move to another screen.Thanks.

good  phone! may be for kids that they can play with it... but I didnt like it comparing to other smart phones

My dad got this phone after we reviewed a lot over Amazon and we decided on this. When arrived, it seemed like everything was ok! It was also smaller than expected. Most of it is touch and easy to use kinda, but the only problem is that it does not support text messaging. When contacting the seller, they believed that it was our company's fault, but we were on a prepaid plan. He used to be able to text on his old phone as well... Other than that, the phone is pretty ok to use! Just a bummer that it will not receive nor send messages. We also had a problem where the screen wouldn't pop up for a while when conducted to, but I believe that problem does not persist anymore.

This phone looked used... the box looked like it had been dug out of the garbage can. It did not look like a brand new phone at all. It was not worth the money that I was paying for it, so I'm sending it back!!

EXCELENTE TELEFONO, MUY AGRADABLE, TIENE BUENAS FUNCIONES, COMODO,DEPORTIVO EN POCAS PALABRAS LO RECOMIENDO,SE LOS GARANTISO. COMPRENLO ESPERO QUE LES SIRVA .

I just received this phone yesterday and so far I think it was a good purchase. I am replacing a windows phone ( Samsung Focus ) because I dropped it and cracked the screen. I was wanting to fix my old phone but ran into difficulties getting anyone who could assist me( something to do with the phone itself, supposedly hard to get parts ). Anyway I bought this phone to get me through until I can upgrade again. So far I like the responsiveness of the touchscreen. The android os seems to work ok. I am working on getting everything set up. I did like the fact that I just put my sim card from my old phone into it and everything transferred and so far everything seems to work. I have AT&T and so far so good. Phone is a little small so if you are looking for a phone size of an iphone this isn't for you

The first thing I checked was if the device was unlocked as claimed. It was. I have been using it for about a month now and very satisfied. If you are looking for a high-end fancy Android, this is not it. You may have a better chance with its 500 series product line.

The phone turns itself off every 20 minutes (and it takes a while to get it to power on again, which it only does if it feels like it).I'll never buy a refurb again.

Confusing piece of junk with a Spanish manual. I use it for music in the car cos it's no good as a phone.

The phone itself was okay.  I had to send it back because it would not work with my service.The one thing that I found dissappointing about it was that it does not have a full keyboard,it has just a basic keyboard like any other stupid phone.  It also does not come with a memory card.

Though it is used I expected to have something working or functioning but the battery is so poor and it cannot save energy for an hour

Have service with Cincinnati Bell. Lost my 'Blaze' while on holiday. This was the most economical replacement I could find that runs Android. After using for a month or more, I like it more than I did my previous phone. It is more compact. It works with my service provider without problems.

2G but OK for my trip to France.

this is trash.  why is any tochscreen android not whatsapp compatible??i know it seni-ancient, but no update???  i may be wrong, but who cares...i got a touchscreen i cant use & will now have to sell cheap of gift

this phone is good im actually on it right now writing this review... this is my first android phne i like it...searchi g is nice, the battery do need to charge often but i think thats just my settings. the screen is a little small but i can work with it and my fingers are kind of big so i find that of i text landscape i can spell most of my words right lol. i love lov love the wifi hotspot, my own is kind of slow to reapond on my laptop but i think thats just our slow network here in the Bahamas. the next thing is the camera sucks butt indoors especially where the light is dim but its ok outdoors!  I bought a alacatel 806a from ebay for $30 and that 2megapixl camera is great indoors  and out! I love to take pics and upload them to facebook so that was my main reason to upgrade my alcatel and it was disapointing but i can live with itUPDATE******* Nov 6 2012I still love this phone unfortunately if fell in water twice!!!!the first time for like 25 minutes before i realized and the second time like 15 minutes LOL...that really sucksss buttttttt! but anyway suprising enough the phone still works! my only thing is the camera doesnt work any more :( I figured since the camera was never or good quality i was going to use my other phone to take pics and bluetooth the pics to post on fb and stuff BUT the SD slot got messed up too due to the water damage and when I try to bluetooth pics it says CONNECTION FAILED NO SIM or something like that. Any way I am glad BlackFriday is in a few week I am going to by another phone..DEFINATELY Android, Touchscreen but with a better camera and something that supports the flash so I can watch movies from free websites.....This is a really nice phone though! Besides the camera not being able to take nice pictures. I would buy it again if the camera was better any way. It was nice for the two (2) months i used it. Oh and I found that it can be used without a sim to access the internet via WIFI. I am so not throwing it away I can add education android apps to it (not many because the internal storage sucks) for my kids, ebooks, games and other stuff! The speaker is still working fine also after being in water. So I can give it to my seven year old.....he doesn't need a camera ;)UPDATE****** Nov 23 2012So anyway its Black Friday and I am still deciding on a phone to purchase for Cyber Monday because like I said before my camera was not working! I just accidently clicked on the camera button while looking at some old pics  and guess what?! The camera came on and the SD slot works again! I actually took a few pics...viewed them in the gallary and went back to the camera and it still came back on :D!!! I want to do cart-wheels! Thats $400.00 saved in my pocket... although the camera is not all that good in dim lighting It will have to do for now. Or at least until i have $400.00 to waste which will not be anytime soon..... O and before i forget I dont have to charge my battery everyday anymore because i downloaded the 'Easy Battery Saver' App from the Google Play store and it's awesome!

excelente muy bien elaborado ,bastante sensible la pantalla t&aacute;ctil , buen precio,en realidad es justo lo que esperaba,recomiendo este producto estoy conforme con la compra.

Great Phone. I only need a phone to take an receive calls. But this does more at an affordable price.

This phone is SO slow, I can't even stand it. It literally takes 30 seconds to respond to a tap sometimes. It  freezes, it shuts down randomly. Sometimes it just stops working and stops receiving texts. Picture messages and multimedia messages do not work. I have very little good to say about this phone.

got it for my son and it served the purpose it was intended for wished it was not 2g network

this phone has a lot of good features. I would recommend anybody who wants android, wifi and 3g for a good price

Does all that I expected it to do. Impressive battery life.One problem - Skype , after installation, took over phonefunction and only could make calls via skype. No wirelessservice, no phone. Had to uninstall Skype.

The telephone came without the usb cable, and for the characteristics of the charger, i need to buy a new charger, and the telephone came with a miniusb with some photos.

I'm not a high tech type of person and i was on budget after my current phone wasnt working. i think it works pretty good for being so cheap, the internet is only 2g, so it can be a bit slow. other than that im ok with it, im not sure what people think they can get for $100 bucks. i am too frugal to spend $300 and up on a phone.

UPDATE: Most of my complaints about the phone have been solved with some research and I am changing my rating from 3 stars to 4. Biggest issue for me is that the flash isn't supported on the phone. A few hints if you buy the phone to save you some time:-When you move the sim from your old phone to this one and access your contacts, they appear to be un-editable. Instead of tapping or double-tapping the contact, press on it instead. In a second or so, a menu will appear with options to edit, delete, etc. Also there is the option to export to PC-sync which I recommend. After you do that, the contact will be in there twice. After syncing your contacts, I'd get rid of the old.-The default language on this is German. That's easy enough to fix in most places but the keyboard app was more obstinate. I took a second tour through the settings and finally found the option for the default language for the keyboard.-Downloaded apps can quickly fill the phones memory. Go to App Manager > All Apps and pick each one individually. About 1/3 can be moved to your SD card.This is definitely an entry-level phone and as I wrote in my original review (below), I think I should have spent another $80 for a little more functionality or at least a little more screen area. Aside from the lack of support for flash, there are no huge deficiencies.My original review:I bought this phone to replace my current AT&T; cell phone. I didn't want to get into contract extensions and I didn't want to get into one of their higher priced data plans. My prior phone was considered to be a non-smartphone (I think semi-literate would be more appropriate) and so I had a pretty decent deal of $15/mo unlimited data. I hadn't dealt with unlocked phones before and so went into it with some trepidation.This is definitely entry-level in the smart-phone arena...one review I read after it arrived called it a phone aimed at the teenage market. Also, this phone was clearly intended for a European audience...the default language is German and the phone arrived with a European-to-US adapter for the recharging cord. The one that was in the box didn't work actually...the vendor did send a replacement but I was lucky enough that the recharger for my old Motorola fit and worked just fine.Connecting my phone to AT&T; really was as simple as removing the SIM from my old phone and slipping it into the new one. The phone comes with a 2 gb micro SD card. I removed it and popped in the 4 gb one from my old phone.The LG P350 comes with Android 2.2 installed...there are oodles of downloadable apps. I quickly found an app to stream HBO and Epix over my cable company's wifi connection. The phone is up-gradable to Android 2.3.x though I haven't been brave enough to do so as yet.The LG App Adviser built-in is supposed to suggest apps to download but in getting to know you it wants to know whether I was from Europe or Africa. Happily -- I guess -- a third option was to declare that I was a citizen of the world. The phone recommended I download a fitness app...I do need to lose a few pounds but I'm a little puzzled how the phone knew that lol.The touch screen works but isn't super-responsive. With most apps, you can turn the phone on its side and the screen re-orients. In some apps, "Enter" is in German or Spanish...there is no English option. Other than that little quirk, it's easy enough to find English for everything else.The phone doesn't seem to support any sort of flash player which is a disappointment.The phone connected easily to my wi-fi and was fairly speedy. When travelling, the phone connects automatically to wi-fi hot-spots though you can turn that off.The phone is supposed to be 3G compatible. I haven't seen how to do that and suspect it is only 3G compatible with T-Mobile. I can access data over AT&T;'s 2G network but it is slow and it seems to be the default. When I am home, I make sure that I turn off that feature to force it to use the wi-fi. (By the way, to connect to the AT&T; mobile data network, select settings, network and APN. Enter an APN of "wap.cingular" (no quotes of course). Give it whatever name you want.)The GPS function seems to work but I haven't really tried it on the road because of concerns about pulling that much data over the 2G network and a fear that the AT&T; Police will catch up to me. I have the phone set up to warn me if I pull large amounts of data over the mobile network.The phone is fairly good looking and feels solid. The display is bright enough but the quality of the text is sub-par...the screen resolution is 320 x 240.I'm sure the user manual is clear enough to someone who is smarter than me but I found it a tad obtuse.The phone ships with an LG Import app on the SD card which you can copy to your PC (or can be downloaded from LG). It is an exercise in frustration. I'm sure it serves a purpose but I've as yet to figure out how. Quick example:-To import the contacts from your old phone, the book suggests you use your old phone's export to CSV utility. My Motorola has no utility to export addresses.-I did copy the addresses to the SIM and the LG recognized them okay but the PC utility program didn't see them. In fact, the contacts on your SIM can't be edited and can't be exported. Your only option is to re-enter them and store them in your phone's memory.The phone's internal memory is quite chintzy (170 mb I think?) and most apps want to be installed there. Some apps give you the option of being moved to your SD card but most don't.Battery life on the phone is at best so-so. Be sure to use the App Manager to kill applications running in the background as many of them tend to burn up the battery. If you use power-hungry applications such as GPS, the battery will last 2.5 to 3 hours. If you have nothing running in the background, you can get 4 to 5 hours of talk time and 3 or 4 days of standby. If you aren't careful of what is running in the background, you might only get a day of standby.The phone does charge from your computer's USB port when connected.I haven't tried the camera or video recorder built-in.The phone has a pretty decent voice navigation system. I can pull up Google, for instance, and speak my search term instead of typing it in. Considering the limited space for the keyboard on the screen, this is very nice.If I had it to do over again, I think I'd spend another $70 or $80 and get something with a somewhat larger and perhaps more responsive screen. At $130, the phone is a decent buy and is kind of fun.

With this low budget device you get what you pay for. The telephone is really slim and light and it offers all the basic services a smartphone should have. However, it's quite slow and due to its low edge processor it would freeze from time to time (which is pretty annoying if you're trying to make an important phone call) A good start for Android newbies, but don't expect much!!!

I got the phone because its a Android phone that can run off of GSM networks, which is what Net10 phones work on, Net10 wouldn't sell me a Android phone because of lack of 3G coverage in my area, so this was my best option, ordered a "Bring Your Own Phone" Sim from Net10 and popped it in, set the APN settings and away I went with a Android phone I could use anywhere the net10 phones worked. If I ever get a phone again, it will have to be Quadband like this phone.

All I can say is that it broke down after about 2 months of use and LG support says that this phone does not have US warranty.

Bought this phone new in box for my daughter when her iPhone broke. Phone had the features needed and functioned well for 60 days then started to drain the battery quickly. Thought it must be a battery issue so I bought a replacement battery and same thing happened. Seller won't respond and so I'll have to try LG to see if they'll stand by the product. What a hassle, next time I'll purchase my cell phone from eBay so I have buyer's protection

Its probably a GREAT PHONE, but I couldn't use it.  I am with a different cell phone provider & I despise having to work to get my stuff to work for me appropriately.  I didn't want the hassle of doing...THIS...THAT...and THE OTHER THING.

It is okay for the price  it is a small phone if you are looking  for cheap phone just for calling it will work good for you

This phone is not what I thought it would be. I am unable to load all of my contacts from my Sim. It frequently stalls or just stops working. The back off the phone is extremely hard to get off. The headset does not work well. The person I am talking to can nit hear me well. I'm just not pleased with this phone at all.

I'm very please with the Optimus and the rate of shipping was very fast.However, when I opened the box and examined the phone, there was a couple obvious scrapes on the corners D: not as pleased as I would've been

I bought this phone a year ago, well is quite basic, but overall for the price is good, it has very little internal memory so you can only have a few applications, if you use several applications at once causes cherry and you throw against the floor.

Screen is very tiny. Screen size is listed in the description but I didn't realize exactly HOW SMALL that really was. Also, within the first week, and I bought it new, it would freeze during games at first, and then just randomly. I never had a touch phone before and got it to try out since it was cheap- loved the features, but wanted more. Returned this phone and spent an extra $50 for a used 3g Samsung Galaxy Vibrant which was well worth the upgrade.

The phone does not work with att and have spent 2 hrs trying to make it work waste.of money. Time phone is only 2g wont send pictures has great features just nothing works. Attn also said they cant make this phone work with their net work when I purchased this phone it said att.

Do not buy this phone! Please read the reviews before buying it.It has serious issues. I bought it for my mom for her birthday and that was after the return window so no I am stuck with a brick!!!After 2 days of use, it got a YELLOW SCREEN that says EMERGENCY MODE!!! and you can not get rid of it no matter what you do. You have to remove the battery and wait  about 8 hours for it to reboot normally. (this is an acknowledged bug, but LG is doing nothing about it.After sorting the YELLOW SCREEN ISSUE, now it got locked in Headphone mode, so you can only use it with headphones or in speaker mode.A total DISASTER, I wish I had read reviews like this one before buying.

decepo, a caixa chegou vazia, nao tinha o celular dentro.como posso comentar o aparelho se no tive oprotunidade de ve-loacreditem a caixa chegou vazia. brincadeira de mau gosto

We ordered and returned 2 LG P350 Optimus Me Android unlocked cell phones.The screen is so small 2.8 inches diagonal!! Smaller than my visa card HAHAHA!We got the box and I thought there was a mistake.The box alone was the size of a bar of soap (a small one at that).I opened the box to reveal a phone screen the size of a flip phone.I cant believe it!!Yes, although the price is amazing, you are only going to be able to use it as a phone.However if you are going to text (or anything) you better have the smallest fingers ever.Fingernails will not work as the screen is set to work with only skin contact.I'm not sure why anyone would deal with this size screen.I've come to the realization that we will never find a good phone with wifi and speed for under $200.00!Please save your time and money please.This phone is for baby fingers and eyes only!What a waste of time.HAPPY PHONE FINDING!!

I bought this phone for the price, but many times frezees and goes slow, but if you dont care about this, you can buy this phone, not bad, if you use for web surffing or small app.

This may not be the fastest or the "Smartest" of phones but for the price its a great combination of everything. Its not bulky. I dont feel like im holding a book up to my head when im talking. The speakerphone works great. Text messaging is alot easier if you download Thick Buttons app from the market for free.Over all for toughness its survived some pretty hard falls and still has not broken.The battery life with just wifi on and a few programs running is good. It will last all day and part way into the next.Only thing i wish it had was a fold out or pull out QWERTY keyboard. But with the mentioned App it is so much easier for me to type.

This is the second time I have purchased a phone like this for 2 different people and they both love it.

It's a good for the price offered. It was a gift and the friend likes the phone though most of the apps are not being exploited.

Is the best price-quality phone with android.. excellente, screen is very soft, little but for that price is logic.Es el mejor telefono android con la relacion precio calidad. Me ha salido excelente en a&ntilde;o y 3 meses, vino con sus accesorios y pues la pantalla super suave, es un poco peque&ntilde;a pero el el tambien es peque&ntilde;o y por el precio vale la pena. I quieres un telefono mas grande o mejor entonces paga mas.

We like the phone but looks like we may need to return it.  Biggest issue is texting.  We live outside of a cell service area and need to be able to text via wifi.  We cannot get this phone to text at all via wifi, and it sends blank texts when we're on the t mobile network.  So we don't understand the problem.  We're trying to replace a blackberry which does everything just fine via wifi. This phone seemed to be set up for Great Britain.

Slow and outdated now. But I still have it and it is working as a spare phone. A sturdy good one.

I bought the LG P350 Optimus Me with Android OS for my son as Christmas gift to him and he likes it. for his communication and immediate e-mail for his studies as reference.

It came in the allotted time and works well.  I'm satisfied, I had to ship it to another country, but I haven't heard any complaints!

Excelente telefono, funciona tal cual como lo describen.. trae varios idiomas incluyendo el espa&ntilde;ol.en Venezuela funciona con las tres operadoras ( movilnet,movostar,digitel )

es el celular inteligente perfecto, tiene todo!! muy facil de programar.. era una obsequio para mi hijo de 12 a&ntilde;os y esta feliz... lo recomiendo simpre!! y si es desbloquedo!!!!!!!
