
The unit looks slim, and fine.  Actual use with it texting as dificult and two days after purchase the letter &#34;m&#34; fell off the keypad and was never found.  Very frustrated because I specifically bought this phone to text.  Disappointed at the &#34;cheap&#34; construction and lettering.

This is the best phone for BIG TEXTERS. This is also a good phone for young teens. The Pantech company did it this time, with a good phone.

I love this phone I tend to be hard on touch screens and this is the best for me. I like it for so many reasons, texting is easier and calls are too.

Just makes phone calls. The battery lasts forever. I bought it to use as a business line. I can leave it sit at my desk for several days and it hardly loses any battery. Calls sound good, gets good reception on AT&T. I haven't had an problems with it.

I love this phone especially for texting.  It is great and locks automatically when I am done using it, which I like.  There was a problem with the battery wearing down very quickly - I had to charge it very other day.  I wrote to m&mWorks from whom I purchased it through Amazon and they sent me another one free of charge and didn't require me to return the battery I had.  I really appreciated them doing that for me.  All in all, it's been a great phone.  I only use it for calls and text at this time - not email.  I love it.

Love the phone: good buttons, good call quality, conversation thread for texts, etc.The one bad part is the phone starts to lag if your inbox becomes full. Keep the inbox clean, and you are all set.

I bought this phone back in April, since then no real problems.  It was a used phone but came in mint condition.  The only con is the battery discharges quickly when I am on a call.  I bought a new battery which increased the life a little but still drains fast when on calls.  Also, you have to be careful not to have it too close to your face or else your voice gets muffled.  Sometimes it fails to send texts but I think that is the area I am in not the phone.  AT&T informed me that if there is road work going on close by (which there is in my area), it will interfere with signals.  Other than that, its easy to use  very slim and sturdy, slides into pockets easily.  The keyboard locks so not to worry about it making &#34;butt' calls.  I've been happy with it but now looking for a phone with a larger keyboard.  Great for a person who texts a lot but doesn't want anything hi tech.

The phone I have is one that was made for the AT&T; Go prepaid network but works fine with my full service AT&T; SIM. Obtained the phone as a stop-gap until my more full featured smartphone is ready. So I have been using this phone for a few days and my initial impressions are that good. Some odd quirks when performing text entry that are outweighed by the convenience of having a QWERTY keyboard (with a .com key! Nice!). The web browser is very basic and loading Opera web browser from Opera.com is stymied by the phones need to alert/ask permission from you incessantly everytime there is data access from the Opera browser app. The phone really seems to shine with it's support of the various webmail providers (AOL, AIM, GMAIL, Hotmail/Windows Live, Yahoo). On the Instant Messaging front the Pantech supports AIM, Microsoft Messenger, and Yahoo Messenger. I tried the Microsoft Messenger but kept getting "check your Network Connection settings" which looked fine.In the brief time I have used it, I found the phone capable and even a bit fun!

Upon receiving this item, I thought everything was working okay, until I tried to use the camera. It didnt work. I wanted to put all of my music from my previous phone onto this one, so I purchased a micro SD card. When I attempted to install the Micro SD, I discovered that this is a used phone. The prongs to hold the SD inside the phone are broken like someone shoved something in the Micro SD slot. Because I just discovered this, I am outside of the 30 day return policy and appear to be stuck with this piece of crap. DO NOT order from the same place I ordered it!

I have been really happy with this cell phone because it is easy to use. I was able to set up speed dial very quickly and learned it functions with little instructions.The pictures are very nice, I was suprised at the quality.

I bought this for my mom and she did not like it. She used a blackberry for years and when she started using this she didnt like the keyboard.  i thought it was a great little cheep phone.

keys are orange not blue like the picture, other than that the phone works okay for my needs, talking and texting

Update 9-25-12: I ordered two of these at different times. They sent both of them with orange keys and not the blue keys pictured. The ones with blue keys were priced higher on Amazon but the same phone. I could have got a better price if I wanted the orange keys. The camera works fine. It's easy to text with. I just got the 2nd phone.Had the 1st phone for three weeks. The phone freezes after receiving three text messages and displays "inbox full - auto deleting messages". Have to remove the battery to get the phone work each time. The messages do not "auto-delete" either. I have to delete them myself after I put the battery back in. I may have to return it. I'll update this after we use the second phone awhile and/or after we return the first phone..........9-5-12: This phone is usually listed as a "smart phone". Usually smart phones require an internet plan. I called AT&T; and asked about this. They said it is a smart phone but AT&T; does not consider it a smart phone because it does not have an advanced operating system like the Android or I-Phone operating systems. If you're looking for a good phone to text and talk without having to pay for an internet plan this one looks good and it's about half the price of the newer "Link II" version with little difference in the features. I took one star off the rating because of the freezing problem plus the sound quality is somewhat "poor but passable" like 9 out of 10 other cell phones.

Bought this phone off Amazon for my husband. The phone was probably okay, but the battery was junk from the start. It wouldn't hold a charge. Guess I'll think twice about ordering electronics off Amazon.

Arrived exactly as advertised, unlocked and clearly brand new.  It was easy to put in my old SIM card.  There is no touch screen here; it is all buttons.  This may be a plus for some who are sick of their constantly desensitized touch screens, or a minus for those who like to swoosh their finger across the screen.  It has everything needed here and is easy to operate.  Keyboard is small and can really only be used by one hand.  Unbeatable price.

Got this phone to replace one that my son left outside in the rain. He is no longer using it at the moment but...It worked great while he was using it.

With all my other phones I could not wait until my two years were up and I could get a new phone. Well I had the Link for 3.5 years before I realized I should be close to my two year mark. My wife went through two phones and it never occurred to me that I should get a new one because I enjoyed this one. Another 6 months later and I picked out another Pantech phone. A touch screen, newer, "modern" yada yada... Now less than three months with the new phone and I am here to order the Pantech P7040 Link again. It does so much more than you think and it so easy to operate. Best of all NO touch screen. It has all the navigational shortcuts you will need. You just have to learn how to set them without a touch screen to assist you. Remember buttons are your friend.Bottom two lines:If you want a phone that will make clear calls, text quickly, has a useful calendar and shortcut functions, and has useful organizational functions then this is a great choice. If you want to impress people or spend your family time on Twitter and Facebook then this is the opposite of what you want.Peace.

I bought for temporary use and it works well. I would recommend it others if they do not want to spend much money on a phone.

Great easy to use phone !!!, Easy to change between my old phone to this one, it works great with my old SIM card and sisnt need to go in or call AT&T to make the change.

worth it for the price.  works good but is just not intuitive to get around in the menus.  internet connection is slow

Got this phone as a free temporary replacement from ATT.  You know what they say, you get what you pay for.  The phone is not well thought out at all, the # keys are hard to dial as they are so small... the volume keys are on the side of the phone and are activated in the pocket when you're moving about, making the phone ring needlessly without any real incoming call.  Battery life is horrible, seems like I can't talk for more than 1 hour, and if you have speaker on, forget it.  Bluetooth doesn't pair with a 2013 car, asks 3 times ever 10 seconds to keep pairing it.  Menus are not intuitive, and simple tasks take longer than necessary.  Camera is 1.3MP, seriously?  It's 2012, that's what phones had 7 years ago.  I understand this is a free or really cheap phone, but it's not worth the hassle, spend a little extra and get a phone that won't drive you nuts.

The phone often freezes if you have too many messages in your inbox. Otherwise, it is a very good phone and I highly recommend it. Just be sure to delete messages if you no longer need to store them on your phone. The camera is a very good feature and takes crisp photos. A transfer cable interface would have been nice but for the money you pay for this phone, it is definitely worth it. I'm not going to complain.

I have had trouble finding a phone that is compatible with my cell service and I had hoped this one would work; but it did not, that's the only problem I had, otherwise it was a great phone.

1.Components missing2.Its used phone and not refubrished3.Missing battery and not initially advertised. I cant order a phone without a battery.4.Wrong charger5.Poor packeging6.After buying a new battery and charger, the phone is not working either.7. Wanted to use the phone while in Europe and this unfortunate forced me to buy a differentone instead. I shop at Amazon, this one has been a terrible experience.8.I would not like to deal with this dealer again and neither would I advise anyone. SadlyI will be leaving within 24 hrs. Wasted money on phone,had to buy new battery and charger.Time is not on my side to take any other action, but would appeal to the trader to besincere and advertise all the information before customers purchase anything.

Overall, the Link is a reliable and handy little phone with a high quality screen and many features. It is rather slim, and fits conveniently in any small purse or pocket. However, it does have a couple of drawbacks. The first (which I have come to get used to) is the relatively cramped qwerty keyboard. At just over 2 inches wide, there is little room for a full keyboard, however, the Link combats this using tapered and raised keys making the problem less obvious. Additionally, after just a week, I am typing with ease.The other issue that I have run into is the small amount of memory for messages. I have to empty my inbox about every other day in order to keep my phone from freezing up. Which I really don't have a problem with, other than its slight inconvenience.But overall, this is a great little phone.

I hate this phone.  My LG with ATT died before its time, no replacement through ATT without paying through the nose.  I only wanted a good basic phone, good texting, easy to use, nothing fancy.  This one was terrible.  There are some very simple features that it lacks and I am NOT a feature-centric person with my phones.  I have the Kindle Fire, which I use with my ATT data plan.  I did not want a smart phone.An example of one of the many features that it doesn't have is this:  The alarm system, so simple, right?  I've never had a phone with such limitations on its alarm feature.  You can set an alarm for &#34;once&#34; &#34;M-F&#34; &#34;F-Su&#34; or EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK!  You cannot pick specific days for a particular alarm. I work M, We, Th, and get up at 4:00 a.m.  I do not want to have to turn the alarm off and on every stinking day.  And I sure as hell don't want to get up at 4 a.m. on the days that I don't work!  This alone made this phone a dud.  I was going to just suck it up and keep the phone until I could get another decent phone from ATT but the port was bad on this phone and I returned it just in the nick of time.  I replaced it with the ZTE Z431 Unlocked GSM Phone and I am VERY happy with it.If you offered this phone to me for free with free replacements at any time, I would decline the offer, Terrible phone.

The Pantech link 7040 is a great looking phone for calls and texting. You dont need a data plan but it has many features. It has a calender to put appointments into, an alarm clock, camera and more. Its a simple phone for people who use it just for texts and calls.

WE HAVE 4 0F THESE. 3 ARE NEW PURCHASED AND 3 ARE OLD. CHOSE THOSE THESE BECAUSE OF SERVICE FROM OLD ONES

It's getting more difficult to find a good non-smart phone, but the Pantech P7090 is a pretty good choice. It is thin, lightweight, fits nicely in your hand, and is great for texting. Most of my kids have this model, or its sibling, the Pantech Link II, and really like them. The Pantech Link II is a little nicer because it uses a standard micro-USB cord for charging; but this one (with a proprietary charger) is more readily available. I would give the P7090 five stars if it weren't for the charger inconvenience. As far as reliability goes, five of my kids have had this phone (or the Link II) for between one and six months, and no one has mentioned any problems.

Works well for a teen that does not need to have internet access on their phone.So far no technical issues.

I bought this item because it claimedto be unlocked. that is not the case. unless you want a plan with at&t DO NOT PURCHASE this.

light weight, and like the feeling of actual keyboard. great for backup phone or phone for teenager who text constantly.

my 12 year old daughter loves it.  does what she needs and has really good batter life.  The camera does tend to take fuzy pictures but nothing is perfect and for a 12 year old it is just right

I don't use my mobile enough to warrant a smart iPhone or better.  I had this phone before.  It had a nice weight toit.  Felt solid, had a Blackberry like Qwerty keyboard that is so easy to use.  It filled the bill.  Still does, although this one is plastic and feels a little flimsier, where the first was a solid metal phone.  Oh well.  Still easy to use, same size, nice keyboard, and everything the same.  If you just want a text and call phone for occasional use, I highly recommend this one.  It has access to the internet and your email, but it has never, ever let me get on.  I stopped trying.  For me, not a problem.  I can wait till I get home to get on my MacBook Pro.

I wanted to get away from Straight Talk's lack of decent phones and looked into AT&T;'s selection. Without wanting to pay for an extra data plan and looking for an insanely expensive phone I settle on this one. I am very please with it. I tend to drop my phone A LOT and this one has outlasted many before it with no adverse effects on it. It has also withstood being dropped in a puddle or two.I like the graphics and the call quality seems to be pretty good.The only thing I don't like is that there is no shortcut key to take you directly to your text conversations - you have to dig into the menu and go that route for them. It doesn't sound like much but I text more than I talk and it would be nice to have that option.

I have had this phone since 2010 and in that time it hasn't dropped a call and the call quality is amazingly clear. It's so easy to text and the picture quality isn't that bad either. The back of the phone is textured so it doesn't show fingerprints or scratches. This phone is slim and fits in your pocket easily. The menu is easy to navigate and the web while only 3G, isn't as bad as you might think.  I really like this phone. The battery life has been terrific. I've used it a lot and I've used it very little. Either way the battery life was still great. I was thinking of switching to the AT&T Fusion but I am reluctant to give up this phone. Are there faster, higher end phones out there? Sure. This does what I want which is to text and make phone calls.

This is a great phone with good features.  Its small size is streamlined and easy to carry.  The keyboard layout and buttons are small, yet they are not awkward or prone to problems due to big thumbs.  Really enjoying this phone.

Reception is really poor compared to other phones I've used. The connection time is also very slow and sometime, even outgoing calls cannot connect in an area with full signal strength.  My 6 year old ATT phone has perfect connection and no difficulty connecting from my work, where I use my phone most often. Not recommended.

Great phone, still using it today. It connects to the internet when needed and makes and receives calls. No more I could ask for.

this phone is indestructible!! it will not break! recommended for kids or other people who are constantly breaking their phones!

: )))))))))  : ))))))))  ))))))  ))))))) ))))))))))))))  )))))) ))))))))))  came on time and works great lijdfwhi oiuruio3r i21r2r  2rour2y8r  2io2uuy4e2 24 8iir2ou4  oi2ruy o`e2uie4u2  2ioio2ueir u2

I've owned a Pantech Link for close to a year now.  I strongly recommend buying any other phone.  The main problem is this: my phone turns off randomly approximately 10 times a day.  I miss phone calls and text messages every day.  Sometimes it even turns off in the middle of a text message.  This is unrelated to the battery charge (which, by the way is slightly below average).  Another minor problem is the small amount of memory the phone has for text messages.  I don't know the exact number, but it seems like I have to delete all my messages after sending/receiving about 200-300 texts.  The battery life and memory space are minor frustrations, but the random power loss is incredibly annoying.  I really do hate this phone.

This is NOT a smart phone. But it's one of the smartest dumb phones I've ever used in my life. It's easy and convenient to use. Still has bloatware and some unprogrammable shortcuts that can mistakenly lead you onto the web if you're not careful. But overall, this phone is simple and get's the job done.If all you need is texting and calling then this phone is PERFECT. Its has a nice calender too, which is always a plus.If you want more than calling and texting, then get a smart phone.

This phone has an excellent design, although it suffers from terrible viewing angles for the display. This phone works well and has a useable interface. It is definitely not a Blackberry but for the price there is nothing better. Typing in phone numbers can be a bit a little difficult with the qwerty keyboard. All a good buy.

I ordered this on the 8th of August, and I was very surprised to find it in my mailbox today on the 12th!! I'm so pleased with it. I had one exactly like this one, but it suffered a tragic fate (it got drowned), and had bought one that I thought was similar to it, but was nothing like it, so I was more than  happy to find this one on Amazon! Thanks again!!

Solid little phone ...is probably my favorite no-thrills phone of those I've owned..not too useful for internet access though..tiny-tiny screen ..and forget navigating the web. But ...for calls, texting, and easy slip in and out of a back pocket (yes I'm a guy) ...phone is clear with a pretty good speaker phone too.

I have had nothing but problems with this phone. For no apparent reason it will randomly not register my sim card and so I miss all calls and messages during that time. You have to reseat the sim to get it working again. Then the microphone keeps going out, right in the middle of my calls it will just die. Memory for text messages is terrible and if you send pictures be prepared for even less. It also has a tendency to shut itself off. I purchased this phone new so I was not prepared for these types of problems.

This is a great dumbphone for calls and texting, which is what my kids use most.It is very light, has a full keyboard and the battery lasts a long time.For the price, it is a great bargain.

This phone worked great right out of the box with my sim card.  I love it.  I would recommend it to everyone.

But reliable, cheap and easy...just what I need send and end...easy text...recommended for those who don't want/need anything too fancy.

AWESOME. Cheap and good quality for the price. I'm looking to save money, so it was important that I didn't have a Smart phone because with my phone provider I would be charged another $15 to have a data plan. Right now I just have unlimited internet which functions just like data.

Works great.  Bought to replace my wife's phone that got wet.  No issues.  Just like new.  Nice little phone. Get one.

This was a gift for my wife who didn't want all the expense of paying for internet data on an I-phone.  But, she did want something that would make texting a lot easier.  This phone fit the bill perfectly.  Sound on it is great, even on the speakerphone.  It doesn't drop calls, and the battery seems to last a long time.  Texting is a breeze and it seems to be laid out very logically.  My wife loves it!  She says it's just the right size....not too heavy or bulky.  I'd recommend it for sure.

The phone was in great shape. The packaging was really good. I would recommend this product to my friends and family.

I have had this phone for years and I love it. I did not want a smart phone so I wanted to get another phone just like this one in case my phone went bad. To me this is a smart/dumb phone.. I bought one refurbished from Cellular Kingdom and it was like new. Came with new battery and charger. I loved it so much but they did not have anymore.So I found another one on E-Bay..  Bad idea.. The phone had a chip in it and the battery would not hold a charge. I put my battery in it and still would not hold a charge so I am thinking the phone is bad.. Can that be? I thought only the battery could go bad. Can the phone be bad too? Does anybody know? Thanks for any help.

True Story:Last year I went on 'Superman: The Ride' at Six Flags Great Adventure in New Jersey.  There are big signs posted everywhere warning riders not to have any loose objects (money, wallets, phones) in their pockets.  I thought I was smarter, and I put my phone into the back pocket of my clothing.  I assumed that once I was seated on the ride my posterior would naturally protect the phone from taking a leap and it'd be safe.I boarded the ride, secure in the knowledge that my phone was snug as a bug in a rug.  The chairs moved so that instead of sitting upright I was &#34;soaring&#34; like Superman, with my arms outstretched in front of me.  What a trip!I got off the ride and reached for my phone...which wasn't there. I guess when the seats shifted positions my tush  no longer provided a barrier to the phone from taking a flying leap - which it did - as it obeyed the laws of gravity.I went to the Lost and Found and filled out a claim form, assuming that the phone was lost.Three days later I got a call from the Security desk that they found my phone and I could come and claim it.Elated, I made the trip to the park and got on line behind three other people with similar stories.  Each of them were presented their phones, in various states of disrepair.  Cracked displays, broken batteries - the phones were a mess.  Not expecting much, I produced my ID and waited for the phone.I looked at it in disbelief, turning it over and over in my hands.My phone was PERFECT, with nary a crack or dent in sight.  It was in 100% working condition, without ANY discernible damage, either interior or exterior.Much like the duracell, nothing outlasts this phone!

They gave me a Fruit & No-Nut Bar instead of give me the phone. You guys shouldn't buy this product and I'm going to return this.
