
this phone is in great condition... ilove it. I had bought an mirror protector for this phone and i looks so wonderful thank you! All i need is a sim card!

I had this phone before and love it.  So glad I was able to find another one because I didn't want any other phone.

Had this phone for 2 months now.  I got this phone because my Incredible 2 phone broke and I needed a phone in the interim.  It came in brand new packaging, never opened, but it didn't take long for me to wish my old phone was working again.  The home and back key buttons squeak all the time, which is annoying.  The battery does not hold its charge for more than a few hours.  The phone has a slight second-long delay whenever you open an app or perform any functions to the phone.  The camera does not focus at all, yet it takes fairly good outdoor shots.  The camera has frozen a couple of times forcing me to shut my phone off and restart it.  I just think that since this phone is an older model, it's efficiency wore out of its battery and performance while sitting in the box to be sold.  So overall, I am disappointed in it and I wouldn't recommend this phone.

Samsung may make good products but this isn't one of them. I'm on my second (a replacement) and they both exhibit the same problems;Taking screen shots on it's ownDialing phone numbers on it's ownDeciding to turn off internet access, requiring a restart to get it back.Turning itself off after taking photographsBattery lasting half a day (battery will last 3/4 day on the 2nd phone)It will last only an hour if you're using GPS or mapping apps.Lousy audio on speaker phoneDeleting my contact list (twice, once with each phone)I hope Samsung's other phones are better.

Got it new in the box as advertised in a timely manner.  Exactly what I was expecting.  I charged the battery, brought it into the Verizon store, and they provided me with a SIM card and service.  GREAT experience!  I currently have unlimited data and this transaction did not alter my current plan or cost any extra money.  The Verizon store simply swapped out my old phone for this one.  The whole thing took about 10 minutes.

I like how big the phone is but its very light and....toy feeling. Sometimes I have noticed the loud sqweeking noise when I make calls(ignored others warning) and then the call gets dropped. Photo camera is crappy but I do have to say battery life is a plus! Service is so-so. Overall its alright works for now but I would have got something diffrent if I knew it was going to be like this

I have a Samsung Droid Charge from before. I broke the screen on it by dropping it on the street. It would have cost me 160 bucks to send it to Samsung to get a screen replacement and be without a phone during that time. For less than that (about a 100 bucks) I was able to get this phone and just transfer the 4G card and my data over.

The phone is so slow and freezes all the time . I have to remove the batter and average of 2times a day . It sucks . Im dissapointed .

Phone works well. No problems.  Everything was as described. I was wary about getting a phone on-line because I didn't want to go back to a 2 year contract. Would definately do it again, glad I did it.

I love my phone and the company that sent it to me is awesome! I received the phone early and ifbi had any question the shipper was more then happy to answer!! THANKS AGAIN

I just purchased my second Droid from this company.  Great service both times and the phones were both in great shape. No contract phones is the way to go... it's nice not to be obligated to Verizon for two years.

its an ok phone... does the job.. I cant complain to much, I am actually content with it and its not slow but not fast at all, the only thing I have to say bad about it is the size but that's just a personal issue I have with it

Its a nice phone. However, it was incredibly slow. It would take me about 30 minutes to make a phone call. I switched back to my old phone and sent my husband that phone. It really was not a big issue. This company was great about getting it to me on time. Maybe the phone was just a little too outdated for my sim card.

Cannot watch videos, battery dies VERY fast, 4G, that is laughable!  Doesn't connect to anything. I  would LOVE to throw this phone out of my car window,  going 90 mph.  Biggest waste and piece of crap, ever!!!!!  If I DO get connected, it is momentarily!  Facebook won't even launch anymore.  VERY frustrating, and my carrier, Verizon, won't even  &#34;allow&#34; me to upgrade without a fee.  I am seriously considering changing carriers, not to mention &#34;smart phones&#34;!

The price was good and the product arrived fairly quickly!  I needed a phone to get me to the end of my contract so I could get an upgrade and this worked perfectly.  Now I have a back up phone if I have any issues in the future.

I hate this phone.  HATE.  Unfortunately, I'm stuck with it until I'm eligible for an upgrade.  It just gets stuck on everything all the time.  It takes like 2 minutes just to pull up the camera and take a picture.  I try and use the productivity apps, but they're useless (unless I want to spend my day staring at the screen, waiting for the app to open).  Also, the horrible part is that Verizon offers ZERO support for it anymore.  There have been no OTA updates.  I'm still running 2.2 for goodness' sake!  I have regretting buying it since within the first month of getting it.  HATE.

I really hate this phone.  I have had two different ones and they both suck.  Let me tell you this phone lags a lot, keeps disconnecting your 4G LTE, and shuts off randomly.  It is so frustrating, and with its lag, it takes me forever to takes or call someone.  The only good thing about this phone is that it is sturdy.  Everytime I get frustrated and bash this thing on the table or any wall i can find, it never seems to break.  I need a new phone fast!  I hate samsung!

The phone works well and came as new. However, the battery discharges extremely quick, sometimes powering down when, only a few moments earlier, it read a 50% charge! I contacted the seller about this and he gave a curt reply asking if I wanted a new battery. My response of, &#34;yes, hopefully that is the issue and a new battery will resolve this.&#34; never recieved a reply. Ultimately, I am forced to take the phone to my verizon store and possibly pay out of pocket for repairs or a new battery, depending on what they concur is the issue. All in all, this phone from this seller is NOT a good deal considering the added costs that came with it...buyer beware!

The phone was new as expected but ever since i got it all it wants to do is update. I had four system updates in one day and still get them almost daily which is kind of irritating

This phone is one of the most durable phones I have ever owned. This phone receives severe abuse on a daily basis and it takes it like a champ. Every day this phone will freeze up, randomly reset itself, or just piss me off and I beat the hell out of it. I have thrown it against walls, smashed it on the ground and slammed it numerous times on my steering wheel and I just can not seem to break it. This product receives one star because it is advertised as a phone instead of a mobile piss me off device. If this is everything you are looking for in a phone then this is the phone for you!

The Samsung Droid Charge works for everything. Even though it is an older phone this phone does not miss a beat. Its 4G and is fast.

It is difficult to use the keyboard for password when retreiving voicemail or responding to alphamate when paging. Keyboard disappears.

We bought this as a replacement phone.Worked perfect. No problems at all.Verizon was able to transfer all data from old phone onto this new one. No issues!

I just bought this phone for my daughter 5 months ago.  The phone keeps overheating and you cannot see anything on the screen.  I also bought a phone case to protect it in case it was dropped.To my disappointment, this phone is junk!!! How can anyone buy a phone for this price and with the first 6 months it stops working.

I purchased this phone shortly after it's release in early 2011 and it is one of the first 4G phones on the market. I still use this phone as my primary cell phone and it runs and functions just as it did new. It is a very good phone. I still have the Verizon unlimited data plan with this phone and will most likely keep it until it dies or some new unresistible technology releases on new models.That has not happened yet?The sd card slot for extra memory, the HDMI Out port, the mobile hot spot, the generally better battery life over most of the competition (at the time) and the 4.3 Super Ameloid Screen were all deal breakers that beat out the competion including Iphone 4. It uses the Android 2.3 Gingerbread operating system which is very capable and efficient (but at times is a little buggy and will require an extra reboot from time to time). The only real drawback to this phone is like all in it's generation the battery life sucks for moderate to heavy use or when you are streaming music or have the hotspot function turned on. Keep an extra spare battery or two on you or buy the larger extended batteries to use when you are out and about and regualarly recharge it with the electric wall charger when not using it and you'll be ok.For it's current price now (Feb. 2014) it a great buy for a smart phone if you don't want to spend an arm and a leg for one of the newer models like the Samsung Galaxy S3 or S4 or the Notes models which are great improvements and newer but not exceptionally better and even though a few new features were added are lacking a few popular features that Charge has. The Samsung Charge set the new standard for 4G phones.

I was not eligible for an upgrade for several months but needed a new smart phone. This phone was a good price and works really well. I play games on it all day and the battery still lasts. The camera works pretty good and the internet also works well on this phone. I would recommend this for anyone looking for a basic smartphone.

I needed to replace my phone because it kept crashing. I only paid $60 for this one so I can't complain. I have to delete cache, restart, and/or take out the battery and put it back at least once a day because it freezes or becomes unbearably slow. If it weren't for that I would have no issues.

I've been looking forward to this phone for a while.  VZ has a nice selection of 4g LTE phones and this is the best one available in my opinion.  I charge it every night and the battery lasts me for the rest of the day even when using it pretty frequently and when on 4g all day long. It's got a beautiful large screen and 4g is really fast. No phone is perfect but I don't have many complaints with this one.  The OS is fast and responsive and screen works great with swype.  Camera is very good too. We liked it so much, we got a 2nd samsung charge for my son.[...]

drains the battery and wont brake. After having this phone for a few months you will be hoping for the screen to brake.

The phone was in great shape and was easy to activate. I received it earlier than what was originally gave to me so that was great. I have had no problems with the phone itself. The reason why I only gave 4 stars is because the charger does not work unless I have the phone turned off. That is the only way it will charge 100 percent. Otherwise, the phone is great and works good. I will do business again with the company as well as Amazon.

I am so happy with this phone. Hardly ever drops a call. Long battery lifetime. Quick to surf on the internet. Good for games too.

i use it its a good phone the battery life isn't that great but i just may need to replace it but its a great phone

I rated five star to Ross Cellular and highly recommend it to anyone who wants to order anything from them cause a customer service and satisfaction is their high priority.

This phone is great! I had had about 3 of them. (I'm horrible about getting mad and throwing my phone.) This one fell in the toilet! :( Its a great phone, it has a few glitches, but compared to other phones I've had its great.

Yes for the price it does the job. Not good for much but calling and texting but it works for me

I bought this because I couldn't get a new Verizon phone without them trying to take my unlimited data away.  Came packaged as new.

This was a good phone and great price but I could not use it because it would not go on my service plan.

I had to buy extended battery for it. Awesome phone if it had more RAM! I don't advise buying this!

screen goes black upon connecting to call. This is not acceptable as the majority of places require you to:" if you want this; press#1if you want that, press#2since the screen is black, you do not have access to:1-see the name and number you are calling2-time elapsed3-speaker, which I use 99% of the time4-dial pad5-Bluetooth6-add call mute7- end call.You must remove the battery to end the call.end callThis has been from day one. I'm way too busy to monkey around, haggling over a product that was described as "refurbished". How do you refurbish a phone, and not make a call to see if it works? When they read this, I suppose they will offer to use more of my time by sending it back, with the risk it will get lost in the mail and I'll be out the purchase price on top of all the time off work dealing with with this.

I recieved my Samsung Droid Charge smartphone and had it activated at a Verizon store with no problem. There are a few wear and tear areas, but that was to be expected. This was a replacement phone for my Samsung Galaxy 3 that was stolen (and I had no phone insurance). I tried to go without a smart phone for a few weeks, but it was hard to do! I didn't have the funds for a new or a used Galaxy 3, so this was a great solution until my cell phone contract renews. My only issue so far with the phone is sometimes I hear a squawking/staticky noise where there is interference in bad coverage areas. Luckily that does not happen often and I have a warranty on the phone for 60 days.

This phone came relay fast and my son absolutely loves it. It came in good condition and works perfectly? It is his first android phone and he thinks this phone is amazing

I have this phone and HDMI out worked fine on an old HDTV running Netflix.I had to get it repaired by Samsung due to a cracked charging port.When it came back HDMI was gone.  They upgraded the OS from Android EP4 to 2.3.6 FP1 Gingerbread and HDMI port no longer works.They blamed it on Google, and offered no path to restore OS to original working level.I will never buy another Samsung product again.Also I would recommend that anyone buying an Android phone test the HDMI with their home TV setup and return the phone immediately if it does not work.  You should also refuse Android OS upgrades unless you are assured that they will not disable features in the phone.

Other than having to purchase a new battery for this phone right off the bat (it would drain down very fast) it's been pretty good. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a smart phone at a good price!

Its an alright phone. Some minor scratches and buffs. and it runs slow and freezes other than that its an alright phone i guess

I was kind of iffy about the whole buying a used phone, but when I got my my phone in the mail I was beyond pleased with the quality , and the phone in general. I would recommend buying this phone !

I never write reviews, but I had to on this one. This phone worked ok for about a week, then after that it started freezing up. It was times when I could not even turn it on. The batter life lasted every bit of 30 minutes to an hour. If you try to make a call, it freezes up and takes at minimum 1 to 2 minuted to even connect and realize I am trying to make a call. The text messaging does not work half the time. To top it off (which this is probably my fault, the phone has been discontinued for a long time after my trip to the verizon store.) When you take a pic, it will take an hour or so for the pic to show up in the gallery if at all. The condition of the phone was as described (this was the only reason for the one star.) I think the phone was poorly refurbished and programmed.

Glitches all day constantly rebooting itself. I had one of these when they were new and it was great. this one just has a bad processor. guess thats the chance with refurbished goods.

The Samsung Droid Charge has been nothing, but problems for me. The back light goes off while I'm talking on the phone and will not turn back on when I need to hang up. The speaker is so awful that no one can hear me. Verizon has sent me two other refurbished Droid Charges and I've had the same problems. Then they connected me with Samsung who offered to allow me to send them my phone while they work on trying to fix it and I would have it back in 4 weeks. Not very helpful. Terrible product. Terrible customer service.

I am very happy with the price, appearance and performance of this smartphone!  It's a really good way to go!

I bought this phone back in March.  It lasted up until last week of July.  I am under warranty, so I got a replacement phone at no extra charge.  That is the good part.  The bad part is that phone lasted 3 days before the phone had an error that would not let the phone turn on.  So, I ended up getting a replacement for that (still the same model phone) and that lasted a total of 6 days.  The next phone lasted a grand total of 5 days.  All the same model phone.  All with the same hardware malfunction.  The upside- I'm getting a Droid 4 by Motorola.  I don't like to badmouth companies, but that Droid Charge is garbage.  The Droid Company in itself is great.  That phone is their one and only failed experiment.  Droid and Android are still good phones.  Just one bad phone.  Do not judge the company off of the failures of their one flop of a product.  I highly recommend a Droid 4 or a Razr of some kind.  Do NOT get a Charge.  Thank you for taking the time to read this.

I have had no problems with this item and had it for 6 or 8 months.great service! Speedy deliver very happy with my punches

just what i wanted. Something for the kids to play on with no contract. Its pretty decent looking too, I almost took it for myself :) thank you

I can not download any app.. Because I do not have the play store or market place on the phone

The single most annoying piece of consumer electronic equipment I have ever owned. Random restarts, freeze-ups, and general bugginess. Have had my contacts wiped out twice for no apparent reason. Sometimes there's a 30-second delay between pressing the call button and the call actually starting. I got a replacement for it 1 year into my contract and the new phone has the same problems. Do yourself a favor and AVOID.

I DONT KNOW WHAT IT WAS ABOUT THIS PHONE BUT MY BILL WENT UP TO 400 DOLLARS AND I WENT TO THE VERIZON STORE TO SEE WHAT IT WAS DOING WRONG AND IT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THEM IT WAS THIS PHONE THE WAY IT WAS PROGRAM WHEN SENT TO ME.

Is a great phone! Just not 5 stars cuz it was rooted and I had all these problems with the root so I factory reset and all is well XD.Btw if any1 doesnt know, most phones will act funny if they're charging using extra devices, even some of the chargers that come with the phone. Get a motorolla charger and be done with it XP.

speedy delivery, great shape. just as advertised. Had to buy SIM and SD card separately, but I should have known that ahead of time.

I bought this phone brand new last June and it about 2 months it started acting up . It wouldnt type , i would have to literally sit there and press the keys til it worked . It would freeze and then shut off by itself . When i would try to dial a number it would go to the homescreen and just sit there and when i would dial it again , it would call and i the middle of the phone call it would call the same person back . My teacher has the same phone and has similar issues . I do not recommend this phone at all .

Received phone within the specified time, The product was as described and overall very Satisfied with product and service received. Thanks

Got as a replacement phone so works pretty well. Camera take excellent /nice pictures. Easy to use an adjust to. Overall great phone if trying 2 replace a phone. I would recommend

This is my second SS Charge and both have been great. The Charge is much better than my iPhone, with a better screen and 4G.

The phone has its ups and downs. The ups is it looks good and feels good, now the downs this phone lags so much that you have no choice but to get used to it, this happens almost all the time. It freezes also but not as much as it lags. THIS PHONE is soo annoying because after a while of using, since i use wifi and not 4G LTE, this phone will think that i have no internet connection for apps when i can have all 5 bars (or 4 or whatever it have) but the point is that i could have a strong signal but apps like youtube, google play, etc. will say NO CONNECTION. And the only way to fix it is to do a factory reset deleting everything which so painful. Also since the phone is old, some apps will not work or can be downloaded and god forbid you get a 3d game. it will lag to the point where you have to remove the battery or wait for it to reset itself. PLEASE save yourself from this phone dont get, and if you do be ready. The only reason i gave it three stars is because of the seller. This is the first time i have had a bad experience because usally i dont know why some people put bad reviews on some stuff that i dont have problems with , but THIS, THIS need a warning. Save up money for another or get a phone with a contract not this. i have a samsung facinate before this and that worked better than this and i say that because this phone the samsung droid charge came out 5 MONTHS after the facinate, so you would think it would do better than the facinate right, WRONG!!!!

Honestly, I was not impressed. I bought the Device for my Mother who is new to the Android Phone Scene. And found this to be simple enough for her to use but Not something I would buy again given the Choice.The device is somewhat confusing. I had to do research to figure out what version of Android is currently sitting on the device. It won't connect to the Home WiFi. Fond out later that is a known issue. And of Course Verizon won't push the Update because this is an older device.But it works well for my Mother and she is happy and not a geek like me. So there you have it.

The phone was just as it was stated in the description . Had no problens getting actived . Works perfectly .

I have had this phone since they first came out over 2 years ago. I was so excited. Unfortunately, I have had nothing but problems with this phone. I have dropped calls all the time. I called Verizon and they tried to fix problem. Was given 3 others as replacement and still have had the problem. I stopped calling with issues since it didn't seem to ever get better. It is very slow to pull up applications and is very frustrating most of the time. It has recently started restarting itself. I love all of the stuff it could potentially do, unfortunately, I get frustrated with it more often then not and try to use it as little as possible. I don't have a home phone so it is frustrating when you try to make a call and 10 minutes later it decides to dial. Good thing it has never been an emergency. I am just about done with my contract and can't wait to upgrade. Dragging my feet on the upgrade though since I am going to lose my unlimited data plan. Would not recommend. Should have stuck with Motorola!

I rated this phone 4 stars becuase as a used phone it operates like a new phone and better than the refurbished phones I received from Asurion Phone Insurance. I had to return 2 of them and on my way to returing 3. I would have given it 5 stars if the battery hadn't been scratchy and used looking as well as the back of the phone with minor scratches. I highly recommend purchasing this used phone anyday.

Replaced my wives slowly dying Driod Charge with this one, since she liked the phone so much after using it for a few years.  It came withe the 32gig memory card but no SIM.  We had the other one from the broken one so it all worked out well.

I paid 300 for this baby in August 2011.  Verizon salespeople kept telling me it was a nice choice.  I thought it was too.  Boy, I was wrong.This guy, after the first year, became slow as molasses.  My friend's iPhone zooms through the app folder, loads an app and starts updating his status whilst my Droid Charge still loads the app.  If you don't care about speed, something will definitely fail on you.  I had my SD card slot fail.  I can't take photos because the camera needs to store the picture on the SD card, nor can I use my phone as an extra flashdrive.  Verizon won't replace the phone, even when I have insurance on it.  What a joke.  I feel scammed.Screw Verizon and screw Samsung for making such a crap product.  You want to buy a phone?  Buy an iPhone.  They have the best resell value for a reason apparently.  I'll be switching soon...

Unfortunately, I made the mistake of buying this phone for my wife. It's been nothing but trouble. Apps crash all the time, the screen goes black every time she uses it and the voice quality is bad. I love Samsung's Nexus series and mistakenly assumed that that level of quality persisted through its entire catalog. Utter junk.

I've had my used android Samsung phone for about a month and it has many defects. In the morning when it is fully charged and if I have to work that day it will be close to dead by the time I go on lunch break on several occasions. Also while I'm texting someone I have to tap on the message bar a few times before I can actually type my message which is ridiculous in my opinion. Also I have to constantly remove my battery and refresh my phone so I can resumewhat I was doing previously, for instance while I'm playing a game (candy crush). Occasionally it would freeze on me and would shut itself off and I would need to wait a few seconds until I could resume the game. I'm not sure if the battery or the phone itself is defective but I will not get another used Samsung android in the future because this problem has been a big headache for me.

Got this phone a year and a half ago and its still going . Very tough bright screen and the only downside for me was the battery life

Wasn't at all what i expected. It said NO contract, but it WAS with a contract. So, I put it up for sale to get my money back.
