
I had to return this phone only because they would not work here if AFGHAN, Bagram i work internationally and everything here required a sims card so this product did not work in my favor

This is a great phone for someone on a budget, like me, who can't afford a more expensive unit. There is limited space on this phone and not all apps can be moved to the sd card (like facebook) without tampering with the "computer stuff." But overall you can't beat not paying $300 for a phone and only a monthly bill of $50!

I bought this phone as a replacement phone for a friend who couldn't afford to replace his damaged one. The product was advertised as NEW, yet it arrived in a brown box with absolutely NO paperwork or owner's manual. The battery lasts about 2/3 of the time the old battery lasted from the broken phone. I doubt very much that this was a new phone, but the friend needed it ASAP, or I would have returned it.

I was not sure of getting this phone but once I got it I love it. Came with everything it said and had to ask the consumer about returns and was very helpful

I already owned my own. Paid $180 for it back in October of 2011 directly from Boost.Bought this for my gf. The cost was great .... $99 AND included the car charger and leather case, heck mine didn't even include all that stuff!I've had mine for 5 months and love it, so very much!P.S. I now have a 32gb microsd cause I kept running out of storage space on the phone.

Programming from Boost for this phone sucks. Would strongly recommend a different carrier.Service area also sucks. Does not work in a lot of areas even though serviced by CDMA net work.

I went in buying this phone knowing that it wasn't as high-end as the rest of the Android phones, it does what I need it to do, answer and make calls, I don't need all the bells and whistles

the cell works great but the back cover of the cell didnt fit and the charger didnt work iam unhappy with the buyer

So as a backstory before I got the Samsung Galaxy Prevail, I had been using a Blackberry 8520(released in 2009) on the Tmobile network. I only had unlimited texting and limited talk. This phone gave me a lot of trouble with getting onto Wifi networks and its keyboard was tempermental. There were moments where I'd have to open up the phone to clean out gravel and insert cotton balls so the optical touch interface would register. This phone put me through a lot but it held together. But still this was 2009 tech.  You don't realize how much new stuff you've missed out on till you get something like an Android. This was the frame of mind I was in when I went to buy this phone:I read the reviews I knew I wasn't getting a powerhouse. The phone's touch screen is responsive and I love that it vibrates when I click the keyboard. My fingers are normal sized and I thought I couldn't text well but then I realized I was using the "swype" keyboard and not the android keyboard with stuff like autocorrect.  The interface on this phone is easy to learn and it's intuitive, you won't feel out-classed by the phone. It's very manageable. Give yourself a good hour of playing around with it you'll get it.The call quality is perfect.The one thing I didn't like about the phone is its small screen size. I guess it could be a unforeseen outcome,this phone has been such a good introduction to Android phones that I'm already reading up on upgrading to a phone with a bigger screen and maybe a faster processor.  For anyone uncertain about Androids switching over from dumb-phones this phone will be an awesome introduction to the line of phones. It will help you realize if they really are for you or not.For a future college student I wanted a phone that I could download apps with and stay connected, with a plan I could personally handle. I love the Shrinkage plan as it not only encourages me to pay my bills on time but the Boostmobile plan is contract-free. So if I ever decide that I want to go to another network I will do so with relative ease.People complain about battery life. Please be nice to your phone as I said earlier, it's no powerhouse. Cut battery usage where you can whether it be through backlight or not having your Wifi receiver on all the time.I don't regret buying this phone at all it's design is easy on the eyes and it has a sleek finish.

The only problem I seem to have with this phone is the phone likes to turn off by itself on occasion.

I liked the phone. It is like my old G1. I was not aware that this phone is gonna be a "USED" one when I received it. I ordered a new one. There was no box, manual and accessories. The settting was in Spanish. The contacts were still in it. Wow! I just really needed the phone bad at that time because I'd be traveling. I was given a refund of $20.00 by the seller. I found out too that the battery is old. I just shook my head. Just have to wait for better Boostmobile phones in the future.

Had it about a year now, the SD card did go out which is annoying because we can't take pics. But for the most part it's been a solid strong phone. I love the GPS on it too, it's saved me alot of trouble. It was worth it, it's not the latest but it's a decent android phone that has brought us somewhat up to date in our technology. Worth the buy!

I got this phone for my mom who needed a major upgrade but without breaking her pocket. She loves her prevail. Great on all counts.

I had 1 b4 but i dropped it joggin & it was run ova by a car; wish i had bought a phone wit a bigger screen but the phone was labeled USED-VERY GOOD & it was AS THE SELLER STATED!!!

Shipment was fast got it two days early no damge to the phone what so ever package great the phone itself once you tweak it with new aps perfect only downside is like all other droids battery life it's not bad usual for droid just buy a second battery or keep your charger with you at work

The connection for wifi is better, the sound quality is better. It is sloooowwwwwww, but heck if my 3 year old needs a netflix connection half the time this one has one while my other phone doesn't!

BUT for the money i cant complain it fits perfect in your pocket its not to big like the galaxy its perfect if your not a mobile freak lol

I purcahsed this after reading the reviews.  I didnt want a contract phone and its a nice phone for the money. Fast shipping from seller but had a few isues with the service in my area.  The tower was down for months and I could only use this at work but not at home.  Tower is fixed now.  It does freeze up every now and then and Im not fond of not being able to delete the apps that came with the phone. I dont use most of them and cant store them on the card.  I only pay $35 month for my service since Ive had Boost for over 1 1/2 yrs and this was an upgrade from the Incognito.  I thought it broke because it wouldnt connect to facebook or make calls, turns out the tower was down.  Gave the Incognito to my friend and it works fine. Ohh well he got free phone

This is the best deal out there for this phone, other sites has it for around $140 but here It is for just $99. I am so happy with my purchase, the order only took 3 days! Great phone, brand new, plus car charger! I'll Totally recommend this to a friend!

I purchased the Samsung Galaxy Prevail for Boost Mobile thinking that I was getting a great deal on an Android smartphone, but I wasn't aware of how severely limited this device would be.I have no complaint about the service; for the price, Boost Mobile is a great service. The Samsung Galaxy Prevail, however, should not be sold on the market. It's that bad. The cell was advertised as Android 2.2, but little did I know that flash does not work on it. That's right, they purposely disabled flash (one of the biggest advantages of owning an Android over an iPhone).The phone itself is extremely buggy, and is constantly crashing resulting in a reset of the phone or just a power-off (which is extremely unfortunate when I'm waiting for people to call me and I don't realize my phone has shut itself off).The phone has very little internal memory, but, considering how little it has, it makes it impossible to use this phone as a smart phone. If you purchase this phone, you will not be able to download more than one or two apps. Period. I used the expansion slot to add 16 Gb of space, but it did me almost no good as most apps need to run off the phone. Apps that would be able to run off the memory stick I cannot download either, as the phone itself does not have enough space to allow download and transfer to the memory stick.Also, the phone is now experiencing a kind of drive failure that has disabled me from downloading or updating any apps on the phone. I am going to have to buy a new phone at this point.To summarize, if you are looking for a good smart phone then stay away from the Samsung Galaxy Prevail. If you just need something to work as a phone and don't really care about the smart phone features then stay away from the Samsung Galaxy Prevail. This phone makes Samsung look very bad.

wont turn on but what could i expected besides a used phone that actually worked! guess i was dreaming of well

The phone is alright,but it cuts off freezes a lot anyway it will do for, I'll be shopping for another phone in the future.

I want to thank Boost Mobile and Amazon for making this smart-phone available. I thought the only way I could get a smart-phone was to switch to a much more expensive carrier and go with a contract I couldn't afford. Thankfully, I was wrong. I've been using my Galaxy every day - unlimited phone calls, texting, emails, and internet - for less than $50/month. You can't beat that!

After doing some research, I thought that this phone along with a Boost plan would be a good first smart phone for me.  While I have had no problems with Boost's coverage (except while traveling across the country, but I expected that), I have had many problems with this phone.  They include:1) After I excitedly installed about 5 apps, it told me that the memory was full.  I thought that I could solve that problem by buying a larger memory card, but the card wasn't full at all, and I had transferred as much as I could to the card. I ended up deleting almost all of the apps to try to free up internal memory space, but I have perpetually had the "Phone storage space is getting low" notification since the second week that I bought the phone, no matter how much I have deleted.2) I thought that I could also free up storage space by deleting some of the bloatware that came with the phone that I never use, but it doesn't let me delete any of those programs.3) Periodically, the phone stops receiving text messages because it tells me that my text message memory is full.  I then delete all of my messages, and I still get that message.  It usually goes away about a day later, but I don't know which messages I've lost in the meantime.4) Periodically, the phone decides to stop receiving emails.  It acts like it is searching for them and then loads my Inbox as if I haven't gotten anything new in the last 12 hours.  Then, I log onto my computer and discover several new emails.  About a day later, it starts receiving them again, but when it says that I have no new emails then I can never be sure if it's right or not.My Boost plan is now down to $50 per month for unlimited everything, which is nice, but I think I'm going to switch plans soon so that I can get an Iphone. This Android just isn't worth it!

All my life I been using sub par cell phones that were garbage and could only get on facebook barely. Very late on the smart phone scene and all I can say is WOW.. Now I know what I been missing. This phone is great atleast for me. The 3g is great and I can log on to any website and stream almost any video. I wanted a smart phone at a good price with good plans, considering I been with boost for the shrinkage I pay 45 a month for everything! Only con that bothers me is the applications not being able to install on the sd card. I will try to see if there is a way around it. Remember if you are on boost service and upgrading to a droid you will pay 5 bucks more then normal. Bought from Shopcelldeals who supplied a case and car charger, buy from him the cheapest new.UPDATE: There is a app to move certain not all apps to the sd card. Just look in the market for app to sd.

I'm happy except for the battery. But i changed it.Really but it crashes sometimes and i need to rsstart.  But i like it still.

It's a simple smartphone. It has a really small memory and most apps can't me moved to the SD card, so you will only be able to have a small about of apps at a time, because there are several it comes with that it won't let you delete, even though they are crap and you'll never use them. That is a stupid and pointless feature that annoys me.

A refurbish phone can be great but one that does not work no matter how long you charge it, is a waste of money. The seller does list that it is refurbished and has some cosmetic blemishes, however, after two days and nights of charging it still does not work. If I ever do this again, I would rather pay the extra money and buy a new one. Fashionb4 is a rip off. Stay clear of that one.

i bought my phone from promocell and it was in mint condition even though it was refurbished. I will becomparing a lot to the iPhone and iPod touch feel1) the phone feels solid and is pretty lightweight. The touch screen is pretty responsive as it should be, only problem is that it takes a lot of practice and keyboard adjustment in settings to make it efficient. Camera on the phone is pretty bad and no flash, I believe only 2mp.2) battery life isn't that great but I've seen worse. I would invest in a car charger especially if using GPS or other apps that drain battery fast.3) this phone does not have flash and not flash capable. People that have used the iPhone know that is annoying. You can still watch YouTube on the phone app.4) don't expect this phone to have top of the line everything, it is the cheapest android phone for boostmobile. Overall for the price it is a good phone.5) last of all talking on the phone is clear. Boostmobile does use Sprint network so if you live in a city that's great, if you live in the boonies then you might have trouble with service. 3g internet isn't bad and also has no cap so don't worry about how much your downloading.

Great purchase. Better than I anticipated; item came quicker than I thought it would and was exactly how the seller described.  Only drawback that I have is that the phone case was too small and shouldn't even be included.  Otherwise, it is a great phone and I would definitely purchase from this seller in the future.

Had a bit of problems. the batterie stoped working and had to order a new phone. Is good for a while but is not what I thought.

This phone has been working great for me...love all the features that it has. Memory wise is great. Camara is good.

I had the Samsung Galaxy Prevail for about 3 months now. Even though that I knew that this was the lowest end of the smartphone android field, it's really not working for me.  I found the phone slow to respond to the screen touch feature. Most of the time I have to try several times in order to change the screen selections, specially between the different apps. Contacted the seller by email to either return the phone or exchange it, but I did not get a responseTo make matters worse, Boostmobile 3G data network (Sprint) or Boostmobile coverage network is almost not existent. I have no phone network reception in my neighborhood area 70% of the time and when I get lucky enough to be able to receive calls, they dropped within a few minutes. If someone calls me they get the voicemail most the of time and the phone never rings. Some of my work text messages come about 30 minutes late or up to an hour. Called Boostmobile customer service a few times to not avail. They cannot pinpoing why this is happening. My brother had the same service quality with Boostmobile, different phone, and he's already changing servicers.Definitely, personally in the neighborhood and my work area, Boostmobile is not a good bargain if I get to pay a cheaper unlimited calls, text and data service if does not work most of the time.I do not recommend either the phone or the Boostmobile service.  It may work for other people, but personally, I do not recommended.

My wife and I have had Sprint service for over 10 years.  Periodically I've also had Nextel separately as well.  We live in Chicagoland and call our area the 'triangle', (in reference to the Bermuda triangle) because even though Sprint's coverage map shows there to be excellent coverage in our area, it is notoriously bad.  Calls are dropped all the time and 2 bars of signal is considered a victory.  We often use our phones in our home and no bars is the standard, on the top floor, near the window.  We complained so much, Sprint sent us a free Airave that boosted the signal indoors to about 2 bars on a good day.  Admittedly, I only use my phone to make phone calls, but my wife wanted to be able to surf the net and such.  We wanted an unlimited data plan and Sprint's was much too expensive per month.  Finally we came across a special on this Galaxy Prevail that we couldn't pass up; although I was hesitant initially because Boost runs on Sprint's network.  I figured if we could barely receive a Sprint signal outright, how much worse would it be via a secondary carrier?  Additionally, cancelling Sprint would mean returning the Airave and that would make matters worse.  However, we decided to give it a shot, cancelled Sprint, and after researching various ways to boost a cell signal indoors, we decided to purchase one of the Z-Boost devices and antennae.  Ironically, the day we disconnected the Airave and prepared to send it back, an odd thing happened.  The signal on the Galaxy Prevail jumped to about 4 bars!  We consistently get 3-4 bars and sometimes even 5 indoors now with no aftermarket equipment.  It seems as though the quality of the phone allows for locating a better signal or something.  I  was very pleasantly surprised.  It's 3G so it's not very fast at surfing but for $55/mo unlimited talk, text and data; along with 'shrinkage' eventually lowering that to $40/mo, we'll take it!!

works great not much memory but I guess that's my fault for not checking before buying but great basic phone

If you can afford a better phone don't buy the prevail, lack of memory space, sometimes will not let you hang up the calls .

They cut off our phone service without warning or notice, and we couldn't use the phone. The reason was not given to us, and we will not use cellphones anymore. Do not trust these big corporations.I'm done with these phone companies. If I need to to contact someone I'll drive/walk to where I need. It's better exercise anyway. Oh and btw they cut our service out before our next monthly payment was due, and we were paid up. We were never late, and we never missed a payment. Trust them if you want to. Not me!Update- Yes they cut our service off completely while we were still payed up, and never missed a payment. WE went to boost mobile, and asked them why they cut us off, The only thing they said was we went over 5 Gigs? I don't know what that means, but if it means we were limited on how much we could use the internet then boy they caught us. So i guess if you use the internet over 5 gigs they will cut you off. I'm glad they don't control how much air we can breathe. So yea you get 3G wifi, but only 5 gigs. If I would have known this beforehand I wouldn't have bought it. This may not be a big deal for many people, but for us it is. The freedom to be able to use it as much, and when I wanted to was one of the main reasons for buying this product. So it's capped at 5 Gigs.[...]unlimited [&#652;n&#712;l&#618;m&#618;t&#618;d]adj1. without limits or bounds unlimited knowledge2. not restricted, limited, or qualified unlimited power

This was my 1st Android phone. I loved it. I have since bought 3 more Android phones since this one. But as for this one....it's a fantastic value. It does everything an Android phone should. I can't think of anything bad to say about it because for the price you get a lot.

I've had boost mobile for 4 years and when I saw they were going to have an android phone I got it right away and it worked GREAT, at least for the first few months. Then it started getting very glitchy. I would be talking on the phone and the screen wouldn't lock and I'd make phone calls while I was on the phone, it was very annoying.

I could tell it had been used, and the company did offer to have ME send it back and they would send another one. But that means I would be without a cell phone again for up to 2 weeks and have to reactivate another phone. I ony bought this because the one I previously bought was stolen while I was a worksource building doing job search. To much trouble, and this one costed more then the one that was stolen. That one was also purchased through the same company I think. I think I should get a partial refund of the cost of the difference of the 2 cells phones, I seriously doubt that will happen. I have to pay a extra 5  amonth for insurance, through boost but in the end I guess its better then buying a new one again, Vancouver WA is not a great place to live and the police over here wont even write a report about the crime.

not very user friendly. I got it wet and needed to buy another. I got a Kyocera Hydro, same price and it is such a more user frienldly phone. Very happy with it compared to the Samsung

I feel like in the Samsung Galaxy need to have better wallpaper options as far as making my picture the wallpaper it does not let me crop it is much as I want I can take the whole picture to places where I want it yeah um kinda disappointed as far as a side being able to do what I want with my pictures it takes great pictures but I just can't crop them and send them and things like that like you want to

I like my new phone its awesome I love my YouTube to watch this phone is the boomi recommendend this company for service and I received my phone faster then I expected

We got everything but the charger? Good phone works and all, but sounds like its anyones guess what will actually come in the box? Not predictable at all!

I had this phone for 4 months before the button at the top,which turns the screen on, went out on me! I couldnt get my money back before the 90 day warrenty from walmart, which comes with purchase of the phone, went out. So i was stuck with a really expensive phone that no longer worked. Same as my samsung replenish, that just went fully out on me this night, the same thing happened...the main button which turns the screen on went out on me, and there is no other way for the phone to be turned on. So be careful when buying these phones!

I have just gotten off the phone with Samsung advanced technical support. Again. This phone has never worked properly, won't take or send calls, and I've sent it in twice and was told the only thing they can do now is refurbish it which I declined. The inconvenience has been a colossal annoyance and I've asked for a refund. I wish I could say something better about the experience but I can't. Hugely frustrating and disappointing.

I just got my phone today, its on the charger getting all charged up BUT I DID NOT GET THE CAR CHARGER OR CASE!!! Hoping they correct this problem soon!!!!

This phone is a piece of garbage! I don't even know where to start. The guy at my local Boost store told me the phone has an internal Glitch where it tells the user that the memory is almost full, & it won't let you update apps. I have to reset the phone at least once a week! this means I have to reinstall the whole 2 apps I've downloaded. I hate this phone sooooo much, when I replace it, I'm gonna have a party and destroy it! Too bad that until I bought this phone I was a huge Samsung fan. Now I'm leery.

very displeased with phone voice dial is a joke what you speak and what it comes up with is almost humorous selflocks to fast and to many prossess to open every time it lock to quickly as for everything else shipping and what not was excellent

the first phone they sent me was locked, but the second phone was good. its a good smart phone, but the memory sucks balls.. over all its a good/nice phone.

Recieved the phone, it but was a bad ESN, so I was unable to use it and had to send back. Went out and bought a new one rather than waiting an extra 1-2 weeks for a replacement.

i have had this phone for more then a year.writing my review with this phone i purchased,i have paid bills online on it. watch youtube videos,go on facebook. overall its ok. but if you have wifi connected!! rarely get good signal.i always have to take the battery out,because it freezes alot and the internal memory is not good,even though i have a 12mb memory card in it also. it wont let my have all the app i want. it is my first android and next one will be positively more internal memory,i will make sure of it.other phones are better! thank u for reading this and keep your reviews coming,good day to u!

My husband and I live in same house hold and have same carrier(,Boost) but this specific phone did not allow me to make or recieve calls or text.  messages. The only way I was able to use the phone was from my own wifi at home.

I ordered the Prevail from Shopcelldeals on Monday,it arrived on Wednesday! super fast shipping.It was listed $98.99,which is $55.+ cheaper than if I bought it at a Boost Mobile store.It was factory sealed-Brand new.

I bought this phone for my daughter.  This phone met all of her expectations.  She has all the apps, music, games, and it was very easy to get activated.  Being a single mother on a budget, the price of the phone was, definitely, a relief on my wallet and the smile on my daughter's face was inmeasureable.  Thank you, much!

I bought this to replace my iphone. i have had boost mobile for years and years as a home phone and sprint as a work phone. sprint could not offer me a better deal than boost so i switched. at first i was concerned over such an inexpensive phone. however boost uses the sprint network and android does not charge a fee for every single app. this is a really nice phone that costs 1/6 of the iphone and half what an htc would have cost me. AND!!!! i have the reliability of samsung galaxy. cheers!!!!

The phone itself isn't bad. It's a little confusing at first, but you'll get the hang of it after messing around with it for a bit. The keypad is extremely hard. You can swipe over the letters, but it is still hard to type long texts. Also, the battery, even in airplane mode doesn't last a full day. I'm charging my phone twice a day with little to no use. I bought a new battery and it didn't make a difference. Also, the phone has little memory. I have downloaded 3 apps and it says my memories almost full. Other than those issues, I like the phone.

The prevail is a great starter android phone. Has everything you need. Uses a lot of battery, but all android phones do. Happy with my purchase.

The buyer's remorse quoted as from the title.  This is my first phone on Boost's network.  The network I was on was GSM, and didn't get even okay reception inside my house.  In a hope that a switch to a different signal band (CDMA) would be a better solution I bought this, and see that there's not. As the Daili Lama said, "when you lose don't lose the lesson" but frankly, man, that sucks.I got it yesterday and am feeling some regrets. Yes, I read up and heard the battery wasn't the best, but really?  Taken into account that I've been doing a lot with it (new phone can't help myself) the battery has been dissapointing.  I haven't made any phone calls, just a few texts, and about 30-45 min of gaming, and the battery is low.  (I have been using wifi but my old phone would never be depleted at 2:30p) Also, while my last phone-another android-took about two hours to charge, this one is taking forever. Definitely would've liked to known that before I got it. I guess this means I'll be charging overnight, which isn't my habit now, bc my sleep schedule changes alot and I also am a heavy phone user in bed.The selling point on this for me was it was gingerbread, decent sized, and had a good amount of internal memory over other basic androids.  The screen seems smaller than it could be with more black border than necessary- one of my previous phones was like that and I hated it-deduct a point. The keyboard is unforgiving in portrait for my thick fingers, and the screen sensitivity(or non-sensitivity) is cause for frustration.*Update:  I've now returned this phone for one reason: the internal memory.  The amount available to the user was little, but after all the app updates you aren't left with much for more than one game.

I have to say that this phone disappoints me. After installing two apps, it can't handle any more due to low memory. The phone is slow, possibly due to the spotty signal coverage in my area. However, the low cost of Boost Mobile service makes me tolerate it for now.

I like this phone but does not have enough internal storage even with added sd card. Most of my downloads will not allow you to move to sd card so that is my problem but other wise phone is good!

Im wantin the android galaxy bt the reviews im receivn has me thinkn twice abt my purchase..i wish the phone had more memory..nd the app that isnt used to be removed w no problem..i have an samsung seek.. nd im thkn twice b4 i purchase this phone...:-|

this has poor storage space and is difficult to maneuver.  I would have liked to keep my old carrier but could not do this. the local support people for boost are lousy and it was difficult to activate.  It really took me months to get used to this phone.  I would not purchase this again.  read the fine print!!

This was not worth the purchase, terrible phone.  Very dissatisfied with this product, it is slow and not worth the time.

Hello, for you all who have reservations on refurbished items, i must say that this was a great deal. I got the item in pretty much new conditions. It had been used because when i went to activate it the system said it had been activated in the past. However, it meets all quality standards. I would not think about it again. To buy my new phone, it will be refurbished.

freezes during calls, won't let you hang up 60% of the timeturns itself off at least 3 or 4 times a daylow storagekeyboard isn't well designed, very easy to hit the wrong keysetc

I couldn't ask anything more of this phone in terms of connectivity, how great Android is, and the functionality, but there is one big issue: there is just about zero internal storage, which means you run out of room when downloading apps and then...you're done. My wife bought the Transform, and it literally has something like 100x the storage. I don't get it.And don't think "I'll buy an SD card and just download the apps onto that." I did this, and 1. you cannot download apps straight to the card and 2. once you're out of room, you cannot download to your phone and move them to the card (b/c there's no room for them on the phone before you move them; not to mention some apps don't let you move them). So I pretty much am full and done with any new apps after putting 15 apps on the device. This leads to the other storage-related issue: it comes pre-installed with a pile of apps that I never use, but you're not allowed to uninstall them to free up space.If it weren't for the storage issue, this would be a 5-star review.

I bought this for my son and he seems very pleased with it.  He wanted a monthly pay inexpensive cell phone and this fits the bill perfectly and he gets service where I do not with my (much) more expensive model.

its alright but the screen sometimes doesnt respond and its just awful going from the mesmerize to this hunk of poo

I bought this phone on impulse because it was cute and boy was that stupid of me this phone was probly the worse cell phone i have ever had it shuts off on its own it freezes i cuts off phone calls and sends phone calls to oice mail with out your permission.

This is my first smart phone.  Its not a bad phone, however, there is too little memory.  I didn't know what kind of memory I would use so it wasn't an issue when i bought the phone.  If i had known, i would have purchased another phone.  Live and learn.  Otherwise it is a decent first time smart phone.

This phone is great. The size of the screen is wonderful for viewing movies, playing games and You tube. The Internet is super fast. Very lightweight. Perfect service, text messaging in a blink of an eye.

the phone is ok but the usb is broke so i hade is buy another charger for the battery and when i talk i can onyl do it on speaker she did not say s*** about that this is my frist smart phone i will not buy another smart phone used on here i will cost me $50 dollar s to fix the usb port and don t know how much to fix the talk part so i can talk with out speaker beening on the seller name is katie savage in 187 windchase lane millington tn  38058

Arrived with charger and case, all brand new.  Boost plan at $55 will save a lot, cannot beat this deal.

We decided to get this because it was $99 for a car charger, phone, and case. The phones are brand new, and came in original package. The car charger and case were also new & in package. The phone is so light and easy to use. And for a prepaid phone, it is NOT as glitchy as most. Actually, it's not at all (so far). I ordered the product on the 8th of feb, and got it on the 10th! Very fast delivery! I am very pleased with the product so far. It is very easy to text on, and the screen is so smooth. This phone is truly worth the $149.99 that BM is selling it for on their site. Very pleased with the fast shipping and amazing product!

I love this phone. The TeleNav GPS software (powered by Tom Tom) is superb and it gives you real time traffic updates - and it's FREE. I found the phone a bit sluggish if you try to multitask, so that's kinda a downside. But, all in all, it's a strong and durable phone. I've dropped it on the floor a lot, and I've even accidentally submerged it once as well. For the most part, it bounced back strongly and works well.It has one major design flaw though. The memory of on the phone is only 117mb (of usable space) to the user.I know what you are thinking: "just move any app's to the external memory card." What people DON'T tell you is that when you do this, all you're moving is SOME of the application's data to the memory card, the majority of the footprint of the app resides on the phone itself. So, after a few months your phone's free space shrinks. When applications update, it shrinks again. I've been fighting the "low memory/storage" battle now for 5 months. I clear the cash of all the apps, uninstall the updates from the android market/play, and now I've resigned to simply deleting the apps that I USE in order to keep my phone working.I will be buying another phone this weekend because of this.Now, if you don't want to download apps and you want a GPS on your phone that works REALLY WELL, then this is the phone for you. For everyone else, buy a different phone. You'll thank me later.

I've used a few smartphones of varying degrees of quality, all with my beloved android OS. However, I was sick of the Big 3 (Verizon, AT&T;, Sprint) with their contracts, never-ending hidden fees, and constant headaches. I started looking around at other options, knowing the smaller, contract-free phone companies had started offering a more advanced selection of smartphones. I wanted T-mobile. Unfortunately, they covered a few towns around me in my somewhat rural area but hadn't extended their 4g coverage my way yet. So, I moved on to Boost, saw they piggy-backed on Sprint and coverage wouldn't be an issue. I began painstaking research on their smartphones. Although the Galaxy Prevail was the cheapest offering, it also had had some of the most consistently positive reviews. I gave it a shot.For the most part, I have not been disappointed. The initial price vs. functionality of this phone, considering the $60 contract-free monthly payment is amazing to consider. I have access to The Play Store and all the apps android has to offer without the hassles of those ridiculous phone companies. At the same time, Boost has got to cut those costs somewhere. They seemed to have done it in customer service. I haven't had any run-ins personally, but a couple relatives of mine told me tales of nightmares of payments lost, can't get on the line with a live person, then being transferred to four different people, etc... So, you just cross your fingers and hope nothing goes wrong. (Because all things considered, the price is still pretty good, and you're free to leave! No contract is a great feeling.)The phone itself does not come padded with tons of preloaded junk like other smartphones. However, there are a few apps (including THREE navigation apps) that you absolutely cannot remove from the phone. Initially, not much of a concern. However, you soon find out how much this sucks because the phone runs out of internal memory VERY fast. The number of apps you can have on the phone at any given time is extremely limited, depending on what they are. And even after you remove an app, small traces of it are left behind on your memory. Before long, you'll be forced to uninstall an app anytime you want a new one. Personally, I've been using an app called Memory Booster (full version is paid, but a couple dollars has literally made all the difference in the world) to help with this problem... not a fix, but it has helped immensely.Call me old school, but I've never been a huge fan of the onscreen touch keyboards in general. I prefer QWERTY keypads but I know I'm fighting a losing battle with this, less and less phones are including them, and I better get used to it. Unfortunately, the Samsung Galaxy Prevail was one of the more frustrating on-screen keyboards I've used. I also solved this problem using an app: the Smart Keyboard Pro is a huge improvement over the phone's included software: more responsive, calibration is easy and typing is quicker and accurate (even for my clumsy fingers.)I've never had any issues with call quality with this phone. Battery life is on par if not better than other smartphones of this type. Keep background data off, kill your apps with a task manager and you'll have no problem getting through the day with one charge.Overall, a good lower-end android smart phone from a contract-free cell phone company. You sacrifice a bit in the way of customer service but you can't expect everything at these prices. Biggest downfall of this phone is the lack of internal memory and inability to move many things to SD, making app download extremely difficult after a while. Learn to utilize android market to help tackle some of these challenges, (and remember why android OS rocks no matter what phone/carrier you have.) Bottom line, Boost's Samsung Galaxy Prevail is a very good bang for your buck if you're looking for a contract-free smartphone.

The phone i bought was in VERY VERY good condition!!!!There were no starches.It came with the power cordand it came with a battery

I had to go to boost mobile to find out why my phone died on me!  I had to end up purchasing a brand new phone for $100I was very displeased about this product

it is good but it is locked and this word must be written on the titlei use it for internet only i can't use my Sim because it is locked doesn'twork in Libya

IT'S A GOOD PHONE BUT JUST DON'T LIKE THAT IT DOESN'T HAVE ENOUGH MEMORY WOULDN'T BUY ANOTHER  IT'S GOOD FOR A PERSON THAT DON'T DOWNLOAD MUCH

This is the best deal i came across for the price you cant beat it especially with the added case and car charger I ordered it and it came 3 days later I am a VERY HAPPY customer:)Since some of you people have doubts this phone is BRAND NEW IN ITS ORIGINAL PACKAGE I was skeptical AT first and emailed the seller and THEY did confirm it was all new since it did not say anything about being new...

When I had this phone, it was great.  It did everything I needed it to do.  Just sold it to buy a new one.

I had this phone almost a year, hate it! Freezes when you try to hang up, closes apps like the web, not enough memory space, turns off by itself, battery life isnt that great, save yourself the headache & get a diff phone

I was only looking for a low-end phone with good enough material on it to use for my own personal needs and it hit the spot during it's time

Very fast service from this company.  The phone arrived exactly as described.  They answered an email question almost instantly.  The phone is highly reviewed on CNET and performs very well.

I got this phone for my mom. She loves that she can now go on Facebook and the internet any time she wants. The delivery was faster than I expected and came with everything that it claimed to have. I recommend this phone to those who are new to smart phones. My mother still has some trouble trying to find things on the phone but is getting used to the phone really well,

I bought the phone for my girlfriend for Christmas, she loves it. It works real good and looks real good giving that i bought a nice case along with it.

They took really good care of us, initially I ordered two phones, one was perfect and one was defective. They promptly sent me out a new one to replace the defective one. I really appreciate how well they took care of us!

Got this phone for a gift. There is hardly any memory for the good apps. The phone does not pick up very well. It always drops calls. And when you try to call boost to complain all u get is a recording. You can't speak to a live operator. Ongoing back to t mobile at least I know what I'm getting with them.

Purchased 2 of these for my Sister and her Husband. They never had a Android and when they seen mine, they had to have one too. The phone size is like the size of a regular cell phone. Its design is sleek and not to heavy.Car chargers work just great. Charges in half the time opposed to the home charger, this was a nice bonus.Case's were regular, phones fit into them perfect. Protects the phones like they should. My sister lets her 3 year old run around throwing the phone. So this was put threw a vigorous test.Phones set up was a breeze and installing apps. Linking accounts was not a issue. Has basic Android lay out.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. IT IS SLOW, HAS A SMALL SCREEN, AND HAS ANDROID 1.0. ANDROID IS UP TO 4.0

This phone is awesome!.  It does everything that I need it to do: Make/Receive phone calls, text, stream music with Pandora.  I knew this phone was lacking in the internal storage department and that hasn't been an issue.  I wish I should uninstall most of the default apps that the phone came with so that I could replace them with apps that I would actually use.  That is the only reason this phone has 4 stars instead of 5.

This is the worst phone I have ever owned.  Has caused the most headaches and made me hate things I used to enjoy.  I sent it in for warranty service and it came back with the same issues as before.  The battery life sucks, the touchscreen sucks, and if I turn the phone off, it does NOT want to turn on without doing a soft reset.  Even then it still doesn't want to turn on.  I went back to my Sanyo Incognito, at least that phone works.I honestly feel the phone is like having a demo device that should have never been sold to the public.  I complained about it to Samsung and they didn't even respond.

I lost my phone last week and lost 8 years of numbers and contacts. So I rushed to my Boost store and bought one for $159.99 took it home and fired it up after charging the battery. I went searching for cases and screen protectors and found this one for $99.00 so I bought it for my wife. This came with a car charger which mine did not and it came with a case which mine did not. If I did not need a phone that day I would have bought mine here too. I got robbed at the Boost store and it came with NO extras. The shipping was the quickest I have experienced from a web retailer. Very Happy

Good phone nice price wish it had a slide out keypad but everything else is good  . For the price this does what all the expensive ones do lol

VERY disappointed in the quality of this phone, It started having issues about a month ago little glitches here and there, with it not turning on or not holding a call. Last night it made a small beep sound and the screen went dead. Nothing, nada. Gone.What kind of quality products are being  sold here on amazon, and with only a 30 day return policy. This is really poor customer service. I feel ripped off.

I bought this Used and got it for $48 total. I expected it it to be scratched, or maybe showing signs of damage--- nothing!It looked brand new @_@I turned it on but didn't activate it, This phone has free GPS via Google Maps.This is a good quality Android phone.

Its a decent phone for talking, texting & web browsing. Its an inexpensive phone with basic features, absolutely nothing fancy but its okay.

Shipping took longer than expected but all on all satisfied....not being able to track package was my negative here....no booklets or manuals also disappointing but expected especially since the details on product so vague. Everything works properly and is in good condition..thanx

When I received the phone it worked for 1 week and then the screen went black and would not allow me to dial out or receive calls.  I contacted Customer Service and they offered me a refund or replacement phone.  I chose to receive a replacement. After returning the flawed phone my replacement was mailed out. It has been working perfect!  The customer service dept was helpful and sent me a free cell phone case for the inconvenience.

Same price (actually, I paid half at Target), faster, a better/faster version of Android, better camera & it's water-proof.This phone was buggy, constantly restarted itself mid-phone call, and the battery was crap.P.S. I'm pretty sure you can take clearer pictures using a potato.

If you are looking for a smart phone i wouldnt recomend this phone. its slow, it freezes up a lot, and it dosent like to turn on a lot. it works decent for a while then it goes crazy. I wouldnt call this phone a smart phone because it doesnt work or feel like a smartphone. Its more like a hightech "regular phone". it works and feels kind of like the lg chocolate touch which is not a smart phone. the memory on the phone is little to none so you cant really download a lot of apps (maby 5 or 6). A lot of apps aren't compatible with the phone and the ones that are take a while to download. I could go on and on about this phone so just dont buy it.

This is really a good phone, at first I thought something would be wrong with it because of this lower price but its good, better then my old blackberry even and it mailed in like 3 days.

I had no issues starting up the phone or any since. the phone came with lsigns of light usage as it was described on the page when i bought it. Even inside of the package there was a name and number to conttact if there were any issues; i haven't had to call yet

I've been a big fan of Samsung for the past several years...every phone of theirs I've had for the last half-decade or so has reliable and long lasting. With that track record, I decided to go with good ol' Samsung once more for my first outing on the smartphone market. Too bad this one was a swing and a miss.The negatives on this thing far outweigh the positives. The touch screen is haphazard at best...often failing to record keystrokes during typing. My phone also has a nasty habit of failing to respond when I hit the 'Hang Up' button during a phonecall. Not cool. The damn thing also POWERS ITSELF OFF half the time for no apparent reason. It's certainly not because of the battery...the life of it is pretty standard for a smartphone. I just don't understand how all of these issues got past development and into production...many others seem to have these problems as well.That being said...reception is fine and wireless/3G works as expected. Nothing stellar there. Just don't try to call Boost Mobile if you ever have any issues...their customer service is absolutely horrendous.If you're looking for a good prepaid smartphone...you may wanna keep searching. This one falls way short of the mark.

The phone was great for a while. It ran smooth and did everything it was supposed to. But after about 5 months it would think it was charging when it wasn't. I had constant trouble with it locking up or not turning on. I'm not sure what caused it all, but I can't recommend the product given my experience.

don't trust this site they tell you what you want to hear and no product.but just because i had a bad experiance with them dosn't mean that you will so good luck.

After looking at a number of Galaxy models, and considering an IPhone, I bought 2 of these phones - for my husband and me - only because I decided to go with Boost Mobile. This is our first Android and we are delighted with it. Sleek little phone with lots of useful stuff - too many to get into here. At times we both feel that it could be easier to have a larger phone for reading and typing but I absolutely love the easy to carry size of Prevail, and for $ 108.00 - per phone - it is one of the better purchases I've made; we love this phone!

Quick Delivery, Brand new phone, case and car charger. Everything is new in it's original package. Case is just a slide in one, I prefer hard cases but it's not that big of a deal.

Purchased(10/2011)This phone is ok but will frustrate anyone very quickly also it has a tendency to turn it self off especially if it gets to hot even without a hard cover on it.I  wouldn't recommend a gel case or hybrid case either because it will cause the phone to overheat faster and turnoff w/o warning on you if your using pandora or playing angry birds the battery area will get hot faster than normal just don't use near a heat source like a space heater

If you are in the market for a cheap Android phone on Boost Mobile, stay clear of this phone. Save your pennies and get something better.Pros - Errrr ummm its cheap now.Cons -1. Randomly shuts off or freezes2. Randomly calls voicemail by itself3. Will either at timesA.) Think it's charging when its not plugged in, orB.) Think your using a unsupported charger, when it could be the charger that came with the dang thing.4. Internal Memory is atrocious (768 mb), so if you are a heavy app person. A couple heavy apps like Facebook or Youtube that can't be transfered to your SD card will destroy your internal memory quickly.5. Slow processor, and ram.6. Did I forget to mention low internal memory that will keep you from doing things on your phone. Phone to low on space, gotta delete a app to check your email. Can't install a lot of updates for certain apps, either.7. Battery is a 1500 mAh battery, which drains very quickly.8. Latest update caused more issues then it did fix em if not at all.If you happen to get stuck with this phone you are better off keeping it factory fresh and not download the updates.I have had this phone for over a year now, and its been a pain in a butt for most of it. Stay away!

This phone is OK at best.1.  TEXTING AND TYPING IS A PAIN IN THE BUTT. Learning the positions to place your finger for the letter you're trying to type takes lots and lots of practice and patience. But on the bright side, it does encourage more talking and less texting because texting is so frustrating.2.  LACK OF INTERNAL MEMORY. CAN'T INSTALL OR UPDATE APPS!!!!!!!!! This phone only has 150MB of internal storage. Sure you can add a 32GB SD card but that means nothing if none of the apps can be moved to the SD card. I only installed 2 apps and I'm out of space!!!! Can't install anymore apps! Also can't download updates for the 2 apps I purchased because I'm out of space!!3. TALK TIME AND QUALITY ARE DECENT.If you only need a cheap phone with internet access, decent GPS capabilities, and no long term contract, then this phone is fine for you. If you're looking for a full-fledged smart phone buy one with lots of internal storage space.

this phone was not worth the money.. after about a month it will crash and say always charging.. now replaced with the htc evo...

I've had this phone for well over a year, which in cell phone dog years is like a decade. I had to root the phone to make it usable because Boost bloats with apps that you can't get rid of. Rooting involves googling to find the forum with the secret voodoo downloads to flash the phone which gets rid of the apps you don't want and adds neat features like overclocking so that you can actually load a page in the browser if you've got the time.By rooting the phone, being selective about apps, moving everything I can to the SD card, and keeping a charger in my vehicle, I can operate with this phone. I want a new phone badly. I like prepaid. Right now my monthly charge is $40 so I'm waiting for Boost to release an LTE phone. The rumor mill has it that q1 2013 will see an LTE phone on Boost. The Galaxy S2 is an old design, the other 4g phones seem overpriced considering that I could jump over to Metropcs and get a $200 LG Spirit for $50 a month. As a light data user that's an option.For the moment, I'm hanging on thinking that Boost will come up with an enticing phone which can't be beat if my plan stays at $40 a month.

I had to send it back because there was a defect with the charger port. I was hoping it would have worked but maybe next time.

This was a gift for my son for xmas. He had this type when it stopped working. He was very pleased with the shipping time as well as the phone itself.

Be aware, after a year your screen might go out. This phone went out on my daughter after a year. There is NO WAY I would have bought this phone knowing it would be useless after just a year!!!!

I have been looking for a new phone for quite some time, because I was tired of being the only person I knew that didn't have a smartphone. I found a used Samsung Galaxy Prevail and decided to order it. It was in my mailbox 2 to 3 days after I ordered it, which surprised me, because I was expecting a much longer wait. I was very pleased with the speed of the shipping, as well as the quality of the product. The phone is in perfect working condition, and in beautiful cosmetic shape. There were a few minor scratches on the screen from normal wear and tear, but nothing major. It was a great deal for the quality of the product, and I would recommend this seller.

This is my first android smartphone. I am long time Palm user and Nextel one and I really dig this phone.Mine was shipped with Gingerbread 2.3 and it works great. If you get this phone use Gmail for the love of Google. It works so well with everything.Get a Big Micro SD card in here 16GB and you will be fine. Get an APP to SD program until we can root it and you will be all set.I have been using it and I like it.Oh, and super fast shipping from this seller.Rock on DROID DOES

Pro- Phone works  perfectly fine.Con- Doesnt have a LCD light on the front of the phone. So unless you turn the screen on from time to time you dont know if you missed a call/Text/Email or any other notification. It comes with tons of pre loaded apps that you aren't able to get rid of. and lastly Boost Mobile will charge you a fee to reactive the phone with this network.

okay well I ordered the cell phone the other day and it was quick getting here I was surprised, the phone is in perfect condition and it works great! :) so yes I am a happy customer and I want to say thank you to the sellers, and I would definitely order from them again, if I could I would rank higher then 5 stars but yea it's a dam good phone for the price thanks again to the sellers. ;)

I've had this phone for two years.  I believe it was the first Android Boost Mobile phone.  I paid about $130 for it and it still works great till this day.  I've dropped it 100 times and the screen never cracked and I never had any problems.  It's actually a pretty solid phone.  This phone isn't all that amazing compared to what we now have nowadays.  The screen is small, the internal memory is small.  But there are many positives too.  The navigation is awesome.  This phone can be used as a sweet MP3 player.  The phone call sound quality is good.  Texting and swype works great.  I use the wifi occasionally at home and it works beautifully.  I use the bluetooth and it also does the job as expected.  My bill is down to $35 a month.  What more could I really ask for?  There's no doubt I'd like a new Samsung Galaxy S4 but to me it's not worth the extra money.  I have a cheap Android phone with a cheap bill.  Phone and text works great.  If you need more than that buy an Ipad.

The major problem with the Samsung Galaxy Prevail is that its internal storage is a tiny 117MB, and this causes serious issues you may not expect.You, like me, may assume the internal storage isn't a problem since Boost includes a 2GB microSD card right out of the box. That's plenty of room for apps, right? Unfortunately, each Android application decides for itself whether it can run on an SD card. Most of the applications I wanted to use (including mainstream choices like GMail and Facebook) would not move to the SD card. They would run only in that tiny 117MB space. (Don't take my word for it; a quick Google search will confirm this for you.)The phone also comes with several applications pre-installed that you cannot remove. The end result: you run out of room very quickly. And that's when the real trouble starts.Once the Galaxy Prevail runs out of storage, you'll stop getting notifications of new e-mail or other events, and sometimes even calls and text messages won't come through. That makes sense: if the phone has no room to store a new e-mail, how can it know there is one? Often the way I realized I was out of storage again was that I hadn't gotten any notifications in a while.As a temporary fix, you can periodically delete data you don't need to free up some room (there's a button to do this for each application), but you'll have to do that fairly often, and it works only if you have enough free space to begin with.CONCLUSION:The Galaxy Prevail is a perfectly adequate telephone. It makes calls, it sends and receives text messages, and it can even view websites with the built-in browser. If that's all you want from your Android device, this is a good way to get that functionality at a discount. And I don't mean that sarcastically; the built-in applications and features all worked very well, and some people may truly just want a phone that can also surf the web.But if you want to be able to install applications from the Android Market or "Google Play", this is not the phone for you. Look for a different device that has more INTERNAL storage.

I love this one seller!!!I got my phone really fast and even a got a car charger!!!!All for a really cheap price!!BALLER!!!!!!!Can't get better than this one guys!!!!

just as described and in good condion.like i said in the above.i contacted them to to return it unopened and was denied.to use these phones the monthly cost is higher.no

Replacing my wife's blackberry type phone which was stolen.  Fun android phone to have.  A little slow on the web side, but it is not a $700 phone.  Bottom line, Cool phone and decent service for the price.

Cons:1. Touch screen is unreliable....on occasion I am forced to take off back cover and remove battery to hang up on a call because the touch screen will not respond.2. The screen lock locks-up as soon as your call connects which means you can't select speaker phone without pushing unlock again. There is no setting to change this.3. When you get a text message there will be one quick sound (which can be selected) which means you do not know you have a text waiting if you were away from the phone when the text came in.  I have had other phone that would flash the key pad every 10 seconds to alert you to a message. This phone does nothing...very frustrating...must check phone constantly.4. Battery has short use time before recharge. Phone shuts off with no warning when battery goes.Pros:1. For $50 on ebay it was a decent value.2. Seems to have endured being dropped a few times with no ill effect (problems described above were apparent before it was ever dropped.)

Worked for 4 days.  Now is Dead.  Don't buy this!!! You will not be happy. Spend your money elsewhere. Get an Iphone.

I was so excited to get a "new" boost mobile phone for such a great price... But once it got here i saw all the scratches and bumps and paint chipping all along the side of the phone. And on top of that they tried to cover it with the screen protector! DONT GET THIS PHONE!

Samsung is a great product as always.  Withstanding the daily use of an 15 year old teenager. I recommend this product.

My girlfriend was paying too much for her previous phone, until I told her that you have the same phone I have for a better price that she was paying for her, so she got it and is very happy.

phone is fine, battery life is short, it didn't come with all the parts as listed.Overall, I like the product.

It had a good price but had more problems then I knew there was going to be. had to buy a brand new battery. cause the 1 that came with it was no good.

I have had this phone for a year. I hate it. It has the smallest internal memory. And it shuts itself off and on when it wants too. Also shuts itself off and does not turn back on unless I do it. The only thing I like about it is its size. It is worth it to get a better phone with more than 2gb internal memory,because after all the pre-installed apps on it there leaves very little space.So please take my word for it and get the Galaxy s2 or something else.

i needed a chep phone got this and so far it has been great. it does however turn off sometimes

Though I am very pleased with Boost's service, this phone stinks!  I only downloaded 11 apps and the storage was full.  Worse, I had installed an 8 gig card and it wouldn't allow me to transfer the pre-downloaded apps.  You also can't get rid of the apps that come with the phone even if you don't use them and they eat up a lot of the internal memory.  When it get's close to full on the internal memory the phone freezes, drops calls, and is super SLOW!  Even after factory restarts, deleting EVERYTHING off of my phone, it still had problems.  It works just fine if you don't want any apps...but then what is the point of a smart phone?  I have sent it in twice for warranty work...though every time it comes back with the same problems a few months later.

After 5 months with both phones I had issues with charging, eventually wouldn't charge at all. Something with where the charger connects to the phone. If you want this phone because of the price spend twice as much for a better phone, you'll end up spending it anyway.

The phone was in excellent condition!  I am having so much fun learning all the apps.  I feel proud about how quickly I am learning to use the phone and the fact that I FINALLY moved into the 21st century! LOL

Since I got this phone it had the best quality ever!!! And It has the longest Battery Life , And there is alot of COVARAGE IN THE US!!!!

This is exactly what I wanted.  For a low price I was able to upgrade to a phone that fit my lifestyle.  THANK YOU AMAZON!!

Nice replacement at a reasonable price.  Glad was able to help my son with a newer phone I could afford.

This is far from a smart phone, don't buy it, you will be wishing you spent a little more for a better phone.

I absolutely love this phone.  It took a bit of getting used to an android from a non android, but I wouldnt go back to anything else now.  The camera works great, took pics at a work bday party and posted on Facebook and they look awesome.  I have reception in elevators where I didnt before.  The shipping time was really prompt too, got it before the date stated.

Actually the apareil is very good conditions, it functions excellently, the only problem I have with it, which i didn't realice when selecting it, is that it is still CDMA technology, and I needed it GMS.

Brand new phone for a great price. Comes with a leather type carrying case, home and car charger. The phone is easy to use and if you have a question on how to do something Boost mobile has step by step video instructions.I emailed a question to this vendor and they replied immediately.I highly recommend this vender for the great price, quick  shipping and customer service.Thank you!Samsung Galaxy Prevail with Car Charger and Case (Boost Mobile)

I would like to say  something about this phone i got it for my wife and it was used one it looks new and smooth she likes it the only probleme on the phone  was on the battery but the seller take care of it and he was helpful he sent me another new battery thanks seller!good luck!

This item is so frustrating to operate it freezes when it wants to and the charger port was loose so recharging is annoying to no end it beeps like crazy unless it is set in a certain position. The signal is horrible I can't even hold the phone to my ear n move around because it cuts off my calls or the conversation is so broken up people hang up or I do it has become so bad I can't stand having to use this phone at all.

I had this phone for about a year and had nothing but problems. It would constantly freeze, several times a day it would reboot itself, the battery life is terrible. Finally the on-off button failed and I couldnt wake the phone up when it went to sleep.

i was very excited to get my phone. it has many apps enabled. i wish the screen were a little bigger. it takes very good pics. the particular battery in this phone does seem to drain power fast, unsure if it's because of internet and music downloads.

Excellent value for the price.  i was somewhat concern that the condition of the phone would not be as described.... but i was pleasantly suprised that it was better than i expected... Thanks

This is the worse phone that I have ever owned. It doesn't have a lot of memory and most of the memory is taken up by apps that is preinstalled that you can't delete. It will not allow you to switch most apps to the sim card to save space. It freezes up all the time and when you try to end a call, you have to sometimes totally shut the whole phone down are reboot in order to end the call. This phone is HORRIBLE! Do not waste your money on this phone. I have had cheaper phones that did not act like this.

When I first got the phone back in March it was awesome. Company I got it from gave me everything didn't have any problems.  Around August I started getting low space warnings so I deleted my favorite games and it is still giving me the problem.The hang up button while on the phone quits working often where I leave 10 minute long voice mails.Worst phone ever incognito is way better at least I could watch you tube videos unlike this phone it takes 10 minutes to load a 2 minute video.  I have Netflix and i can't even watch that on the phone either.Now, recently having the problem of my texts not sending but I can receive them. Don't buy this phone if you are looking for a long term phone. Boost is good but this phone sucks.

NOTE: The Prevail has been replaced by the Boost Mobile Galaxy Rush, which has FOUR TIMES more internal memory for your apps than the Prevail.  The Rush lists for $150, so the only reason to buy a Prevail is if you find one at an VERY, VERY low price.The majority of Prevail owners are happy with their new phone for a few weeks, but after downloading a bunch of new apps and updates for their old apps, find that their Prevail freezes up.  The Prevail's Task Manager shows it only has 161 mb of internal memory.  The phone needs at least 40 mb of free memory for cache memory.  So, select a few essential apps so that you do NOT use more than 120 mb of internal memory for apps.  If you do so, your Prevail will always run as smoothly as it did on "Day One".You can restore your phone to its "Day One" speed and smoothness by formatting your memory card and then doing a "factory restore", as explained in the owner's manual.  This process takes ten minutes.  It erases all your photos, music, text messages, email, old apps, and anything else clogging up your Prevail's memory.  After the restore, reinstall ONLY the apps that you use every day, and be careful to use no more than 120 mb of internal memory.  Go to Google Play Store and UNcheck the box for "automatic updates" and do NOT do any manual updates...updates waste memory.  The Prevail works best with the original factory versions of key apps.Boost uses the Sprint Network, which is limited to America's fifty biggest cities, and interstate highways connecting those cities.  If you live on a farm in West Texas, or in a village in North Dakota, none of the Sprint companies are a good choice.  The staff at the Radio Shack closest to your home are good sources of information about whether the Sprint Network is reliable in your community.As with all Android phones, you need to learn how to control battery life by turning OFF Wi-Fi, 3G, and Bluetooth when you are not using them.  The Prevail comes with a power widget to toogle Wi-Fi and Bluetooth on and off and you can get use the free "Data Switch" app to toogle 3G on and off.Use the "Downloads" folder in "Manage Apps" to delete every app you are not using daily.  Do NOT delete "Google Play Store", as it is required for your phone to work properly.  UNinstall updates for every app you decide to keep except for "Google Play Store" and Pandora Radio.  Google Maps Updates are a huge waste of memory.Next, move your apps over to the SD card.  Google Apps can not be moved, so simply uninstall their updates.  Go to "Google Play Store" and open your list of apps.  UNcheck the box for "automatic updates".  Ignore all messages you get asking you to update apps.  The updates for any Google App, such as Google Maps, are unneccessary and waste memory.

I originally purchased this phone 6 months ago as my first foray into Android and I have to say, this phone exceeded my expectations. It's very fast and responsive with controls that make this phone a breeze. It takes a little work, but once I got the hang of it, I wondered what took me so long to get one of these. Plus, being someone who is klutzy and tends to drop my phone a lot, even without a face cover or protective case despite the fact there are scuffs and scratches on the phone and screen now, it still works as quick and as easy as it did from the first day I got it...which has made me a Samsung owner for life.The only minus that I see with it is that there's not enough space in the phone for all the apps I want to get. Not to mention there are several preinstalled apps (Scvngr, Layar, Poynt) that I don't use and don't intend to use yet I can't uninstall them.But overall, this is a great starter phone for someone just beginning the journey into Android. And with it being a Samsung, the quality is far beyond what I expected.

This is a really nice phone and I am so glad that I got. Easy to use, gives me all the information that I need. I bought it used, but you would never know it!
