
I bought this phone from a Boost store.....It can be a bit slow at times......but over all it works just fine....The phone and the service are more than worth the 50 a month I have to spend.

I thought it would be better than the phone i was having problems with i even did my research on the phone before i got it and when i get it you don't get the options as i did with my other phone. The seller was great an fast delivery.

My love for the Android phone began last year in 2011, beginning with the Samsung Galaxy Prevail.Recently, my Galaxy's charger socket became inoperable, and I had to send the phone in for repair so it could accept a charge.I decided to buy the Samsung Replenish as a temporary replacement.I thought I was going to like this phone, because of the adequate screen size, the QWERTY keyboard buttons on the front, and longer battery life than the Galaxy Prevail.Wrong, Wrong, Wrong.-- The buttons are too small to even peck out a simple text message.-- There is NO onscreen keyboard that appears to type in any fields. [YOU HAVE to use the microscopic buttons below (unless you download a keyboard / scratch pad from the Google play store)].-- The overall design is too bulky and cumbersome to carry around.-- The computing power lead me to pull over on the side of the road, because the GPS / computer is not able to keep up with driving / turn-by-turn directions to a destination.(This phone belongs in the mid-late 1990s when cell phones were starting to become popular)The Samsung Replenish is unusually sluggish, lacks computing power, and is slow to respond to the most simple of commands and tasks.When you need to hang up a call, the phone takes longer than usual for the screen to appear (after the power button is pressed), for the phone to "slide" and "hang up" a call.$99 is a great deal - that is - if your fingers are small enough to control the buttons, and you have enough time to wait on the side of the road for your phone's computer to catch up to the GPS.Or maybe I should just move slower, to catch up to the phone itself.

This is a good phone, however I have only had the phone a couple weeks and have had at least 4 dropped calls and when I'm talking the people I'm talking to tell me I'm breaking up.  Going to return it.  I'm assuming that these problems are due to the wireless company not the phone but I don't know much about cell phones so it could be the phone...????

Thank you again! This phone is great!It's easy to use. I like Samsung's phone.It's perfect to me !!!!

I bought the phone in March and it is now october and the phone completly failed on me tonight. for the past couple of days the phone kept turning on and off and the screen would keep turning on and off! wouldnt recommend this phone at all. i paid one hundred dollars for it when the phone first came to stores and i feel like now what a waste of money!

i never had a smartphone until now.  it's ok for beginner like me that don't know what she is doing.  but i can see how an experienced &#34;phoner&#34; would become frustrated.  it is slow to download, the screen and buttons are a little small.  and i'm mad because i can't download certain games, like words with friends, because this phone is not compatible.  it's ok for now but i will probably upgrade in a year.

not a bad phone. great for everything you need. keep in mind however the VERY low amount of storage space. you really only get enough to install one app before hitting the limit.

Just got my Samsung Replenish and I'm very satisfied with my buy. The shipping was incredibly fast! Seller had the package already shipped out within the hour of purchase and it got here on the first estimated date 2 business days later. When it arrived, phone came in its original Boost Mobile packaging and the car charger was sealed in its own package. Couldn't beat the price anywhere else, would recommend this seller to anyone looking for a great deal on a cell phone.

This phone is no good! It will shut off whenever it wants or whenever the 2gb sd card gets fed up/full. I've deleted pics and videos on my own and the phone has done the same with important footage I needed. Luckily I was able to upload the sd card to my laptop and everything was there but it's aggravating losing something important temporarily. I've learned that these phones are garbage anyway.

I just love this phone. This is the best phone that I had for a very long time. BEST EVER!!!!!!!!!

This is my first smart phone and it's perfect. The keyboard rocks, it's quick and has a great camera. Now I am not a phone junkie I don't check fb, play games or tweet with my phone. I  only use my phone for talking, texting and checking email. I love it!

I bought this phone because I liked that there was no "smartphone data surcharge" to use it. The phone is fairly sub-par, but I kind of expect to get what I pay for and was willing to take a little inconvenience for lower costs. Unfortunately the phone started having power issues after 9 months. We sent it to Samsung to have it repaired and it came back with the same problem. When I called to ask if there was anything else they could do for me, they said that the only way to fix it was to send it in AGAIN and be without it AGAIN. It is absolutely unbelievable that Samsung doesn't try harder to please their customers when they already tried to fix it once and it is their fault that it is not fixed. I spoke with 4 people up the chain of command and they all offered me the same pathetic options. I will avoid Samsung products in the future if I can't trust their warranty policy.

The shipping from this seller is awesome, i ordered wens, received friday. I really like the phone, not quite as quick as the blackberry online, first touch screen i have had, i really like this phone once i master it, i'll probably love it.

This is the absolute WORST phone I have ever owned (and it's the first "smart phone" I've ever bought.) It is painfully slow and only actually accomplishes a task (like sending a text, sending a photo, taking a picture, going on the internet) about half the time (the other half it just freezes or says "Cannot complete task")

Very reasonably priced for an android. I bought it after having the Boost Prevail and I love this one much better. It doesn't crash as often (though it does very rarely) and it's more responsive. The screen and keyboard is just the right size for my petite hands so if you have large hands I wouldn't recommend this phone for you'll be pressing every button but the one you want. Would be a great gift for a girlfriend or daughter or if you just want it yourself. But def. one of the better Boost Mobile phones.

First I must say that Miraecomm_Wireless did a great job of packing and shipping this phone, I recieved it much faster than I expected for ordering this phone over the Independence Day weekend.This is my first Android phone ever so I am still learning all the tricks, but it has a rather easy interface to learn which is nice considering all the other phones I have used.Voice dialing works great without training which is suprising since I have a very strong Oklahoma accent.The screen looks great for a $99 smartphone. Some reviewers forget that most mobile providers subsidize their prices, so the price they paid does not reflect the cost of Hi-Def screens.I have not tried any apps out other than what was included with the phone, but this device was suprisingly free of bloatware. The music player sounds rather good with headphones, which is suprising with very few controls.The camera is great for outdoors or very bright indoor areas, but low light levels tend to wash out all the bright colors.All in all, I have to say that the Samsung Replenish is a great value for the first time Android user.UpdateAfter having this phone for a few months, I have nothing to detract from above. In fact this phone is much sturdier than I expected. I accidentally dropped this phone into a shallow puddle in my parking lot while it was raining, and I thought I might have ruined it. But after carefuly drying it, it worked like it always had and no moistier worked its way into the screen. Also this phone has experienced several drops from about waist high without ever being damged. I do use a screen protecter and a silicon phone case, so that probaly helps.

It'z ok just d battery won't stay charged I like it didn't know it wuz a touch screen dis fone is a hit

I'M so loving this phone i have had so many i have to say it is my favorite so far.Shipped out very fast the only problem i'm having is with the battery,it's not staying charged,and now it's over heating.Other then the battery issue it's a great phone,i even have slacker radio again love slacker radio hope to get the battery problem solved.Is there anyone else having this problem?I would recommend this phone to a friend.

Don't waste your money on this piece of junk.. was a good phone in the beginning. After about 2 months I've had nothing but problems with it. I can't download games or anything from the market, because big colorful blotches show up all over the screen. Can't use google maps because the phone can't read the street names or anything.. most of the time can't look at my pictures or listen to music because the phone screws up your sd card and constantly turns itself on and off. Recycled PIECE OF GARBAGE!

Calls continually black out....time is still moving & both parties are there but neither of you can hear each other.

i love my sansung replenish prepaid android phone,everything is there,and very easy to use,the problem is the battery,takes one day only,battery is good for one day only,i have always charge it,

Wish I had spent my money elsewhere.  Can not load apps due to pre=loaded ones that can not be deleted.

phone doesn't have much storage dpace i like the stylr of the phone but browser always seems yo stop unexspectedly. sigh

I got this phone to replace my ZTE Warp that got dropped in a toilet and I hate it!It's so slow and freezes up so often that it will actually turn itself off!There is a problem with the keyboard some of the letters and symbols get stuck so I will type a letter and get a symbol. It is just awful!When I initially read reviews I liked the solar recharge aspect but didn't find out till later I needed a separate charger for that! Don't buy this!

I had this phone for a little over a year and the storage is so small.  I recently upgraded to a Samsung with more storage and I am satisfied.  My teenage daughter uses this phone at home though with wifi and to play her music so I am still happy I purchased it but as a smartphone it just does not have enough memory.

I purchased this phone $25 below Ebay and also the store price. I received this item before the estimated shiiping date and also in new condition. I am very happy and love the touch screen and keyboard option. I would highly recommend this phone

Good phone. I am in a 3G area and I can never get my Youtube to work. I had to delete many of my apps because they would freeze up. I always updated my apps. Facebook didn't work. Liked that I could open more than one tab. I could make calls and text.

have problems now with the battery. it said that i am fully charge but when i talk or text within 3 min the phone cutoff have to stand near a outlet to talk. if i remove the phone dies. so after 6mos have problem i call samsung to warrenty the battery they will but i have to send the battery to them first this is my only phone what am i suppose to use until then !!?

This phone is a piece of junk. DO NOT BUY IT!!! If you want a good quality samsung phone get one that is all touchscreen. I have had this phone for 2 years now and at times it makes random strange noises and will turn off at the wrong times. DO NOT BUY! Oh yeah, I gave it 1 star for working, that's it.

This is my first Android smart phone. Needless to say I laugh at myself as I continue to learn how to use it. It's a great starter phone for some one who isn't so technical savy and so much fun to learn all the gadgets. I get on the internet everyday and love the fact I can use the built in keyboard or the physical one to text. I would recomend this phone and buy another one if I ever broke this one.

My husband has been a blackberry fan for years and we recently purchased the samsung replenish. He loves the new samsung and its android system. The phone came to us in the mail fast and we got a really great price. Over all very happy with the purchase.

i like this phone it works well and its easy to text in it is a nice phonefor the price only bad thing not so much memmory

external sound went out on this phone in less than a month. after i started having problems with this phone i found out from a friend that she had this phone and ended up replacing it 4 times!

Its a good phone excepts it uses a lot of battery life have to charge it everyday! I have trouble with internet it times me out a lot and have to wait to get connected again!

Great phone for people thats new to the boost series very durable lol. And got it quick didn't take long.

we often need to replace phones damage at work so this one although didn't have a long life was much eaiser to swallow when it went into the sewer

I am an ex-blackberry user, and going from a qwerty keyboard to a touch screen keyboard was impossible, my fingers are way too large to use any touch screen keyboards available, so the Samsung Replenish was the only option out there to have a qwerty keyboard/smart phone/Android touch-screen. I have had it for over 2 years and I love it, but it has issues, one, the battery life is hit or miss, and sometimes it's battery drains from 100% to 0% in 3 hours when i'm in a place with a lot of technical interference like a casino. The memory is low, can't have more than about 50MB of your own programs on it before it keeps warning you that your memory is low, but the phone does work well and it runs all Android programs from the Play store as good as the best of them. My phone is now on it's last leg, so I am ordering a new phone, the exact same model years past it's introduction and with it's antiquated technology and all. I just like this phone and that's all there is to it.

only thing missing is a flash on the camera and flash movie/video/tv downloader but it's a great android phone to keep for awhile.

i really like the phone it was a outstanding price too .for under $80.00 boost wanted $99.00 now im still waiting for hip carrier for phone.ALERTS IF YOU SEE A RED DOT IN THE UPPER LEFT CORNER THATS THE NUMBER OF OPERATIONS DOWNLOADS GOING ON PLACE FINGER AT TOP AND SLIDE DOWN FROM TOP OF GLASS AND YOU CAN SEE ALL THERE. THEN DELETE THEM AND THE RED BALL WILL DISAPERE AND ITS WHITE NUMBERS ON IT. YOU MAY SEE AS MANY AS 17 ON THE RED BALL. I HAD TO CALL SAMSUNG TO FIND OUT THAT THERE NUMBER IS ON SEARCH ENGINE SAMSUNG CUSTOMER SERVICE.YOU HAVE TO SIGN UP THERE FIRST.

I migrated over to Boost from AT&T; and made my splash with this phone, the Replenish. I'm a pretty green kinda guy and found its mostly-recycled content intriguing. I have previously owned a smartphone, and was tired of the excessive payments for limited data plans. This phone is a solid 4-starrer. Pros vs. cons:Pros:Cheap, both initially and over timeHard keyboard - which seems these days almost more of a throwbackNot laden down with a bunch of proprietary and uninstallable bloatwareMostly recycled parts & materials (if you're into that sort of thing)Android 2.3 - old enough to be fast on limited hardware, new enough to not be obsoleteCons:Screen resolution and overall quality - pixelation, you'll notice itTouchscreen sensitivity - not the best, but usableDistinct lack of internal memory - 128MB is just not enough for anything beyond basic usage!Neutrals:Battery life - around exactly 2 days if you turn off 3g data (get a widget for this), 1.2 days (~30h) with 3g & bluetooth onThis is not a game-playing phone, unless you only keep one installed at a time and have a game that doesn't really require a sensitive touchscreen. I love the hard keyboard and it's interesting to see that Android has built-in support for hotkeys. The phone remains faster than my previous Motorola Bravo, largely due to lack of bloatware, and I advise regularly deleting text messages if you see slowdowns. I have 40MB of the internal memory free after installing and regularly using Facebook, and the Amazon Marketplace app does work with Boost. Fair warning to those considering joining Boost: Google Voice is not supported (specifically, specifying a voicemail forwarding number is not enabled). I've been pleasantly surprised with Boost; especially for 50% the cost of AT&T;, I can accept the few sacrifices.

Very inexpensive easy to use phone. I use it for calls and texting so I don't use the internet much. If your looking for a nice easy phone to use this is it. But if you check your Emails or Facebook it's not a good idea to get this phone. It takes for ever to load (I checked it out).

If you had an Iphone or the latest Android phone, then dont get this. But if you've been stuck with basic phones and new to upgrade, this is perfect. Texting is a breeze and the touch screen is very accurate. Battery does drain rather fast, but with some minor tweaking and setting changes, it last for a whole day. (Tip: Turn off 3g if you're not using the web.) Calls are clear and perfect, the camera takes amazing photos. Shutter speed is faster than my actual camera. It does feel rather plastic but nothing to bad. I can say I am rather satisfied with this phone and hope to keep it for a long time. Does everything you need in a phone.

The internal memory sucks. Besides that this is a great phone. Ive accidentally dropped it a few times and it still works like a charm. Its very responsive and easy to use if youve had similar phones. Ive had mine for almost a year now and my mom just recently bought the same phone 'cause she likes mine so much. lol.

You can ask mfor more. This cell phone is a great deal and great phone. It has all the features you need from a smart phone. Looks great! I'm really happy and satisfied to purchased.

I got this as a gift for my dad. He loves it! Does everything he needs and wanted. Touch screen and the keyboard. Has all his email accounts set up and easy access to apps and games. No complaints here

Well, despite all the bad reviews my Samsung Replenish for Boost is working great. I have Documents to Go installed which I use to edit Excel spreadsheets while on the bus or train. And it works great for that. I have Dolphin HD browser installed and web surfing works good. Not quite as fast as my spouses' Epic 4g but it did not cost nearly as much either. I also use to update Facebook occasionally, watch YouTube videos, play a few games (angry birds, totemo, and age of conquest) currently. Email and Words with Friends and I use Google Play for music and have a bunch of music on my SD card.  I noticed when I updated Google Play and YouTube and a few other things the phone started to lock up and touch screen was reacting very slowly. I uninstalled those updates and everything is working just fine again.-The screen is not the greatest. A lot of pixelation. If you are a heavy video watcher you should not get this phone.-The keyboard is great. I do a lot of entering of data and seller listings on my phone so I prefer a keyboard to a touch screen keyboard. You lose some screen size but when you are using the touch screen keyboard on phones without a keyboard you lose even more screen size.-The battery is about average for a Android phone.  You need to shut wifi, bluetooth, syncing and GPS when you are not using them. There is a great widget that puts big buttons on your home page so you can turn these on and off quickly. Dolphin Battery Manager works well for me too.-Internal space on phone. There is not much internal space on the phone and most apps don't let you install to the SD card. I can have between 5-10 apps installed at a time on the phone no problem. I keep some on my SD card and uninstall ones I am not using if I want to use a app that I don't have installed due to space constraints. It takes about 30 seconds to do. Not that big of a deal.Bottom line for the price it's a great phone. Its a great introduction to Android phones for a smart phone beginner.  And it's made of recycled materials and is one of only a few Green certified phones. If more people purchase the green phones, they will make more...

I like the qwerty kepad, it makes texting easy no mispelled words anymore. I do not like the ringtone options I've found it impossible to save my music as ringtones oh and its kind of slow

Very happy with the phone,ran over my replenish with a forklift and went to purchase another one, they are no longer in Inventory at boost. Phone I did get had on screen texting, like the button keyboard better. Found this one online and bought it immediately. Highly recommended by me. Had my android for 2years total.....love it.

I cant comment on the seller as I just bought this phone a week ago from Walmart and it is fabulous! I'm 21 and have never owned a smart phone, just prefer a nice simple phone that makes calls, can text, and occasionally look up a few things while on the go however, this phone has made me an android fan for sure! App world is the bomb, providing tons of music, directions, which are real convenient for me. I also enjoy the feel of the phone, it has some weight to it and feels of good quality, that along with the QWERTY keyboard and nice camera make this phone worthy of 5 stars. Also I accidentally locked myself out within an hr of owning but thankfully boost customer service was very compliant and helpful, once I got past their automotive voice mail (getting a phone rep can be a pain). Overall Very pleased with boost and the phone thus far.
