
This phone is easy to understand and use.  Very durable!!!  It met my expectations!!!!  I would recommend this phone for anyone that just wants a basic touch sceen phone!

The phone performs well, good call quality and the software is set up in an easy to understand and navigate manner. My only complaint lies with a current issue that has yet to be resolved which is that incoming text messages are given a time stamp 5 hours earlier than what the actual delivery time is. A minor problem but a problem nonetheless.

it wasnt for me but I didnt expect it to be so small and hard to use b/c of it being so small

I needed a basic phone that plays MP3 and videos. Processor is pretty slow compared to smartphone.  Video playback is choppy. Its a resistive touch screen. Onscreen QWERTY keyboard only, so makes it thin.  Typing for me was pretty easy, but those with thick fingers might find it difficult. 3G function is available but can't comment as  I don't use the 3G functions, otherwise basic features is enough for me. Overall this is an overpriced  basic phone. I bought it on sale for $50 but Its not worth that much.

Works how you would expect it too, some minor glitches and freezes happen occasionally, but nothing too annoying. Have had and used this phone for the past year, still working fine.

No problems with the phone, wish the pics were better but it meets all my needs. I might buy again.

the phone worked good for about 2 months then the charge would not keep, and  finally it died all together -information was being deleted.

phone was defective and returned - bought 2nd from ebay - it has been sent back to LG also defective - big disappointment as I think it would be perfect for my needs - still hoping!

Very disappointed phone stated unlock but came locked now have to pay to get it unlock.Ended having to spend more money

The phone was for my husband but once we got the phone he could not read the writing on it.  We did send it back due to it would not benefit us at all.  Overall I liked the phone but just wasn't able to use it

This phone locks up if you are not on a call. Volume is low.  Cannot get internet service or e-mails on it and the touch screen for your address book for calls sticks a lot. Not a great phone. I should of maybe spent a little more money for a better working phone to replace the old flip phone I bought from t-mobile several years ago.

I couldn't stand this phone. It did nothing. Actually the only thing I could do was talk and very little texting. I wouldn't reccommend this phone to anyone. So so glad that I have another one to replace this one.

hello! This product was delivered in excellent condition and at the right time but unfortunately it is not unlocked to Venezuela as it is for use with the company in the U.S. GO PHONE. thank you immensely they can help me to make a change to one that is UNLOCKED but for other states. thank you!

I bought this for my brother to use in Asian country. It works there really good. nice unlocked phone for sure.

Arrived in brand new, never been used retail packaging as advertised.  This is my second LG Encore. I had my previous one for at least five years. I am happy to find this phone still on the market. I don't like having to learn new features on a new, different make and model. This one fits my needs. Since it isn't a smartphone, it doesn't require a data plan. I am not happy that Cellphone Network Companies require you to have a data plan just because you own a smart phone. The Wireless feature on smart phones is what would be attractive to me. I don't have that advantage on a non-smart phone. Sorry...off topic.SPECIAL NOTE: After fully charging the phone, when I put my ATT SIM card in and powered on the phone, the message 'Purchase Go Phone Minutes'(or some similar verbage)displayed. My first thought was that the phone was defective. I read the UserGuide, which suggested cleaning my SIM card. After following this advice, my phone functioned normally.BOTTOM LINE: I  would recommend this phone for those of you who want a basic, touchscreen non-smart phone.

Phone looks nice, came unlocked, slipped the old sim card in & it was ready to go. Bought it for my 14 yr old daughter, rather then upgrading to a 4g phone with monthly media fee plan. since she usses it, her opinion of it was texting was iffy, screen freezes alot and is slow to change. best bet is to stay away from this phone. Good camera on this phone though.

By far worst phone I've ever had! Text page freezes and you have to shutdown phone to be able to text again. Can't shut off alarm during call. Touchscreen sucks but I guess what do I expect after having a smartphone for 3 years

I had bought this phone for my fiancee and He just loves it.It does a lot to be just a little phone.

Bought this for my child because I am not ready to pay for a smart phone.  The texting is easy and they figured out the functions quickly and easily.  Would recommend for parents that want a phone that is easy to text on, but don't want to pay for the smart phones.

this was a Christmas gift for my daughter.  She loves it and uses it now for her phone and texts

I've owned quite a few cell phone but this one has me baffled. The user guide and the phone are not the same. I can't figure out how it's suppose to function.

ADVERTISED AS UNLOCKED BUT IT IS NOT, IT'S MARRIED TO THE ATT NETWORK.  MINE BROKE AFTER LESS THAN 2 MONTHS.

Great price. Great product for no data plan commitment. Highly recommend to anyone not wanting a data plan on a phone

I really enjoyed this phone, it was simple and easy to use. The camera took really nice pictures if your objects were still. I had to send it back because the battery would not hold a charge. It decrease so fast over a 2 week period I was not even able to have a 5 minute conversation with out it dieing on me. This phone is a good phone I just gave it 4 stars because of the camera and having to send it back.

Works fine, small and easy to carry. Has many features. it's a great buy!Unlocked feature worked fine with my T-Mobile service without any problem.

Good phone but u cant download apps or music so advertising the 3 G is really useless. The camera takes really fuzzy pics. This phone may have been a great phone 5 years ago. Now its useless really.

I ordered this phone believing it to be an unlocked phone, as advertised. It is not. It is locked to AT&T though it is advertised as an unlocked phone. Unless you are an AT&T customer or intend on switching carriers, this phone is not for you.

My husband and I both have this phone. For a touch screen, it works pretty well. I like all the features and they are easy to use. The screen does play scroll crazy once in a while but I think that is typical for a touch screen. Battery life is pretty good, I plug it in every 2-3 days. I've had better but I've also had worse. I've dropped the phone a few times and it still works great, but it seems that it is designed to have the back pop off and the battery fall out if you even drop it from a couple inches above a surface. Sound has never been an issue, on speaker phone or otherwise. Not too many ringtones/alarms available but who really cares about that anyway? I'm not in love with this phone but I really don't have any complaints either.

i bought this for my son for christmas, he has had problems with it holding a charge since he got it, he didn't want to complain but finally told me, he stopped using it a while ago. also has a problem with having service

I have  this phone for Gift and got the phone in time. Recently gave it as Christmas Gift. I found that the phone is locked and not usable.

I found the instructions difficult to follow and after attempting to learn how to use this phone everyday for one month I gave up and gave it away to a friend who also complains about trying to learn how to use this cell phone!

This phone fits the bill for my needs.It is NOT a smartphone. I don't need a smart phone! I need a phone for talking and occasional texting, and this phone does both well. I would not recommend this phone for people who text all day, and have big fingers. The speaker is loud. The sound is great. The phone is light; I can barely feel it in my pocket. The touch screen works well enough. I bought this phone to use with PureTalk, and I wish I could remove all of the ATT apps that I do not need, but it is what it is and for the price I got it for, it can't be beat!

I Love it, is small, and easy to use for me. But it Was a mom's present, and the touchscreen is a little difficult fot her.

I bought this phone for my daughter and she is not happy about it. she says it freezes. And camera is bad. also said she cant change the message tone and ringtone. Bad phone.

I got this phone for my 9 year old daughter and she just loves it. It is simple and has a camera and texting which is all she needs. The touch screen works good for the phone. I would recommend this phone for any first phone for a young child.

This Phone meet my expectation and after three months this phone is working good. It is still early in the review process, but so far so good.

very nice phone , came in package . doesnt seem used or anything BUT unfortunatly when i put my T MOBILE sim card in it , it wont work.

I am frustated  because it blocks some services of my phone company ( I'm using it in Colombia), I believe I have to change the OS to see if it works...

I really liked the physical appearance of this phone but I find that actually operating the phone is another issue. Not working as it should.

The worst phone I have ever had. Not easy to use. Would not recommend. I guess you get what you pay for less is not always better.

This phone  is cheap but worth the buy for the features it has. Amazon thanks for this really affordable and simple phone

goodsimpleless weightsmallthis phone is very good to usebut i don't like 1 thing it have no WiFi

The phone was not what I expected for the price that I paid. It is mre along the lines of a pre-paid phone.

Do not buy only if is for an ATT service provider, I have Tmobile and it works horrible, bad connection, and loosing signal all the time. I HATE IT.

I had mistaken it  for the LG Xenon slider. Photo is a tad small and misleading on a mobile device. Maybe add a reminder that this is not a LG slider.

This phone is good for people that like touch screens.  I went from a qwerty keyboard to this, which was maybe not the best thing to do.  The screen has pretty bad calibration and you have to touch pretty hard and sometimes multiply times to get what you want.  It's a good phone to have for a short period of time, but already I am planning on not getting a touch for my next phone.  If you like touch screens then you will probably like this phone.  Otherwise I would not recommend it.

simple and good smart phone for people who are starting to use smart phone. i will suggest this smart phone.

I have  only had this phone for twenty-four hours and I'm already send in  it back. The battery fully charged dies within five minutes. But I would like the phone if it worked.

Thatsnt unlocked phone, I ordered this phone for use out of the U.S. and it says unlocked, but it was not. I now have to pay someone to unlock this AT&T go phone sent to me. Unhappy about this purchase and would not encourage anyone to purchase from this carrier

If you think that the "US Warranty" on this phone is anything like a normal warranty, you are mistaken.  I contacted US Wireless because of a large black dead spot which appeared on the touch screen of this phone, since there is no warranty paper in the box in which the phone comes.  Their response, quoted directly from the e-mail, is "We facilitate the warranty for the first 90 days. After the first 3 months, we suggest you to contact LG to take advantage of any factory warranty."There are all sorts of reasons to buy this phone; when the screen was still working, it is a nice-sized phone with good features and clear audio, and has no trouble grabbing a 3G network.  But if you are attracted by the "US Warranty" be advised that it is an extremely short one.

It makes and receive calls, and he can text with it. Can't remove the att mobile web. He regrets the day he broke the screen on his previous phone.

buy this phone for birthday gift give it to my son and it turns out when I get to try to turn it on and I have not tried every means but continues with the fault should check before sending the equipment that is in good condition because I would I've bought several phones and this is the first time it happens I want to respond about

returned immediately...phone didnt transition well between screens, kept freezing. much smaller than expected however i could have tolerated that if not for the other problems. ,

My phone is blocked all the time and sometimes I do not have network connection. When my phone is blocked, they asked me for a PIN number or a PUK and every time I have to go to the phone store department to enter the PUK code for me. It is kind of disturbing for me.

I did not pay so much on this cellphone but very satisfied with the unit.  You do not need to pay much for something that makes you happy. Thank you.

Product came as promised , however, the screen was damaged. The good news was that the product was easily refunded with no hassle.

Im only 16 so I don't have much cash. but this was perfect amount for me and it is an amazing phone. for the budget. if you are an avid texter i would not get this phone but if your in high school this is perfect for you.

THE LG-GT550 IS VERY NICE AND QUALITY PHONE WITH GREAT GUIDE INSTRUTION BOOK THERE ARE NICE VARIUOS THINGS ON THIS PHONE NO PROBLEMS AT ALLTHANKS DEE FERRELL USMC VET

good phonei

This phone is NOT "unlocked" at all. I traveled with it to the Caribbean hoping to insert a Sim card to have a temporary phone there. To my disappointment I could not use it.The LG GT550 Encore Unlocked Phone with 3MP Camera, GPS, 3G Support and Touch Screen - US Warranty - Black is NOT UNLOCKED. IT IS LOCKED VERY LOCKED.Poor sales gimmick. Prospective customers do take note!I want the code to unlock it. Please e-mail me the code

my daughter needed a new phone since she lost hers and is very happy and satisfied with this one..buy it

the phone is not what I expected and returning the phone has been a bad dream I lost money sending the phone back paying $17.25 for the register mail the box come back to me..... and I am still trying to see how I can return the phone .... I am loosing the amount of money I paid for the phone and the $17.25 for shipping back the phone which was returned back to me.  A terrible experience.

This phone was not unlocked.  It clearly states in the description that it is compatible with AT&T and T-mobile sim cards, but upon inserting our T-mobile sim card, the phone said AT&T sim card only.  I have ordered unlocked phones before and this is the first time I've had this problem.  I called Amazon and they said the only thing they could do was send me a prepaid label to send it back and refund my money.  Now I have to start over finding another unlocked phone and wait for it to arrive.  Hopefully the next company will be more reputable and actually send me a phone that is UNLOCKED!

Purchased from Walmart as a go-phone with AT&T;, thought to be a little bit reliable because from the big chain store and individually packaged. But the battery life is so short from the beginning. Regardless talking or not, I have to charge it everyday. A few months later, the screen developed a big black spot and some parallel black strips, which affect the display significantly. There were some occasions when I was driving and the phone rang, without doing anything, the phone automatically connected by itself and the callers were speaking, somewhat scary. The other complaint is that the typing is sometimes uncontrollable, meaning the capital letters will shift to lower case letters by itself, without my intention.The pros is that it paired with my car's Bluetooth without problem. The picture quality is fine. The talk quality is OK. Although with so many problems, I am still using this phone. Purchased one year ago, see how long it will last.

Great phone. Works well on Tmobile network. All you have to do is configure the settings so that the internet works properly. These settings can be found online. Great price!

When I first bought this phone, I really liked it, the touchscreen works great, the camera is good, and it doesn't freeze. the only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the touchscreen keyboard isn't responsive and always types the wrong thing. It can be very annoying. I only recommend this phone to people who aren't frequent text-ers.

My daughter likes this phone, but it has an imperfection in the screen.I gave this to her as a Christmas gift. She noticed there was a dot on the screen, as she started using thetouch screen throughout the day, the dot grew and is now a line of dots and is growing daily, not sure why this is. I decided to not to send it back, too much of a hassle, just won't get this phone again. I figured it was a factory imperfection, but not sure. It would be nice to have it replaced though.

Buyers be aware!  Although it's advertised as an unlocked phone, the phone supplied by ecomelectronics arrived as a locked AT&T phone.  The message on screen shows it will not accept any sim cards other than AT&T ones. I called AT&T but they cannot help and I failed to unlock it since any unlock codes have to be purchased on third party sites. Awful experience. Don't waste your time and energy.

I bought this phone for my daughter and it did some really weird stuff.  She was never able to make a call so I suppose it didn't work.  I also don't believe it was unlocked.  I don't know because we couldn't make any calls or set anything up because the home screen flickered like it was possessed.  The seller promptly returned my money and resolved the issue.

look this phone is pretty awesome for 3 graders up to 5 graders it is just so basic. the best thing about it is the battery life it stys for 3 days!!! the worst thing is that it gets pressure points very badly i had to get rid of mine because could barely see the screen.

the phone has some good features in it but the real problem is with the battery. when making a call battery running down (30 sec)

I was so looking forward to getting this phone.It arrived yesterday. This is probably my tenth phone.I knew something was wrong after a couple of hours whenthe battery wouldn't charge. This morning I tried again.It showed it was charged and then nothing. The phone justwouldn't work. It still could be a great phone, but the oneI received just doesn't work. I returned it today. If I don't getstuck with the return postage I will look for another one onAmazon. I have ordered several items here. This is my firstreturn. The phone is defective so I am hoping they will notcharge me for the return. I printed my own label and went intoa UPS store. The clerk said I will have to wait and see if I getfree shipping from Amazon. If I get my full refund I will bevery happy. If I don't I will be very careful what I order in thefuture.

Had hard time navigating through the icons using the touch screen. Not a good phone if you like touchscreen. Don't buy it.

On the 3rd day it started blinking in an out, the  4th day a thin red vertical  line appeared on screen than another and so.......on! Pay cheap, you get cheap

IM not happy with the phone it's not what I thought it was I don't mean to sound ride I am sorry if I do please device me

This is a review of the product and not the seller.  The seller has been more than responsive and best seller to work with.The wifi will not work, you pay for the service and internet use, but this phone is not able to search the internet and will not work....  I know the price is not comparable to other smart phones, but I was expecting it to at least work with the functionalists that they say that the unit will have....Not happy about the unit and wished I paid more and got better phone....

This phone is much smaller than it appears, the touch is unresponsive and the features are cumbersome. I hate this phone.

the LG phone is a great and simple phone to use. it is simple with great feature. recommend this phone.

Is good but slow for internet great for a back up phone when ur phone is mess up and u hav to tap hard just to have the text rite

HI I RECIEVED THE LG GT550 Encore Unlocked Phone with 3MP Camera, GPS, 3G Support and... I LIKE IT AND IT IS WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR. GOD BLESS YOU

The phone recieved has major problems. We bought this phone to use overseas and now it only works half of the time! The screen goes to black when a call comes in, the battery loses charge abnormally quick. Unfortunately we can't return it since we are not in the States. I wouldn't buy from this vendor again!

The touch screen is too jumpy. Whilst attempting to access a contact one can easily dial an unwanted contact. The screen has a 6mm blackout area. I need to avail of the warranty but cannot find the seller BREED.

This phone is much better than the previous model of like category.  It is more responsive to touch and doesn't turn itself on when carried in your jeans from pocket. Well worth the low cost of this phone.

it is just a useless stupid phone the biggest mistake of my life that i choose this stupid n unusable phone

It is much smaller than it appears and it doesn't have an alphabetic keyboard and it gives you the impression it has much more than what it is.

I cannot use this phone as the battery support is very poor. The battery stays for just few hours and then the phone switches of. The $50 I paid for this phone is a waste.

This phone is cheap and hence has a poor performance and weak battery life. Had no choice but to send back...

I wanted an inexpensive smartphone just for calls and text and it's working quite well. The virtual keyboard is small, but so is the phone. Calls are clear.  Since it's an unlocked At&T phone and I have TMobile, I can't get any good ringtones, but for the price, I'm really pleased.

I bought this phone as a back up until my renewal. It LOOKS nice but that's about it. I hated it after only having it for a few days. I ignored other's reviews thinking they were just picky. No, this phone is crap. It takes great pictures out in sunlight and that is about the only good thing I have to say about this. It randomly freezes and restarts. My settings change constantly out of nowhere. The texting is the worst. It barely recognizes when I hit a button and rarely types what I was trying to say. The texts I receive back have the strangest times on them. (ex. I will send a text at 7:50 PM and someone will respond but their text will say it was sent at 4:12 AM). The message icon will stay on the screen even if I don't have any messages. The whole phone is just a piece of junk but will work okay for me for a few short months. If I could go back and purchase a different phone I would have. Not happy with this. Don't waste your time or money.

I should have known from the price what to expect. Touch screen is poor, phone difficult to operate because of this. I did not bother to return it since I have no desire to see another phone like this.

It goes into emergency mode alot and it doesn't stay charges and I think that it is too slow for me

I had brought this phone to gift it to my newphew, but The phone received was damaged and defective, when I turn on the phone it had a thick black line coming on the screen. I will not recommend to buy this phone.

This phone sucks. I am using it for less than one and a half month and touch screen is unresponsive.Please do not go for this phone.

It's hard to review a product when it doesn't work. I'm guessing if I had one that worked maybe I would like it. So I am giving this a nuetral review. I had to return this item for a refund.

I bought from amazon. the phone seems ok and functionsl. the only thing i am bot satisfied is that battery is not powerful and need charging too frequently .

looks good at this price. But battery doesn't work properly.  could only make 3 calls after fully charged. I hesitated to return back. If a change is allowed, I would change another one to try.

this phone is LOCKED. FALSE ADVERTISEMENT. thanks for the waste of my time.  Don't put unlocked in your product description or title when it is a lie!!

The phone is good compared to the price.  The camera works very well and the pictures are clear.  Its a 3MP camera,

Just like a basic phone.I would not recommend. Some people don't spend much time on email/text/apps, its good for them though.

I bought this item in hope that it will work in Jamaica. I need it to be unlocked & international. Hopefully they are true to wording on this.

This is the second one I bought for my son and it already does not hold a charge.  After buying a new battery it still won't hold a charge, even thought the battery gets a full charge.  It is suggested to purchase a better quality phone.

Pefect for what I need. Does everything I need it to do and like the features of the phone very much

I bought two of these to use in South America for a two month trip, thinking it will be no problem.  The country that we will be in uses GSM, which is what this phone works on,  My wife had arrived a few days ago and I received a message from her that the phone does not work.  When she installed the local SIM card, the phone says locked, and she can do nothing.  She put the SIM in another old ATT phone we have that we unlocked, it works fine in that one.  I have contacted LG and they say they do not unlock there phones, that I need to contact ATT, but it is supposed to be already unlocked.  I contacted Amazon and they said contact LG.  I have also contacted the seller, but have heard no response back yet.  The second phone I have not been able to check yet.  It is more difficult for me because I am also overseas working in the middle of the ocean on a ship, so very difficult to make calls and wait on hold forever.  Maybe they are good phones, but if I cant use them, I dont know.  I am just very frustrated, because this was supposed to be something simple that has turned into a big deal.  I will repost onece I have more information, and hopefully get this sorted soon.

Unlocked as described and quad band so it can used almost anywhere in the world that uses GSM technology. Love it!

bought this phone for use in jamaica.  It cost so much to get it unlocked for the gsm providers there.  I would have been better off buying a phone directly there.  Not so happy about this

Touch screen did NOT work ... read online that I was not the only customer with this problem no matter how many you purchased.

all well and in perfect condition ... thank you very much .. 100% recommended ... although it may not lower the application of whats app..

Love this phone. I didn't want the expense of going to a G4 network. This G3 phone does all I really need and I can load a variety of Java applications as needed.

I bought this phone for almost a year now from amazon.com (06.27.2012) have accidentally dropped the unit a many a times( fortunately not in the wash room) but still intact. Battery and charger still at 100% working.Nothing more can I say , cons is it says wifi at the battery cover, but seems the WIFI does not work.

Noticing the cell phones are getting bigger and bigger with all the need for &#34;applications&#34;  I had to replace a Samsung Sunburst that worked like a charm for years.Basically it does the same , although I have noticed this LG touchscreen is very sensitive and I guess it will take some getting used to.But my goal was to have a basic phone I can slip into my pocket and not feel like I was carrying an IPad and this was the perfect size.

I got this phone yesterday and am returning it today. Navagating through the options is a hassle. You have to press hard when selecting an option. Once you select some options, you wait forever just to get no where. Texting is not an easy task and I'm an avid texter. If you want to access the web, forget about it. I was able to make 2 calls and the sound quality was great; this the only reason I gave it 2 stars. But, I bought this phone expecting it to do more than just make phone calls. And one of the calls took a few tries before it would dial.Pros: Ships fast, excellent sound qualityCons: Nothing else works, hassle, sore finger from trying to select options that don't work.

Es un producto compacto  y de facil acceso, es ideal para los principiantes del mundo tecnologico. lo recomiendo para todos en la familia.

I like the phone, however I ordered the phone due to the battery going dead, after it is fully charged, while I am talking to someone. However, it stays charged for texts. When I received the replacement phone, the battery was completely dead and I had to charge it.  Then it did the same thing when I received a call, it says low battery after talking to someone for a minute. Not sure what to do now.

hello good evening I have had problems with the phone, the chip does not read telefoso telephony as Venezuela is to unlock

This was my longest lasting phone, nice and affordable.  Got kicked around and knocked down more then twenty times.  The battery life was long.  Touch screen would was messed up, but I'd still configure it.

I purchased this as an international unlocked phone and this is not what was delivered I am disappointed. It would get no stars but you must put a minimum of one star

I GIVE IT A FIVE STAR BECAUSE THE PHONE WAS THE PROBLEM NOT THE SELLER AND I WAS HAPPY WITH IT AND WISHED IT DIDN'T HAVE THE PROBLEMS IT HAD AFTER A WEEK OF HAVING THE CELL PHONE.

I ordered this to replace an old phone - to keep from paying too much at my AT&T store for a new phone after I added a share line.  When I received this - it is a Go Phone and the package was in bad share.  The description of this phone is definitely misleading.  I'm not even trying to see if this phone works because I want to be able to get my refund for this phone.

it is a excelent phone . it was my mon and she is very happy with her new phone because LG is an excelent mark

I purchased an unlocked phone and but recieved a phone that was locked to AT&T. So I had to purchase the unlocked code since this was a gift and I did not have time to send it back.

I brought this phone for my friend she is old school and she doesn't want fancy and big phones but simple and small so I think this phone is perfect for her she's simple mobile user I hope this will work for her even though we haven't use it yet I still think this is a pretty nice little phone.

I had problem with it because it said to be unlocked it was not and I can not used with any of the phone companies in Venezuela. It is useless for me

este articulo yego antes de lo esperado fue genial el servicio la rapides el envio. nada de kejas super bn

I bought two of the same phone. Mine is working perfectly but the screen on the other is messing up. There are two spots that appeared on the screen and also it keeps freezing up every now and then. It has not been dropped or anything. I would like to send this one back and have a new working one sent to me please. It would be appreciated if you could let me now something soon.Thank You.

I used to have a Samsung Flight II, until it took a swim while I was at work. I loved the Flight II, and I was heartbroken when I found out at&t discontinued it and I wasn't willing to pay $150 even on Amazon to buy another one. I found the LG Encore, and thought it looked pretty good. I thought maybe it looked like a down-grade from the Flight II, but when it got here and I got it charged and running, it is a TOTAL upgrade!! I really wish I would have had the encore instead when I got my contract. Very easy to use, and it's size is perfect. Wonderful for anyone who is looking for something mostly to call and txt with, I don't use mobile web, so it suits me perfectly! I highly suggest this product!!!

for starters this smartphone gives you all you need. 3mp camera for quick shots and the cellphone works really good

did the job with no problems. I expected the same performance and value off a phone that I paid cheap price for. I shipped it overseas and my folks are happy with it.

This item lived up to my expectation.I could not have asked for more. The item was delivered in a timely manner, much sooner than expected. The only  draw back is that this is a phone that does not allow you to access the internet.  For me it did not matter. I gave it as a gift to my niece and of course all young people live to be online. Her parent thought it was a good phone that had the important features that was necessary. The quality was excellent.I would recommend the item and also  the seller. I am very satisfied.

This is a go phone. Not what the product description really says. Had to return it to get a real phone.

I bought this phone to replace my old one, unfortunately when I had to return the first one because it was defective. It takes them 2 weeks to send me a replacement so I have to went back and use my old one which was a pain.

it was for a present. and it looked as it was described. the person loved it. and it came in early then expected.

Hard to see the screen. Too small. Hard to use. Especially the key pad. Have to use a stylus or pencil. 50% of the time what you touch brings up another letter. Like the letter next to it. Clear key would bring up all kinds of things.

I Hate it...it isn't at all what I expected and the internet sucks...it doesn't allow you to post on any media sites, like facebook or instagram...ill keep it as a back up phone but that's about it...

It just doesn't work very well. The touch screen is constantly causing problems especially when texting. Several times the phone has frozen up. Not a good phone.

this phone was shipped quickly and for free... that is the only good thing I can say about it!  It is now just 5-6 weeks after purchase of the phone and it is literally worthless.  Battery won't hold a charge, therefore the phone is in-operable!  Spend a little more and get a phone that works longer than a month!

ok... is goods  tksOk  is good, tks , ok  ok  ok  ok  ok  ok  ok  Very nace, the order'm late but all well,

I bought this phone for my nieces. I ordered two because one of my friends is using it and she said it is a good cell phone.I hope it will work for my nieces.

Product smaller than pictures was advertised as an unlocked phone but wasn't and it was also a Gophone this bit of information was also withheld

I purchased this phone because I wanted a touch screen. The only problem is I cannot get on the internet or even receive picture texts. I have unlimited everything on my phone, and can' t get on the internet. If you need internet, then do not buy this phone. This is the strangest phone I ever seen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

No comments on this product.  You get what you paid for.  No comments no commnets no comments no comments no comments

LG GT550 Encore Unlocked Phone with 3MP Camera, GPS, 3G Support and Touch Screen - US Warranty - BlackI love it but no earphone was included in the package.The screen is anti-scratch.Good to use.so far so good.

Bought this for my 11 year old son and he loves it.  So far no problems.  He likes the no buttons feature.

I got this for my dad in Jamaica and the phone completely stop working after just 2 months. Phone will not turn on very disappointed with this item

one of the worse phone i ever ordered from amazon. my money is down the drain after 5 month of using this trash phone. be careful buying from amazon.

touch screen doesn't recognize touches unless there hard. and yes ive recalibrated. also the pixels are already broken and ive only had it two months. two months and I already have black areas on my screen? crappy product.

its a great phone, what i love about it is its light weight and how fast it operates. the unlocked code worked perfectly without any problems and currently using my own sim with it.

I like the phone, however, I can't install certain apps, such as Instagram, or other free apps.  I definitely liked the cost of the phone, it was a factor too in my purchasing it.It would be nice if I could exchange this phone to one that has the capability of installing certain apps.Is this a possible?

I found this smart phone to be more community college than Stanford....the unlocked feature worked well for receiving and making calls in a foreign land...but it got locked up when sending and receiving SMS.

Dont buy this phone , internet doesnt work .Though the phone is unlocked but still you could see the att sign on all apps.Tis phone shd cost 10 $ no more no less

Rilly cool phone at a great price. I love it got it for my daughter for Christmas can't what to see her face on Christmas morning.

This item is sold as an unlocked phone; it is not unlocked! This is false advertising, and I will have to pay extra if I want to unlock it myself.I'd like some retribution for this waste of my time.

The phone itself is fine.  The camera takes awful pics.  Even up close, it doesn't seem to focus properly.  It's a good thing I'm not picture crazy.  If so, I'd have sent this phone back based on that alone.

Brought the phone for my granddaughter but the features did not live up to what i was expecting.  Adaquate for day to day calls but texting is cumbersome and keyboard is small making it difficult to type.

I bought this phone for my 11 year old son and as it was his first phone he loved it.  Notice the past tense in the first sentence? Well, a month after he started using it, he can only send text messages, listen to music (headphones only) but cannot hear or be heard when he receives a call.  It was too late as the return window had expired when it went bad but take my advice and do not buy this phone and waste your money like I did.  The only reason I gave it one star is because I couldn't give it zero!

Great choice for a non-smart phone with no data plan required. But it does almost everything a real smart phone does without the extra costs. The only big thing that is missing is wi-fi and a radio. Big deal, cell phones were never meant for the internet anyway. But you can still use the GPS even just for a day if needed. You would be hard pressed to find another touch-screen non-smart cell phone with all these features.

the phone is ok the one thing I have to get used to is the keyboard to text. This phone doesn't have the slide out keyboard other then that its fine.

Phone works great. Excellent little smart phone for someone who does'nt want something too difficult to try to learn how to work.

this phone gets terrible reception! and the touch screen is hit and miss at best. texting with this phone is a nightmare!

This phone is slow and takes forever to type a text. No wifi features and it shows Bluetooth but it doesn't work.

I ordered this phone for use out of the U.S. and it says unlocked, but it was not. I now have to pay someone to unlock this AT&T go phone sent to me. Unhappy about this purchase and would not encourage anyone to purchase from this carrier

The phone was delivered on time and in excellent condition,however though it was unlocked as it was advertised, it had quite a few apps from at&t that are still on the unit that can only be used if you have at&t service. If they were removed then the unit would be truly free and clear for any service provider that you would choose. This is still a very good 3g phone. Maybe someone can advise me on how to delete the at&t apps/icons from the phone.

The purpose of purchasing this phone was good but I made a mistake in my decision to go with this phone.

It was a lot smaller than I expected and the functionality was not user friendly. The picture on the advertisement was deceptive.

wish that all phones would have the sims card in them. instead of customers getting themselves to get service so they can talk.

this product was horrible. I was not functioning at all. I was very dissapionted. not a good product at all

I really can't say much about it. Didn't buy for me, but have heard no complaints about the phone from the persons I got them for, bought 3 of them.

phone was used for some one who was ill and it was nice and modern looking and very easy for the patient to use.

Love the LG series of phones. Great phone, works great for our needs. I bought 2 of them. Over all a good phone.

Since arrival I can't make it work.  I'm a international buyer so I have the phone since last monday. I put it to charge until the battery full signal appeared I tried to turn it on but never could. I went to the technician he said that the battery was ok and the problem it's in the phone but to find the problem would take 3 days. Very disappointing. I'll write an update this friday.

Like and enjoy the phone for the cost and what it does ~ ! Not as good as say a greater cost phone but for what it is and the cost it is good/.

poor battery life and takes forever to aquire 3g signal.  It is gsm unlocked, but not compatible with the 3 g network.

this phone from this company works great for my son. he hasnt had any issues with it. its small and fits in his pocket just fine. he likes the touchscreen and i like that i dont need a data plan.

I would say the gist of this phone is that you get what you pay for. I bought it for my grandmother so that she could have a &#34;smart phone&#34; (she wanted a touch screen phone, she's pretty hip) but I didn't want to get her anything that would require a data plan.  So, I did some research, found this phone and figured it would fit the bill.  It works, but listen to the other reviewers, the touch screen is pretty &#34;touchy&#34; (pardon the pun).  It isn't super responsive and I wish I could have found something a little better, but that being said, it works just fine for my 88-year-old grandmother to have a &#34;fancy&#34; phone that takes pictures and has texting and is a touch screen, even if the touch screen is kinda lacking.  The biggest bonus to this phone is that it doesn't require a data plan and I could put all of my grandmother's speed dial numbers right on the third home screen so all she has to do is tap the picture of my mom and hit call to call her, which she loves!  Not a great phone, but a decent starter &#34;smart phone&#34; for the price.  :)

I chose it for is designing, touch screen light and unlock but what I don't like about it is there is no interment or radio.  So I give it (7)

I bought this phone because of the price. I have T-Mobile and so far it has not been a bad little phone. I have reception in an area I did not before. But I can not access the web nor get my email on this phone at all. But all in all it is a decent little phone.

i personal hate this phone, but my hubby loves it. so i bought a blackberry curve (like my old ph) that i love.  i love blackberry & after using this LG phone i will never switch from blackberry again.after using the LG for 1 wk i was so exasperated with it that i decieded it was worth the money to replace the LG with a blackberry.I must say the LG is a good phone if you like touch screen & like doing your daily stuff 1 application at a time. no multitasking withthis phone.NO zoom or flash on camera so it makes your picture awful.

When I first bought this phone, I really liked it, the touchscreen works great, the camera is good, and it doesn't freeze. the only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the touchscreen keyboard isn't responsive and always types the wrong thing. It can be very annoying. I only recommend this phone to people who dont know anything about phones

I Only Had This Phone A Few Days And Am Totally Returning It. The Screen Freezes Constantly, It Is Slow To Load And Respond, It Goes Scroll Crazy, And I Get Multiple Copies Of Texts Constantly; 4-5 Copies. Sometimes The Copied Texts Would Come In All At Once, And Others They Would Come In Over A Span Of The Following Hour. Totally Displeased With This Phone.

Have owned this a little less than a month.  This is not a smart phone, but a feature phone.  Since I don't use a cell for data, I wanted a feature phone, thereby saving $20 per month charge for data from my carrier.  I owned an lg vue previously and was reasonably happy with it, but it's outdated at this point, so decided to try another lg.  This is an AT&T "Go Phone"  though, you don't have to use it as such.  The touch screen is not comparable to something like an iphone, but you get what you pay for, so no complaints there since I went into it knowing that.  It is slow to process at times, which I can also deal with.  My biggest complaint is the texting glitch it has.  I'm still not sure what sets this off, but it seems if you get a text message's one right after the other, it causes it to see the messages as "still running"  This causes the phone to give you an error message, when you attempt to reply, which says,"text message still running". So far, the only way to get out of this loop is to turn the phone on and off.  I have tried to go into all folders and delete all stored messages to see if it would allow me to reply by text.  I thought the issue was connected to having a message in my draft folder, but not so.  I emailed LG support and all they could offer is suggestion to do a soft reset, in other words, turn phone off, open cover, remove battery, replace, and start again.  That's pretty lame.  There is no update to OS either.  I bought this on eBay from a reseller, who has indicated they are willing to exchange if I want.  So, I may not be stuck with it.  If you don't text much, you may find this adequate.  I send probably 200-300 texts per month on average.  That is probably on the low end compared to most cell users.

I have this phone and it is seriously the worst phone I have ever had. It doesn't charge and dies within like two seconds, and sometimes it just freezes and I can't even turn it off, I have to take the battery out to restart it. And you have to calbriate the screen about four times a day if you want it to work properly. And the storage for texts, photos, and videos is so small! And if you text a lot, do not get this phone. Also, if you drop it from like one inch, something,somewhere scratches or cracks. I do NOT reccommend this phone to anyone!

After recieve, i tryed to contact Ross but no answer, no email back. I still have the phone and cannot use bc i am not in USA. I would Like to change or have the password to unlock the phone.

I received the unit on time, I've been using, it worked just fine and I do not feel very pleased with its performance .....

Has more features than I expected and works, as of now, like a charm  Delivery was quick and the condition of the phone came without a scratch on it

Excelente

This was purchased and given as a gift. I have heard from friend that she loves it thank you very much

The phone has to many defects,the phone his alot of static and has chips around the inside of the glass

I gave this as a gift to my Cousin!. She charged it again and again for two days anf found that battry is dead!  what a disappointment for both of us!!

We got this phone to replace a lost one.  We later found the phone, so we added this one to another member of the family.  We are using it with T-Mobile which is and ATT tower user.  We can not use internet, and other features ATT offers because it is not their phone.  We primarily needed it to call our college student so the internet was not that important.  This is the fourth GT550 phone we purchased and all 4 seem to develop permanent black spots on the screen with use.  If you can afford it, get a phone higher up on the list.  If not, this one will serve as a &#34;phone.&#34;

excellent for the price, the only thing is that you can not customize the ring tones of other excellent mobile

this is a very nice phone and works wonderful with no problems!  Im very happy with it and the price was right

Great starter phone for my son!!  Calling, texting, calendar and a couple other things but not much internet or apps.  If he loses it or breaks it we're not out a lot of money and it's perfect for a 12 year old!

Bought this for my son. He says that some of the apps don't work, there isn't a zoom for the camera, and spots have appeared from touching the screen.

I originally had a samsung slider phone that seemed very similar to this one. It met all my requirements for a phone. If you don't want or can't get a smart phone, this is a great choice for the money. The only thing that I don't like about it is sometimes you will exit out of a message that you're writing to look at another message sent and you can't get back to the composition screen but it keeps telling you that message is already running. When this happens, you just have to turn the phone off and back on. But other than that it is a great phone

It wasn't unlocked. I had to pay to get it unlocked and there was no way to upload SIM CONTACTS

A week after I received it the screen cracked.I didn't get any use out of it.Since I paid my money it should've lasted longer than a week. Was very upset.

The phone was not completely unlocked. I even tried with the company that makes this phone and we couldn't get it completely unlocked. .

It is a compact, perhaps too compact cell phone. In order to fit all the basic functions like on/off, volume, apps access and so on all the buttons are tiny. I do have large hands, but this is the first cell phone to be almost inoperable by me. That is probably why it is so inexpensive. I'll stick with my G3 Samsung as a result and give this one to one of my grandkids who have the tiny hands capable of operating the phone successfully...

Before I decide to buy this phone, I have read all the reviews. But I bought it because of the price. I just wanted to use it for calling and texting, and did not want to pay much for just phone and become slavery to contract.Mine is unlocked phone, and have no problem to use with T-Mobile. I have used it for 3 days so far. I have not experienced any problem that other guys mentioned on the reviews. Phone is enough small and light to put it in small pocket. Functions are simple and convenient to manipulate. Touch screen and calling quality is enough good. If you have a touch screen accuracy problem for texting, just recalibrate it. There is a recalibrate function on the device.A couple of thing that I don't like is: 1) Camera does not provide enough good quality images. 2) It is not easy to control scrolling on touch screen. (I am not sure this is a device problem or mine). Except for these two problems, everything is ok. If you guys like to use internet on phone, you need to buy bigger and more expensive ones. If not, this phone is enough good.

This phone is horrible, when text come in you don't even know what time the text came through. It will tell you that you have so many messages and when you check you could only have one. I took it to the ATT store and they couldn't figure it out. It's so small it's hard to even operate it without good all over the place. Just aweful.

I choose this product because I didnt want an Iphone, so I' ve choosen something similar. It's cheap and worth it.The only thing is a little slow, but it's Okay

This phone is crap (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006QNKQOU/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00). I ignored other's reviews thinking they were just picky. The whole phone is just a piece of junk. If I could go back and purchase a different phone I would have. Not happy with this. Don't waste your time or money.

I'm so far extremely pleased with this phone.I had zero problems with setup and so Far It works exactly as expected.Consumer cellular is my carrier and all I had to do was slip in their card and charge the phone.I looked for a long time for a great simply touchscreen phone and this one fits my needs.

this is the cell phone i purchased which i really liked but i had an accident it fell out of my hands going down the stairs at home and i hadn't yet received the orange skin i purchased for it and to my luck it fell under a moving vehicle and it was smashed and did'nt work after that so i had to discard it. but it was a very nice phone.

Great item very nice phone not will a great internet capacity but not bad as a gift to offer to someone. That all

Bought 3 of these cell phones as gifts and all three of them had screen issues. One developed 3 black dots across the screen, one developed black lines and dots, and one developed black lines and zzzzzzzzzz across the screen. Because of these deffects, I rate them just ok. Nothing to write home about.

lg brand i like very good cell phone complies whit thechnical specificationsCumple con lo descrito en el catalogo de funciones

The LG GT550 cell phone supplied by Ross Cellular seems like a fine phone but the battery will not hold charge and I seem to have no way to get it replaced through Amazon or Ross.

I need to return this phone, it doesn't work.  it was a bad purchase, hope i get my money back.  I hate it!!!!  I am giving a poor rating on this phone.

Advertised under Verizon Unlocked Cell Phone search, but not a Verizon compatible phone.  I had to send phone back for a refund.  Could not use.  Wasted $ in Shipping Charges for something not advertised properly.

My son is very happy with it. I was looking for a good and cheap phone and I found it.

The phone that I purchased was small  but  simple to use ,the features were adequate for my use. keyboard is  small
