
The whole phone was in Chinese!! How the heck am I suppose to use it? I bought this phone as a gift to my mom, I'm so embarrassed. I need to return the phone and get money back!

Have been an apple person forever , but Samsung  lured me away with what I thought would be a long lasting  updatable phone . But  I'm stuck with a phone that is already out dated as far as the first jellybean update.oh yer I still can't get that update on the phone yet (4.12) and as far as any other I've been told that's the last for my phone .anyway I'm not happy ,!

Edits a/o October 2, 2012 (the international version, Note I): Still 5 stars! As soon as the Note II is available in the US, I am buying it, though this time I will buy it through my carrier vs. an international version so I can take advantage of the LTE. My phone has gone through several system updates--all went flawlessly. I believe Jelly Bean is just around the corner. This is an awesome phone. I could never go back to the small iPhone screen. I eventually dropped my phone enough times to crack its screen (the crack extends from the lower left corner to upper right corner). After cracking the screen, I applied a screen protector film and the screen continues to work perfectly, despite the crack, as does the Wacom stylus--no hiccups in execution of drawing, etc.Edits a/o April 18, 2012 (the international version): Had to add that I've been using this phone for a few months now and I still marvel over it. I have dropped it several times and have noticed no scratches or problems--I am using the BoxWave Samsung Galaxy Note case which clearly is doing its job to protect. I was unable to cleanly apply any of the screen protector films, so am relying only on the BoxWave case. The volume rocker position is the only element that doesn't seem quite right. I hit it by accident sometimes when taking pictures or powering down the phone. I love the phone's size. When I look at my husband's iPhone now, I just can't imagine using a phone with such a tiny screen. I look forward to seeing this phone evolve. And now that AT&T; is selling the phone, I am running into people on the street who are asking about it or want to stop to compare notes because they are so excited about it.I also purchased the Hyperion batteries for my Note and they have worked very well. The back comes off easily, making it a snap to swap.Original:I have given this phone a 5-star rating because I can't find any fault with it. The phone is slick and beautifully designed. I had planned to wait till it came loaded with Ice Cream Sandwich, but am finding the interface very intuitive (even as an iPhone user). Still, I've downloaded the online manual because I keep discovering surprising features and I suspect there are things I will miss if I don't review the details.I switched from an iPhone 3GS. (My husband has the 4S and he grudgingly admires my NOTE--a lot!) When placed next to an iPhone, the Note's screen seems gargantuan, but after using it for a few days, it seems natural and not outsized.I did have trouble getting the Note set up and here is my account:My phone is the German version of the Note. I started to use the phone with wi-fi before inserting a SIM card. When I took the Note to a small AT&T; dealer, he removed my SIM from the iPhone and inserted into the Note. The phone could make and receive calls, but would not connect to the internet. I had entered the APN settings I had found online. He tried changing my data plan to tablet vs. smartphone. That didn't work either, so he changed the data back to smartphone. I then tried some new APN settings mentioned in this amazon review string (for cingular). Those didn't work either--until I did a factory reset of the phone. Then everything worked perfectly.I have also dropped the phone from eye level. I was framing a picture and my dog suddenly jerked the leash when she spotted a squirrel. I dropped the phone and it landed, fortunately, on a patch of dirt/grass next to the sidewalk. There were no scratches and everything continued to function as before. The case I had ordered hadn't arrived yet, so I count myself as lucky.Oh, and best of all, the Wacom stylus/writing feature is amazing! I use a Wacom tablet on my PC and this seems to work better. I don't have to struggle with any settings to get the pressure sensitivity to work and the stylus itself is very responsive. Another reviewer said he snapped a photo of his Christmas tree, added a note to it using the stylus and then sent it off. I tried the same thing and it all worked as advertised!The volume rocker and power button are in the same position, on opposite sides of the phone. I find I hit the volume rocker by accident sometimes, but that's just a minor quibble.Again, I give this phone 5 big stars: *****

Owned for 1 year. Root attempts: 1 (success first try) I loved this phone when i first got it but now that i own a Note 2 the Note 1 seems a little slow to load apps after having a few aftermarket background processes like yahoo mail, auto sms, multiple game auto update's etc.Pros:-replaces a camera, phone, tablet, and most desktop PC programs. No need to carry a ton of gadgets.This fits in your pocket!-very fast with stock Android OS-Dropped it twice with case and took zero damage.-Even with only 8GB internal and the 8GB SD i have, i never really seemed to run out of space but using Google+ auto picture/video upload feature is highly recommended because you can just delete the videos once they are on Google+-Pros definitely outweigh Cons, so i do recommend this product but if you can afford to get a Galaxy Note 2... get the International N7100 instead... every thing loads faster and the 2GB RAM on Note 2 makes a HUGE difference.Cons:-Somewhat little laggy with Jellybean 4.1 or higher-Battery doesn't last very long with normal to medium-heavy use, especially after installing a Jellybean ROM. I recommend having at least 1 spare batteries to swap out in the middle of the day if you play a game here and there.-Lose about 5 to 8 feet of range on wifi if you have a protective case on it but this seems to happen with all phones or ipods that use wifi.

I recently purchased a Galaxy Note with AT&T; voice and data.  So far I have been very satisfied.Pros:- large screen makes web surfing, composing emails, and other interactive tasks much easier than your average sized smartphone- display provides excellent quality images and graphics- touch screen easy to use and adequately responsive- ability to add extra memory (through SD card) and works with many accessoriesCons:- power consumption seems higher than average, largely due to display use - I normally need to charge it each night- Many people like myself probably have little use for the pen and right now there are few applications that use itThus far the size has not been a problem for me.  I have no problems carrying it in most of my pockets - even with the protective case I have it still is very thin and barely notice it.  Almost anything I could do on an Android tablet I could probably do on this phone.  Some people may find it oversized.  I think it depends on how you plan to use it.  If you want the capabilities of a tablet with the portability of a smartphone, and still be able to use it as a phone, then it's great for you.  If you plan to use it most of the time as a phone and some of the time as a smartphone/tablet, then you may want to checkout another device.

Like the excellent, well-written review by Juwan I. Hayward, I also ordered this from Clove Technology in the UK because I didn't want to wait for it. I had not anticipated that I would be able to get it so soon from a vendor via Amazon (with the exchange rate, it cost me a little more than $100 more than it can be purchased here). Of all of the many gadgets and phones I have owned in the past 30 years, this is by far the best and most superior gadget I have had the privilege of owning and using. It really is a perfect mini-computer. I could conceivably eliminate most of my other gadgets and just use this device. It is small enough to put in most pockets (especially jacket or pants).I go nowhere without it. It is superfast, with a beautiful screen. I use it for playing music, playing games, reading Kindle and ePub books, reading and editing documents, taking notes, surfing the web (in addition to the excellent Android Browser, I love the Dolphin Browser and even occasionally use Firefox for Android), reading news feeds from Pulse and News360, checking Facebook and Google+, taking candid pictures (it also has a good-quality front-facing camera for video chats, which I have yet to use), and all of the many other things one does on today's smartphones and tablets. I have heavily invested in the Android ecosystem, and it really has no noticeable weaknesses compared to iOS (iPhone/iPad/iTouch). This one device combines all the best attributes of a smartphone with those of a tablet, and it is more portable that the normal tablet of today. I own a top-end tablet, and I find myself using it rarely since getting the Samsung Galaxy Note three weeks ago.Lastly, it has a pen. I love the pen. This device is remarkable and outstanding without it, but the pen really does take it to another level for me. I use it for drawing, doodling, taking notes, having my notes transcribed (the transcription software delivered with it is quite good), and use to more efficiently play games and such. It is really the icing on the cake.I highly recommend the Samsung Galaxy NOTE. It could conceivably be my go-to device for several years to come.

Purchased from TRD-Trading GmbH through Amazon - both AAAAA+++++++++Battery-1st off I disagree with some of the other reviews that the battery life is simular to other Android phones. It's not. The battery life on the Note is 3 times better ! This is the 1st device that I have been able to leave the " Internet Hotspot " feature on all day and at the same time talking, pushing email, and sending receiving texts for 12 hours straight with 40% battery to spare. I cannot seem to run out the battery on this Note in a day no matter how much I use it !!Display-As I former iPhone 4s user I was a little worried about outdoor display readability. The iPhone 4s was great for outdoors so I was not willing to compromise up grading to the Note. No disappointment here. The funny thing about the Note's display is it seems to actually get brighter the longer it is exposed to direct sunlight. If you work out doors as I do this Note is perfect.Radio reception/ call quality-Excellent on both.S-pen-Smooth as silk. It's like writing with the perfect pen that you just cannot ever seem to find at the office supply store regardless how much $ you spend. ONE GRIPE THOUGH, IT IS WAY TO EASY TO ACCIDENTLY TOUCH THE NEXT PAGE/ SAVE BUTTON WHILE HANDWRITING A NOTE. SAMSUNG, THIS NEEDS TO BE DEACTIVATED WHILE WRITING!!!!!Speed-No hic ups, no lag, just smooth and fast app switching and loading.Speaker-This is the one area where it does not keep up with the iPhone 4s. The speaker is plenty adequate, but not as loud as it should be for a phone of this power and size.Build-Solid as a rock.Size-This is what had me on the fence for a little while. Takes a couple days to get used to it. Once you have you will not be happy with the smaller display device any longer. Now that I have been using the Note for a month I decided to pick up a iPhone and a Galaxy Nexus just to see what I used to be used to. No dice, I'm telling you once you get used to the display, larger keyboard layout, and performance of the Note there is no going back!!Samsung Hit the ball out of the park with this one.Just wanted to share some APN setting in case current Note owners are having issues with MMS on AT&T-;Name-  AT&T;APN-  wap.cingularProxy-  (not set)Port-  (not set)Username-  [...]Password-  CINGULAR1Server-  (notset)MMSC-  [...]MMS proxy-  [...]MMS port-  80MCC-  310MNC-  410Authentication type-  NoneAPN type-  internet + mmsGo get yourself a Note. you won't reget it.

I love the Note. Haven't found any problems yet. I just wish I had more time to explore the nuances of the apps that make use of the pen. You really have to take some time to practice using it and get your skills honed. Once you do that, you can take this thing into a meeting and leave the paper notebook behind.So far I can't think of any thing i don't like. I have big hands and can dial with one hand in portrait mode. When I first started using the Note I asked my family if it looked odd when I held it to my ear, talking on the phone. Everyone thinks it looks fine. But don't get me wrong, the first thing people say when they see this phone is, "wow that's a big phone."Battery life so far is about the same as other Android phones I have owned. The screen is amazing. Using the radio is something I love and I know that when AT&T; comes out with this phone next month the radio will not be in it (just like my Galaxy S II). This phone came from Germany and so I didn't have to suffer from AT&T; messing with the phone or the native apps.

Beware-- this phone is an International version which is slightly different than the domestic version.  As such, the quick-start manual came in Spanish and some vendors' apps will now download because they are unfamiliar with the model number.  This may be because the phone is so new, or it may be because of it being an International version-- it is not yet clear.  The TiVo app, which I enjoyed on my former smart phone, does not even show up in the download list.  When I go to the TiVo website, it tells me my phone is incompatible, yet is SHOULD be, so I suspect that TiVo has not entered this model in its database yet.Also, I tried to use this phone with my Consumer Cellular account, taking the SIM card out of my Motorola Bravo smart phone and plugging into the Samsung Note.  I could make calls and I could connect to WiFi, but 3G/4G did not work.  Consumer Cellular told me that it won't because they didn't install their software on it.  So, I had to switch carriers to AT&T; for $30/mo more than Consumer Cellular was charging me.  Since the phone is slightly different, not all of the AT&T; features work and, of course, their custom software and apps are not pre-installed.Bottom line?  I LOVE the phone but not sure that the hassles I incurred are worth the savings by buying through Amazon.  In retrospect, I might have been better off to just buy the phone for $300 from AT&T; and agree to the 2-year contract.  My intention was to use it with Consumer Cellular, but that's not happening because of THEIR lack of flexibility.  I guess having an unlocked phone is good because if/when Consumer Cellular or other GSM phone provider will support it, I can switch-- which I could not do if I have an AT&T-supplied; phone (what I was told).  The phone itself is awesome, readable with old eyes, has a sharp display, a great touch-screen, a stylus to avoid fat-fingering small items, and more.  I wish the audio was a wee bit louder, but it is acceptable.  A built-in FM radio is way cool, too!So, I would not discourage this purchase, but I think the seller should have been up-front about it and say that it is an International version.  If it does, and I missed it, my bad.  But, it SHOULD be more prominently placed in the description.

I purchased the Note after reading the review and then following up with Juwan I. Hayward.  After about two weeks I'm now getting used to the phone after departing with my blackberry. As the commercial goes "I'm lovin' it!" Interaction with the web is a breeze and I like the fact that I can switch to WI-Fi when the service is available. I was able to sync it with my facebook and linkedin connections but for some reason I can't seem to edit them.  For instance, if the linkedin connection doesn't have a telephone number and I get it for the person, I have to create another contact rather then just edit the old one.I was not able to sync my ical calender on mac with the phone.  It does sync with google calendar but I have to add things to google first. Have not been able to find an app that does that yet but I'm certain that one exists.  Moving itunes songs was a synch using the settings modes but movies was a problem. Still working on that.If you're a BB user, there may be some features that you will miss but the large screen and the added features, such as voice talk, which is a speech to text app, you'll enjoy.  Oh, battery power seems to last only for the day but I have a car charger and and use the desk charger that came with it so it's manageable.

I have owned the Samsung Galaxy Note (SGN) for 1 day, and I am very impressed by the device. I have previously owned iPhone 3GS and this is my first Android device. The first thing you will notice is the size, which you will get used to very fast. Then the screen, wow, the colors are amazing. I am an avid use of the Google Empire and the Google Apps works great on Android. Battery life seems fine. Today I talked for 5 minutes with SGN and the size seems fine.Here are two reasons why I reduced 1 star1) The photo's color. While it looks great, it seems to me that the SGN is artificially saturating the color. Take a look at the "user images" for SGN for a comparison between iPhone 4S and SGN.2) Scrolling in the facebook app is not smooth. You should see the difference by keeping iPhone and SGN. The pages scroll very smooth on iPhone while the stutter / jitter of GUI scroll text is annoying in SGN .I will keep posting the updates.

I've had the Note for a few days now. I was waiting to test drive it for a bit before I posted a review. Coming from the Captivate, this thing is ridiculously fast. Not a hint of lag in any way whatsoever. Quite a few minor upgrades from Froyo, swype is even better. Great speaker phone, sound quality. This is the Android experience I have been looking for. The stylus thingy, pulled it out once or twice but haven't found much use for it, I'm sure there is use for it but will find time to figure it out. As for the size and screen, the first time I saw it, I said to myself "what the hell have I done - this thing is silly big". Then I used it for 10 seconds and that thought changed to "where have you been all my life?" I can never go back to a small screen. The extra row and column for apps on the home screens is great. You can use those giants widgets you never used before cause you were trying to save screen space. You can actually surf and feel you're not struggling and it is an almost tab experience. You do get the odd stares with it stuck to your face, but who cares. I am retraining my thumb, as it is a bit of a stretch to hold it with one had and use the same thumb to do everything but small price to pay for this beautiful screen. It is only 1" longer and .75" wider, fits nicely in my back pocket still. Anybody who is a droider and has been thinking about getting this thing - don't wait. This thing is incredible, amazing and a pleasure to use all the time. Slightly too big for some, but I would call this the best device I ever had.

This phone is perfect if:1. You really don't see the need for a separate tablet device with a separate data plan2. You have big hands and don't mind the size3. You are more artistically inclinded and can appreciate the s-pen or just miss good ol' fashioned writing4. You watch alot of videos (netflix, youtube.etc)5. You surf the web alot on your phone.Pros:1. Large beautiful display2. S-pen3. Easy to use4. Solid camera/videoCons:1. The large display is a big drain on the battery. The only way to get respectable battery life is to keep the display brightness at the minimum.2. You need to remove the battery to insert/remove sd card3. No dedicated camera button4. The back feels really fragile when being removed. It's good and solid otherwise though

The best: I only need to have the Galaxy Note.  I don't need the iPad and the iPhone any more.  When I travel, only I'll carry my Galaxy Note.

Got mine from Craigslist, so you won't see the "verified purchase" stamp. This is by far the best phone I've ever owned. It is a compromise between a phone and a tablet and it's perfect! Nowadays, don't we all text more than talk on the phone? So why should the size bother you when talking is a secondary function anyway? But if you're the type that actually talks on the cell more than playing around with the "smart" features, then maybe you should fine one that's a bit more comfortable to hold. At first I was also weary and conscious of the size. But then my wife made a very poignant comment, she said.. "You don't talk much on the phone anyway, so why should the size bother you?" She's absolutely right, texting, browsing and multimedia is what I do most. So why sacrifice screen real estate? A tablet is too big and would require me to still have a phone. This is the perfect combo! After playing around with it, I could not go back to the galaxy s2's 4.5 inch screen. Get it and don't look back!!

Beware of this tablet phone has no 1600 mhz band to run T-mobile 4g speed, it runs on Edge, 2g speed very very slow for uploading or to stream youtube is frustrated. 4 stars from me because the phone is excellent built, if the price dropped in haft i would buy this gadget again, use its wifi on hotspot, as pda and portable camcorder.

I just came back from a business trip in China in which I got the HK version of this phone.  It is incredible.  Best phone&tablet; I have used so far.  I've used the iPhone (original, 3G, and 4), Samsung Galaxy S along with HP Touchpad, the iPad and original kindle.  With this phone, I no longer have to carry a tablet or an e-reader!It is fast, responsive, and the screen is downright gorgeous.  I have used it extensively to check emails and it is SO much easier to type email and view documents on this then on the iPhone or small Galaxy S.  I can type extremely quickly when it is in portrait mode.  I also downloaded the kindle app (after rooting the phone and using market enabler for Verizon).  I was able to read my ebooks without a problem.I'm currently using this on the AT&T; network and i did NOT have to add a new APN.Honestly, best phone/tablet by far!*** Dec 23, 2011 Update ***I have used my phone extensively in the states now for the past two weeks:- 3G Speeds: I do not have 4g service but I've been getting consistent 3g Speeds of 2.8Mps for downloads and 600Kps uploads. Speedtest.net. I have a business account with AT&T; and I will update my data plan to 4g in January.- I have not received any warning messages from AT&T.;- I'm sorry, I will not post the IMEI number for my phone.- the size of the screen makes it extremely handy viewing ppt and pdf files. Awesome- there was native bloatware that was preloaded with this device from hongkong that can't seem to be installed. I still have no idea what it does except for eat RAM.-overall, absolutely the best phone I've ever owned.

I bought one of the international unlocked versions here on Amazon, and it's been a great device. This was a replacement for my buggy-as-heck Dell Streak, and I couldn't be happier with the performance of the Note versus the Streak. I know the size isn't for everyone, but I love it. I can browse the Web without having to squint, pinch the screen, or scroll. Processor is nice and fast, and colors are sharp. Never used the stylus, but it's a nice addition for those who like that kind of thing.I'm always surprised that these extra-large phones don't gain more traction than they do. They're like having a phone and a small tablet in one device, and who wouldn't be interested in having to lug around one less device?Downsides: battery life is on the short side (but that's to be expected with a device of this size, I suppose), and I've had the phone spontaneously reboot on a couple of occasions. So it's not perfect, but for my money, it's the best mobile phone out there today.

Simply amazing phone. I've had it for just over two weeks and can't put it down. I could never get the hang of a touch screen until now. To say I'm impressed is an understatment. Swype is so easy  to learn on this phone.  Video quality and speed is so nice.  Book reader is so nice!  Don't be afraid...you will never look back.

This is a Phablet, Bought it cause I thend to exagerate many thing but this is a must have for me, I have traveled over my country and without this valuable tool I might have LOST the way so many times, thanks to google maps I always find the place I'm looking for, but that is no all, It's because this phone is so fast I can always relay on it as compass GPS, all other stuff are already reviewed. I have rooted it and tryed many kernels and roms And I found that the best are always the stock.My wife GT9001 is not so good to compass GPS functions like this as it tend to lag on everything, but with this always realtime location even coming from off screen.

Well after reading all the reviews I decided to settle on the Galaxy note eventually after much debate between this and the iphone...I bought it in early February and got it shipped to the UK as it was cheaper buying here in Euros than getting it on Amazon.co.uk. I've been using it extensively for the last 2 months. Other reviewers have made plenty of comments on the various features so i will try and keep that in summary form. I always want to know what's bad about a product when I buy it so I've focused more on mentioning the bad. However despite some of its shortcomings it is still the best phone I've ever used - the good outweighs the bad by miles.I must say that I travel between two coutries a lot and in my home country (Sri Lanka) I use this purely as a tablet with a sim that is only active for data. The other half of my time (I spend around 10 days every month in Bangladesh) I use this as my local mobile phone for calls and internet/email. However I donlt get that many calls on this when in Bangladesh compared to my regular phone.Please note that unless specified otherwise I am using all the `stock' programs for things like email that came with the Note.Firstly, what's great about it:1. Screen - excellent - the perfect size for reading emails, web browsing and especially great if you use it to read work related attachments such as spreadsheets because the screen size menas you have less scrolling around to do and the text is crisp and clear. I honestly cannot see and difference in resolution on this compared to the iphone's retina display although 'technically' the retina display has a higher resolution. If anyone can actually tell the difference i@d probably be willing to bet a lot of money that to the naked eye the difference is inconceivable. In terms of colours i think the colours on the note are actually brighter and more vivid.. but i might just be a bit biased here2. Watching Videos - Simply Awesome resolution and vibrancy etc. I've got a few HD videos which I've watched on it and it is awesome3. Wi-fi hotspot  - Just love the fact that I can share the data connection4. Kies Air - Samsung's excellent tool that allows you to transfer anything on to your phone form any laptop over the air (without the need for any cables).5. The Visidon Application (free) - this app uses your fornt camera to allow you to selectively lock certain apps using face recognition. Yes, I too was sceptical and thought that it would take a long time to recognise your face. However in bright light it takes less than half a second to do the facial recognition. It is a problem in low light but it has a password override feature. Now I give my phone to friends with no qualms - safe in the knowledge that they can play around with it, browse the net, watch youtube videos.. but cannot go and put in silly Facebook updates on my behalf because I have locked access to the facebook app. Because it allows you to select which apps you want to lock it is great. Even settings and things like access to your photos and files can be locked in this way. A must have app!!6. Contacts integration with FB and Gmail - works like a charm. I have phone numbers of people on FB and everything gets updates as long as they update their profile. It also logs activity of that person so you know what you've been doing with them.7. Portability - it is excellent to have something that is equally good as any tablet that I've used always on you. It just fits in your pocket and stays with you. Simply great!Neutral:1. Phone size - donlt believe anyone who says its too big. I've got just a 32 inch waist, am 5'10" tall and weigh 68kg... so not a big person and the phone fits perfectly well in all the trouser/jean pockets that I've worn. ZERO discomfort. Once you've got used to the screen size on this baby you simply cannot go back to a smaller screen.2. Camera quality - is excellent in low light but I found that the iphone's quality is better. Not a problem for me because I rarely use it for snapshots and when I want good pictures I use my dslr.. not my phone! Works great for scanning business cards and even paper/magazine articles and advertisements.3. S-pen - I've used it a few times and was excited about the ability to just write down notes as opposed to carrying a book with me... but unfortunately it isn't that practical to do this. I have used this on occasion to take a photo and scribble on top of this photo (prices of things like floor tiles with an image when I was looking at refurbishing the house). Overall not used as much as I thought I would - I am not into sketching at all!!4. Siri-like voice assistance - not really used this much at all except when driving, but even that was occasionally only. A car with  good navigation/bluetooth system would be able to handle the outgoing calls equally well so this was not a particularly impressive feature for me.Things I don't like:1. In MS Exchange you cannot select which folders to sync it just syncs all your folders I think.  I would have liked to be able to sync every single email in my Inbox and `follow ups' folder. Unfortunately syncing `ALL' (date range) made the phone unusably slow. I have to then settle for syncing it for `one month'. Whilst this is not a major problem it would have been nice to be able to really individually select which folders to sync. I have found paid software available that allows you to do this, but I think the stock application should have catered to this.2. Cannot sync Outlook Notes - The `notes' in outlook just wont sync. I used to use this feature extensively but have now had to stop using it which is a bit of an annoyance. There is talk that ICS will include NOTES synchronisation for Outlook but I've not tested it yet so can't say for sure. For the moment I make do by installing Evernote, which has more functionality overall and also addresses my main need which is to have my notes synced across various devices. But it was still a disappointment3. Calendar doesn't auto sync(I've turned off the general autosync feature for applications) so when I look at the calendar I sometimes forget to sync it and there is a cance you could miss appointments. Not been an issue for me personally because I still get the reminders on my blackberry. But it has prevented me form moving completely away form the BB and using this as my primary phone.4. Email program has an annoying habit of not letting you open the attachments until body of email is downloaded. Sometimes embedded images in email bodies take ages to download especially if the email trail is long and there are 40 emails before it. This really seems silly to me.5. You cannot individually select which applications are allowed to auto sync, this is more a problem with Android than the Note though. I would have ideally like to have said that my Email program and my Gmail program are allowed to sync data automatically but for all other programs I would have preferred to do it manually. As far as I could see you can either ask all to sycy auto or none!6. On a few occasions there was an email or two that simply would not come on to the Note. It was showing on my Laptop in outlook as well as on my Blackberry torch, but it simply would not come on the note until I forwarded it fomr the BB back to myself... then It came!!!7. Battery Life - On the occasions I was using it as a phone cum tablet, the battery seemed to always die before I was ready to go to sleep. Even if you use it as only a tablet for emails and web browsing plus a bit of facebook the battery dies by evening time so i typically need to charge it again when i get back form work. I have found, however that by turning off WCDMA and leaving it only on GSM mode that the battery tends to last longer. The only downside of doing this is that web browsing and especially if you are lookingat youtube videos the speed gets slow.8. Google maps - unbelieveably accurate even in the asian countries I've been using it in like Sri Lanka and Bangladesh. What a lot of people might not know is that this has an additional GPS technology that allows it to communicate with more satellites than your average phone. (I cant remember what it is technically but imagine that usually you can get only the US satellites, so if you donlt have one close by.. your location accuracy gets affected.. the note has A-GP and Glonass technology which translates to better accuracywhen  pinpointing locations. Also the large screen is a definite advantage here!Conclusion:If there was an iphone with the same screen size would I have bought the iphone instead - most certainly yes!! Why? Because ios is still sleeker and less buggy and some of the apps are better. But, until Apple starts catering to people who actually want to have at least some options as opposed to ONE option in terms of form factor etc I'm sticking with my note! I donlt normally do reviews but this product was so great that I thought others deserved to know!

I received my Note (International Version) about two days ago. I am stationed in Germany and it still arrived ahead of schedule. The phone was delivered unlocked as advertised and it works very well with my telecom sim card. In order to get 3g to work on this phone, you have to enter the APN settings for your cell phone company. I was able to google APN settings for my network and now my phone works very well. One of the features I like the most is that the phone automatically switches from 3g to wifi once it recognizes a preexisting connection. It is a HUGE smartphone/tablet. Therefore, I use a motorola bluetooth headset or the speakerphone with it most of the time. It also comes with a corded earpiece to talk on. Although it is large, it is very thin and lightweight. It fits easily in my jean pocket or my coat pocket. I use the BoxWave case for it and a Realook anti-glare screen protector . The super HD Amoled screen is the best clarity I have ever seen on a smartphone. Movies show very well on this device. It is like a miniature HD tv. The camera on this phone is one of the best out there. It takes HD quality pictures. The wifi connection is not as strong as my other devices, but it works well with two or three bars. There are too many features to list about this phone. I have owned several smartphones throughout the years, including the iphone. I think this phone is the "iphone killer." If you don't mind carrying around a larger than average smartphone, you will love this device.UPDATE (8/6/12): I have owned my Samsung Note for 6 months now. Since my first review I have changed screen protectors because more options are available now. My Note is still running well. I am still amazed at the video and picture quality. I am currently stationed in Germany and I have not had any issues with my telecom sim card. The phone has frozen a few times, but holding the power button and home button restarts the phone with no issues. My phone serves as a mini command center and I do everything with it. This phone seems to have endless possibilities.I use the bluetooth feature everyday in my Challenger while cruising the autobahn. The phone pairs very quickly. I have to make sure I am not too close to my car while standing and talking on my phone because it will pair several feet away from it. It is important to deactivate bluetooth and wifi when not in use in order to preserve battery life. I consider myself a "browser" and after spending at least an hour total throughout the day browsing websites or looking for specific information, my phone is still able to last all day on one charge.

Take my word for it don't buy this foreign phone trying to save $150.00 if you have T-mobile. It won't work on 4G and it is slow as molasses. Mine even had Italian spelling on the Icons even though I entered the language as English. This thing is a big PIA. Take my word for it go into the T-mobile store and buy the new AMERIAN USA model Note 2 for $600.00 or get it for less if you sign another two year contract and save your self ALOT of time and aggravation. I personally feel the Android OS sucks compared to Windows or Apple. It is complicated and not as intuitive as either I updated this thing and it lost all of my contacts! It ain't worth the $150.00 difference. Get an Iphone or a Windows phone and you will be much happier.

This is the phone that I've always dreamed for.  I don't need a Galaxy Tab or an Ipad any more.  Great ebook reader. It's light enough to hold it on my hand and large enough to fit my reading.  I love android for its capability to reformat the font size in the browser to fit the screen.  I don't need to move the content right  and left as with Iphone.Now, the greatest part with this G Note is that I was able to enable 3G and H+ on Straight Talk network for $50 a month.  I've used the sim came with the refurbished Nokia e71 sold for $49.00 on Straight Talk website.  I changed the APN to att.mvno, and Network mode to GSM/WCDMA  It took me a while to figure the network mode.  At first I left the network mode as GSM and I got only EDGE speed.I am very pleased with this gadget.-----APN setupNAME: Straight TalkAPN: att.mvnoMMSC: [...]MMS proxy: proxy.mvno.tracfone.comMCC: 310MNC: 410APN type: internet+mmsLeave all other fiels blank or unchanged.

A very nice hybrid product with all the functionality of a tablet in about the same space as a phone.  Sleek design and very intuitive interface I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a new phone or tablet.

Nice bigger screen, stick in your sim-card and you are good to go. I am waiting the 3rd generation Galaxy note 3 since my wife confiscated my note N7000.

My review builds upon the rave reviews for this amazing device, called the Samsung Galaxy Note. Please note, my review is on the 4G LTE U.S. model Galaxy Note, under the AT&T; brand. I didn't purchase an unlocked phone off of Amazon.This is my first Samsung branded phone. I was a little bit worried about it, due to there being issues with the build quality of the Galaxy S II, which is the phone the Note is largely based off. But, upon actually holding the phone, you'll find the Note is a higher quality build. I've previously owned only HTC branded smartphones, most notably the HTC Touch Pro II, EVO 4G, and EVO 3D. Having extreme issues with Sprint's network and lack of competitive phones, I knew it was time for a change and I wanted the Note after hearing so much about it. I wanted the white Note, as the black model seemed too typical, generic, and all of the other phones I've owned have been black. I definitely wanted something different. I made a good move! The white Galaxy Note is gorgeous and looks so high-end and much more expensive than the black (or blue as Samsung claims) Note. Your first impression will most likely be a curse word said out of surprise, followed by amazement at the sheer size of the thing. You may also get a bit intimidated. Don't! For a guy, my hands aren't very large, and the note feels mostly good in my hand. It really helps that this phone is insanely thin, as with most Samsung devices. I don't know how they do it, but it's incredibly thin. Thinner than the iPod touch, even.The display is a 1280x800 HD Super AMOLED resolution, which provides an absolute stunning display! The display is higher than most other HD displays which only have 720p, so the Note's HD display is better than pretty much any other device, sans the iPhone with its retina display. The screen real estate is wonderfully huge! So large that unlike virtually every other smartphone, there are five rows of icons supported, instead of the usual four."TouchWiz" is Samsung's user interface. I am only used to HTC's "Sense." I still think that in most ways, Sense is a bit more refined and advanced, but I'm growing to really like TouchWiz. The 1.5GHz Snapdragon processor means that the Galaxy Note is extremely quick and fluid. In fact, coming from HTC devices, the Note shatters the HTC products in speed and it's very comparable to the iPhone. For advanced users  worried about benchmark differences on the U.S. model, I ran a benchmark test and my results were 3,175. A reviewer ran a benchmark test on YouTube for the international version, at it came out at 4,559.I want to talk about battery life. I had to edit my review to update my battery life experience with the Note. Initially, I stated the battery life was phenomenal. However, that was based on usage that didn't drain the battery such as playing games, watching videos, etc. Without doing those things, you can easily get 20+ hours of battery life on the Note. But, if you do play a lot of games and watching videos or even listen to a lot of music, your battery will literally be dead in just a few hours. Looks like I'm still searching for an Android phone with an adequate battery that can last me 7+ hours with constant use.I like the massive 16GB internal RAM. I'm so used to 8GB of RAM on-board from HTC. I purchased a SanDisk 64GB Class 6 MicroSD card that originally retailed for close to $150 from Best Buy, for only $70 after incentives and a huge sale BB was having. Even though the Note (and most other Android phones) states that the highest capacity MicroSD card you can install is 32GB, that is entirely not true. You can actually add MicroSD cards as large as 128GB to your phone. All I did was pop the SanDisk into my Note, formatted it using my phone, and I was good to go. Added to the 16GB of internal memory on my Galaxy Note, I now have a whopping 80GB of memory on this beast! Try getting an iPhone with that capability and for this price. Plenty of room for music, videos, apps, photos, and much more!Now, let me talk about the stylus or "S-Pen," as Samsung insists you call it. The S-Pen is not like the boring stylus you are used to from cell phones in the past. This S-Pen is intelligent and powered. You can use it to input text or even draw on the screen! The S-Pen is also pressure sensitive, which means that how light or dark your drawings are, is based on how hard you press the pen against the screen. You can also use the S-Pen to take a snapshot of whatever is on your screen, and use that snapshot to write notes and captions on it. While browsing the web, you can use the S-Pen to cut out an image you like, and attach it to an S-Memo (a built-in Galaxy Note app) and you can do all sorts of things with the image, including sending it to a friend via email or text messaging.Network/Data speeds are unprecedented, at least for me. I stay in the Washington, DC suburbs, and coming from the third largest carrier in the nation, I became accustomed to non-existent 4G and 3G data speeds that were laughable at the very least. Using AT&Ts; 4G LTE network, my last network data test revealed I was getting 33.31Mbps download and 12.7Mbps upload speed. If you know anything about understanding data speeds, you know that it insanely fast. Videos and web content load at a flash. I have yet to experience that annoying buffering while trying to watch videos on YouTube. I know this will be irrelevant to those who are purchasing the international version--as it is incapable of utilizing 4G or LTE--but for those getting the U.S. version, I thought I'd throw that in there.Call quality has been really good in my area. AT&Ts; coverage map shows I should be getting the best call quality they offer. I can hear other callers loud and clear, and other callers tell me I sound really good and clear, also.Using the Galaxy Note as a music player, is now a reality for me. I have never been able to do that with any of the other phones I've owned, because I feel that the sound quality (and video quality) didn't compare to my iPod touch. Well, Samsung has now got me singing another tune! Firstly, you can transfer almost any type of music file to the Note, such as WMA, AAC, MP3, WAV, and others. That in its self makes this phone amazing and above other alternatives, that may only play ACC/Apple files or MP3/WMA Windows files. Then, audio quality is superb! There is a function that lets you transform the sound to 5.1 stereo surround sound. It makes a huge difference! Also, if you combined the inherently good audio quality of the Note with a third party app from the "Google Play Shop" (formerly the "Android Market") you can transform your phone to a beast in terms of sound quality. There were songs that made me have to say "Ouch!" because they were so loud. I have never had to do that with any other phone I've owned. I am really impressed.For those people who think they might feel a little ridiculous using this phone and putting it up to your head to talk, you can always use a bluetooth headset. The bluetooth setup was literally the easiest I've ever experienced one a cell phone. Oh, and I know many people will worry about pocket ability of this giant. I can tell you, I do not wear baggy jeans, and I can easily slip this phone into my pocket and feel totally comfortable. It doesn't feel bulky and it fits perfectly. I opted to not use the generic Samsung case, as I did not find it particularly attractive or useful. Plus, I love the way my phone looks and didn't want to hide it with an ugly case. This is the first phone I've ever owned where I didn't have some sort of protection, such as a case or screen protector.One more thing about the screen... it's so big that I ended up returning my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 to the store I bought it from. It basically had no use for me, anymore, after getting the Note. You can do everything an tablet or iPad can do on this phone. I even have downloaded books that I had on my Galaxy Tab, transferred to my Note, and the screen is big enough that it makes reading books on it, quite feasible.To end a very long review, so far I am totally happy with the Samsung Galaxy Note. I highly recommend it. This certainly isn't a phone for everyone, given its immense size, but I think most people will find they could work with it. A week after purchasing this, I don't even notice the size, anymore. In fact, I find myself stating that the phone almost seems a bit small! My one and only gripe, is the placement of the on/off/sleep button. Most phones have this button practically located at the very top of the phone. Samsung, for whatever reason, thought it necessary to awkwardly place this button the upper-right hand corner of the device. This is at a place where most people grasp their phone to hold it or pick it up. So, you accidentally end up turning off your screen all the time. It's aggravating, but you can learn to deal with it and kind of become more aware of the positioning of the button, so it's not a huge problem anymore. Of the many pluses, the phone is super fast, beautiful, and there are so many feature built into it that will keep you amazed for a long time to come. Well done, Samsung! I can now see why you guys have become the market leader for cellular phones. Easily the best phone I had ever been proud to own!

Maybe it's because I'm using IOS, I could not get used to Android that easily. I also don't like the camera and screen. Display color is not as good as the iphone. When I &#34;facetime&#34; with my friends, my face is a little stretching, which makes me upset.

first of all i must say this phone is amazing. there have been lots of comments on how big it is and how ridiculous it would look. but there are 5 million answers that. all 5 million folks who bought it will agree.Pro's:1)beautiful screen.5.3" WXGA (1280 x 800, 285 PPI) screen* HD Super AMOLED. makes the pics look amazing. my friends were blown away by the clarity.2)excellent camera.havent played much but i can say its 8MP sensor is pretty good and there are quite a few blogs to say how good it is.3)good battery. Has a huge 2500mA battery and surprisingly the phone is pretty light for all this mass. lighter than my G2x or Hd2.4)good speakers and call quality. always impressed by Samsungs voice quality and the Note doesnt let down.5)Stylus. may not be for all but nifty for those doodles ans notes. plus the new Samsung Premium apps makes it more awesome.5)the dual core processor makes this snappy. no screen lag or browser lag noticed.6)ICS is around the corner and there are more features to be had.7)front facing camera is good as well.Cons:1)the screen like most other phones these days is a finger print magnet.Plan to get some oleophobic(oil repellant) screen protectors.2)its not compatible with T-mo's 3g service. so you get only edge or 2g. So what I did was get a tmo 4g hotspot and and use it with the Note's wifi. Should work fine on ATT.!!!additional comments:the Seller Global Mobiles was awesome. Very responsive and fast Shipment form Amazon as usual. Thanks to both these. Its experiences like these that make me buy from Amazon.may not be a detailed review but hope it helps you make up your mind and get a Note

I've had this phone for about two weeks not and it has not disappointed.I wanted a very portable tablet. The iPad2 is lighter than the original iPad but still not light/small enough. The kindle fire is smaller but doesn't have a phone or a stylus for note taking. The Galaxy Note has it all! It doesn't just have a stylus, it has a proper Wacom digitizer and S-Pen that allows the phone to differentiate finger touches from the stylus.Given this feature, it's surprising that Samsung's own built-in note-taking app does not offer 100% palm rejection. The Jotter Android application ([...]) makes up for this very nicely.

Acatully, i use iphone for three years, and i used to use the iphone system. However, when i got my galaxy note, the iphne is not be used any more cuz the galaxy note is an amazing mauchine! First it has 5.3ch screen, it's near 2 times of the iphone. Second is the andori system is more smarter than iphone system, and easier to handle it. Third is the s-pen. It's a brillient part of the galaxy note. you can use it to write any words or draw any picture like a real pen. The only weekness of the galaxy note is it's battery. Although it use 2500amh battery, i still need to charge my phone once a day. So i bought another attery for back.

As far as I can tell this is a great phone, unfortunatly not for me and I have to send it back. The phone was a European(Italian) version. I don't know if it would have made a difference if it had been from some where else but it doesn't fully work with the T-Mobile network. It will only support EDGE but not the 4G Network.

I hope that amazon won't delete this URL[...]but just in case:This is what a "Eric" posted in another site."All,After reading posts and complaints about the Galaxy Note being flagged as a tablet in AT&T;'s systems, I set out on a mission to fix this erroneous error. I contacted the President of AT&T; and heard back from the Vice President. After several phone conversations later, the Director of Marketing was able to identify the error and fix this issue resulting in Note IMEI's to appear as smartphones, not tablets.In short, buy the Note, put your SIM in, and your good to go. No issues with accusatory tablet texts. Here is the message I received (names redacted)**********I just spoke with our supply chain team and we figured out the issue - a digit was transposed when we loaded in a set of IMEI TAC ranges to our systems in October and this resulted in classifying a subset of Samsung Galaxy Note products erroneously. Your IMEI range was not impacted and your product will work without issue and without concern of losing your unlimited smartphone data plan experience.To be clear, you have not actually received any "alerts" from AT&T; about data plan eligibility because you have not moved your SIM card into the Samsung Galaxy Note product as of yet? You can do so without issue at this time.***********So, I'm not one to take credit, but I sure did take this issue to the top of AT&T; and it all appears to be well.Great news for us Note users in the US. AT&T; know knows it's not a tablet.Enjoy the best device ever!Eric"as for me, I am still on wifi, don't want to take a chance yet :-)I will be watching the posts for a few more days.

I had the iPhone 4 (great phone) but I decided to upgrade to a bigger screen. Did a lot of research before going for the Note. It is all around excellent like many other phones but nothing compares to its screen, bright, crisp and big. Once you experience it for a couple of days, there's no turning back.

The best smartphone and tablet.System all android software is execelent, you do it anithing.See pictures and owns vide0s in LCD 1080p format on your TV in High Definition.Phone send and receive all mesages in MSM, whatsApp, Gmail..... Data, pictures, videos is going and receiving any time.Wifi and 3G conection has the best performance.It doesn't matter the size, to talk on my ear. The sound is perfect.No more shutdown.

Overall very happy with the purchase. I generally prefer commuter series over the defender one as defender is somewhat makes it heavier compared to Commuter.Case is very snug and tight and i don't have to apply any sort of force to access the buttons...overall good value for the money.

I chose this rate because the phone was delivered and working just as described. The phone company that i used for is ok and i will be using it with others so, being unlock is usefull for me.

This is really a pleasure to have this phone. It works perfect. The keyboard is very comfortable. The screen has the right size, its good for surfing Internet and not too big to put it in the pocket.

This phone is absolutely incredible.  I ditched my iPhone for this phone and I would never go back.The people you hear talking bad about the big screen HAVE NEVER OWNED A PHONE WITH A BIG SCREEN.  Ignorance is bliss I guess.If someone made me switch back to an iPhone from the Galaxy Note it would probably feel like going back to a Motorola RAZR after having an iPhone for a while.I can't stop playing with this phone, it is incredible.

Hi guys, this is my first review as well (as another user said, I never post, I just read).  I'm not super technical so I won't go into all the cell frequency stuff.  I'll just say upfront that I have AT&T; and got this to replace my iPhone4. Making the switch on the OS is the biggest hurdle just because Android operates differently, but overall it's pretty intuitive.  As for the hardware, I couldn't be happier.  The screen is freakin' huge, but so nice when watching videos and looking at pictures.  It takes a little getting used to to access everything you need with one hand, but I've placed all the icons I use the most in the middle of the screen where it's easy for my thumb to reach. The phone is very thin, so even though it's large, it fits in my pocket just fine. Call quality is great on it and the size isn't that rediculous, I mean, I haven't gotten any weird looks.  I do see people checking it out though, I think they are assuming it's a Galaxy SII but seems slightly larger.  Battery life is surprisingly good, I've noticed it lasts for about two days for me with normal use and I always leave the screen on full brightness.Overall I am very happy with this phone. A US version from AT&T; that works on 4G will make it that much better.

As a former user of AT&T; version of Galaxy S2, I was rather happy that the unlocked Galaxy Note would work with any SIM card rather than just with AT&T; (which was the case with Galaxy S2).That aside, the experience on the Galaxy Note is just plain awesome, has better hardware than any phone/tablet on the market today with a dual-core 1.4Ghz Exynos processor and 1280x800 resolution display which beats everything on the Market including all Android smartphones, tablets, iPhones, iPads.What I like the most is the ability to take real, life-like notes on it with its pressure-sensitive S-Pen.  This feature alone is worth more money than any other phone/tablet on the market.The size?  It looks really big but it actually fits in a tight jean pocket with lots of room left for other things due to its slim form factor.The best feature on the Galaxy Note?  Its 2500mAh battery lasts you full 2-days on medium use and at least 1 1/2 days on heavy usage.  I've never seen a phone that lasts as long.Why unlocked Galaxy Note?  All the U.S. carriers will have this phone eventually but its not going to be the same as this "original" version plus the software support on original versions are much better, more ROMs also when you root your phone.I love my new phone/tablet, throwing away all my 10.1-inch tablets, they are so outdated already once you get this.  I love watching Netflix on the go and really, I feel uncomfortable carrying my 7-inch/10.1-inch tablet with me but this one fits in my pocket.

Just received the galaxy note today.  It is every bit as awesome as all the reviews on Amazon say.  The only thing I wanted to add was that instead of buying an adapter for a micro Sim card our having to cut one, I just went to an att store and got a new Sim for free.  They activated the Sim and updated my account for an Android account vice a iPhone plan and they let me keep my unlimited data plan.  I set the APN like another reviewer posted and everything works great. These were the only reservations I had before buying the phone and wanted everyone that has the same questions to not have to worry about it.  So initially 5 stars without a doubt. Will update if anything changes.

I was griping about my old handy for almost 3 years, and all of a sudden my wife hands me a brand new Galaxy Note on Valentines Day; WOW! Of course I accepted, because I never would have purchased it for myself...The not-so-good:1. Stylus acted up and would select letters from onscreen keyboard 2-3 times when the stylus got colse to the letter; made typing with the stylus not worth the time.2. Gratis GPS app does NOT work unless you connect through wi-fi; you may purchase a GPS app that will work without wi-fi (but this should not be necessary).3. Also need wi-fi enabled for google maps to work.4. Cases, and be VERY careful with them... Whatever case you purchase should not press hard onto any part of the phone; SERIOUSLY take that into consideration...5. Phone does get darn warm.6. Disagree if you must, but the sound is not good at all in my opinion, have to line up the speaker right at the ear opening to hear conversations; conversations are clear but just too low volume.7. Most talk time you will get is about 6 hours, but standby time is a good 2-3 days.8. Wife keeps running down the batteries playing some crayola game; I have ordered a spare battery and charger-stand.9. Have to remove the back cover to access the SD slot.Now the good:1. The store where I purchased replaced the phone for me at no extra charge, and the stylus on this one works great!2. Got to LUV the stylus, certainly do!3. Using a Bluetooth is better than holding the phone up to your ear.4. Great camera.5. The screen is fantastic.6. Like the size, better to hold than smaller devices (I have long fingers).7. The aps work good enough; not going to type any documents but good enough for reviewing and commenting/notations on documents.8. Fits snug in a holster-case with belt clip (rather than those flip cases whichreally get in the way).Bottom line:Do any of us really need to spend $700 for a smart phone? Absolutely NOT, however mine was a gift so I at least I have an excuse...I think the galaxy note is a good choice, and I would not trade it for any other phone, that's for sure.Looking forward to see what the android update brings this month or next.

it's a great phone, Samsung always delivers good quality, the only thing I don't like about the Note, is the size, is hard and some times impossible to handle the phone with one hand, well if your not a basketball player :)

This review is Specific to TMobile - I would love to own one, but no 4 G Data on TMobile only runs much slower edge. It otherwise works beautifully if you use Mobile and want the fastest data speeds, don't buy.

Had the Galaxy note for one week before returning it. My first foray into android world. The size of the screen, the case and lightness I liked. The main problem for me was the quality of the screen. There is a flickering green then blueish hue every few seconds enough to be an eye strain. This is obvious especially on a white background. I can adapt to the usual headaches of learning a new OS and the connection problems with a MAC but I cannot do anything about a defective screen. This was one of the main selling pont for me and the flickering aside, its not as clear as the retina display. I tried looking for any updates but found none. Adjusting the display setting didn't fix it and you can't get samsung US support because the unit is european. Upcoming ice cream sandwich might fix the screen issue but I wasn't going to settle after paying more tan $600.

Absolutely fantastic phone!  The screen is huge and very clear.  It also takes really nice pictures as well.  I'm very happy with this phone!

Not impressed with whatever this device is supposed to be. Tries to be too many things and is mediocre at all of them.

What I expected when I bought this device was to finally have one device that I can use one device as a tablet and a phone. But what it ended up being was it was too small for a tablet and too big for a phone.This phone is uncomfortably big for it to be no longer a one hand device. Only when you lose the ability to use your phone one handed do you realize how much of an inconvenience it is. I already knew that size might be an issue and was fully prepared to deal with it for the ability to use it as a tablet. But disappointingly that was not to be.The problem of using this as a tablet is the screen resolution (800 pixel width in portrait mode) is just not enough to read web pages and books(pdf). The text is slightly smudged when displayed on 800 pixel width display, but becomes really hard to read when that screen is 5.3 inches, 800 pixel width is perfectly fine on a larger(7 inch or bigger) tablet as the slightly smudged text would still be large enough to easily read, but not on 5.3 inch screen.I ended up using the landscape mode to read books and webpages, which made the point of having a device of this size pointless. I can do the same with no difference on a 4.5 inch screen too. The point I am trying to make is when I went for this device the expectation was to be able to read webpages and books in portrait mode without having to scroll, but the device resolution fails at this.So Samsung if you are reading this review, you have made the almost perfect all in one device, please bump up the resolution(width should have more than 1000 pixels ideally 1600x1000) of this device, other wise this would be a almost but not enough device.

Good product.  Still working fine. Just a few scratches but thats only due to my mishandling..like it. Nice!Looking forward to buy more products from them

Now there is no need to carry both an iPhone/Android phone AND iPad/Android tablet! This phone-tablet device has better resolution (and pixel density of course) than the iPad, and it's a third of the size, so it's much easier to carry and walk around with. AND it's much more than just a 3G tablet, it's also a phone for those times that you wish to send SMS, and to have a 'normal' (verbal) phone conversation without voice over IP apps. I am one of those people that actually 'texts' a lot more than I speak into my phone, but the phone is a bit large, so hands-free earbuds or a bluetooth headset is recommended if you speak into your phone a lot.Because of my impatience, I imported my Galaxy Note from a UK site before it was available on Amazon, but I would have preferred to purchase this device from Amazon instead of importing from overseas. I was so excited to receive my note, and I am simply amazed by the screen resolution and speed!! The build quality is excellent, the device is light (and thin if that's your thing), and a fully charged battery lasts from morning 'til night! I am going to sell my iPhone and Android tablet ASAP!More on the screen resolution/camera:Remote desktop/VNC access from the Note is amazing for those of us that sometimes work remotely, and this device currently has the best balance of usability and portability; For example, for remote desktop use, the iPhone 4/4S is limited by 960 x 480 pixels, the iPad is currently limited by 1024 x 768 pixels, and any Android tablet with 1280 x 800 resolution is nowhere as portable as the Note! Even if Apple finally releases a 9.7-inch 720p iPad in March, I will be staying devoted to my Note. (Tablet makers should be focusing on making 1080P tablets for 2012, in my opinion.) Speaking of pixels, the Note has an 8MP camera on the back and a 2MP camera on the front, so once again much better than any iPad/Android tablet camera, and on par with the cameras on any of the newer smartphones eg. iPhone 4S/Galaxy S2.Also, if the 5.3-inch screen is too small for remote desktop or watching movies, say in a hotel room, the Note has HDMI-out via a MHL-HDMI adapter! (Samsung and other brands available on Amazon; Take a look on Youtube for NZtechfreak's excellent video reviews on HDMI-output and other amazing things you can do with the Galaxy Note!)What would I improve about the Galaxy Note?1. LED notifications; there are no flashing lights when a new push message is received, not cool man!2. If it could have been just a bit smaller (around 4.9 inches), but not as small as the 4.65-inch Galaxy Nexus, which has a 1280 x 720 resolution (but only a 5MP camera by the way, and the home screen is still only 4 icons wide!).In summary, the Samsung Galaxy Note is:1. Better than any smartphone - matching camera/phone features but faster processor, more pixels/higher resolution = more home screen icons, and a longer battery life!2. Better than any tablet - matching screen resolution and long battery life with any of the newer tablets, but has a better camera, and is still small enough to walk down the street with.This is the best mobile device ever made!!!

I don't know why I waited, but after weeks of going thru all the reviews I finally got my Galaxy Note. And yup, it is verified: really an AMAZING mobile device. Yes it's a little big, but hey, don't we all like that for net browsing, viewing, texting, reading, watching, etc? And for it's size- it is VERY slim, I now pity all the **phone fanatics (theirs now look very bulky to me) coz they don't know what they're missing. When I see it in sleep mode with it's gorgeous black face, I fall in love with it. And when the screen is running, I fall in love with it even more.&lt;>&lt;>&lt;> Its unbelievable resolution....plus fast speed....plus big screen & numerous features....plus incrediby SLIM....equals SOLD!***About 4 weeks after, and the more I use it the more I like it.-Battery life is not a problem, because I shut down all active apps when I'm done with it (sure,why not).-Super AMOLED display is flawless, even under the sun. The screen is huge, you have plenty of HD screen estate for your pictures, movies/video, and web browsing.-It has a Home button, which the US version does not have.-The screen fits a lot of icons (5 rows vs 4 rows from other phones) which can be customized according to your preference.-supports gesture controls (turn to mute, tilt to zoom, etc)-Has Exynos with topnotch power.-It has a great video player that supports various files, plays in fullHD with ease-It has FM radio which the US version prob won't have.-Great camera, so you get great detailed pics. It has a photo editor, with lots of effects. Lots of tools like image stabilization, geotagging, face/smile/blink detection, scene modes, metering, and a lot more.-Browser plays 1080p flash video, love it.-Screen is very responsive to the touch. Three screen mode choices: movie, standard, & dynamic. Imagine that.-The S-pen? What a delight.WARNING: It may look a little big, but I assure you that you will feel that way ONLY in the beginning. You will get used to it after less than a day (or maybe even after a couple of hours). Because then you will start to realize that it is THE right size. Take it from me, I'm petite.****I really want it bare, because I want to flaunt this SLIM phone...but just in case- I got a nice slim case + screen protector for it, and it fits great.****Also, just downloaded the first set of major updates wherein the msg keyboard now has the numbers on it (no need to switch screens) and I love the one-hand opearation mode. And of course we get all the updates first (faster than the US version will get it).

Very fast network speeds of 7.2 Mps on AT&T; network ( (GSM/GPRS/EDGE): 850, 900, 1800, and 1900 MHzUMTS: 850, 900, 1900, and 2100 MHzHSPA+: 21 Mbit/s; HSUPA: 5.76 Mbit/s ). Very light device with excellent battery life and incredible screen resolution that exceeds HD. The AMOLED is stunningly vivid and bright yet can be lowered below system brightness ("Quicker" app) for e.g. Kindle reading in bed when all lights are off and partner wants to sleep.Samsung has released the source code and driver info so there is already a lot of support in the community in best Linux/Android fashion.This device here on Amazon.com is actually the same that is sold in Germany (this vendor ships batches to the US and replenishes the stock as needed, that's why there is sometimes an odd statement like "will ship in 2 days when available" next to the purchase button). We got ours shipped overnight for $3.99 - amazing.We just got 2 of these to replace our Dell Streaks and as much as I liked the Streak, it is refreshing to see that a smart phone does not have to be hacked in order to work as intended. No reboots, no battery issues. It is minimally wider compared to the Streak.When the Note is dropped the screen is much better protected due to the time-proven (and annoyingly iPhone3-ish) bevel mount. I've broken two Dell Streak screens (sic!) because of the "tension" screen mount that device had.You have to enter a new APN (access point) in the mobile settings to get access to the AT&T; data network:copy from thread at androidforums "galaxy-note-not-detecting-sim-card""Go to Settings --> Wireless and Network --> and Access Point Names. You might have to make a new apn. "Name: AT&T;APN: wap.cingularProxy: leave blankPort: leave blankUsername:WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COMPassword:CINGULAR1Server: leave blankMMSC:[...]MMS Proxy: wireless.cingular.comMMS Port: 80MCC:310MNC:410Authentication type: not setAPN Type: internet + mmsxxxxxxxxxNote that there are going to be several variants and this one here, N7000, is the most versatile ([...]):N7000 - The original version, with a dual-core 1.4GHz Cortex A9 processorN7003 - A lower-powered and cheaper version, with a single-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 8255T processorLTE version - with higher-speed communications ability, initially available only in South Korea, will only have the single-core processor; will have the NFC chip ("pay for stuff by waving your phone") - rumors exists that the N7000 can be equipped with the NFC chip on a battery later onWith regards to speeds, this 7000 here has HSPA+ and not LTE. Although LTE can be faster in theory, HSPA+ produce 5-20mbps and VZW LTE only around 5-25mbps. WiMax is somewhere in the same range. In my mind, it was not worth waiting for the Korean LTE version to arrive in the US for that reason.

If you are reading this, then you are most probably looking for a device that will perform the duties of both your phone and your tablet while maintaining a relatively pocketable form factor. Let me say this now. THIS IS IT.I take this to meetings to jot down pages upon pages of notes (palm rejection? CHECK!), I view full webpages without having to zoom in, I watch movies, I play the most demanding games (Backstab, Shadowgun), I mounted this on my car's dash and now I have a navigation system (the size is perfectly viewable even while driving)...There are loads and loads of reviews and videos on youtube and right here on Amazon, but I am here just to tell you personally (and with LOADS OF EMOTION) that I am absolutely CRAZY about this phone, and that if you want something that will do it all and go with you anywhere, you will LOVE this phone just as much as I do.Oh, and it's actually very thin - so it slides into your pocket nicely, even if you're the skinny jeans wearing type.

I use to think 4.6 in phone was big, but damn that phone is big but not to big that you can't put it in your pocket. I always like samsung phone and this one is not different It got the specs, look, and speed it just a joy to use.  My wife think the phone is to big she got small hands her iphone is just perfect for her, but for the rest of us who don't mind the size is just fine, I have not problem talking phone don't worry about it people thinking it's to big use a headset, AT&T is getting one too, get the unlock one if you can afford it, faster update none at&t crap apps in there the only thing you be missing is LTE but if you got good 3G coverage and wifi access at home and work who cares.  The phone is fast the Super amoled screen is gorgeous very nice for videos and pics, the only thing I really haven't use is the S-pen I can't draw lol, oh by the way this is VASTLY superior than the dell streak 5.

I am not going into how great this phone is - nice, large screen, fast, great colors etc.,If you are planning to sign up with ATT GoPhone, this might help:I went with ATT GoPhone for $25 a month plus $5 data. I got this activated on GoPhone but my data connection doesnt work!. I was not ready to believe that this is a faulty phone and went to the local ATT store. Here is what they had to do to fix the phone to start working with ATT data. This may not be obvious as the store person had to ingeniously work this out from another ATT branded phone after the Tech Help was unwilling to help saying that they dont support non-ATT phones. (ATT Phone = Phone that has "ATT" branded on it).If you are like me where the phone works for making calls over ATT network but data doenst work, follow these steps:Settings > Wireless and network > Mobile networks > Access Point Names. You should have two entries here:1. AT&T; PTA2. ATT WAPIf you dont see one or both of these entries, add them following these steps:STEP 1:********Menu > New APNName: AT&T; PTAAPN: ptaMMSC: [...]MMS proxy: proxy.mobile.att.netMMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410APN type: internet + mms.Menu > Save.STEP 2:********Menu > New APNName: ATT WAPAPN: wap.cingularProxy: wireless.cingular.comPort: 80MMSC: [...]MMS proxy: wireless.cingular.comMMS Port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410APN type: internet + mmsMenu > Save.STEP 3:********Go to previous screen, Select "ATT WAP". Previous screen, uncheck "Use Packet data" and turn it on again, your 3G should catch up.

Was it really dark blue or black? coz im about to order this and i want the black one. I thought there's no blue on international version? Answer me please. Thanks! :)

If you are reading this review, you already know the spec of this amazing device and what it can do. Yes, it has most amazing bright HD screen and it DOES fit into front pocket with room to spare. The device is super responsive and it DOES NOT feel odd to hold it by the ear. It is THE mobile device and I have never been this impressed by a gadget... But I am experiencing 2 issues with this phone and is wondering if this is due to hardware design problem or maybe I just received the faulty unit.1) In-Call Volume problem with Galaxy Note (Deal Breaker)The "In-Call" volume on SGN is way too low. Headset/Speaker volume is fine and they can also be further boosted by using Volume+ app from the Market but I cannot seem to find any cure for the low In-Call volume. It is almost unusable while driving with window down. I have currently work around this issue by turn on the speaker for each and every call. I do not believe I should need to do this.2) Inconsistent Network Speed with Galaxy NoteOnce I plugged in the SIM card and manually set the mobile network by entering the APN, I was able to get the AT&T; data service onto my new SGN but I noticed that the network icon (EDGE/3G/HSPA+) keep changing between 3G and HSPA+... I also noticed that it switched to HSPA+ when it actually try to download network packages (email/internet/yourtub...etc) and it has connectivity problem when 3G icon is displayed. This behavior of constantly switching network antenna will result in poor battery drain and degrade the user experience.Please let me know if anyone else are also experiencing the similar challenges. Thank you very much for your time.------------------- Update 01.03.2012 ---------------------The recent firmware update from Samsung resolved the issue of "In-Call" Volume being too low...Hence changing the rating from 2 star to 4 star.There is still network lag when it switch from 3G to HSPA+ for internet use. Most of time, it is less than 5 sec but sometimes (based on where) it could take up to 25 secs.

Is a product that meets user expectations. I have lived the experience of a very efficient phone that gave me the last four years service. Meeting in the new device's own advances current technology, user-friendly applications, high capacity memory (upgrade to 32 MB) and excellent definition of the screen. The questionable part is the battery time. When working online, the time is reduced very significantly.

i love this device and the large screen does everything i need. It is a perfect media device. If you looking for good phone call reception than look elsewhere.

Fantastic device. Best suited as a mobile Internet TerminalNo need to talk a lot:If your looking for a mobile Internet device with brilliant large screen, then go for it!This device simply owns all functionalities that I was looking for.

Great phone like all the other reviews here so I'll just post about my purchase.Purchased from Global Mobiles. They packed the phone well. It arrived with the original Samsung seal tape intact. It's the factory unlocked German Model and they include the US plug adapter. Love it!Does anyone recommend a Square trade warranty?

Here is a list of what I do with GNote.1. Reading books and comics (Moon+Reader, Perfect Viewer): Clear sharp screen does not hurt your eyes.2. Keeping track of my exercises (My Tracks): It records my movements on the Google map with information such as how far I walked, speed, time, etc.3. Surfing the Internet (Dolphin, Google Search): Wide screen and crisp text allow me to read more without zooming in.4. To do list (Todo Pro): shopping list, task list, etc.5. Multimedia (Music Player, MX Video Player): You will love the awesome Super Amoled screen.6. Navigation (Google Navigation): Wide screen and turn by turn voice instruction make this phone a super accurate navigation device.7. Information and finance managing (Memento, MySheet): Again, the wide screen shows more information at once.8. Bible reading (My Sword)9. Taking pictures and videos (Camera): 8 MP camera, 2 MP chat camera, 1080p video recording. It's handy digital camera that goes anywhere you go and always ready for shooting.10. Taking notes (S Memo): It's a godsend feature for me. I can write before I forget anytime. Also, it allows you to write letters in the old fashioned way.11. Shopping (Amazon, NewEgg, Ebay)12. Calling (Phone): Main purpose of this phone but seems like a bonus since other features are overwhelmed. Clear Samsung phone call quality.13. Stock trading (Yahoo Finance, trading client)13. News (FM Radio, TuneIn, CNN, YouTube, etc.)14. Weather (Weather Bug)15. Numerous Games16. The list goes on forever.It is possible because I can carry it with me always not like notebook or tablet.Note is the perfect size that satisfies both the portability and functionality.I feel sorry for those who struggle with a tiny screen to do something.Is it even possible to do those in a 3.5 inch screen?I love my GNote. Mine is 5.3 inches!

Due to updates I have tailored my review so readers can quickly spot what info/section will be most helpfull to them:Section I:  General Information (22 Nov 2011)Section II:  Some accessories: Chargers and Cases (24 Dec 2011)Section III: Data for T-Mobile Users (14 Jan 2012)Section IV: Some other 5" Minitab phones (28 Feb 2012).Section V: Tidbits (07 Mar 2012)*****  Section I:  General Information (22 Nov 2011)  *****I have had my Galaxy Note for over a week now and have completely deserted my Nexus S. Concerns about size or whether it will fit in my pocket are long gone.  Any sense of what people may think when I hold it to my ear have completely disappeared and I hardly get any weird looks from anyone anyway except to ask to see the device and marvel over it.Pros: (Updated 3/21/12)- Fantastic specs.- Beautiful to behold.- Fast, fast, fast (1.4GHz Dual Core Processor).- 5.3" HD Super AMOLED screen makes every thing easier to do and beautiful to look at.- Ideal phone for those who mostly text/chat/email/web but need to have phone capabilities handy (I use theMotorola HX550 Universal Bluetooth Headset, Blackwhich allows me to talk and still do stuff on the Note).- Excellent Battery life of 20 to 40 hrs (I recommend you first get a baseline of the battery life before you add too many apps. Watch especially the widgets you add, I have found a couple to be battery drainers).- Movies and pictures looks brilliant. As to be expected, movies will drain your battery faster.- Apps are more functional and a lot of fun to use.- A dream come true for frequent travelers as it will definitely reduce the number of devices you carry on trips. For example, I don't even travel with my kindle anymore as the kindle app is easy to read on the Note.- S pen (S Memo): Comes in handy for jotting down quick notes and lists. You can also share these notes via your favorite messaging app. A few days ago, I lost my s-pen; cost $30 to replace :(Samsung ET-S100EBEGSTA Stylus Pen for Galaxy Note with Samsung SGH-i717 - Data Cable - Retail Packaging - BlackCons: (Updated 12/31/11)- May not be ideal for those that spend the majority of their time talking especially because of its size. The advantage of the device is when you interact with it.- Only edge (2g) for T-mobile USA users. This may not be an issue if you spend the majority of your time in fast wifi environments. (See section III of the review for some information of data speeds).- It does feel fragile and I fear dropping it.- Web browsing hugs battery life. For example, visiting several web pages over a 10 min span reduced my battery life by 4 to 5%. My usual web use on an average day is about 30 minutes so I don't feel the drain that much (see comments for more details). Also, using the Note as a GPS with google maps is a big battery drain - be sure to use a good car charger when you do GPS over long distances.Conclusion:The Galaxy Note is a beautiful device in all ways and a big brother to the successful SGS2.  It now tops the small class of similar devices started by the Dell Streak (See Section IV for a list of some other 5" devices).  These devices in the 5 to 6 inch category are not your classic smartphones or tablets so don't try to pigeon hole them into one of these extremes. You have to view the Note as we did the SUVs when they first came out.  The Note is a perfect fit for those who mostly text/chat/email/web and want phone calling capability. It is also a dream come true for travelers as it will definitely help reduce the number of devices you carry on trips.  It has quickly become my #1 device.***** Section II:  Some accessories: Chargers and Cases (24 Dec 2011) *****Accessories:** Phone Charger **:My phone came with a British 3-prong charger (Output 5V/1A) which I have since replaced as it is bulky and requires a US adapter. If you are looking for an American (US) style charger you can try one of these, all of which I have, and match exactly the 5V/1A output of the original charger:* Samsung USB Travel Adapter (ETAOU80JBE): (Updated 4 May 2012)Samsung OEM 1.0A Original Home Wall AC Travel Charger Adapter + USB 2.0 Data Sync Connect Transfer Charge CableAmazon now carries an original OEM adapter that works perfectly with the Note - yay!!!. It costs about $8, much cheaper than the 15 bucks I bought mine before it became listed on Amazon.* PowerGen 1000mA Heavy Duty USB Charger & USB Cable for Apple iPhone 4 4s / iPhone 3Gs 3G:The PowerGen cost me $6. This cube shaped charger has a similar feel and size to the Samsung charger above at less than half the price.*Power Bug & Cable -ipod/iphoneThe Power Bug charger costs about $9.  It is a bit bulkier that the other two above and has a glowing blue light around the usb port that some may find annoying. Other than that it is made by Phillips (a well known brand) and the outlet prongs fold in.I use all three chargers - one at home, one in the office, and one in my travel bag and have not had any issues with any of them.** Inexpensive Cases ** (updated 22 May 2012)The choices of cases to buy on Amazon are now so varied and numerous.  Several nice expensive case exist for around $40, however, if you are looking for something inexpensive but decent until the prices drop or want to try a range of product types before settling on a final expensive one, here are some inexpensive alternatives to try:*Samsung EFC-1E1COEGSTA AT&T; Galaxy Note i717 Flip Cover - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Orange: I got this free with my new note (old one was stolen).  The back replaces the original back so there is no added protection there. The flip cover is a nice concept and adds protection to the screen. It costs about $18. Reviews show it may not fit the ATT version.*Black S-Line Soft TPU Gel Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy Note / i9220 GT-N7000. I used this gel case with my old Note. It is very inexpensive ($2) and adds protection to the sides and back of the phone. It does take away some of the beauty of the phone (as any gel cover will do IMO, but you get a bit more comfort that your Note is more protected from drops.*elago G4 Slim Fit Case for at&t;, International Galaxy Note - (Soft Feeling) Black - ECO PACK. This hard gel case has a nice professional feel and costs $11. However it does not cover the top and bottom of the phone like the TPU case does.A few expensive alternatives to the above are:*elago G4 Handmade Genuine Leather for at&t;, International Galaxy Note - Folder type*Melkco - Samsung Galaxy Note / GT-N7000 / i9220 Ultra Slim Handmade Premium Genuine Cowhide Leather Case Jacka Type Face Cover Book Type Black* elago G4 Handmade Genuine Leather for at&t;, International Galaxy Note - Bar type***** Section III: Data for T-Mobile Users (14 Jan 2012) *****This is some info for those that want the Note but have to stay on T-Mobile and can't switch to AT&T.;  I have collected some data speeds around my area (I am sure this will vary from area to area).  I am fortunate that T-mobile is testing 3g/H+ on their 1900MHz band in my area (around Oxford Valley Mall, Fairless Hills PA) but not my home :(.Here's the data I collected:TYPE ... PLACE ..... PING ..... DOWNLOAD ...... UPLOADEdge ... Home ...... [385 ms] .. [199 kbps] .... [195 kbps]3g ...... Town ...... [50 ms] ... [2,009 kbps] .. [1,108 kbps]H+ ...... Town ...... [119 ms] .. [5,866 kbps] .. [1,240 kbps]WiFi .... Home ...... [36 ms] ... [19,658 kbps] . [11,237 kbps]As you can see, Edge is pretty slow. Since, I am with WiFi 95% of the time (at home and in the office) I do not feel the disadvantages of Edge that much and I do  get 3g/H+ in some areas when I am in town. So IMO if you are around fast wifi the majority of the time, and have to stay on T-mobile, the Note is still a great phone to have.  For those that want additional info on the areas that t-mobile is testing 3g/H+ on the 1900MHz band used by the Galaxy Note, please see Howard Forums under the T-mobile section "Post here if you have noticed 1900MHz 3G on an iPhone or other device".***** Section IV: Some other 5" Minitab phones (28 Feb 2012) *****Given that the Galaxy Note has now revived the 5" tablet/phone niche initially established by the Dell Streak, what are we to expect in the near future from other companies. Here is a short list of some new/soon-to-come models:Lenovo LePad S2005LG Optimus VuBLU Studio (Dual Sim)Pantech Vega No. 5ViewPhone 5ePanasonic Eluga PowerPlum Mobile The Might (This one looks like the Note without a stylus. It is also dual-sim)Thomson 5.3-inch X-view 2 (Dual-SIM)Hopefully as the list grows we will likely see greater innovation in this niche market :)***** Section V: Tidbits (07 Mar 2012) *****Over the past few months I did a little experiment in respond to the famous "What is that?" question when folks first see me with the Note.  The conversation generally takes one of two paths depending on my response:Other Person: What is that?Conversation 1:Me: It's a mobile phone that's also great to use as a tablet.Other Person: Wow, that's a huge phone isn't it?Conversation 2:Me: It's a mini-tablet that's also great to use as a mobile phone.Other Person: Wow, that's really cool.So based on my unscientific experiment, it looks like folks tend to accept the Samsung Note more as a minitab than as a phone.  Thought it was kind of interesting.  Give it a try and let me know what you find :)

I have been using the Note for over a week now and have been very pleased.  I have not had the screen issues that some others have complained about. This is the second Android phone I have owned, my first was the Google Nexus One that I purchased the day it came out. So I was interested to see what Samsung had added to the pure Android experience.  I was pleased that Samsung did not get carried away adding their own UI over the default Android os. I like having much more screen for icons and widgets.  It so far seems to perform fast I do notice a little lag when pressing the power button to wake the phone, but it isn't a problem just something I am not used to yet.  The placement of the power button seems awkward to me.  When holding the phone in my left hand and reaching for the power button to sleep the phone my thumb naturally lands on the volume rocker and adjusts the ringer volume up or down.  This is more of a aggravation than any thing else, but if Samsung had just moved the button to the top of the phone it would not be an issue. So far all the apps work fine.  I did notice when I installed Swiftkey X for phone that Swift key brought up a message to use Swiftkey for Tablets instead.  I just ignored the message and have had no issues with Swiftkey X. Overall I am very please with the phone.  I would have given it 5 stars it not for the power button issue.

I upgraded from Samsung Omnia HD - which came out with much anticipation but got killed as Symbian got sidelined by Samsung.So finally I decided to upgrade to Android and this seems to be the best one available.Let me tell all of you one simple thing - the phone is large but NOT BULKY. It's amazingly thin and can be held in one hand.The screen is just fabulous - and can fit many apps in the home screens. Speed is awesome in general. Web browsing, EMail and Social hub works flawlessly. Gallery / Image loading speed is in slower side ... hoping that's a software issue that they will take care of in near future.Stylus and handwriting is excellent feature ... nowadays I am responding to my emails using free hand writing :)Battery life is significantly good ... for heavy usage it did lust > day (just reduce your display brightness unless needed).Connects to various devices and network really fast.Overall quite happy with the phone (/tablet).

The 'voice talk' app is hard wired. You can not disable it. Every time you hit the button on your bluetooth headset 'voice talk' pops up, and mutes whatever is in process. You can not use the headset with Skype or with Panora.Just do a Google search on "Samsung Voice talk". There must be 10,000 people posting negative comments about it.Two of my friends bought the same phone and returned them.Buy the iPhone instead. It least you can turn off the voice assist.The stylus is very cranky. It "writes" or registers a "tap" from several cm above the glass. I was so angry that I snapped it in half.Posted via my crappy phone.

As soon as I read about this phone, I was fascinated and kept reading about it for weeks and finally decided to order it from Amazon (European version because it's not in the U.S. yet).  I don't mind that I got the European version because I like having the physical home button.  I just switched from the Galaxy SII which did not have the physical button and I like this better.  I was an iphone user since the day the iphone came out years ago and have upgraded to new iphones every year.  I liked it but definitely felt like I missed a lot of the functions I had with my pocket pc's (customization, etc.)  If you don't care about customizing or a smaller display, nothing wrong with the iphone.  Depends on what you like.  A few months ago I switched from the iphone to the Galaxy SII and loved the change.  Now a few months later, I switched again because this was the kind of phone I dreamed would be developed eventually.  (kind of like the pocket pc's but with phone usage, more storage).  Love having the S-pen (stylus) again.  It's nice to be able to switch between using fingers and pen, depending on what you are doing.I am female, only 5'2", small hands and was worried that the phone would look ridiculous.  Either I ended up not caring because really who cares what other people think!  Or what I really noticed was because I have long hair, when I talk on the phone, my hair is covering most of the phone anyway.  I don't think anyone has noticed it looks any larger.  I have definitely had friends ask me about it (when I was texting or checking emails) and thought they might wonder what in the world??  But all they have said is "That is REALLY cool!"  So don't worry about it looking silly, I realized it was a silly thing to worry or think about.So comparing it to the Galaxy SII which I had for a few months, I would say it's pretty similar but larger screen, FASTER, better batter, has the S-pen, no negatives.  I liked the Galaxy SII but LOVE this phone!  The main thing I didn't like about the Galaxy SII was the battery did not last me all day and this phone does.  I would say the battery lasts the same as the iphone, which is all day and then charge it at night.  The display (to me) looks exactly like the Galaxy SII.  I know they're a little different but I look at them side to side and the Galaxy Note does not seem any less colorful or bright than the SII, and the clarity is better on the Note.My apps that I used on the SII work just as well on the Note.  Another thing I was worried about.If you're thinking of this phone and worried about the size, I"m telling you, I am very small and absolutely ADORE the size.  I want to play with this phone ALL THE TIME!  It's a lot of fun and when I look at everyone's iphones now, they look teeny and drab.

what I could tell seeing that I never got a chance to use because I have to send it back because of personal reasons I believe this phone would be a great phone to have and the seller is great to communicate to about the return and as I said nothing wrong on his end

ideal for sharing data , pictures, description etc. You do not need to carry laptop because galaxy note meets all your needs.

This phone is awesome!  I added the $3.99 to get it overnighted with Prime so I wouldn't have to wait.When I unboxed it I had to laugh at how ridiculously huge it is.  It took a day or two to get used to the size but now my old Atrix feels tiny.As soon as it arrived I plugged it into the charger and while it charged I read up on how to root and flash ICS onto it and so I did that before it was even finished charging.Mine booted up in German so make sure you don't toss the piece of paper included in the box to tell you what options to press to switch it to English.I bought 2 TPU cases for it.  Black one for $14 and clear one for $4.  They are exactly the same except for the color.  I ordered the clear one first but then read reviews about it not fitting right so I ordered the black one of a different brand.  They ended up both fitting great.Black Boxwave TPUBoxWave Samsung GALAXY Note DuoSuit (Fits both AT&T; and International Versions) - Slim-Fit Ultra Durable TPU Case with Stylish "S" Design on Back - Samsung GALAXY Note Cases and Covers (Jet Black)Clear S-LineClear S-Line Soft TPU Gel Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy Note / i9220 GT-N7000Protecting the screen is a very niceSPIGEN SGP Samsung GT-N7000 Galaxy Note Screen Protector Cover Film Steinheil Unlocked (International) Version ONLY [Ultra Oleophobic], Oil Resistant 2 pcs Included.I locked myself in the bathroom and turned on a hot shower to get it nice and steamy to minimize dust floating around and was able to apply it with no air bubbles from dust.It attracts a lot of attention and some people make fun of it and say it's way too big to hold up to your head.  Well I rarely talk on the phone (heavy texter) so it's fine for me.

My smartphone journey began with the release of the original iPhone.  I then proceeded to upgrade to the latest and greatest iPhones, up until the 4S.  Once I learned that the 4S was not going to get any bigger, I started looking around at other devices.  I then decided to go with the Samsung Galaxy S II.  The screen size was a considerable upgrade to the iPhone, and I have used the Android OS on my Motorola Xoom tablet.  (I also have an iPad).I instantly fell in love with the Android OS on the phone.The options available on an Android phone far outnumber the options available on the iPhone.  You read where there are a gazillion apps available for the iPhone, and only several hundred thousand available for Android?  It simply doesn't matter.  There are only a handful of apps that are worth using anyway.  And what I used on iPhone, I could find in the Android Market.Not long after I bought my GSII, I learned about the Note.I had fallen in love AGAIN.After waiting for a few weeks to see what the early adopters were finding out about it,  I saw nothing but good everywhere I went to read up on it.  I then decided to take the plunge and pick it up.Boy, what a gem this thing is.  Yes, it's large.  But it's not so large that it is unusable.  It is large enough to be able to use as a primary internet device though.  And not have to strain my eyes to read content.The Galaxy Note is in my opinion, the best device available on the market right now.  It is a phone, and a tablet all rolled into one.You might have heard that some users have experienced issues with their data plans on AT&T.;  The issue has been resolved, thanks to other dedicated Note users contacting AT&T; and working it out.  Worry none.  Buy it.  You will NOT be disappointed.

I have bought this phone in December when it just hit the market shelves in few places. I knew before that it was coming in the market, read its reviews online and waited anxiously for it. I am very happy that I bought this phone cum tablet and because of its larger size, it is much better for me that Samsung Galaxy SII.I have previously bought Samsung Galaxy SII as the larger screen phone (4.3" display) and was very happy with it but found that the screen was smallish for me and so I looked forward to a bigger phone. I found Samsung Galaxy Note (5.3" display) to be that wish come true although I still sometimes feel that I can even be fine with 6" screen size.So after more than a month of use, following are my conclusions:Review Highlights:Price:It is more than iPad2 and all the other tablets I have seen till now but as it is unique, I am compelled to pay. If it was at a lower price, it would have been better.Size and Weight:Samsung Galaxy Note is the largest of phones available in the market. Because of it large size and Android Gingerbread 2.3, it is a very nice mini-tablet as well as a secondary phone. Unless there is a 6" phone-cum-tablet is launched, this is the best phone-cum-tablet your money can buy. Its weight (178g)is perfectly acceptable considering the size of the phone and its thickness (9.65mm) is nearly as of Samsung Galaxy SII (8.49mm), a really thin phone.Display:Very nice Super AMOLED display and it is really great watching movies and photos on this big display. It feels like a mini-tablet and it displays very well. Because of high pixel density (285ppi), the text and details are very smooth.Speed:The speed is good due for dual core (1.4GHz dual core) processor and I don't feel it slow. Although when I installed more than 15 apps, then I found it getting slower and sometimes was taking too long to start an app. Therefore, I always try to keep only those apps installed which I actually need.Battery Life:It depends upon how many apps are running in the background, whether the phone is in energy saver mode, the WiFi is switched on or not and the extent of brightness of display. A CPU hogging app can drain the battery within few hours but if I use WiFi selectively, keep brightness to near minimum brightness (which is still fine for display), in energy saver mode and just run basic applications and minimize widgets, I can get battery life of up to a day. I suggest not using Samsung Galaxy Note as your main phone as you may end up connecting to charger all the time. Use it as a tablet and secondary phone, along with another primary phone and that is the way it brilliantly shines.Android Gingerbread 2.3 Experience:I like its user interface and widgets but I have uninstalled some widgets to keep it fast and have low battery usage. Widgets take a lot of battery life and also use CPU continuously as well so I always uninstall Samsung widgets that I do not need.As a Phone:It feels big as phone but I do not use it as my main phone. My main phone is Blackberry Bold 9780 and so I use Samsung Galaxy Note as secondary phone. For secondary usage, it is fine although I do not like the fact that at higher sound volumes, the telephone call sound from ear piece is loud enough that people nearby can hear the conversation. Therefore, during calls I reduce the earpiece volume. The speakerphone is very good and video calling through Skype is very enjoyable.The large touch keys and display makes it very easy to use it as a phone.As a Tablet:It is very nice as a small tablet. My son uses it for gaming and likes gaming on this phone a lot. For me, I can browse internet much better than a Samsung Galaxy SII, read emails better and its kindle app is great. I feel that a kindle 6" is not required when you have this phone. As it is not an Eink screen, I can read it well during night when lights are switched off.There are many apps in the market but I install only those ones that I really need as I want to save memory, CPU usage and battery life. Many of the apps keep running in the background after usage once so a number of times, I go in Settings> Manage Applications to clear cache and stop applications that I do not require running.Use with Data:It has usual GSM, WCDMA and HSPA+ capabilities and I have seen its performance to be very good.Photos:Photos look brilliant on this phone and its both front and dual cameras are excellent. The low light photos are not as great as a dedicated camera but its LED flash is strong as well.Videos:It has taken very nice family HD videos and I really like those. It plays videos very smoothly as well. Because of brilliant display, dual cameras (8MP rear and 2MP front) which take good shots and videos, and efficient microphone, it is an excellent device for photos and video capture and playback.Sensors:I have mainly used the Accelerometer which works fine. I am not a huge fan of digital compass in a mobile phone. The digital compass in phone always behaves erratically.Two features that I want:1. I need a similar touch button as for Wi-Fi switch on and off TO switch on and off the usage of data using Mobile networks.Final Verdict:Excellent secondary phone and a small tablet. Use another phone as primary phone and you will be fine. Keep widgets and running apps to minimum and you will be happy with it.Use of a plastic cover and front display screen guard will keep the phone safe even when it uses Corning Gorilla glass to prevent scratches.

This phone is not blue . It has a blue bevel strip on the sides that you can see if you tilt it . The phone is the International version . You can download the manual on line through samsung.com/uk . So far no problems with the phone or att service . This phone also supports a 64GB sd-card but you have to format the card in the phone first .

Samsung Galaxy Note N7000 16GB Unlocked Android Smartphonegood and thanks you for bag it's beautifulthe color  Dark Blue is nice

Let me count the ways.... I love this phone. Scratch that, I absolutely adore this phone. It is great for games, emailing, texting, taking pictures, music, etc. The first time I answered a call on it, that took a little getting used to as it is on the big side which I expected and welcomed. I do a lot of reading on my phone with a Kindle App and a lot of texting and emailing. There is so much space that texting is fun again. Also, I have normal girl hands and can hold it one handed. The case I bought with it helps for that too since it is kind of sticky but not too much so that I cannot place the phone in my pocket.  Here is a link to the case: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006IRPV9E/ref=cm_cr_mts_prod_imgAlso, something that I think others might find helpful is that I am a TMobile (T-Mobile - added for people searching the page like I was) customer and have been able to use this phone without incident. I am getting Edge speeds vs 4G (according to my status bar) like I was with my My Touch 4G Slide, however, this phone is totally unaffected by that. It just whizzes through anything I am using it for. I did have to update the APN settings and found them online by typing "Apn Settings for T-Mobile". Also, while at home, I just use wireless.

After watching numerous videos and GN's reviews really wnated to buy one. But while tracking user reviews on this site noticed, that its price goes down almost every day. So finally when I decided, that it's the cheapest one, placed my order. And regretted it 4 hours later, because other seller lowered the price even more. I called Amazon asking about the return policy, because GN was already on its way and I wanted to save couple extra bucks. Instead Amazon refunded me the difference and I did not have to reorder from another seller and wait several more days. GREAT SERVICE, AMAZON!I'm iPhone 2/3/3gs/4 user, but not the iPhone fan at all, was not buying them before making sure they're jailbreakable. Those day are over, definitely not going back. Not gonna review GN's features, read other reviews here and watch youtube GN videos. This phone is AMAZING. Fits my pants pocket, my shirt pocket, my palm. Everything is already good enough for me even with 2.3.5 (this is my first android phone). Will wait for ICS.

I was a like bit scared to buy it as 700 bucks is quite a lot of money for a phone. But I can tell it was the best decision I have made. After owning an HTC Flyer as my tablet and a HTC Wildfire as my smartphone I finally found a way to have both things in the same device with the addition of many features including amazing battery life.My HTC Flyer was dead in less than 6 months, my HTC Wildfire had a dead battery after a year. So this time I've decided to go for another brand, and hopefully Samsung will not disappoint me.The quality of the screen is amazing and all the apps runs really fast due it's 1.4 dual core processor. The 8 MP camera is another thing that I should comment on... perfect quality!

First off, I would like to state that this phone is not intended for the masses. Not everyone would be comfortable with carrying or holding a device of this size, so be sure you know what your getting yourself into. With that being said I am delighted in owning the Galaxy Note. I recently bought it via Amazon and have no regrets. The screen is to die for. Samsung included a short video file in this device to get you aware of the color,contrast and capabilities of this device screen and it just blew my mind away.The Galaxy Note is a huge device and I choose it over the Galaxy S2 due to screen resolution. While the S2 and the Note pretty much carry the same specifications, the screen resolution of the note is 1,280x800 compared to the weak 480x800 of the S2. This means that you get better viewing fields (more info in less space). Other than that there seems no other major points that make it a better option.Anyhow's the camera takes wonderful pictures, typing is a breeze due to bigger keyboard layout (you may have to use both hands). Build quality is "excellent". Samsung is known for using plastic which makes some of their devices seem cheap by todays standards but not the galaxy note.The only plastic you will find here would be the battery backplate and it doesn't look or feel cheap at all. The Note has the perfect weight, Its blazing fast, and I have no call quality problems (so far). Battery performance is a 5/5 star for me. Gets through the whole day without a problem.  My only complaint would be the back speakers, they are just not loud enough for a device of this size.There is an included styles which can  seamlessly be put away in the built in styles compartment. I cant comment much on it at this point since i dont use it much but it does hold in pretty tightly (not afraid that it would fall out).Overall if your looking for something that can function both as a phone and a mini tablet, than this is the device for you. The screen size and resolution are its selling points. Its a capable device, thats future proof and I cant wait for the "Icecream" OS update.

As I was looking for a tablet, I never really dig it because of the size. I always asked for a tablet that I could use as a cellphone also, however it was impossible.But here we are, samsung read a lot of people's minds and brought us the galaxy note, a hybrid between smartphone and a tablet, what else can you ask for?  It is thin, light and sexy.It is blazing fast, and the screen, you will love the screen, real HD, 5.3" is everything you can dream off.Battery life, is simple just take the galaxy S2 and and if you like battery life is the same thing as the note, so don't expect anything else.For those worried about the size, DO NOT!!! It is perfect, it fits your pocket jeans , or your front pocket shirt also. If you want the best of both worlds, then go for it.You got to see it for yourself just to realize how beautiful and "precious" it is!!!

I received the item in good condition, and was delivered on time. I am enjoying my Galaxy Note right now and a highly recommended gadget... 5 stars for this :)

Great product. Absolutely fantastic screen, good battery life. And so far the best experience on an android phone that can be only compared to iPhone. If you want to experience tablet like mail experience on the go, thats definitely the only product to choose.

I was hesitant at first. This thing just looked to big to use everyday. I was wrong. The phone fits comfortably in the front pocket of my jeans.The display is as amazing as everything Samsung has made with Super AMOLED. The screen is large enough for entertainment as well as spreadsheets. Movies look fantastic. I am not much of a gamer but Riptide GP is pretty cool on the big screen.The phone fits well in one hand and the included Swype input makes emails and SMS a breeze. It does seem a bit large when you hold it up to your head but who gets phone calls anymore anyway.The 2500mAh battery isn't quite enough for all day use for an abuser such as myself but the phone charges with a micro USB cable and I hope to see spare batteries for sale soon.I pulled the stylus out once to play with the included drawing app. I don't know that I will find much use for it but it's there if I ever feel like getting creative.I usually take along a Galaxy Tab and a phone. I'll be trying a short trip with this as my only connection to the world in a couple days. I'll report back.Rick CulletonCEO DiscountElectronics.com

Excellent cell phone, is almost a pocket computer.It is an all in one, camera, cell phone, tablet, incredibly sharp screen, the font size can be set as desired and the android market has everything you need.The battery easily lasts a day of moderate use, in short, excellent !!!.Cons: awkward to carry due to its size.

Came from the Dell Streak, which was the only 5" screen smartphone, but was hampered by a company & a carrier that never promoted it.  After 14 months, time for an upgrade.Looked at the various 4.5" phones, but that extra .5" does mean something.Ordered the Note, after doing a lot of research.  Right out of the box, outstanding device.  Rooted in less than 10 minutes and only took a couple of minutes to input the APN to work it on the at&t; network.  Works great, looks great.A bit thinner than the streak, just a bit larger width, smaller in height (Dell had a huge bezel).Great device if the screen size won't bother you, but, once you get a 5" screen, everything else appears TINY.

I won't talk much on the phone right now, as I've only had it overnight.  But I wanted to touch base on a few of the finer points of my sale.Excellent service from the seller in the subject.  They included a US-adapter (my N7000 was German), along with instructions on how to change the language at boot up and at&t;'s older APN so you can get set up with data.There are some things you should know, though.  There is a more modern APN to use with the Note N7000 in order to get MMS (I emailed the seller with all this).  XDA has a thread about it, too.[...]APN to use with the N7000:Name: Doesn't matter, you can call this whatever you want.APN: PhoneProxy: &lt;not set>Port: &lt;not set>Username: &lt;not set>Password: &lt;not set>Server: &lt;not set>MMSC: [...]MMS Proxy: proxy.mobile.att.netMMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: &lt;none set>APN type: internet+mmsXDA thread has two separate APNs, one for internet, one for MMS, but both at once works for me.Also, you will need to disable Fast Dormancy, if on at&t;, as the carrier does not support it.  Otherwise your phone will constantly, randomly cycle through 3G, H, and H+ because it isn't getting what it needs to know from the cell tower.From the Dialer:*#*#9900#*#* And then look for the button to enable/disable it.Enjoy your Note on at&t;!  And if you're on T-Mobile and lucky, maybe they'll have some 1900MHz HSDPA+ goodness in your area :)

Because it fills my expectations. As a matter of fact, it was bought for a friend who was &#34;in love&#34; with mine which I bought about 8 mos ago.

Great tablet/ phone, the galaxy note, it has everything one can dream of and  more. I got the best price on Amazon and super speedy delivery.

I don't know how many times I actually ordered this product and then cancelled the order...I guess I got cold feet.I finally pulled the trigger when it showed up as Sold by: IMG direct and Fulfilled by Amazon.  I did 1-day shipping and it arrived the next day.  The product was sealed with no signs of tampering.I usually have my iPad 2 or Xoom LTE along with my Droid Bionic and iPhone 4s (geek) when I travel or even leave the house(tablets in a bag or trunk).  I am now just traveling with Bionic (personal phone) and the Galaxy Note (stuck my work 4s microsim in an adapter).  So far so good.  The Bionic's 4.3" screen looks tiny and I feel cramped.  I just finished watching a 1:50 720p MP4 movie on it and had no problems with color/pixelation/audio/vid sync.It was the biggest purchase I've made online and I am glad to have bought it on Amazon with their return policy (even if it was sold by a 3rd party).

The Note is the newest in Samsung's Galaxy series. Chances are, if you're looking at this review, you've already checked out this product line, so I'm not going to get too specific about the specs...you know it's got a nice processing speed, a great screen, a good amount of onboard memory (16GB's), and the Android operating system (2.3 at the moment, but hopefully an upgrade to 4.0 comes soon). I will, however, talk about the two things that sets it apart from the other phones on the market right now - it's size and the S-Pen stylus.The screen is humungous...the 5.3" screen is beautiful, but could be a detriment to some. It's thin, so I could easily drop it into my work pants, but jeans...that's another story. The size is great for viewing email, watching movies, or texting, but is a hassle to use as a phone and walk around with.The S-Pen works pretty well. It's a magnet based stylus technology that allows you to take screenshots and mark them up, process signatures, draw on pictures, etc. I wouldn't use it, but I could see why people would like this. The pen is small though, and could seem uncomfortable for normal use. It easily slides into the phone for storage.Bottom line, if you're going to use the S-Pen and don't mind a giant phone, pick this one up. The screen is gorgeous and the performance is nice and fast.

got my samsung galaxy in the mail . Screen is so very big wish every one could get one. My baby even takes straight talk which is even better . This samsung galaxy is a phone and tablet in one . Thank you amazon for all the great things you have so others can buy from you.

Pros :Awesome 5.3" ScreenNote capabilityVoice recognitionSuper fast response timeCons :May not support 3G on T-Mobile. But I would rather switch network than this device.

I'll keep this short since there are many more detailed reviews out there.PROS:Screen is amazingPerfect size (In all honesty it is not that big, the thinness of the phone helps)You will find yourself using your desktop/laptop for casual browsing far far less especially when using Opera browser on the Note.Speed of phone is amazing and will only get better once Ice Cream Sandwich with hardware acceleration is released by samsung.The 8mp camera takes very good stills. Flash also does a good job at giving light to your subject.Video in 1080p records very well just make sure your subject isn't fast moving as the constant autofocus has a hard time with fast moving objects. A steady hand will also help with the auto focus.Works great on AT&T; HSPA+CONS:Once you use the Note you will not want to use any other smaller screened phones.I hope there will be a Galaxy Note II as I can't go back down to a screen smaller than 5".

I have seen this one in action, used it, it is amazing phone/tablet. The only downside is "MAYBE" size, but since this is mix of phone and tablet you get everything for the price of one. Amazing photos, fast, Ice Sandwich is "Icing  on the Cake" etc. Definitely Highly recommended .

Applications in this phone are easy to understand. The battery life is good as well. I would recommend it anytime.

I own a Galaxy Note now for two weeks, having also owned a Galaxy S2, S1, and various iPhones. The Galaxy Note is fantastic. The S Pen is very useful, allowing me to keep my fingers off the beautiful screen, and providing excellent additional functionality. It is large for a smartphone, yes, but that's one of the reasons I like it. It is big enough to actually browse websites (other than mobile versions) adequately, while still being small enough to fit in my shirt or pants pocket. The camera provides photos that are not at all embarrassing, and even my iPhone 4S owner friends have had to admit it is a winner when we use them side-by-side. It might not be for everyone with its large size, but it is a winner for me.

I'm tottally satisfied with this phone, I thought it was huge, but now I see others small, great power and confort!

I suspect many people are making a similar transition - or just want an honest review of what it's like to move to a much larger phone - so thought I'd weigh in.  I've owned the Note for about a month so here are my impressions thus far:Android vs. Apple.I prefer the extra configurability.  I can set most anything.  There were frustrating few options with the iPhone interface.  Getting to the menus is not always as intuitive as apple, and submenus are easy to overlook.  Familiarity with that might or might not come over time.Stability is about equal.  I had to reboot the iPhone frequently for the first year or so I had it.  Later about once every month or so.  Buttons were sometimes frustratingly slow to respond.  The whole system would run sluggish.  My iPhone's volume button fell off two years in and I had to use soft volume knobs or a tooth pick to turn it up or down.  Programs like Google maps would sometimes not open at all.The Note isn't a perfect performer either.  Programs occasionally force close.  So far I've had to reboot once.  Things are very responsive though.  Too responsive sometimes as I find myself accidently forwarding through music tracks by accident.  But it is certainly no worse than the iPhone.  And assuming its stability increases over time like the iPhone did, it may end up being a lot stabler.iPhone iPod music player vs. *.android music players.In terms of basic usability, the iPhone if friendlier hands-down (tho size may be a factor.  More on that later.)And the simple iPod interface made it easy to rate songs, drag playlists from iTunes, and track my music for ratings and play counts between my pc and portable device.Where the iPhone utterly failed however was in playback.I keep very specific, but also very large playlists.  For whatever reason, the iPhone (maybe because it didn't have a queue) would mostly play the same 60 - 75 damn songs over and over.  No matter what I tried.  On every list.  I tried forever to correct this - up to and including purchasing apps to resolve the issue (which never worked either but that's another story).  In 3.5 years owning it, they also never added a crossfade function or downloadable album art either.I should also mention this serious annoyance with the iPhone.  I used it as my main music device and generally loved it.  I used it with a stereo jack to stereo jack in my car and portable speakers camping and while doing dishes, etc.  Toward the last year either a short in the stereo jack or a glitch in the software would make it switch between the internal speaker and the external speakers with the slightest touch.  It was more sensitive sometimes more than others but really bugged.I make no promises for the Note's reliability in terms of stuff like that.  Time will tell.  But I have high hopes.Anyway, the Note's default music player is functional, but not as useable in terms of star ratings or general access as the iPhone.  Downloaded music apps (which are a nice choice to have - let's not lose sight of that) were generally subpar for one reason or another as well.  It seemed like every one I tried would do some of what I'm looking for but never everything.Till I found poweramp.It's so feature rich and useable and (almost) perfect...except that it cost 5 bucks.  But it's worth it.  Equalizer.  Crossfade. Album art automatically.  And I've heard songs I haven't heard in years.It won't import the ratings from iSync, my very good app for syncing iTunes songs and lists to android music players...but that's a pretty specialized request in the first place.  I hope for it someday but it's neither here nor there for this review.In terms of function and sound, though, it's MUCH BETTER than the iPhone's ipod.  Even the simplest players have a variety of presets.  And its internal speaker is at least as loud.  The only downside (and maybe this just means it has a better amplifier than the iphone) is you can turn it up high enough to seriously distort on some devices like my work laptop's speakers.  And a bit at the very higest setting on my car stereo, which the iphone never did.  Other than that it beats the iPhone iPod.Now, let's talk about that size issue:The Good:That big screen is BEAUTIFUL.  I do photography and work on as ASUS professional series ips screen monitor.  In some ways, it rivals that for image quality.  Not quite the range but my god images pop on that phone.  It's 1280 x 800 resolution and 5.7 inch size is adequate real estate to spend real time on the internet.  The iPhone was simply never big enough to use the internet or play games (besides solitaire) for more than a few minutes.  And was often a frustration filled experience.Not so with the Note.This is what I always wanted.  A tablet and phone in one.  Sure it's only ~ 1/2 the size of most tablets, but tablets are still too small to do serious work on imo - so that's no deal killer.  If I really want to look at something or write or do long-term work I want a big monitor or at least a laptop size device.For an away-from-the-pc smartphone I always wanted something big enough to get weather, email and cal, to listen to music, to play games, to watch movies, to show others my portfolio, to text and to browse the internet comfortably for longer periods.But the idea of carrying a tablet and a smartphone everywhere seemed impractical.  And bulky.  And costly.  And a little decadent.  The Note is perfect for all of this and much more.And contrary to reports, I CAN fit it in my front jean pocket comfortably.  Not comfortably enough to hike up rugged hills with it there like I could with my iPhone, but comfortably enough to walk around downtown all night with it there.  Or sit with it (though I usually take it out because I want to use it anyway!).  Many things in life are a trade off, and size is one of them.  In all other ways the iPhone was just too durn small and I don't generally miss it, but make no mistake, the Note's size has downsides.The Bad:If you get a Note your days of single-handing a smart device are over unless you have really big hands.  Sure you can technically do it.  But it's clumsy, impractical, and risky (from either dropping it or taking your focus off of other things like walking).  In a car I used to be okay hitting next on my iPhone for a song at a stop, or doing it by feel (without taking my eyes from the road :) while driving.Don't try that with the note.  It pretty much demands two hands and even when it doesn't, accessing it by feel is not intuitive or quick.  Another design flaw which complicates this is the fact that the volume and wakeup/power buttons are exactly opposite and located exactly where you naturally grab it (about a half inch down from the top).  This seriously bugs because you either turn the volume up when you really want it to wake up or you put it to sleep when you want to adjust the volume.This frequently causes havoc while using the phone to game or browse or text cause I hit the wrong button. Over time I think I can train myself around this, but it's extremely counter-intuitive and I haven't made much progress on that front in the last month.  And it's this last annoying design flaw that makes it a 4 and not a 5.But don't let me end on a bad 'Note'.It's otherwise the perfect smartdevice for people who want the best parts of a tablet AND a phone.  And in my mind the small trade-offs are utlimately nits and inevitable shortcomings for something that's in all other ways incredible and useful and fabulous and an amazing piece of technology.  I truly appreciate Samsung for taking a chance and making this wonderful device for those of us whose vision of smartdevice harmony lies between the smartphone and the tablet.

This is really an amazing superphone. Everything about it exudes beauty and elegance. The screen is absolutely gorgeous and make me smile everytime I look at it. I was worried about it being too big but after getting it, I was amazed at how easily it is to fit into my pocket. Note is pretty thin and lightweight considering its size but it definitely seems to look bulkier than it really is.The screen looks decent under bright sunlight and under normal conditions, images are so vivid that they pop out from the screen. the audio and battery could use a bit improvement though. I also wish Samsung could improve on the "plasticky" feeling of the phone for being too light!Call quality is great. Its definitely clear and crisp. Reception is good and I don't experience any drop calls yet nor do I see instances where it goes straight to my voicemail like my Nokia pull on me sometimes. I may invest in a bluetooth headset soon as it will make my sometimes prolonged conversation more convenient. At home I still use my beloved Note for quick browsing. The browsing experience is phenomenal as it offers me a near native desktop browsing experience. I am sure with the new AT&T; LTE offering with note, it will only add to the satisfaction.Actually, I find the S-pen very useful, instead of just a gimmick. I used it in plenty of occasions, like jotting down some notes and using it to run errands. it served as yellow stickies for me. I have also used Note as a mini-whiteboard when running ideas with friends. It works great. Besides a tiny bit of lag time when writing, I totally loved this S-pen.I played with the camera quite a few times using various cute android camera app like Paper camera and cartoon camera. Its so much better viewing pictures in a huge high quality screen like this. Taking camera steadily in a big phone like this takes a bit to getting used to. A physical camera button will help a lot in this case. I found the pictures quality on par with my Sony 12megapixel camera. Nothing to complain in this department.I have however found the battery to be quite hot after using it intensively for a few hours. On few occasions where I just played games and watching videos non-stop for 2-3hrs, it got to be pretty hot and had to wait for it to cool down before putting it back in my pocket. Just an observation, as it maybe a common trait across all smartphones. I just never came across it til now since I had never spend so much time playing with a smartphone!It is the only smartphone that I recommend getting a second battery. Its not to say it has a weak battery but a testament of how addictive it can get playing with Note all day. Watching movies, reading comics, browsing are all common activities that I do with my Note even at home. I think Samsung Note just kill the 7" tablet market.After only few weeks of owning it, now I wish it is bigger! I can't get enough of this gorgeous big screen. I have the Koi live wallpaper as my background. Oh my, what a great feeling it is to turn on the screen and see a life-like Koi pond. It gets to be pretty addicting playing with Note. I am also getting the desk charger so that it can act as my desk clock as well. sweet!This marvelous device is such an attention seeker that you are sure to get looks/attention from people around you. From the sea of smartphones, this unique device do stand head and shoulders above the rest. We just have to wait and see if its own future sibling S3 or iphone5 can tilt the competitive landscape but as of right now, theres absolutely no peers. With the android 4.0 ice cream sandwich installed in the future, it can only be better.

You must buy it. This cell phone is very nice. Not too big as a cell phone. The CPU, screen, S-pen are very good to use. Trust me. You will fall in love with this phone. Iphone 4s? Is it a cell phone?

I don't like the contracts from the various phone companies so this fits with my choice to use Net10.  All of the features, especially the large touch & stylus sensitive AMOLED display, on the Galaxy Note make it a pleasure to use.  The third-party apps provide me with even more functionality that I can use in both my professional and personal life.  The Android OS allows you to use the Note as an external memory device - something the iPhone unfortunately doesn't do.  Over time, I look forward to finding even more creative uses.  All of this allows me to put this into a single multi-use package.  A well thought out product and OS.

This phone is perfect.  Period.  I have owned many smart phones over the years, but this one strikes me every time as perfect.  There isn't one thing I would change about it.  It upgraded automatically to Android 4.03 and it's a great upgrade!  The screen is simply stunning, I don't know what other words to use for it.  Every time I look at the screen I'm amazed by the saturation, the black and the pops of color -- all without a back-light.  Next to my friends iPhone 4 there is no comparison -- and I keep an extra APPLE charger at my house because my friends' iPhones are forever running out of battery.The battery lasts all day on this phone -- even using 3G and playing games.  The phone also charges quickly, amazingly so.Don't hesitate on this phone -- but first take a look at one and hold it in your hand.  It's not for everyone due to its size -- but for me, as an over-40 person, I love the big and super-easy to read screen.

Well when I recieved the the galaxcy note it was an international everything was in french even the documentation but the galaxcy note was for my wife and I must say she injoyed every min of figuring out how to change it to English setting right now I am the best husban on the planet you can do everything with this galaxy she love it I love it .This is a very solid built note. I vote 5 *****

I think everything that can be said about the Note's hardware/software has been said. I love this phone.However, it is FRAGILE, as any phablet with a 5.3" screen is bound to be. My only addition to the discussion is, by all means buy it--or, better yet, get Note II. Make sure to also procure a sturdy Otterbox or something equivalent to protect it, as the typical hard or silicone case+screen protector will not be enough.

This is very good as a small computer. It is easy to use and convinient to write a memo. Good choice.

A brief update on anyone considering getting this device. I bought it for a single device that could be used for phone/camera/internet/mp3 player/video player/ebook reader (and now games - just look at shadowgun)..I've just come back from a volcano trek where I was drenched to the skin and the phone fell into a mountain stream and still survived and is working absolutely perfectly (don't try this at home) even taking pics during torrential downpours!All I can say is it is amazing. If you're a travelling type and hang around airports and hotels this is perfect especially when you increase the storage capacity with an sd card. The camera quality surpassed all my expectations (has panoramic capability) and having all these android apps makes even remote working a possibility (especially with the aid of the pen).Only negatives so far:* Cost me thirty quid for the official samsung cover but it is good* Replace the bog standard headphones with a sennheiser/shure/etc unit...Oh forgot to mention, battery life was better than expected.Go get it!!!

I've had the Note for exactly 28 days now and strongly considering returning before the month runs out and go back to my iPhone.  The Note is very cool and have to admit there is a lot to like about it, but it is much more involved to learn.  I would suggest Android for Dummies for anyone not familiar with Android, it was very helpful for me.At the end of the day, the battery life is what is the killer for me.  I tried all the suggestions that were offered to lessen the battery drain, but rarely made it through the day without running out.  I am a heavy email and Internet user and moderate talker but my iPhone held up much betterThe Note screen is awesome and wouldn't be surprised if Apple doesn't increase the size of their iPhone 5 to compete.  Movies and pics are amazingSize was not an issue at all.  It fits in my pocket comfortably and talking wasn't a problem for me

I now have my new AT&T; Galaxy Note and it was well worth the wait.It has the most amazingly huge, bright beautiful display, it is sooooo fast both on AT&T; LTE network and at home on Wifi(21mbsc).Like I said before you are far better off going with the AT&T; version and saving $380.00 in your pocket.It is so fast that you probably would not notice the difference between this and the international version.It's like comparing a Porsche 911 and a Ferrari, one will be slightly faster but who cares they are both so fast it really doesn't matter.You can also unlock the AT&T; version for around $30.00 and use it all over the world.Get it you won't be disappointed.They announced at CES 2012 that AT&T; will be offering an LTE version of the Samsung Galaxy Note very soon.Why would anyone in their right mind buy the European version for $700.00+ when you can get the US version in a month or two, maybe less for $200-$250.Plus, the European version will not have the blazing data speeds the LTE version will have.My suggestion is to wait for the AT&T; Galaxy Note which will be coming out very soon, and save yourself lots of money.Please don't be fooled by those saying that the international version is better, they don't know what they are talking about, just making stupid assumptions.Personally, I think they really feel silly and cheated that they spent $700.00+ on a measly cell phone. Just think for that kind of money you can soon get yourself the US Galaxy Note and a nice 10" tablet. Wow.Now that it's been announced that AT&T; will be releasing the Galaxy Note, it's my opinion that anyone who purchases the international version is either extremely wealthy or just silly.Remember, patience is a virtue.

It is nice to see that front-facing camera is offered at 2-megapixel. The 2500 mAh is amazing battery capacity. The eReview.co expert review of Samsung Galaxy Note N7000 is available at [...]

This cell phone is perfect for me and my school work. It keeps me organized. If you want to be organized and never miss a meeting, etc...get this phone.

Got this phone mid January for my wife. She got it 3rd week of January. It was quick shipping, thanks Amazon. When I saw the phone, I was very impressed with the fluidity of the phone, along with the beautiful 5.3 inch touch screen. What made the phone a killer was the combination of adding Android Market place and Samsung Apps to the Note's ecosystem. I've added 20 applications to the Note like Angry birds, Card reader, Samurai, NFL 2012, Flix, Kindle etcetera.Along with the software from Samsung Apps and Android Marketplace. Samsung has pre-installed Reader, Music, and Social hub. I find the hubs pretty pleasing to the eye and useful. Reader Hub allows you to read newspapers, magazines, and books through the portal. the interface of the Reader hub is intuitive and very neatly organized. The Social Hub allows you to combine or amalgamate all you email addresses, Facebook accounts, and twitter ID's to one single list that can be checked and updated in real time. Very simple and a good idea to simplify your life. Music Hub, you can look up a Title, Artist, or other search hints that will link you to the musician or album you are looking for purchase. Once again, simple in idea, but useful for everyday practice.The kicker to the phone is the S-Pen. I have to admit, the pen is very responsive. And I can take a snapshot of the Note's screen at any point(Hold the S-pen down while pressing the S-Pen button). Then I can email the snapshot or edit it. I can send the snapshot to Facebook, Gmail if I want to.S-Pen applications are plenty. S-memo comes out of the box. But Samsung Apps has plenty of S-pen Software applications for free download. The S-pen allow me to draw on the Note, which makes it a fun toy. If you want to buy a phone for a child of yours, the Note would be perfect (adults are children at heart anyways).Kies Air Application allows you to load your phone files onto your computer via Wi-fi. very convenient.(tether to the computer using the Note. Then tap on the Kies Air Icon on the Note). Kies Air will ask you to do Wi-fi routing. Approve Wi-fi Routing and put a green check to Wi-fi Routing in settings. The kies Air will automatically direct you to Wi-FI routing settings. After getting Wi-fi Routing turned on, Kies Air will give you a Web address that will contain all you Galaxy Note's files and folders. Just use any computer with an internet connection(you can tether at the same time while you use Kies Air). And you will have accessto you Galaxy Note's file and folders through the internet).The All share application allows you to either use your phone like a remote control on a Wi-fi enabled TV. Or you can also you DLNA wireless technology to video-port your Note to your HDTV. There is also a MHL-HDMI adapter you can buy on Ebay that allows you to port the Note to your HDTV, via wires. so you can watch Videos, play games, read a book, listen to music from the Note to the HDTV.On a side note, codecs are wide and vast on the Note. You can play many types of video files directly to the Galaxy Note. That is something that Samsung is very generous with in general. As well, Samsung is one of the few OEM's that actually allow you to root and flash your ROM quite easily. There are no bootloaders. That makes modding your Note's Operating System very easy to do. Just watch a few youtube modding videos.I say the positives are1. 5.3 inch Samsung OLED HD screen (All OLED screens are made by Samsung. Even Motorola Razr, Nokia and Sony are using Samsung OLED's right now) It's the best in the business.  Very crisp and vivid. Games and videos are a joy to watch. S Pen is a plus as well, very responsive and FUN.2. Excellent processor with the Dual-core Exynos 1.4 GHZ, very zippy.3. Battery life has been very good with 2500 milliamps. which is just enough for a mammoth phone like this4. Biggest factor has to be the excellent android ecosystem, with the Touch Wiz overlay. I mean Samsung really packs lots of good software apps for the note. So I am delighted that the Note is one of the most useful convergence devices around.5. Lots to explore like All Share, Kies Air and tons of apps. And, nothing feels too overburdened on the Note.Negative.I wish I could tether to the computer right out of the box. But there are tons of USB or Wi-fi tethering apps on android, that are good solutions for tetering needs.You can also tether to the computer by downloading the Samsung application called Kies for your PC. It is downloadable on Samsung's website. Basically Kies(Not Kies Air) installs the drivers for your PC that allows the computer to recognize the USB connection from the Galaxy Note to the PC. After you download Kies from Samsung.com, install Kies and wa-la, you can tether to your computer.To tether to your PC, make sure you connect your micro-USB cable from the Note to the PC. Go to Settings and look into Wireless Settings. You should see " tethering "in the list of Wireless settings. Go into tethering settings. And tap on the green check for "allow USB tethering" once you Check on the Green mark, you are now tethered to the PC.

My Note functions very well as a tablet--so well, that I think the category will eclipse the 7" tablets. I found my 7" HTC Flyer's main strength to be its portability, but the Note is MUCH more portable and I don't use the Flyer that much now. I see iPad size devices being more useful for home & office & productivity, while the 5" smartphones best for everything else. BTW , the Note is really good as an eReader, the only comparative drawback being battery life. I think my next gadget will be an iPad 3 once the Bluetooth stylus hits the market, and the large/small tanker combo will be all that I need. No more laptop, no more desktop.

Ok this phone is the best I've ever bought. I did three months of research on this phone before I bought it. The things that interetsed me about it was first its size a 5.3" screen the biggest in the industry the fact that it had a 2500 watt battery also was a selling point... but the useful information that I could get ended there, here's what a number of people let out.lets look at what wasn't said; the processor a dual core 1.5 ghz makes using this phone a dream its fast on the scrolling and gets apps open and used quickly (downloading speed of apps depends on your service). the display rez 1280x800 pixels gives a clean look to HD movies and apps that knocks all other phones from the listing.As a computer tech and a computer power user I'm accustomed to a high level of capability with my equipment, I can honestly say that the Samsung GT-N7000 lives up to my standards and surpasses all the phones I've used and looked at to date. case in point I've used my laptop even less since I got this, with the the USB OTG cable (On The Go) I'm able to connect flash drives and keyborads mice etc... with the added apps for wifi testing and network testing I've replaced a number of tools I'd normally travel with, added a minuture bluetooth keyboard and I can type out reports in office and send them to the customer my office etc... Samsung did a rather good job with this phone, to the point that I'm not looking for another phone ever unless a new vrsion of this one comes out and even then I may just stick with this... its that good!

First, let me say I will never lock myself into a contract again. I waited two weeks before writing this review, so I have really used my new phone. I read that you need two hands to use the phone. I have not found that to be true, but the reality is: if you have very small hands - don't buy it. After I first bought the Note, I was having some "buyer's remorse" because of the price. However, the phone was half the price of the soon-to-be-released SG3, although it didn't have "Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS)," and it's processor had slightly lower specs. In operation, I found it to be very fast and responsive, even after I installed another launcher that caused my old phone to "choke." I am VERY HAPPY with the volume on this phone. The speakers are loud and clear (for a cell phone), and the in-call volume is great (I'm hard-of-hearing - so that's a big deal for me!).The phone is very thin, if that's important to you (I think this concern is just an overblown advertising gimmick perpetrated by the "fruit" company. What finally got rid of my "buyer's remorse" completely was when I found out that the phone CAN be updated to ICS. Just Google ICS and Samsung Note and you'll find simple instructions. The phone does everything I want it to do and that it does it quickly and seamlessly. It never freezes or chokes. With Aldiko - a reading app, and the Kindle app, I can read all my books without squinting thanks to the huge screen, and the sound is great. Enjoy this phone for half the cost of the competition and use a pre-paid GSM SIM to get unlimited phone, text, and data. As an aside, I am using this phone with pay-as-you-go T-Mobile (under the brand name SIMPLE mobile - with unlimited everything). The phone WILL NOT GET 3G on T-Mobile, it only gets EDGE, but I find that getting UNLIMITED data makes up for that, and it is fast enough to stream Youtube etc. The phone WILL get 4G on AT&T;, but I cannot find a true unlimited plan from AT&T;, so scr*w them. On the other hand, because the phone is unlocked, I can use AT&T; pre-paid anytime I want to if I really need 4G and I don't mind being ripped off.

I would like to thank Samsung for this product. It is simply amazing: long battery life, excellent camera (is the best camera that I found in a phone, compared with the N8 and i4S), excellent keyboard on your big screen.For Brazilians here are some comments: SWYPE keyboard already installed supports the European Portuguese and the "Samsung Keypad" also supports Portuguese, but the operating system is in English (USA or UK).The phone's size is perfect. It fits in all of my pockets (including my jeans) and works like a tablet.The only bad thing I found is that some programs do not work properly. The "BoaLista" stops (due to higher resolution, I think) and the "Mini Info" do not show battery's history (due to Android 2.3.6, I think).To compare the camera, [...] and place the green rectangle in the shade of the beach chair (this is the only point I found that shows how this camera is particularly good in low light condition).I think this is the best phone in the world for a long time.

***I thought very long and hard before I bought this device in late February, 2012. This review is for the WHITE INTERNATIONAL UNLOCKED version of this device. I bought it from Amazon but chose to do the review under the dark blue device because it has more reviews and will be read more often.***Over 30 days have past since I purchased the device (Feb 16, 2012), so I am more confident about this device as it works wonderfully in all areas! The reason I mention that is ALL INTERNATIONAL phones DO NOT have a US warranty and I took a HUGE chance spending $700 (at the time of purchase, it is now about $620) for this device! However, I have owed smartphones and computers for many years and have found that if they fail, 95% of the time they fail WITHIN THE FIRST 30 DAYS! In fact all of my smartphones have "shown" me in the first 30 days by "acting up" whether they would last or not. I have NEVER (so far) had any problems with this device. It is superb. Below are PROS and CONS.PROS:1) Huge 5.3" screen that is super vivid, clear and easy to read (and the phone is NOT TOO BIG, instead it is light and comfortable to hold.2) Great music player with good sound with the Samsung headset (included) or on speaker.3) FM radio included (AT&T; version does not have FM radio).4) Fast processor.5) I get 3G+ speeds for data and it is fast, fast, fast! (Mostly I use WiFi, but sometimes data and again, it is very fast). I have AT&T; data that I buy each month as I have the go-phone (pre-paid plan) and I buy the smallest data they have as I use WiFi 95% of the time.6) WiFi easy to connect and works perfectly with long range ability!7) Good stock browser, however, I downloaded Dolphin HD Browser and I can get "desktop" pages (not mobile pages) and also tabs, and so so many features. Opera is OK, but Dolphin HD blows all the other browsers away!8) Android 2.3.6 is fine for me, they say ICS comes out in late April or May for the GNote.9) Battery life - Decent - Since I am on WiFi or Data 100% of the time when I use this device so the battery lasts me about 5 hours before I have to recharge. Now when I turn the WiFi on and off to conserve battery, I get about 10 hours or more! Also I have backlight on 90%!10) I chose White color, very regal looking - so this is a pro for me!11) Size: Perfect combo mini tablet with 5.3" screen and great phone, don't need to lug around my 10" tablet anymore! And I do not think this device is too big to use as a phone and have no problem putting it up to me ear to make a call. This phone is lightweight and easy to hold. I now use a TPU clear cover for just $7 on eBay(shows off the device and does not show dirt) and also use a great cover that is for 5" GPS I bought from Amazon for just $15 that is open at the top and does not have magnets in it. Samsung has said not to use this device anywhere near magnets (page 180 of the online PDF GNote manual).12) Camera and Video Camera - This takes better pictures than my regular camera and I move the pictures to my 32 gid SD card. And video is wonderful for a quick video! Mostly I take pictures when I am out and about, so no need to have to take my old camera as this device is: CAMERA, MINI TABLET, MUSIC PLAYER, FM RADIO ALL IN ONE DEVICE!!!!!CONS:1) NO US WARRANTY (but there is a UK (International warranty) 24 month warranty in the box). This phone came with a warranty was from the UK and I was given a UK phone number and address for the phone. In a sense, I do truly have a warranty for 24 months for this phone. However, I called Samsung at one of the US service locations and had a very long conversation with the rep. He explained that the reason that Samsung US Warranty does not cover this phone is because this is an international phone, not a phone made for the US and they warranted phones that are made for carriers in the US like AT&T; phones, Tmobile, Verizon, etc, not UNLOCKED INTERNATIONAL PHONES. However, he did say that I have a International Warranty with UK as stated on my 24 month warranty info that came with the phone. If it fails, I will have to call Samsung in the UK I believe and let them know that I am sending the phone, track it via USPS or whatever. However, I have a great feeling about the phone that this will not happen as the phone works superbly and I am very happy with it...I called Square Trade and they told me NO WARRANTY on non US (International) phones. They said they would "assist" in shipping or something like that, then I talked to a 2nd person and I was informed they did not warranty the Gnote international version. ***But I am not too worried, as my GNote works great and I am happy with my choice as I did not want AT&T; LOCKED VERSION. *Please not that 95% of the time, if a device is going to fail or malfunction, it is usually within the first 30 days. And I have used this device for well over 30 days and it is fast and has been perfect!TRUE STARS 4.5 STARS BECAUSE OF THE NO US WARRANTY, however a 24 month UK warranty enclosed.2) APN SETTINGS must be manually inputted (all international phones require this). WiFi and text messaging works right out of the box, however, APN settings are needed for Data and MMS messaging.--UPDATE SEPT 10. 2012--It took two updates OTA to get ICS on my GNote, however, I updated to ICS 4.04 from the older 2.3 Gingerbread very early this morning. So far, I really like it. I was able to keep all my APPS, Bookmarks in Dolphin Browser, Contacts, etc. However, I did have to change back to my favorite shortcuts to APPS (and all my APPS work great) on each screen and make new folders, etc. I did have to make new playlists though. The only things I discovered that I really dislike about ICS is more memory use and the battery goes down faster. I now have about 350 free and before had 450 free. However, this is probably due to the much larger OS in 4.04 over 2.3! Also for me, the battery does not last as long. This is just from the first day, so hopefully things will improve. The fact that I have wanted ICS since Feb 2012 when I purchased the GNote, and finally decided to upgrade, I can live with this. Now I have heard that Jelly Bean 4.1 OTA update will be available for the GNote in late October. Looking very forward to updating to JB (hopefully in an OTA in late October, 2012) Also looking forward to the GNote II coming out probably in November or December with Jelly Bean in the US!Please leave comments and I will answer all. Also, if anyone needs AT&T; or T-Mobile APN settings, please ask in the comments and I will post them...

Just to warn you not to buy this cellphone used. I bought it used from Amazon Warehouse, and even though it says "Very Good Conditions", it was in terrible conditions. If you're gonna buy it use, ASK FOR PICTURES, I made that mistake.

Galaxy note n7000 has been known to most as the phablet phone and true to its name it performs exactly as one. Great screen resolution with Full HD screen. The screen drains a lot of battery and is especially while browsing white screens.

Awesome phone. Got what I expected. Everything from packaging to accessories and the phone itself are excellent. Totally satisfied with the product.

buy this phone because of its versatility. Your camera allows for photo quality, . It is released and works with all operators. Very good price, easy to handle. It's great and I recommend it.

My wife bought this for me for Christmas.  Amazon shipped it very quickly.  The original plan was for me to check it out and make sure it worked OK, then she would wrap it and put it under the tree.  That plan didn't work out so well.  After playing with it, I refused to give it up!It has a fantastic screen which, unlike the iP4, is actually big enough to take advantage of the high resolution; perfect for using Kindle-reader.  It's very, very fast.  It has excellent battery life; I made it through four days of light use on the first full charge, ending up at 16% at the end of the 4th day.  It has really good GPS (due to being able to use Russian Glonass birds as well as US GPS ones) and gets position locks very quickly, even indoors.  The camera is also quite good (for a phone) although I think the latest iP4S may have a slight edge there.I have not used the stylus much.  It works as advertised, but I don't find it to be a terribly compelling a feature.I'm happy that I got the "Rest of World" version which has the physical home key, which is a far better design than the the four capacitive buttons the Note will will most likely have when it comes to the US officially.  It works great on AT&T; I simply popped the SIM from my Infuse in and set up the APN correctly, which is trivial.As a former Dell Streak owner who settled for a smaller phone (Samsung Infuse) for a while, I absolutely love this device.

After doing some market research and examining my usage, the Samsung Galaxy note has proven to be the ideal device.  If you are looking for a device which can provide information whilst on the move as well gives you the added feature of recording information via note taking then the Galaxy Note is for you.The battery life is great, it gives me at least 4 days of constant use without having to worry about the recharging. The quality of sound, availability of apps are also great.Thus don't be afraid to invest.  It is worth it.Again I say well done to Samsung. Well Done.Cheers.

At first I dismissed the Galaxy Note as way too large and not practical.  The HD screen was the key for me.  I own a Galaxy S II Skyrocket and live in a LTE area but I felt the display resolution of 800x480 was getting old in the age of higher resolution screens. LTE speeds are great but I wanted more resolution!I kept reading about the GNote on the boards and the reviews and it seems like everyone likes it!  It does everything well and the specs are very strong.  Of course the USA will get it until June 2012 (LoL) and I did not want to wait.  I wanted my GNote now!  I ordered from Global Mobiles and Amazon fulfilled the order. Shipping was fast and the product was just as described.  The GNote was set to default German language and there was a piece of paper in the Amazon box that explains how to change the language to English when you turned it on for the first time.My first impression was this looks just like a Galaxy S II but bigger!  The nice thing is that if you are familiar with touchwiz and Samsung, you already know how to operate this phone. I charged the phone to 100% first, so I could have a great time setting it up!  Once I saw that 1280 x 800 HD display I was amazed!  They have 5 HD photos and 1 video pre loaded and will blow you away!  Once I set the ATT APN, I was set with HSPA+ speeds.I really like the larger screen real estate.  I like having 5 icons across the screen.  Typing for text and emails is really easy now and my misspelled words have really decreased!  Of course the S pen is a new device to learn.  There are several "how to" videos on you tube on the GNote to learn how to utilize the features of the S pen, S memo, and S planner.  They really are neat!  Being able to take a screen shot of anything, PDF, picture etc and write on it and then share it is pretty cool!Battery life is very good as well!  Much better than my Skyrocket but I knew it would be!  My only concern at this time is how to carry it.  I have never been a pocket guy and usually wear a case and holster combo.  I have not yet found a combo that I like.  I have a S line TPU case for it and it is a great case for 7 bucks. I just have not figured this part out yet.If you are on the fence, there are plenty of videos on line and many reviews from the major tech websites that can help you make up your mind!  I am glad I got it and did not wait for it to hit the USA.  You will love it and not be disappointed!

DO NOT BUY GALAXY NOTE N7000B.  While I love my Glaxy Note, apparently Samsung made a special version called the N7000B which has not been updated to new ICS system and may never be.  Be sure to check packaging and only buy N7000 version of the Note.

Purchased this beast from Global Mobile late afternoon on 12/28 and received it the next day with one day shipping. Like previous reviews have stated, Global Mobile was courteous enough to provide instructions on how to switch the OS language from German to English. That small detail along with the speedy delivery made me a Global Mobile fan for life. Now, moving on the the device itself. After opening the box, I was amazed at how big the phone was. I watched all of the youtube review/unboxing videos but they don't compare to the feeling you get when you actually have the device in your own hands in front of you. It is beautiful when it is off and then when you power it on for the first time, it is glorious. I installed angry birds to test the display res and when I played it for the first time, I smiled to myself. The game took up the WHOLE screen and the resolution was beautifully clear and colors just popped off the display. This coming from someone who has owned iphones for the last 4 years including the iphone4 with it's retina display. For those of you who are concerned about making the switch from iphone to android as I was, everything that you liked about the iphone can be enjoyed on the Note. And after 4 days with the Note, what I have come to love about it is how much more freedom I have gained making the move to android. Most of the apps that I paid for when I had the iphone are free in the android market. The boundries that I once had customizing the iphone to my liking are now a thing of the past. There are numerous ways to creatively customize the Note with all of the space on the screen and multiple widgets. The pictures that the 8 mega-pixel camera takes are awesome. The 1080p video is amazing although I recommend purchasing a 16 or 32GB micro SD for external memory before you get too crazy with the pictures/video becuase the 1080p video files are HUGE. I also enjoy the S-pen and the features that are provided with it. I have used it to sketch and I was surprised how responsive/accurate it was while using it. Some may not care for the S-pen too much but people that take notes frequently or love to sketch will find it to be very useful. The battery wasn't great at first only because I could never put the phone down but yesterday I made it through the day for the first time. All in all I believe that this is the best phone available currently and people hesitating to make the switch will not regret it once they do. But when you do, make sure it's this phone.

I'm a fan of Android devices, Galaxy in particular.  I've owned or test driven most of their devices over the past few years:  Galaxy tablet, GS2, tested the GS3, and now have the Galaxy Note to go along with the others.  I love the size of the Note most of all.  It's very similar to the GS2 which I've had for the past year in terms of its overall operation and navigation between the various features.  The Note is a solid unit and extremely user friendly.  I particularly like the keyboard which has been expanded from the GS2 so that you can enter both text and numbers from the same keyboard without having to toggle.I've only had the Note a couple of days at this writing so there's still a learning curve I have to experience on the use of the stylus and its various uses.  I've easily set up the Note to accept my various emails, gotten the Amazon Kindle to sync with it along with all my dozens of books, and have successfully downloaded and installed my favorite sites like USA Today and Twitter.  All that done with ease and without a hitch.  Ditto the voicemail, personalized greeting and again, no problems. I've yet to tackle the Skype video voice call system but do not anticipate any drama there either.  Also, the pictures and video recordings I've done with the Note have been first rate.  The test calls I've done are crystal clear and superior to the audio quality on the GS2.  The fact that the Note is still using the Gingerbread operating software is not an issue with me as it's the same as the GS2 and easy to use.  I prefer the old tried and true ways it goes about its business.  The new GS3 and ice cream sandwich OS?  Not so much.I am not easy to please when it comes to devices of this type.  Having gone through a couple of iphones, many Blackberrys and even the GS3 which I didn't particularly care for, I was ready to take the Note back to AT&T; for a full refund within their 30 day allotted period if the Note either frustrated me or simply didn't work the way I wanted.  No worries on those fronts with the Note. I bought the Note with a 2yr contract at a refurbished price of only $49 which is a steal for device as sophisticated as the Note!  It arrived in perfect order and looks/feels/responds as a brand new unit.  It's an excellent device in every sense.  I'll update again in about a month when I'm fully up to speed on the actual note taking abilities on the Note.  For now, I'm impressed.

Anyone who knows the state of the industry today knows that Samsung is head of the pack in terms of features, performance, and general state of the art.  Due to their extensive use of AMOLED displays they are able to make phones slimmer and more energy efficient.  Samsung devices also tend to have the best GPS due to the inclusion of hybrid GLONASS/GPS chipsets and the useage of MEMS barometric altimeters.  Trust me, as far as performance in all aspects you can not do better than a Samsung; perhaps that is why Apple goes to Samsung for 1 out of 4 components in their iconic iPhone.Now for the negative: Samsung seems to be in a poor place as far as QC is concerned.  In both my GT-I9100 Galaxy S2 and GT-N7000 Galaxy Note the USB connector malfunctioned after only a short period of non-abusive everyday use.  If you purchase an international Samsung product in the US it may be difficult or impossible to get your device serviced under warranty.  The USB connector on my N7000 failed after only one week of use.  The phone was never dropped and was never exposed to water.  Without this reliability problem I would rate both of the above mentioned products 5/5, however this is not an isolated incident. One failure is one thing, but having two out of two devices fail in the same manner from the same manufacturer is undoubtedly a pattern.  Buyer beware!

Just saw in the news how they've already sold one million of these.  Pretty impressive considering the lack of official release in the US.  Not surprising that people want to import this beast.  The screen is beautiful, battery life reasonable and speed remarkable.  S-pen is ok but will be better when a good pdf app comes out for it.  I switched from the iphone 4s due being tired of the stale 3.5'' screen.  I may go back to iphone if they bring out screens like this phone.  I will report back after I've used the phone for awhile.  Oh, and seller global mobiles rocks, phone arrived within 2 days with perfect instructions on how to change from German to English.  You won't regret your purchase if you're looking for a phone with ample screen real estate.

I just want to add my two cents worth to the other reviewer's comments - and I understand many of you won't pay attention since I did not buy this from Amazon.  One word sums up the Galaxy Note:  Fabulous!  Beautiful and very bright display and I love the pen input.  Many things, including calendars, can be written on with the pen - it is very flexible in this regard.  One point not mentioned above - it is enabled for GLONASS (Russian) GPS.  I've taken it on two walks on the GPS accuracy and speed are great.  It picks up location much faster than my other phones which I assume is due to the GLONASS GPS receiver.  I do want to mention a couple of ankle-biters though:  I've downloaded all of my Amazon games and I have to say Plants-vs-Zombies ran kinda slow.  I tried rebooting it and playing it again - same story. So - I checked today and sure enough there was a 14+ mb update from Samsung which took the version to 2.3.6 (version when new was 2.3.5).  Both games I checked ran just fine after the update. Second - it does go through battery fairly quickly when connected to wi-fi - but this is typical of Android phones.  If you're short on data (I only get 200-mb per month on mine) then this could be an issue if you intend to use wi-fi a lot.  Last but not least - I could not find any reasonably priced carrying cases for it.  One was listed for sale here but was pretty pricey and would not ship until mid-December.  So - I went to the local media store and found a Garmin pouch - intended to be used with 5-inch Garmin GPS's (ASIN: B00422KZQG).  The fit is a little tight but it's perfect for $15 here on Amazon until a real case comes out.  Anyways - the Galaxy Note really is the best thing since sliced bread - small enough to be with you all the time - yet large enough to serve as a fantastic tablet.**** Added Comments on 26 NOV 11 ****  I've had the Galaxy Note a few more days now and I wanted to update my comments.  The update to 2.3.6 appears to have addressed the possible wi-fi battery usage issue I mentioned above.  After a full charge, I have used the phone two days and two hours and the battery level was at 78% this morning.  The past two days were light usage - but I did check e-mail using 3G both days and made a short call each day.  So - if there was a wi-fi battery usage problem it has been resolved.  And, I continue to be impressed by the beauty, color and high resolution of the display.  This is a beautiful and highly functional phone/tablet that I highly recommend!**** Added Comments on 16 DEC 11 **** The Galaxy Note continues to astound me!  Just like another reviewer commented - this really is the best phone/tablet yet! Integration with Exchange e-mail (IMAP) is flawless.  And, better yet, the e-mail client does the best job I have seen in handling e-mail with embedded photos.  Screen caps are equally easy using the included pen - although the little button you have to hold down for screen caps is tricky to manipulate.  And, this is the best device I have for battery life.  With occasional use throughout each day - I have gotten as many as eight days of battery life!!  I still think there is only one (minor) downside to the Note - the lack of a quality protective case.**** Added comments on 31 DEC 11 ****  I'm still thrilled with my Note and I cannot find anything to criticize.  I continue to especially impressed with how it handle's email.  I received a Gmail message with seven large photo attachments - the Note received it in a couple of seconds - and showed thumbnails within maybe five seconds.  I use Apple Mail on my MacBook Air - and even after 24+ hours the little pinwheel is still spinning trying to pull in all of the attachments!! Despite all of it's good points, and based on a comment I just received, I would have to say that the Note (and any other device with less than a 7-inch display) is not the best device for hours and hours of web-surfing.  A 5.3-inch display is just too small for that IMHO.

Ordered it on Tuesday with one day shipping and I got it on Wednesday. Kudos to Amazon because it didn't actually ship until midnight.I had a Galaxy Tab 7 Plus for about a week and then returned it because it 1) was Wifi only and 2) I had to carry a phone too. This thing is just 1.7 inches smaller than the tab with a higher res screen to boot. Mine came factory sealed and also had an instruction sheet to set the language to English when you first boot it up. Easy stuff.I then just followed the instructions from the web on setting up the APN and I was getting 7Mbps on HSPA+ through AT&T; (on the grandfathered plan). No problems at all getting this to work on AT&T.; I've done no rooting of the phone or other technical wizardry to get it to work.Battery life is very good so far.The screen, ah the screen. What can I say? It's the reason I bought the phone. The pen stylus is amazing as well. It is very precise, unlike the capacitive tipped pens that you can get for the iPad.It's sad that we in the U.S. have to buy from overseas to get the latest and greatest. Not sure why. Glad I made the jump to get this!

It has been a month since I have switched from iPhone4 to Galaxy Note.  I live in Pasadena/Los Angeles area where AT&T; has very good 4G/LTE coverage.Awesome-------Network speed: Using the "Speed Test" app, 4G/LTE download speeds range from 10-15+Mbps for downloads and 5-8Mbps for uploads.  I've even seen download speeds reaching 20Mbps.  So, network speed is about 4-10x faster than using my old iPhone4 over AT&T;'s 3G network.  I'm also getting 4G data coverage in certain parts of town where I had virtually no 3G data coverage.  I no longer bother switching to Wifi mode since it is too slow compared to 4G/LTE.Size: Great size for content viewing (webpages, YouTube, etc).  The iPhone4 screen seems so tiny now and I also returned a 7" Android tablet.  I found that there is no need to have a separate phone and a tablet.  I haven't felt that I need a phone case and this unit slides very comfortably into my front pant pockets since it is pretty thin.Good----Cost: I bought this device from Amazon Wireless which was about $250 (White) all-in including a car charger that came with it.  This is about $100 cheaper than buying from AT&T; which is about $300 and then sales tax on the non-subsized price.Data plan: My previous 2yr contract with AT&T; iPhone4 had an unlimited data plan and I was able to convince AT&T; to roll that into my Galaxy Note plan.Speaker phone: The speaker phone is very clear and loud.  For conference calls, you can place the unit on a tabletop and listen over the speakerphone.  I was never able to do this with my iPhone4.Battery life: Screen is the biggest drain on the battery.  I usually keep the screen brightness to less than 50% and it consumes about 60% of battery.  I think the battery life is a bit better than my iPhone4 but not much better.  I basically still have to charge this unit daily.App store: Google app store has all the popular apps that are available for iOS.Roaming: I was able to roam (voice and data) without any problems in Japan (but without the benefit of 4G/LTE speeds.)S-pen: Very useful to take quick notesSo-so-----Hard and soft button layout: This unit has the power and volume buttons on the right and left sides along with the soft bottons (menu, home, back, search) on the bottom.  When you want to take a picture, you need to hold the unit just right so that you don't accidently hit any of these buttons.  This gets even more challenging when you want to hand the device to someone else to take the picture for you.One-handed operation: You may need to arrange the more commonly used apps nearer to your thumb.  Typing with thumb while holding in the same hand is bit tricky since you need to stretch your thumb to reach the far-end of the keyboard sometimes.Accessories: Not surprisingly, it is harder to find accessories for this unit.  Currently looking for a car vent mount kit.

This is really a tale of two reviews -- the Galaxy Note and the Android operating system (2.3.6). Told from the perspective of someone who has used Symbian (rooted), Windows Mobile (hacked with custom ROMs), iOS (since 3.1, and always jailbroken), but never Android. For the last two years, I have been comfortably ensconced with Apple, first on the iPhone 4, most recently on the 4S. But the small screen and, until last week (only after I ordered the Note), the lack of a jailbreak, had me coveting something larger and more customizable.Cut to the chase -- the Galaxy Note is a 5 star device. I can second the experience of most of the reviewers here and, although I have a few quibbles, it's a great phone/tablet. Android -- meh. Three stars, I think, especially compared to a jailbroken iOS 5.0.1 (which I now have -- thanks Chronic Dev Team!). Maybe I've gotten too used to the iOS ecosystem, but I just found Android horribly complicated, the Android Market difficult in terms of separating the wheat from the chaff, the Google voice recognition significantly inferior to Apple (if I had stayed with it, I would have definitely bought the keyboard that comes with Dragon), and the lack of a unified inbox in the default Gmail app frustrating as heck (yes, you can download K9 or use the built-in Samsung email app, but each has its shortcomings, like lacking a server search or having an ugly display or having no instructions (I figured it out eventually) for setting up push). I'm also not a fan of the soft menu and back buttons, which I invariably grazed and activated unintentionally. Would I have gotten comfortable eventually? Sure, and I probably didn't give it enough time before returning the Note (I recommend waiting to order until the "fulfilled by Amazon" link is offered if you think this might be a possibility for you too). But when the jailbreak for the 4S came out, I very happily reverted to that phone, small screen and all.So I offer that experience only in the spirit of possibly helping someone else contemplating the same move. Many people have switched from the iPhone to the Note happily. I just wasn't one of them. If you know and already like Android, this is a great phone. And, even if you don't know Android, your experience, obviously, may be different than mine.As for the Note itself, I will confirm what others have said: gorgeous display, great S pen, acceptably pocketable size (even in the front of tight jeans), responsive screen and scrolling, very visible outdoors, good and quick camera, fine audio and reception, and oh that screen size! Only real negative IMHO, as others have mentioned, is placement of the power button on the side. Either hard to find, or you accidentally hit volume (on the other side) when you do find it. I was not worried by the back cover -- it needs to be thin and light to keep the weight down, but I never felt I was in danger of breaking it.If you're on AT&T; (I'm in NYC), I can confirm you can simply pull your microSim card out of your iPhone, put it in a regular Sim adapter (available for a buck or two on Amazon) and use it in the Note -- and once you adjust the APN settings as outlined by other reviewers (I won't repeat here) you've also got data on top of voice. No call to AT&T; needed (although I separately confirmed that my grandfathered data plan would transfer over). One caution -- keep your network setting on "GSM + CDMA" -- even though AT&T; is only GSM -- or else you won't get 3G or HSPA data speeds. Took me a while to figure that out!Now, if only Apple would make a 4.3" screen iPhone! That would be perfect....Maybe Nokia's Lumia 900 with Windows Phone will be the answer!

I looooveddd this phone! The stylus is the best thing. The big screen it`s a scandal. I really loved and I do recommend. I changed for the Galaxy Note 2, but I could go back I didn`t do this, bacause this model don`t have the &#34;sudden death&#34;

This product just reminds me when apple firstly introduced the iphone, changing the mind set of the market. It takes popular activities you do using your mobile phone and tablet pushing them together nicely. Samsung just blew me away with such beauty and strength. Guess it turned as a good investment for Samsung to take risks as the first and only 5.3" mobile in the Android market.here goes, the good, the bad.The Good:--------- big, clear, high resolution fit for LOTS of reading screen- highest responsiveness I've seen in an android phone till now, had the S2 before that- speakers are really clear- camera is a bit better than the S2(though not as clear as the iphone 4, for some reason the iphone4 camera is better even than the 4S in picture/light color recognition)- 16GB internal memory, though i can't find more than 13.5GB "2GB as applications memory" "11.xxGB" general storage + place for SSD, which is 32GB in my case- the pen is really handy (when taking notes in a phone call or something when u are using a Bluetooth headset), though the delay in displaying what you are writing might affect your handwriting, best thing to write not paying attention to that "tiny" delay in order to maintain good hand writing as a final result- Slim, though you might feel weird considering the size, but it is a good thing when you get the "feel" of it- Had an HTC Desire/HD before, they used to heat up badly from the back whenever operating heavily on wi-fi or games, was concerned this one will have the same problem due to the strong processor, but it was all good.- comes with android 2.3.6, so, yaaaay .. if you care.The Bad:--------- First when I got the phone, I felt deceived because of the battery draining speed, it didn't even complete 4 hours when i first charged it .. yeah i was playing with everything ON and no power saving mode, but hey, 4 hours?!!! of course, after the 5th charge or something with some tuning "power saving mode + closing 3g whenever i am not using data" .. it finally passes the 15 hours line, with LOTS of phone calls done "averaging 2 hours talk time in a working day and like 2 hours of internet applications like facebook and so", though, wishing more performance will come out of it later.- Ok, i admit it, i have average sized man hands and proud. This caused me lots of trouble handling the phone at first, but now got used to it, operating 75% of my needs using my right hand alone now.- when you are not using a headset, using the handset is something to laugh at, covering ur whole face and when the phone slips up or down a bit, hearing the other side becomes difficult if not impossible, have to hold it RIGHT THERE, where the silver line representing the handset speaker mode is in front if your ear deep whole.- no jeans pocket can handle this phone.- a bit slippery, getting a rubber cover soon- a 2 seconds delay if you are using a bluetooth headset answering an "incoming" phone call to start hearing the voice into the headset "had this in all previous android phones as well", may be it is the headset i am using?!- Not a lot of modded roms out there yet, i always like taking tours in roms and stuff. Also, clockworkmod is not supporting the device yet.Finally, the Ugly:------------------- Nothing at all made my decision buying this phone hard. I read a lot, i receive many important emails daily, i "Facebook" whenever i feel bored, all this makes a big screened-phone a plusSomethings you might want to consider:--------------------------------------- Since handling the phone takes a lot of concentration, specially at first, a market application called "voice dialer plus" works better than the idiotic voice application coming with the Samsung, at least for the Arabic language support and non-English names, you might want to give it a try before giving up on the voice command thingy.- Samsung's idiotic dialer, i hate its search methodology but like the swipe left/right feature, so searched a bit and found "exDilaer" in the android market, also pretty handy.

Beatiful screen. Poor performance.Not compatible with Outlook.Its PC software (Kies) is lousy. Difficult to sincronize, not friendly.You cannot send a map with an address, like in Iphone.Battery is bad when you use internet.If you use it solely as a phone could work well.Camera is nice.It is not a user friendly device. I will try now with the new Blackberry.I don't recommend it.

This phone is really, really  good, once you tried, you may discover more and more features, I have non buts at all, the android applications are endless and this phone runs them gratefully.

Bought unlock version, enabling choice of monthly plans from various carriers -previously had a contract phone with Verizon, bills became oppressive.  Now using T-Mobile, generous phone minutes, not so with data; however with the ubiquity of free wi-fi, this is not a problem.  If it becomes so, because the phone is unlocked, I'll simply switch carriers.Screen size on phone supports stunning visuals and enables real "computer' task to be done.The phone combines the best of tablet and phone; with the best features of both.Buy it - you will not be disappointed.  Amazon is a great supplier.

I recently bought samsung galaxy note n7000 european model because it looked better than AT&T; model(no home botton).well, I was using simple mobile b4 and I was only getting Edge Speed(2G) which was way too slow.. so I've tried everything and anything to haveat least 3G connection but I found out only method to have 3G speed is to change the provider to AT&T; but AT&T; plan cost a fortune....like around $120BUT the wait was too short. I found out how to get H+(almost 4G) and the price is $45 unlimited talk,text and web. IT'S "STRAGHIT TALK"order sim card from their official site(combo cost $67 including shipping) after you receive the sim card from the mail, just put it in, set the APN and your good to go~I get around 4 Megabites Downloading, 2 Megbites Uploading by using straight talk. You should try this, if you're stuck at EDGE SPEED(simple mobile or T-mobile)

Best Android phone ever and Best smartphone on the market fast p powerful and beautiful screen!If you want a big powerful  phone get this one!

I am sure this is a great phone and all, but When i opened the box and tried to put my T-MOBILE sim card in. . .it wouldn't fit! But otherwise it came in a timely manner and i have no qualms with the seller.

This is my personal take on the Note with a nod to other Note fans/reviewers on here who have pretty much covered all the great and not so great features about this phone/mini-tab.I've owned my Note for around six months now and ordered this particular one through Amazon--the unlocked international version. Currently, the phone is not described as such, but it was when I bought it. I have the dark blue version, but you may as well just call it black.Right now, there seems to be some debate whether there is warranty coverage and there was when I bought it. I personally am in the dark about it and took quite a risk buying mine--with the exception that I bought it through Amazon, a company with a great return policy. But after six months, I am totally stoked and satisfied with this expensive little purchase.After using normal no frills cell phones for years, I decided to look into getting an i-phone and/or i-pad, maybe a kindle being an avid book reader, but for sure definitely wanted to upgrade my cell phone. I came straight to Amazon, as I always do, to look for cell phones with the highest ratings, specifically honing in on unlocked phones for a couple of reasons: I prefer the prepaid no contract option with carriers AND I wanted the phone to be ALL MINE.The highest rated reviews at that time(and still are) were for the international Galaxy Note, before the locked ones became available through the US carriers. The reviews SOLD me and I plunked down a little over $600, which to me is a better investment than purchasing a branded phone with a contract, which will cost you more in the long run. Plus, I get to choose my carrier because it's MY PHONE. Let me briefly explore that point because it's been addressed very thoroughly in other reviews. I use T-mobile prepaid, which right after I received my phone I went down to the local T-mobile store and told them I was looking to purchase a prepaid sim card for my unlocked phone. Not a problem. I went home and popped the sim card in and I didn't have to do anything else--no entering in additional numbers, nothing! That easy! Of course, I should point out that I had been a current customer of T-Mobile and when I purchased the sim card they updated all my information for that card to be used on my Note.Let's get back to the Note. It seems many Note fans are saying that their phone will fit in their pockets pretty easily. Even a woman reviewer on here mentioned she was 5'3 and her phone fit fine in her jeans pockets. I also am a similar sized woman of average weight and can tell you right now that my Note doesn't fit cozily in my pants pockets--front or back. I don't wear skinny jeans, either. And after spending that kind of money, I wouldn't dare let it dangle so precariously. My answer? I put it in my purse, in a compartment all it's own and it has even more protection because I bought one of those dandy little flip covers--which, by the way, you have to special order for the international Notes because the ones made in the US only fit the branded Notes. Of course, now we're brought to the realization that size could be an inconvenient factor with this phone. For me, it's a resounding NO!Here's why: For calling/talking purposes, I have a bluetooth earphone, which really is nice for any phone when you need to be hands free. (Aside from driving, how many times I bemoaned pushing an unwieldy shopping cart while holding a phone to my ear!!!) The big plus for me is that the Note IS bigger instead of competing with all the tiny phones. Then, it would just be a phone. Not a mini tab. If the Note were smaller, I doubt highly I would enjoy all those things which go beyond being a simple cell phone. A bigger screen means more readability and less eye strain. I mentioned really eyeing a kindle earlier. Not now. I downloaded the kindle app to my Note and I have taken to digital reading like a paperback! And with my flip cover, it feels just like a small book in my hand! The same thing holds true for being online. It is much more user friendly than a smaller screen. As it is, when I'm at home I prefer using my laptop when I'm online. But, when I'm away and have access to wi-fi, I don't mind using the Note one bit and am overjoyed that my screen isn't smaller.I've heard concerns from various folks on here about the ice cream sandwich update not being applicable to certain Galaxy Notes. Well, I'm here to say that I updated my Note just fine through the Kies software on my laptop. My phone has been updated to 4.0 firmware.Finally, I want to touch on battery life. I'm not a heavy user of my phone, except when I've downloaded a great book to read. Now, I have nothing like this phone, smartphone or iphone to compare it too, but it seems to me battery life is not the greatest. Internet activity is a big drain, watching movies via netflix, and reading books as I just mentioned. Recently, I pulled out my phone to check what app was using the battery the most and it turned out it was my display! There are settings to help with this and currently I'm still looking into it. As it is, when I'm using my phone at home, mainly for reading purposes (I just love having something that's the size of a small book to hold rather than reading with a laptop!!!) I keep my phone plugged in.For me, the Galaxy Note is an ideal phone/tablet all in one. I LOVE the size and probably would detest it if it were smaller. One reviewer mentioned he even wished at times it was bigger, but imo for portability any bigger wouldn't work. To me, it's just right for all the things I want to do with it when I'm away from home. My Note is for personal use, but it has all the tools necessary for business purposes and there's TONS of apps out there. Btw, the Note has a great camera which takes photos that are surprisingly good! Zoom is so so, but that's what professional cameras are for.I feel like I made the best choice possible out of any phone out there and except for the battery life, which might be a setting thing, I am very satisfied with my Galaxy Note!***UPDATE***Finding this out a little over a year later, but international Galaxy Note owners CAN register their Notes through the Samsung UK website, which I just today did. Samsung USA does not recognize the international Notes, but the UK does and you can find support there.

These people are cheating us, they are sending us an open box item, the products looks okay but you are not sure what is happening with it.I am going to return my product.DOnt trust these people.

There is no need to repeat the many goodies the Samsung Galaxy Note is offering, many others did before. After almost one year of using this phone, it's still a perfect device which I can recommend to everybody who is looking for a device for more than just making phone calls. Something what I really want to share with you is the accidental crash test my phone just passed. When I tried to put the phone in the chest pocket of my shirt it slipped out of my hands and crashed from 5 feet straight onto the concrete floor. Thinking that this was the end of my (so much loved) phone I picked it from the floor and surprisingly nothing than a bump and a scratch on the aluminum frame happened to it. The screen didn't break and also no component insight. It's doing it's job as it did before. Thank you Samsung for building such a strong and powerful device!

Bought this to replace a Dell Streak 5.  Definitely a keeper with better screen and newer Android.  Strongly recommended for anyone like myself trying to consolidate a smart phone, a tablet, and a laptop into a single communication device.I had minor challenges to get this phone fully working on AT&T.;1. Out of the box, phone was set to German language, so had to find the "language" icon/button to switch language to English.  That was fun since I couldn't understand a word on the screen.  To seller's credit, I did eventually find a note at the bottom of the shipping box with instructions on how to change, but only after the phone was all set and I was putting away the boxes.2. Once the SIM card was moved from Streak to Note, the phone worked but not data.  The fix was to add "wap.cingular" to APN in the network setting.  Data portion worked immediately afterwards.3. With existing AT&T; 3G data plans, Note will show "3G".  However, upgrading your plans for 4G may enable "H+" where service is available.Many thanks to Samsung for releasing this device.  To Dell: Shame on you for dropping the Streak!------------  Update ------I have upgraded my AT&T; plan to 4G plan and the Note now displays "H+" when available.  Also, the addition of USB to HDMI converter can output to my HDTV.  So, I can now stream Amazon or Netflix onto my TV from the phone!If this continues to work reliably, I might consider cancelling both the local phone and Cable TV and just get a much higher bandwidth AT&T; plan for the phone.------------ Update 2/19/2012 ---Now that I've had both the Galaxy Note N7000 and Galaxy Note I717 (AT&T;), I actually prefer the N7000 due to following reasons:- Battery lasts about 30% longer.  I can't make a full day with I717, but N7000 has no problem surviving a day.  It's either the hardware difference and/or the AT&T; bloatware.- The large single button is more useful than having four tiny touch buttons.  However, the missing button on I717 makes it easier to apply the screen protection film.- The N7000 says H+ where I717 says 4G on the screen----------- Update 3/11/2012 ---So far so good.  Both the N7000 and I717 are performing well now.  I have figured out that the I717 for some reason uses much more battery with WIFI is turned on, especially in areas where WIFI is not available.  N7000 hasn't done this so I'm guessing that this is where the hardware difference matters.Last point for any new buyers - This phone not only looks big, but it's so big that you can no longer safely text while driving because you'll most likely need two hands - one to hold and the other to text.  I have medium-large hands and I definitely cannot do many tasks with just one hand that I could do with other smaller phones such as Captivate or iPhone.  This is due to the fact that many of the menu functions and "search" data fields are located at the top left of the screen where my thumb isn't long enough to reach the screen.For example, While in phone dial mode, my thumb isn't quite long enough to reach the "Logs" without unsafely holding the phone.  I guess this is where the voice command replaces the old habit of finger texting with voice texting.Despite the size, it's still an excellent all-in-one phone.  The though of going back to a smaller phone and the new iPad 3 has gone through my mind, but I'm sticking to the Note for now for the convenience of not having to carry a phone & a tablet.

since i am an att customer with an upgrade available i will be able to purchase it for $199 on amazonwireless on 2/19/12. i too will sell my iphone 4s.

i like this phone great camera and good storage my next plan buy Samsung s4  i still have this phone i put my movies this is wonderful cell phone

If you buy this item, beware that Samsung support is REALLY BAD! Read on...I got a Note about one year ago from Amazon. It broke twice in less than one year.Since I live in Brazil, I contacted Samsung Brazil for support. Samsung Brazil said it is not their problem, as long I got the device from a US store.I contacted Samsung's US support. Samsung US said it is not their problem, as long it is an international version of the device.I finally contacted Samsung Korea. Guess what. They said that, since I live in Brazil, it a problem for Samsung Brazil, not Samsung Korea.As a result I have a non working Galaxy Note in my take for about 3 months now!!!What a lousy company!!!!

I am very happy with this purchase. Thank you, Amazon! As advertised, the phone was 'like new' and didn't look used at all. I am happy I did not go for any of the craigslist purchases because most of the sellers were asking for just a little less than what Amazon had to offer it for. Charged the battery and inserted the SIM, and I was ready to go. It is great that I don't have to pay a lot of money to a cellphone service provider and be in a contract with him for a handset I like.As far as the phone itself is concerned, I am happy too. It is a "Phablet", and the screen size is the best part of this phone, although it is also the very reason why some people do not like it. Much has already been said in reviews about the Note, and I couldn't possibly add more. I wanted the pocketable cellphone with the largest screen size, and that's what it is. I wouldn't go for a tablet because a tablet can not be used for utilizing the data plan that comes with the cellphone SIM, and might not always be something you can carry in your pockets, unless you have very large pockets. Go for it if your requirements match mine. Reading emails, ebooks, office documents is easier because of the screen size and is less cumbersome because you don't have to scroll a lot. Watching images or movies is better too.

By far the best tablet in the market and lasts more than 7 to 3...... I am getting the phone too

Best phone I have ever used, including Motorola Atrix and iPhone4s. Does everything I need - phone, Kindle, tablet. I use it so much I may need to get an extra battery for long plane rides, but I am not planning to carry any computers with me anymore for the first time.

For the combination of the product, Amazon and the Amazon's fuifillment merchant, this purchase would have a 5 star rating because I am very please overall. The reasons for giving a 4 star are:1. The phone got locked up by the "unexpecting error". After some research, I believe this is the Android problem and happen mostly on Samsung and HTC phones and tablets. I did not want to reset the phone to clear this error because there would be a lot of custom re-configuration of the phone to be taken place. So I called Samsung USA, none of the three support staff I spoke were knowledgable to know about this common problem at all. Later they found out this phone was not yet available in the U.S. and then told me they could not provide any support. What a joke. So, I ended up reseting the phone and it works fine so far.2. The phone is for the European market. So it does not come with the Asian language pack (except Korean...Duhhhh). The seller should mention this in the product description.3. The phone came brand new to me because the way it was sealed. This made me the happiest. All phones I've got in the past from the local T-Mobile authorized dealers were opened and used and they still claimed they were brand new. When you had no option, you could only pretend you believe them. Now I figured out how to get a brand new phone you will like/love but you can still get your cash rebate from the local mobile phone authorized dealers will offer.4. The price of the phone dropped by 7% right after Amazon shipped the purchase. Amazon allowed to return the phone but not refunding the difference because this phone was not sold by Amazon directly. I decised to keep the phone because I believe it was brand new.5. The phone is big for me. Almost all of the time I need both hands to operate the phone, though I can hold it with one hand comfortably. Well, I like the big screen. So this is not my complaint. This is for other's information.6. Similar, it is a bit big for my pants back pockets. I can't button the pocket at all so there is a big chance it will fall out of the pocket, especially when you sit or bend down. Better to keep it in the front pocket but makes the pants look funny.7. This phone is perfect for business, design professionals and web lovers. So I am not going to describe all the good things this phone offers.8. Oh, one moe thing: the phone's material is somewhat cheap or flimsy. I am scared every time when I have to remove the battery cover because it can be broken very easily. I am also scared the phone can break in half if you bend it because it is pretty thin and wide.9. Of course, this phone is way over-priced.Buy it if you are OK with android, the material and the size.

BEST PHONE EVER MADE is the SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE. IT DOES EVERYTHING. ANDROID#1!!! YOU CAN DRAG AND DROP YOUR FILES, PICTURES, MUSIC, AND FOLDERS JUST LIKE A PC.the 5.3 inch screen is super beautiful! way bigger than the super small iphone screen:)screen is nice to watch all your videos on youtube and netflixcolor is more vivid and eye catching!it fits perfect in my front pocket jeans and pants. i carry it everywhere.trust me, you will LOVE THIS SEXY PHONE!!!!!!!samsung galaxy note is like having a samsung s2 and a samsung tab 10.1 all in one. why carry two when you can have the samsung galaxy note!I have at&t; and it works perfect! just do the following:You have to enter a new APN (access point) in the mobile settings to get access to the AT&T; data network:"Go to Settings --> Wireless and Network --> Mobile networks--> Access Point Names--> New APN-->" then type in the following:Name: AT&T;APN: wap.cingularProxy: leave blankPort: leave blankUsername:WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COMPassword:CINGULAR1Server: leave blankMMSC:[...]MMS Proxy:[...]MMS Port: 80MCC:310MNC:410Authentication type: noneAPN Type: internet + mmsI do NOT like APPLE PRODUCTS. apple controls you. i had an iphone 4 and you can't drag and drop, can't create folders, have to sync to itunes.  sometimes it will not sync right and you lose files/games/pics/music and have to resync. i hate syncing to itunes! what a waste of time. SAMSUNG#1 period ANDROID!

The features on this phone are the easiest to use and understand. There's no comparison to any other phone. The sound, the feel, the weight, the style, everything about this phone says beautiful. Very well made.

Last November, 2010, I bought the Galaxy Tab and from that day on I stopped using my IBM X40 laptop. I stopped using my iPhone when I bought the Nexus S. Now, with my purchase of the Galaxy Note, I've retired my Galaxy Tab and Nexus S. I'm sure I'll be retiring this Galaxy Note eventually, but in the meantime, this is the only device I carry around with me. It's extremely light, the screen is drop-dead gorgeous and it's fast as anything I've ever used. Heck, now that Slingbox is usable on Android devices, my GN even doubles as an on-the-go TV. And don't even get me started on the built-in stylus feature. This device is so much fun it's crazy.Oh, and did I mention my Galaxy Note is also a hover board? OK...just kidding....but with the way things are going, you never know.

I have this phone about 4 weeks and so far it fits all my needs. I was a die hard Nokia fan the last 12 years.I travel a lot with a very restricted company Laptop (no social networks and so on 1hour battery life!).As the Laptop is very pain to carry and a second laptop or even a tablet is not a option for me, the note is just perfect.Video call on Skype is just perfect.Battery life and screen size are ok and I have all documents for review on the phone.It looks strange when used as a traditional phone. However I use is max. 5% of the time as a phone.Only a few things Samsung need to work on in the future to make the note perfect.1. Micro SD card should be exchangeable without removing the battery.2. The screen lock is exactly in the opposite of the volume and as the device is big I always press both.3. Battery could last longer under video and wifi use.4. Under heavy use it gets quite warm.5. A phone with this size should have better speakers! (Just weak)6. Build in kick stand would be a plus.All together a nice phone.

&#34;Me explico ofrecen en la Foto el Celular de Samsung (OJO) gente de Latinoamerica, pero el equipo que me llego fue otro. el T Mobile model SGH-T879 en ningun momento de las fotos se logra ver esto. TREMENDA ESTAFA QUE DECEPCION&#34;. YA ME ESTRA&Ntilde;ABA QUE TODO LOS PRODUCTOS QUE E COMPRADO EN AMAZON HABIAN SIDO PERFECTO, PERO SIEMPRE NOS LLEVAMOS UNA DECEPCION PARA Q PAREMOS.LOS SE&Ntilde;ORES DE AMAZON DEBERIAN CHEQUEAR ESTE TIPO DE ABUSO&#34;Let me explain the offer in Picture Samsung Cellular (EYE) people of Latin America, but the team I came was another. the T Mobile SGH-T879 model at any time of the photos get to see this. TREMENDOUS scam DECEPTION&#34;

I actually am Korean-American who actually born in South Korea which I actually have somewhat pride of being Korean. This is one of few things that makes me proud that I am Korean. I love stuffs from Samsung and this phone....so proud of Samsung and Korea. Only thing that I feel bad is...why Samsung choose Europe lunch first rather than Korea or even US? Oh, and I just thought the reason is that Euro worth more than dollar or Won, So....oh well. The money was a huge problem to me, but I knew it was worth it and gave all to this phone. I now have a little (really a tiny) stretch that makes me to kill myself....OTL (b/c this is a master piece of 2011 !!!!!) I can't compare to Apple. This is just....well everyone who use the phone would understand. Only problem I have now is that when I put my song in such as Korean or J-pop the word wracks. I have error on there and I am not sure how to make changes...but I will deal with that. Thanks for selling this wonderful device!!! I love it!!! The wide screen always makes me smile. (> 3 &lt;)

Got this Big Baby yesterday. Also bought the 64GB SD for it. I was able to get the Straight Talk Service for it and let me tell you I am very impressed with the connection speeds using Straight Talk. For $45 bucks a month I am not going to complain one bit. The screen is beautiful, web browsing is just great, the phone slides in to my jeans pocket and I can sit down with it in my pocket with no problem. I would be careful if you get this phone because you might not want to put it down. Perfect for anyone who uses a tablet on the go for work. Microsoft Office documents come across just fine. I was able to open Power Point presentations and annotate them with the S-Pen, then email back to the originator. Really glad I picked this up. Lots of features still waiting to explore. Oh yeah, Kindle books look great on it to. So do movies from Netflix and Hulu.

It worked fine but it died after a year of use! :(The telephone was outstanding, as much as I have bought the note 3.

i love this phone.  as a longtime iphone user, i was skeptical.  although.there are certain things the iphone does better, i am happy with ny switch

I almost bought on this weekend.I am thankful I asked around at work.With no Proxy support in android it is just a big paper weight at work.To bad. I will stick with a dumb phone and smart PC for now.Be careful before you buy this if you need to use it at work.Check with you IT department before you buy.here is a link to the ticket if you want to see the wonderful goggle response on it.[...]

This phone is one of the best phones ever. so much that I have to review it. I am a tech junkie and that means I love to collect phones and resell them. I have owned in the past: Nokia 6290, KIRF iPhone 4(lol), Samsung Galaxy S II GT-i9100, LG Thrill 4G, Samsung Focus i917, HTC Sensation 4G, Sony Tablet S 32GB. None of these can compare to the mere presence of the Galaxy Note.Build Quality 10/10: Has a very sturdy feel to it, choice of materials is your opinion. It is made out of plastic, but not anything cheap. I prefer the plastic b/c if Samsung had opted to choose a type of metal e.g. aluminum it would feel very heavy and uncomfortable in hand.Call Quality 9/10: Produces some very nice tones and clear vocals. The volume could be have higher volume output, but nothing that would make me hate it.Multimedia 10/10: Witht he Super AMOLED HD screen makes viewing pictures and videos a plus. Even encoded in 1080p videos are smooth and jitters, I don't know why somepeople do this b/c the resolution on the Note is 1280x800 not 1920x1080. Gaming is very smooth thanks to the Mali 400GPU.UI Speed 9/10: Smooth for the most part, but sometimes when switched on to a live wallpaper, it sometimes jitters a bit. Also, when getting an overview of all your items the transition is not real smooth. But everything else like scrolling and launching apps is smooth.Text Input 9/10: The keyboard is standard, nothing great about it. It is a delightful to type with two hands in landscape or potrait, but not with one hand unless you have insanely large fingers lol. I think they could have made better use if they put a number row on top since of the large real estate you get.Battery 9/10: I'm a big battery user and I get 5-6hrs. on it, if you're light user it'll probably last you a day or more. You get a 2500mah battery which is half the amount used in 10.1in. tablets.Internet 10/10: Very fast and of course like any Android out there supports flash. Very smooth and text is easy to read b/c of the WXGA resolution. No lag at all.Camera 10/10: This is a mobile phone is by far one of the best camera out there on a mobile handset. Pictures are crisp and colorful, no graininess well I haven't taken night pictures yet, only in daytime. Video capturing is a very awesome experience too with a smooth framerate in 1080p.Everyday Usage 10/10: Use it everyday.Display: One of the main reasons to get it of not the main reason. The Super AMOLED HD has a resolution of 1280x800 not 1280x720 like the Galaxy Nexus or Optimus LTE(ATT Nitro HD). 5.3in. makes browsing the internet and reading eBooks a pleasure.Overall I'd give this phone a 9.5/10 only b/c of not producing a Super AMOLED+ HD screen since it would look better, but the plus is not to get worked up over. Oh yes, another thing many users including I notice black splotches when putting on a completely back background. Their tiny and you won't notice the splotches at all if you have other colors around. This is not just the Galaxy Note all other Super Amoled HD devices have it including the Motorola Razr/Droid Razr and the Galaxy Nexus. Only a few have been blessed without them.I own the International White Samsung Galaxy Note btw and it looks amazing!

I am really surprised at all the negative reviews by the bloggers and tech writers about the phone. I personally think none of them have ever touched or used this phone before making a judgement. I'll sum it up.1. Is it a phone or a tablet?? - Tablets are not practical to carry around and if you enjoy 11" screen vs 55" tv, i cannot argue with you. Tablets are cool, and if only browse and chat they are  better buy than pc or mac , in terms of both price and simplicity.  Coming to note, it is a phone which has the most usable internet experience coz of it's size and execution.2. It is not bulky, it is super sleek and very light - Forget what these bloggers are saying , if you don't believe me, hold your iphone and hold the gigantic galaxy note in you hand and you be the judge. Don't let it's size fool you. It's bigger screen is really a + for multimedia , but is weighs the same as you 4" phone. Also my hands are not big but i am still able to operate the note with one hand.3. It does fit in pocket very easily - Again it is the execution. The phone is so light and thin that you hardly notice it. Agreed it won't fit in your back pocket but i don't think most people keep their phone in the back. And all those apple folks with the gigantic otter box on iphone, please stop whining about big and bulky.4. It is very very fast - the browser is superfast when you get 4g LTE or wifi. There are few software quirks, but those are limited to android and the integration, both of which are fixable.5. Amazing display - it takes few days to month to get used to it. It is so bright and vibrant and i felt the colors are over saturated, but again our eyes are trained to watch the faded ones. Once you use this for few days you will love it and please do not put any screen protector that could reduce it's brightness or else you will be disappointed.6. Stylus is very functional and almost close to perfect - it's a huge leap from what we used in palm :). The stylus feature is very useful for me as i am able to comment on the designs my designers send me for reviews. Do i use stylus all the time? NO. But again the subtle features like this is what makes this phone great. Now i have a phone that can call, browse the internet easily and faster, take beautiful pictures, act as a gps, help me in my profession and in the night act as a night stand, guess all i can ask more if it's got a D#&% massager...seriously.7. GPS - with screen so big, Google's navigation is a delight.Overall I am very happy with this phone. I am an entrepreneur and technologist and i was so much waiting for a device like this and i can totally assure you that samsung has lived up to the expectation with the very 1st execution. I am sure it'll improve a lot in coming years.  In fact bigger is only better , if it knows what it is doing ;) and galaxy is a prime example of that.

This is hand's down the best smart phone currently released in the US, if you can handle the size. This is definitely a big phone, but for most guys, it still fits as comfortably in your hands and pockets. I say "as comfortably" because I already detest having the iphone in my pocket, such as when I am siting, even though it is already such a puny phone.The screen is large and full HD carrying all the awesomeness for which Samsung screens are known.I recommend the phone as I have had no regrets buying it at full price 4 months before it was ever released in the US (since all the good phones sans iphone take forever to make it pass US regulations and phone company greed).

This is my opinions of the N7000 not the downgraded AT&T; version.I currently use a Galaxy Nexus i9250 GSM and I have been using Android OS4 for about two months so this will of course color my opinion.The N7000 I used was running Android 2.3.5 and had a broken SIM socket, I bought this from the Amazon warehouse outlet and now I know why it was there in the first place. I was unable to use the cellular parts of the phone because of this.I was intrigued with the Note since it launch due to the impressive specs and I felt the very large screen would be a plus since I read a lot of e books on my phone.I was hesitant to buy this because of my very poor experience using ATT's Captivate primarily because of TouchWiz but this phone has the latest TouchWiz version and no carrier bloat and had very good reviews so I decided to give it try.First impressionWow! beautiful phone,awesome display, bright, and vibrant.I like the home button, its convenient having a very easy to find way to wake the phone in the dark.Camera took very nice pictures, a bit better than the Nexus but not nearly as fast as the Nexus.No Carrier bloatware and tethering is enabled just like it should be.The bad (my opinion)TouchWiz, I really enjoyed the minimalist software approach the Nexus has. TouchWiz has taken the opposite approach, there are loads of apps I may not use and nearly every application has been modified from the stock versions in some way. This wouldn't be so bad except you can not uninstall them for example social hub, music hub, readers hub, and photo editor. These are just some that I would have chucked if I could.I find TouchWiz to have no advantage over the stock launcher and would rather just not have it to start with.What I would like to see from Samsung and for that matter any android phone manufacturer is a stock Android install where the custom applications and launcher are optional and can be installed or removed at will. This would perhaps make updating the OS quicker and get the Android community closer to having a current os on every device.Yes, I could have rooted and installed custom firmware but would rather not spend my time fixing something that shouldn't be broken to start with.I returned the phone due to the SIM socket problem and ordered another Nexus because of TouchWiz.

I never write reviews. I only read them. I have been an Apple user for years because I believe in their quality. I've been using the Galaxy note now for about 7 days. It really does eliminate need for any other device to be carried around, it does it all - and it does it all excellently!I'm not going to talk about any specifics because everything you want to do (business or entertainment) works perfectly. If you're considering this device I highly suggest going for it. You will not  regret it one bit. I like this Note so much I find myself not even using my iMac at home. If I could rate the Galaxy Note 10 stars, I'd do it in a heart beat!Purchased through Amazon, the best place to shop on the planet!I'm up to 3 weeks now using the GN every day, and my original 5 star rating stands solid. I use it all day long for a multitude of things (everything you can do on a tablet and a phone) and the battery typically will have around 50% left at the days end. This ...is an astounding device!

I have had this phone since Thanksgiving 2011 (international version) and I have nothing but good thing to say.Great Battery live- 36 with light use (check email, sent text) 24 with heavy use (Netflix's, YouTube, and talking).My WI-FI is always on and still get great battery life.The screen looks great, almost as good as retina display from the Iphone.The pen does have use, mainly shopping list for me.Processor is fast and can run a decent amount of apps with issue.This beast of a phone is not huge in my pocket; I'm a guy.I definitely DO NOT regret this purchase!!!

Bought the Note a few weeks ago from "Addicted to Phones" - guaranteed Amazon shipping.Shipped to the USA. Recommend this seller - gave me exactly what I wanted  - a factory sealed UK version of Note - shipped on-time to USA.Played with the "Note" a lot in Korea - so knew what to expect.  I already own Galaxy SII, Galaxy Tab - and this thing will replace both of them.Plus Points:1.  Note is very fast - 1.4 GHz dual-core is zippy.2.  Super Amoled Plus screen is a beauty- first thing people say when they see the phone err... tablet ??3.  Easy to configure to work with HSPA+ ATT network in USA.4.  Screen size is perfect balance for full page web browing versus portability.5.  Battery life is good - easily lasts all day.6.  Charges from micro USB - better than 30 pin connector amperage charging nonsense with Galaxy Tab.7.  Great for Note taking - and linking to calendar appointments - screen capture with pen is useful.Negative Points:1.  Small gripe - not many cases or Samsung accessories to be had yet - but starting to become available.2.  Ships with Gingerbread - but Ice Cream upgrade is going to be available soon (according to Samsung).Overall:I was looking for a full functional device with extreme portability - and it has delivered big time.  With good battery life and micro- USB charging - my galaxy SII and galaxy tab's are gathering dust. I highly recommend this device - but best to get some hands-on with it before deciding to part with your green. Sure its a little large to hold - but you get used to it - OK for me - but maybe not for everyone.

I purchased this phone because i wanted to replace my laptop n have a device that would perform all the proccesses that i perform on my laptop it does with one main issue you have to use a laptop to upgrade the os. This is like getting on the best cruise ship only to find out that they wont untie from the dock.

I was very hesitant in purchasing the GN after reading the stories about possible problems connecting to at&t. All i have to say is buy it already, im sure you were doing research on it. If you have a regular data plan with att, (not a prepaid plan) you will have no problems connecting the GN.I have an unlimited data plan for 4g phones, however, you will have to change your apn settings (the info is on one of the comments posted on amazon). I have successfully connected to HSPA+, talk, text and web working flawlessly. I highly recommend this phone to anybody that prefers the best. Watch out apple here comes the GN. The display us fabulous, the look and feel is fabulous, the entire phone/tab is fabulous. JUST ORDER IT, you wont regret it.

This is by far the best phone I ever owned, and that's not just due to the extra screen space which to me is a definite plus but the screen quality is absolutely magnificent. Super AMOLED screens are eye candy on their own and on the Note there's just more of it. Surfing the web, tweeting, reading books or just playing games on this phone is a true one of a king experience.One disadvantage of this phone is the power consumption which is drastic but that's understandable due to the enormous screen size, but you can't have everything, it's not a drastic sacrifice for having this beautiful phone.Is this phone too big to use as a phone? I sometimes get that feeling, but I am willing to oversee that for the beauty of using this phoneUpdate: After using the device for 8 months now, I can't even look at an S2 because I got used to this marvelous screen size. I updated to Ice Cream Sandwich and it works great on this beast. I would never give this baby up except perhaps for the upcoming 5.7" Note 2 :)

Ok, so I like almost everything about this Samsung Galaxy Note "phablet" because I also have a Samsung Galaxy 10.1 tablet that I love, however, there are some exceptions that qualify as buyer's remorse for the Galaxy Note: 1-There is no external light to alert you to unopened messages. 2- While connected to Samsung's docking station it works great in daylight but, not smart enough to dim screen enough in the dark. You will not like this device on your nightstand...  Even adjusting to minimum screen dimming it lights up the entire room.  Dimming adjustment should be programmed to dim to zero and/or almost zero brightness. 3- Also while docked, there are no options as to what notification you get or not.  At night I would like to receive phone calls only and nothing else (no email, SMS, appointments, etc.).  Again, simple programming option could be written and included in updates to software. The only option is full silent. Maybe the programmers need to use a Blackberry for a week to get some good ideas in this area of in-out of protective cover and the automatic "bedtime mode" options while docked.  4- Do you want to watch a screenplay of your pictures and videos on your HDTV?  Forget it.  Even if you buy Samsung's own HDTV Smart Adaptor, it simply does not work.  You will have to upload media to your computer, watch it there, or transfer to a device that will work through a HDMI port on the TV.  Bottom line of this lack of functionality is a big disappointment if you plan to use the Galaxy Note to show presentations on any hotel A/V systems.  5- Also, there is no way to find/control your phone from the Internet.  The European model manual says that when you log on to your Samsung account and your Gmail account at the same time it automatically connects your PC and Galaxy Note.  US model does not. 6- The pen is cute and seems like a fun tool but, you handy work will crash if you attach as an MMS. It will attach to an email just fine. Also, if you touch the screen with your palm while handwriting over any of the bottom buttons, it will launch that button.  Again, programming should disable those buttons at the bottom while you are using the pen.  And, last for now, and the WORST:  Samsung support has not been helpful with any of the above.  They say simply that they do not have information coving the issues that I have.

I now have a large screen that fits in my pocket.  Still waiting for the Jelly Bean OS which was released months ago.  I left the iPhone/iPod for this, and it is great for reading on the bus and has many of the great basic apps like News 360, 2Do, dictation, as on the Apple products.  Don't be afraid to switch, except for the slow OS upgrade cycle from Samsung.  At least they are upgrading Android, unlike other phone manufacturers.

I have had mobile phones since they came out with the carry bag an place the antena on top of your car phone. After 1 month of ownership, with out any doubt i can say that the Galaxy Note is by far the best mobile phone i have ever use. The Note is what I have always wanted a phone to be able to do, and it does far more than i need. Great reception, big easy to see beautiful display, i normally get 14-16 hours per day usage and still have over 50% battery left, very fast fluid operation, (totally stock international version). Samsung finally got the size of a mobile phone about right, myself i woundnt even care if it was another inch bigger, I am using it under the gophone plan with no issues. There is also a great development comunity at xda developers.com and samsung has a update for the Note to Android 4.0 scheduled for release sometime in March. A mouse can be connected and used, bluetooth keyboards memory sticks and many wacom drawing tablet pens can be use on the Note also. The Note is my perfect mobile phone! I highly recomend the Galaxy Note International ver.

For work I've carried an iPad for documents and a phone for comms, but no more, the Galaxy Note does both jobs, and it does them well!  It is absolutely pocketable, and while it looks big for a phone, the moment you pull out the stylus for a note it looks small for a tablet leaving people confused- hilarious;)  Note-taking is good but pen button could be better.  Battery life still testing but initial looks fantastic for a phone, good for a tablet.  Camera is fine and the screen is best I've ever seen.  HIGHLY recommended if you want to use your 'phone' for documents and notes and 'work'!

Being an American, I was disappointed to see the changes that ATT made to this phone on the US model. Sure, I would have preferred LTE, but I wasn't willing to give up Samsungs Exynos for the lame Snapdragon processer. I began shopping online for the international unlocked model and came across this offering from amazon. After much debate, I decided to give this unlocked phone a shot and ordered it with overnight shipping. Being a very hesitant iPhone 4S, I can give all of you fellow iPhone users great advice if you're considering this device. I don't consider myself a apple or android fanboy because I love both platforms.So I took the plunge and have had the phone for three days now. While unboxing the phone, I found myself feeling an old feeling come rushing back.  It reminded me of the excitement of getting my first iPhone.  I pulled it out of the box and for the first time, truly appreciated the huge 5.3 inch hd screen. I rushed to the AT&T; store and was given a new sim card (with great customer service) and off I went. I quickly ran into some problems with the APN settings though which caused some problems surfing the web. After about an hour of searching, I finally found the correct apn settings that worked with my device. All problems fixed, off I went exploring a whole new world of android. I found all of the same apps I was used to with iOS and some new ones that made android feel great. I have no complaints so far and am truly enjoying the device.I wanted to address a couple of key points with this phone that I feel are pertinent.1) I am experiencing better battery life with the Note than I was with my iPhone 4S. I never thought I would see the day that android matched iOS in this department.2) The S pen (stylus) is neat. I won't be using it much, but it is a worthy idea.3) I truly recommend this phone over the AT&T; version. I feel that they crippled this phone to make it compatible with AT&T;'s LTE network.I'll still keep my iPhone 4S as a just in case device, but I don't see going back to Apple any time soon (iPhone 5 maybe).If you need any APN settings help, feel free to contact me via the reviewer contact link.

Good choice for my first smartphone it seems to do everything except go the the bathroom for me. good size, still fits in pocket

Great product.  The size is perfect, I bring it everywhere in my pocket.  I used to have to carry a bag to bring my IPAD 2 places.  Steve Jobs was wrong.  The stylus is here to stay.  The S-pen is a great feature and I use it often.  Only wish the phone was a bit "Snappier".  At times it feels a bit sluggish.

This phone is exactly as advertized and more.  I love it so much tha tI have already purchased the note 2, and now use the note, as my international travel phone.

I have been a die hard iphone fan from day one but this galaxy note eats the iPhone's lunch in just about every way imaginable. Screen is big and beautiful, color satiation is wonderful, battery life is as good if not better then the iphone4 even with the bigger screen. The best thing about the phone is that i can go outside and...... get this.... i can see my screen !!!!!!!!!!

This should be a 5 star review and it isnt because of the older version of Android running on the Note. It will receive an update to ICS in the new year and than i have zero suggestions on how to make this phone-tablet any betteras a phone, it is chunky and if you think about it really, when was the last time you held your phone up to your ear? you either have a BT headset or a pair of wired headsets plugged in so you can listen to your music or power walk through the city while doing 6 other things at the same time.it has power, it has the looks and the size is fantastic.while an impressive device, it is pricey.would recommend this to anyone, everyone

Unit arrived and had nothing but problems, had to get Amazon involved to finally get it returned for a refund and purchase something else from somewhere else.

Everything is good except the screen.People who want to watch movie with this device should know that in the darkness, it can't represent black color well. Sometimes there is border line.If you're sensitive person, it would really bother you when you watch movies.

Now my laptop is always at home. Don't need anything but this monster. I review technical drawings and plans, watch 3d models, edit cnc programs, edit and create BOM and quotations, take photos, draw things, sketch, sketch and dimension on photos, take videos, drive around town with GPS and Waze, check my email all the time, I teach so I grade my students and sync their grades with google docs in real time, listen to my music with my car radio, I keep control of my car's mileage, watch movies on Netflix with my tv, play scrabble and angry birds... And there's a lot of things I don't know yet! and a lot am forgetting at this moment!Want to buy another one for my wife, now!

Just picked up the phone about 2 hours ago. ITS THE BEST. Just the right size to be a workable tablet. IPAD users eat your heart out. I can put it in my pocket, easily whip it out and find what i need. Writing with the stylist is great. I just went on the web and WOW, the presentation of information is impressive. I LOVE IT.my Atrix looks so small now. Pictures are beautiful. The Android interface is fast, easy, and designed well.

WOW! =D"Wow" is what you will say when you open the box for the first time.I upgraded from the Droid X to the disappointing Nexus(14 days and took it back)and now the amazing Galaxy Note.I'm in the Salt Lake City area so I'm limited to At&t; and T-Mobil. I went with T-Mobil cuz they are half the cost of AT&T.;T-mobil limits the internet usage to their Edge network or 2G. Im ok with that cuz I have wifi at home and at work.No problems at all having it activated... I first activated it at ATT easy...  Then the next day with Tmobil easy...The only problem I had was trying to leave the store...  all the sale associates couldn't keep their hands off it.You know you have a really great smartphone when actual Cell Phone Associates worship its every movement. It waskinda creepy in the AT&T; store...  I felt like Frodo from the Lord of the Rings as I tried to leave the store."Let me see my precious". Each associate took their turn with my precious Galaxy Note. After some time I finallymade it out of the store, however, not without my poor Note feeling a bit weak and violated. =)Battery last "Forever" if compared to other battery sucking smart phones.Thus far, I see no reason why this phone could disappoint.

The Galaxy Note is the best smartphone I ever seen. Contains everything you need, but with a superb performance and capabilities. If you really want to have the best, you MUST have a Galaxy Note.

Received the item promptly. Kudos to Global Mobiles and Amazon delivery service. Great phone, great camera, GPS is very very fast. Phone speakers are not so great in comparison with iphone 4. But a great device nevertheless. Those who need everything in one small device (for what it can do), go ahead and grab one.

First of all, just disregard all the negative reviews from Apple fanboy sites and the like, get this phone, try it for yourself and if you don't like it, you can always return it. Think for yourself. And guess what, I am sure 9/10 of you will like it. The 1 guy that won't like it is probably hardcore Apple sheep and he probably doesn't like it because Apple and the ghost Steve Jobs tell him not to.Joking aside, this thing is super convenient to take along during long flights and during short trips. The big screen makes it very pleasant to view contents on the web (Youtube, video, pdf, you name it). Also, having an S-pen is a plus. Have any of you ever written a shopping list of things to buy before going to the supermarket ? This thing is a life saver. You can easily write your shopping list and cross them out after you bought them. It's super environmental friendly too.Typical usage of the Note in my cases:1) Manga reader (holy crap, this thing is built for reading manga. It has the right size and is very portable so I can take literally hundreds of mangas with me on the go).2) Movie and TV shows (it's like having a plasma or 1080p LCD TV at the palm of your hands, color and contrast are amazing).3) Quick note taking (when you are on the phones and need to take down some quick notes or shopping list).4) Ebook reader.5) Gaming: this thing can do emulation with ease, with the latest opengl plugin, you can easily upscale your favorite games on the big screen and this thing has more than enough computing power to deliver very good gaming experience for your favorite classics.6) Filling forms in PDF. I constantly need to sign a lot of form as the nature of my job. Having this really helps. I can use the S-pen and the annotation feature to review and sign any form my clients send to me on the go. Super convenient. I wasn't be able to do that with my iPad 1 and other Android tablets.7) Mobile web browsing on the go. The added screen resolution and real estate really helps.That's my nominal usages out of this device. I do also use it occasionally for things that are not listed here like youtube or casual pics taking. The camera is also quite good so you won't be disappointed. After having this device, I started to wonder why people buy into the bigger tablet or the iPad hype. iPad is simply massive and a pain to carry around compared to this. If you want to get an iPad, get a laptop and you will be able to get more works done on the go. I sold my iPad 1 to another iSucker and have never really looked back. Good thing that I was able to think for myself and chose the device suited for my needs. Now it's your turns.

FUN, FUN, FUN. Everybody else is all about the this and the that. YA YA YA. Its just a fun phone to use. I have been waiting for a new IPHONE with a large 5 inch screen, but I don't think its going to happen. Love the large bright screen. Love the media functions. Fantastic for movies, and music. I signed onto Tmobile for now. Just for the phone and text no data. Waiting for ATT to get onboard. Network with verizon. Very fast. No streaming problems. Wonderful camera both sides. Kies for syncing is very easy to use. Bottomline, the device will do alot with just the preloaded apps. More android apps coming everyday.

If you intend to always have your laptop or tablet with you and immediately accessible, then the Galaxy Note is still a good choice for a phone. But if you expect to often be using your phone instead of the laptop or tablet that you don't have with you at that moment, then no other device I know of comes even close to the Galaxy Note. It fits in all the same places where my iPhone 4G used to fit (mostly my front pants pocket,) and it does just as good a job when used as a phone. (Some people think the larger size looks strange when used for voice calls, but I don't, and I've gotten only positive comments.)Now however, my phone also serves as my tablet without me needing to carry an additional device or have an additional data plan. That's huge for me, since I would carry my tablet in a bag and now I just don't carry the bag. I can also do a lot of real work that I normally do on my laptop.I used to have my tablet at home for media consumption and communications, and carry my laptop with me from work to home for more serious work. Now I have given away the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet (btw was/is a great tablet), and I leave my laptop in the office most nights. The only thing I move around is my Galaxy Note. Big change.The Swype keyboard works quite well for me, and I've written multiple paragraphs without discomfort, but I'm thinking of getting a bluetooth keyboard to put in my travel bag, in case I want to do a lot of writing on the plane.Android 2.3.6 works well. I'm hoping ICS will be even better when it arrives, supposedly in a few months. A small thing is that when a text box appears and the cursor is blinking in it, why do I need to touch the text box to bring up the keyboard?I transferred my AT&T; Sim card from my iPhone to the Note, and then entered the APN information given in one of the other reviews to get the data working. It all worked well, EXCEPT that I didn't realize that the iPhone uses a micro SIM, but the Galaxy Note uses a standard size SIM, which cost me two days. Maybe ATT would have swapped SIM cards for me, but I didn't ask; I just ordered a micro Sim to standard Sim adapter for a couple dollars from Amazon and waited for it to arrive. The adapter works well, and now I can swap my Sim amongst devices, regardless of what size Sim they use, at least until the industry inevitably invents the next smaller size Sim card.I bought an HDMI adapter for the Note, and it works well, although I was surprised to learn that it needs a separate usb power input in addition to connecting it between the Note and the TV. So now I can watch videos on the TV. The TED Air app let's me download the TED talks in HD to the Note. The Note's screen is plenty big enough to watch the videos comfortably on the Note, or the HDMI adapter lets me watch them on the bigger screen, where they look great. Non-HD web videos will not look as good of course.The USB power adapter that came with the Note is European with a US adapter on top. So it's a little long. However, the Note's cable is standard USB on one end and standard Micro B USB on the other, so I've just been using my old iPhone USB power adapter. No doubt this is only an issue with the unlocked phone; I'm sure when the US carriers finally start selling the Note in the US, it will come with a standard US adapter. I was worried that there might be more issues with the fact that the phone was not made for the US market, but that's all I've noticed so far, except that when it starts up for the first time, the question of what language you want to use is asked in German. What's being asked is sort of obvious to anyone who's started up a phone before, but just in case they include in the package a little piece of paper to tell you which selection to make to switch everything to English. Just takes a second.Of course there's a lot to say about how good the screen, the camera, etc. etc. are, but you can get that info from the specs and other reviews. This phone really is excellent in just about every respect. In this review, I've tried to focus on 1) "Is it too big, or is it exactly the optimal size to do the multi-function job I want while staying as fully portable as my old phone." [Answer: the latter.] And 2) "Is it going to be a problem buying an unlocked non-US phone?" [Answer: It's mostly fine, although a) you may need to exchange your  micro Sim for a new standard Sim card form factor or buy an adapter in order to switch your Sim from your current phone (don't put a micro Sim in the Note's standard size Sim slot or it may go in deep enough to be difficult to get out), and b) you might find it a little weird entering the APN settings in order to get your data connection working--I had never done it before, but I just followed the steps outlined in the Amazon review by "san diego best weather" and it worked immediately.I've only had the Note a week. So far, I'm very, very pleased.

I like this phone very much! And if you're concered about the size, you will forget about it as soon as you see the cool features of the phone. I just love it.

Best phone on the planet, does everything android plus, i would recommend this phone to everyone not one single disappointment.......

Great purchase, I'm loving it! I have the phone for about 3 months and after you get used to it you will love it. It's not too big as some guys said. It fit in every kind of pockets, so don't worry about that. Good quality materials, screen size is great and the quality also. It has a very good quality camera, picture are very natural and the HD video looks great also. Now, after 3 months of use, the battery works 2 days, sometimes 3 days, with a normal use. Now, Iphone looks like a toy for me. The single thing that can be improve in my opinion is the speaker volume, but it's not a big problem, it's great even so.

If you go into the Gallery App and look at dark wallpaper pictures you will see something called color banding.....and go watch the Dark Knight Rises trailer..it show alot of pixelation during dark scenes....

I got this phone today, and i couldn't be happier. i ditched my iphone for it and it was the best decision ever. It's not too big for anything. im 5' 9'' 115lb woman and it fits fine in my hand and my super skinny jean pockets. Everyone ditch your little phones and pick up the best device in cell phone history. not to mention its lightning fast. it downloaded words with friends in 5 seconds

There's no way around it: the Galaxy Note is the best phone you can get right now. It leads everybody in inches and pixels, is up there in terms of storage (save for the Iphone, but with the benefit of micro-SD storage), has a top of line processor, the standard day long battery life (which is a reach for many top of line Android devices, especially the beautifully built HTC line), and Samsung's signature plastic yet solid built. The camera, while not the best out there, is far superior to the Nexus' (which, remember, doesn't support micro-SD). The only way around it is not considering it a phone, but let's be honest here: it would be silly (if not moronic) to carry the Note AND a phone around; it fits (if barely) a pocket, it makes calls without a earpiece, so it's a phone. While I'm not particulary found of tablets, I do love smartphones, and I took the leap of faith to buy the huge "phablet" Note for phone only use. But really, make no mistake, it's a big phone, NOT a small tablet. And boy did a make a good choice. The screen is absolutely stellar to the point of putting my old HTC Deside HD to shame; there's no way to come back to the tiny 4.3 non-HD screen. It's funny how the once considered huge 4.3 screen has been dwarfed by the Note's. The performance is top-notch by any standart as it handles every task you throw it's way. And there's no complaint whatsoever about handling the big device. So much is said about the difficult one-hand use of the phone; well, it's a good thing then that I happen to have two of them! The lone problem for me is that I preferred to carry my old phone in the shirt pocket, but using the pants pocket is just fine. Granted, the Note doesn't ship with Ice Cream Sandwich, but it's a safe bet it won't take long for Samsung to upgrade the operational sistem. In short, there's no better Android option around, and I can guarantee you'll get used to the size of the device if you keep an open mind and care about quality and performance. As for the Iphone, you may get a better camera and more storage, but really, it's like comparing a Hyundai Sonata with a Fiat 500 (I live in Brazil; don't blame me, that's what I have here to compare). Remember when the Iphone's 3.5 screen was considered too big, four years ago? Me neither.

When I first got my iPhone back in 2008, it was the coolest "thing" that I had ever had.  It did everything and made all so simple. I graduated to Android with the Nexus One and then the Desire HD, but it wasn't until now that I've found a device that knocked my old first gen iPhone off the perch of the coolest "thing" I've ever had.The screen is huge and now any other phone (including my 4.3in Desire HD) seems tiny. Once you get this phone and start using it, you will be hard pressed to try and go back to anything else. Android 2.3.6 is polished and the Note is supposed to be one of the first phones to get ICS in 2012 so things should only get better.My only issue issue is that the headphones that came with the Note are faulty. The earpiece works fine but the Mic is crap so nobody can hear me. I haven't heard back from the seller, but if I pay $700 for something, all the pieces should work out of the box.Other than that, the phone is a work of art. Light, thin, silky smooth interface, beautiful screen, and don't forget about the s-pen. I've given up my rooted Nook Color and now use this for everything. I wonder if North Koreans get jealous because South Koreans make such cool stuff....

I have never had a smart phone and this was given to me from a friend in the U.K. to U.S.A. I have the international version etc. I will say this I love this phone and will never choose another phone again. This has everything I need to keeping track to my gmail's all my social media and for my business. This makes things so much easier. Though the batter life isn't so 5star maybe like 3 1/2 for batter life thought I bought on amazon. This phone unlocked i had takes a standard sim card. I didn't use att or verizon to hook it up to thought about some other companies then came across solave/T-mobile signal etc another no contract anyhow i activated my phone with them and bam love it.. no issues what so ever. they had a $49 unlimited talk text data 4g national plan so if u get this phone unlocked and you want to save money go to [...] and connect it with them great service. But, i won't get another phone again this phone does it all!!! now i know why it's so expensive.

I have been using Galaxy Note for few weeks now and am very satisfied with the performance and features.  The battery life issue was resolved by turning off GPS and WiFi, and stop unnecessary apps from running in the background.If you go to compare-cellphones .org and compare the Note against iPhone 5 you will see that this phone outperforms iPhone 5, not to mention Note II.

Bought this for my husband so he could switch providers.  Came unlocked as promised and so far he loves it.  He is a real estate agent so this is perfect for him to check his emails, text, and search the internet easily.  It's a little big but that's the beauty of it.

I'm taking my chance to ask, so if anyone knows-will this work in Tajikistan and can this be set to Russian interface? it's important,i'm searching for a great smartphone either Samsung or this or Nokia to give to a friend speaking Russian and in Tajikistan..anybody who knows,please tell me,

I just ordered the Note after selling my GSM Galaxy Nexus.  I have AT&T; in the US.  After reading numerous complaints from Note users on AT&T;, it seems they are receiving texts from AT&T; saying they need a tablet data plan.  If ignored, AT&T; simply shuts down the data, rendering the phone useless.Is this even legal?  I am nervous about putting my SIM in this thing when it arrives since I have grandfathered unlimited data.  If AT&T; plays games and tries to cancel my plan, claiming this large phone is a tablet (which it is NOT a tablet) I will be supremely pissed.So, AT&T; users in the US.  When did you put your SIM in for the first time and how long have you used it without threats from AT&T;?  Those who did get a threat, how long did it take?*** 12/20 edit ***In an effort to fiend off the angry mob of negative voters, I'd thought I would add to my review.  Received my Note yesterday, rooted it, backed up and deleted the EFS folder, set the APN settings and all seems to be well.  Working fine and it's an amazing device.  I do still, worry that AT&T; will hunt me down with the accusatory text saying I'm using a tablet not a smartphone.So, for now, I plan on keeping this for a long time as it's an incredible device.  If AT&T; acts up, I'll return it and get something else.  So, if you are on the fence and have AT&T; in the US, don't just plop you SIM in and go unless you want to open a debate with the carrier about a tablet vs. phone argument.*** Additional Edit ***Keep down rating me all you want, but I have a gift for you all.  I personally worked with product managers at AT&T; and they realized the Note's IMEI's were incorrectly classified as tablets.  Because of my working with them, an issue was identified and corrected with the Note's IMEI and now they are recognized in AT&T;'s system as a smartphone.Since links are deleted, go to XDA-developers dot com, forums, Galaxy Note, Q&A; forum and see the thread titled "AT&T; users of Galaxy Note - I was able to remedy the tablet issue!!!"Have a good one and I would appreciate all the knee-jerk negative ratings to be re-thought.  This took me many hours to accomplish and it's for the greater good of us all.

First, it is way too large for use as a phone. Second, it is not as intuitive as an iPhone (I am using the latest the iPhone 4s). The email program is not as easy to use and one cannot erase all messages at one time. You have to erase them one at a time.Yes, the resolution is good, but the size is awkward. I'd rather use the combination of an iPad and iPhone, instead.I stand corrected about erasing all messages at one time -- you cannot do it on the iPhone either.

this is the best smartphone on the market so far...great camera, fast cpu, excellent display screen,friendly software and millions of apps for it...

I love this phone for the most part.  It has been easier to not have to carry around 2 devices (note pad and cell).  The only real complaint that i have with it, is the alarms!  They don't seem to go off as they are supposed too.  I would say it was my phone, but my boyfriend and I both purchased this phone, and he has the same issue as I do.  Other than that - it's awesome! It's a bit big and that does take some getting used too - I love the pen and S-note application on the phone.  I find myself using that more than any other feature on the phone.Great purchase, just wish AT&T; were a better service provider. We only switched to purchase these phones, and I'm truly sorry we did (switch providers).

When I bought this phone I loved the big screen and S pen features.  Too bad the software is a joke!  It constantly freezes, it's really laggy, and it's impossible to back up the phone, even with the latest version of Samsung's software.Samsung might make a compelling product on paper, but it's quality and fit and finish (it feels cheap--- and IS cheap!) are sorely lacking.Do yourself a favor and buy a competing product.  This is just a joke.  I don't believe in trashing stuff unnecessarily, this phone is just that bad

revolutionary phone, iphone 4s father, I have the samsung galaxy S the galaxy tablet 7 inches and now I buy the note, it really is impressive, the speed the display of wonders all around, and I realize it, the iPhone and its line want to make every day a new model, want to detract from this phone, but they will not achieve lords samsung congratulate them on their products in general remain so thank you very much

The first thing you'll notice about this phone is its size. If you can look pass that, you might consider it because of precisely that, the screen size. You would also expect that because of this screen, that one of the main usage of this device would be for video playbacks/pictures etc.And you would be right - Samsung marketed it as all about their screen as well. However, do beware that it has absolutely horrible banding/screen issues that makes watching any videos with dark scenes (or anything with dark shades of grey for that matter) impossible - they all show up as dirty dark blocks/blobs. (for details, you can read all about it at [...] or [...] or [...]) or just google "samsung note screen issues").The sad part is that their previous AMOLED phones didn't have such issues, but the latest 2 in the series (Note and Nexus) both do! They definitely changed something up in their production recently.When i brought it to Samsung's attention, they refused to acknowledge the problem and claimed that it was perfectly fine. The service center I was at even went as far as to suggest that since their sample model phone they had at the back exhibited the same artifacts, that my phone looked to be in perfect condition. Looking around on various web forums, it seems like this is a fairly widespread problem across Samsung notes (and not the only screen problem mind you, just the most obvious one) and apparently it's due to some poor QC on their part and you might get one that's good (apparently low probability), or one that's horrible like mine. You can try returning it if you're in the US etc but sadly that's not an option in my country, and it's different everywhere, so yes, do check amazon's return policies or wherever else you might buy it before you press the buy button! You just might utilize it for the first time on this particular phone!So yeah, it's basically a lottery to see if you can get a working one. I went around various shops to look at the display units, and they all have varying amount of such screen issues. It would be the above-mentioned bandings or weird screen flickering or strange tints or various combinations of the above, so I'm not even sure what the probability of a "perfect working set" is.Some folks even reported that they have exchanged as much as 10 Notes in an attempt to get one such unit. Since that was not an option for me in my country, all I can do is suck it up and not watch videos/photos with an over-sized smartphone that I basically use like its smaller and much cheaper alternatives :(Or so I thought. Until even with very minimal usage, it was barely 2 months old before the next problem arose - the wifi broke. I just got it fixed a few days ago, but I'm just waiting to see what the next problem will be with this expensive abomination that could have been a great phone, but instead ended up as a frustrating and expensive lesson learnt to never buy anything from Samsung again. The only thing I can do now is hope that the problem is with the software and that ICS (which samsung keeps delaying, prolly due to this very problem) would solve it. I doubt so though.So in conclusion, if you're looking to watch videos on-the-go or use it as a photo-book, get their competitors instead. If you just want a phone with basic web functions/emails and such, get something cheaper instead, you'll end up at the same place after all without a hole in your pocket nor a rock in your pocket.

Normally I write long reviews on the products I buy here but with so many reviewers covering every single aspect of the device then there isn't much to say about the phone...It's every bit of Amazing. I always hesitated to buy this phone but I decided that I just need to try it for myself. I have a iPhone 4s and I've had a Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S II which I sold in favor of the Galaxy note; this phone is much like the SGSII but The Galaxy Note is so much better. From the big gorgeous HD Super AMOLED screen to it's thin design I'm very impressed by Samsung.I knew it was coming to AT&T; in the coming months but I rather spend extra cash for the benefits of having an Unlocked phone and trust me there is many. The battery has lasted me 11+ hours on HEAVY usage! that's not even me using the device at a normal rate I'm sure the battery will last way over 24 hours! Gaming is fun on the device, I'm loving apps like All share and Kies air which allows me to TXT from the PC, Great HD Screen, Android market is has grown more mature, and the experience is very smooth...Its just to many good things to name with this phone. Right now the only thing this phone is missing is ICS (android 4.0) which is suppose to be coming in early 2012.I got mine from the seller TRD-Trading GmbH with guaranteed Amazon shipping. it Came brand new with no problems at all. as of now This is the best Android phone to date! so worth the money.

After having this phone for about a month, updated to Android "Ice Cream Sandwich " I'm seriously left wondering if ANY other phone, (except another Samsung Galaxy), can even come close to being as 'freakin-groovy' as this one. I went with this one and not the Note-2 for, #1 the $200 dollar price difference and #2 there were enough positive reviews & articles around to really gauge what I was buying, as opposed to the spanking new Note-2. Like sooo many others who's reviews I'd read, I wanted a larger screen Android smartphone for on-the-go, a 7" tablet for lounging or having coffee at the neighbors and an iPod 4'th gen. for the gym, car & bike. I don't even like to call it a phone...it's that cool. I have had a few apps jam up but that's likely a bug in the app (not certain though). The phone has so many and really cool features that reading the manual only scratches the surface. Combined w/ the vast app, music & movie selections in our personal media collections, 3'rd party apps off the web (I haven't D-loaded any yet btw) THEN there's the sick amount of media & apps at the Google Play Store AND great utility apps for specific phones in the Samsung Apps library the possibilties are incredible.

I bought Galaxy Note about 10 days ago from amazon and as far as the phone is concerned I would say there is nothing better than it. I had to give up my iPhone 4s to get this one and I am very happy. It does not feel bulky or heavy. I am a female only 5.4" and it does not feel weird or too big even when I am talking on it. No need for a Bluetooth headset. One thing I must say is that the call quality is EXCELLENT. The voice input is just amazing (siri was a joke) this thing really functions the way I wanted it to. I mean for example, I am not a fan of touchscreen keyboard and I find it very challenging to type with it so I just use the voice input which is very convenient and accurate even though I speak English as a third language lol but it never is a problem with the Note it always recognizes what I want to say. Very smooth and feels good. One thing however is that the battery life is not that good if you use the internet too much but that is the same with all smartphones so cannot blame Gnote.When I purchased it from amazon it listed the Note having a US warranty but after waiting for 10 days and confirming it I am sure that this phone does not have any warranty in USA which is the only thing worrying me about this phone because after spending nearly $700 on a phone you expect some kind of protection. I might just go for a third party insurance or something but that is the only drawback of owning this phone that I have to worry about it a lot such as what if I drop it? What if someone steals it because this phone stands out from all. It is too unique and HOT!!! Other than that, I cannot find anything wrong with this phone.

It just does everything perfectly. I like photography and even the camera has proven to be a way to have a pretty good camera with me at all times. I check my mail, read the paper, read books in waiting rooms, plug earbuds with mike in and have a hands free phone when riding on motorcycle. Connects automatically to my car stereo for hand free calls. Even take quick notes with the pen. Once you get used to this it does everything. I have piles of music and have infinite variety on long trips. The batter never seems to run out, although I connect it to charge every night mind. The screen is so crisp that reading even with tiny text is fine without reading glasses for me. I have a portable bluetooth keyboard and tiny stand which I use to type long mails and work through web pages when on trips. Infinitely adaptable through apps. It works great as a GPS. A device like this would have been unimaginable even for a James Bond movie some years back.

This phone kept turning off even with battery life remaining.  Contacted the seller and they would not help me with the problem.  I will be contacting Samsung as it seems the problem is a hardware malfunction.  I just wish I could have worked it out with the seller.

Great phone/tab. Bought it recently. I'm truly in love with this phone. Games like gta 3 and 9mm run smoothly, video playback is great. The various schedular formats are very convenient to use and organise.Don't waste time reading reviews, just buy this phone.Pros: Built-in speakers, Bright display, Durable, Realistic color, Lightweight, superb graphics, s pen, great for gaming, great travel companionCons: Too big, battery life

For 20 years I was dying for someone to make a tablet, then Apple did and became so rich they have more money than some countries now.What's been completely obvious but missing since, is tablets with built-in phones.  Skype and other "apps" just aren't good enough.  And to every genius reviewer that says this is too big, or a 10" tablet would be too big to put next to your ear, well DON'T!  Get a friggin headset like the rest of the planet.Still this is no tablet/phone.  It's just a large phone.  It simply is not big enough to use as a tablet.  Having tried many current tablets, I'd say you need at least 7" to really start feeling like you have enough realstate to be a tablet.My biggest gripe with Samsung?  This and their other phones?  "By design" there is NO WAY to stop the phone to wake you up in the middle of the night when it's fully charged.  The screen lights up and it makes a sound!  Talking to their support and searching the web and trying the various solutions for this and Galaxy S II... there is no way to stop it.Which engineer that thought he should push this on us needs to be fired?  More importantly, why doesn't Samsung listen??

Usage Report after 1 month of purchase of Galaxy Note:Exactly after a month of moderate usage the famous HD AMOLED Screen flickered once and now has a permanent burnt line across the whole length of the screen (bright green in color).There was no accidental damage to the phone or even a scratch, so when Samsung refused to replace the handset and the rude Area Services Manager brushed my request aside, I got disappointed with the quality of this expensive handset and the company's response.Be careful while you buy this particular model of Samsung.Meanwhile my fight with the company continues!

great phone! battery does not last long so you need to keep it charged or turn off items you do not need to use at the moment all in all yes its is worth the purchase of this product.

This is the best phone/tablet I have ever had almost everything is here on it...only thing I wish Samsung to add is quad core ,led notification like galaxy nexus,wireless charging...maybe notification colors blink around home button like on HP touchpad...best overall device...perfect for gaming if only apple would consider making a 5 inch iPod touch it would be great but android is better then any...

Overall ... it is a wonderful gadget ....Have used it for 2 weeks and happy with it.Wish it could have better battery life (although it is fairly good) and a newer operating system.

I've been using my Galaxy Note for 2 weeks now and all I can say is it is AMAZING. It's got it all! - tablet, phone, HD camcorder, camera, e-reader, PDA, mini Wacom tablet, and portable gaming device all packed into one sleek gadget. The dual core processor handles everything without a hiccup. Don't hold out anymore. Go buy yourself one!

I would def recommend this phone for anyone who's considering an unlocked phone. It's been great no problems whatsoever ( I have AT&T)

after all I bought mine! and its the most amazing device ever, and looks gorgeous! it can even do the exactly same things that Gnote II does! just install a custom rom and you have almost a Gnote II! I bought an GS3 later and guess what? I went back to my Gnote! I can't change it! I just love it!

Galaxy note n7000 has been known to most as the phablet phone and true to its name it performs exactly as one. Great screen resolution with Full HD screen. The screen drains a lot of battery and is especially while browsing white screens. If you browse a lot, then the battery will not last you more than 4 hours on intensive browsing. On normal usage the same should last around 24 hours. Batteries of new age phones are expected around those levels. The build is plastic, so do not expect the iphone finish.One more thing which is an irritant is if you are wearing a normal pair of jeans (not the baggy types) and when you sit, the earphone juts into your hips.Outside the above 2 things, the phone is an absolute dream. If you are looking for a smaller phone, then go for the galaxy s3.

hello yes i purchased the samsung note and read the instructions and it says where to place the sim card but it didnt come with one  i was wondering does the note come with a sim card or do i have to purchase one seperate very dissapointed

Tengo un a&ntilde;o y 2 meses ya con este telefono y resulto una de las mejores compras que he hecho aun funciona esta como nuevo y no he tenido ningun problema con el! Excelente

I won't bore you with a long boring review for this phone...Its on fire, and you can see glorious remarks all over the web...One word to describe this phone....AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!
