
I purchased this phone to replace my old one that was malfunctioning.  I did NOT want a smart phone.  This is just the ticket!  I took a chance on this phone after reading reviews of it locking up and it has done so a few times, but I have learned to delete some of my old messages ( I text A LOT) and restart my phone once a day and Ive had no problems since!  Its super thin and rather compact compared to my old blackjack that I had been using.  I would recommend this phone.

I like the phone,it arrived at an adequate date and it waorks good. The only thing I have a problem with is: it was advertised as being unlocked and it was not. I had to spend extra money to get it unlocked, and I'm not happy with that.

Great little phone, especially for kids although my wife loves it just as much, we have two of them and they work great.

PRO*It's thin(I think about the same dimension-wise as an iPhone 4)*Screen is pretty great*Pseudo MultitaskingCON* proprietary charging port*no 3.5mm headphone jack*back facing speaker*mushy QWERTYI got this phone as a swap with my mom for my oldSamsung Exhibit II 4G Prepaid Android Phone (T-Mobile). I was using aBrand New Sidekick LX 2009 SHARP PV300 GSM Unlocked - T-Mobile Retail Box (Carbon Black). This phone does not have internet capabilities.before.This is a no frills phone. You need something to call and text with, buy this.The keyboard has domed keys to make typing easier. Compared to the Sidekick, and now myBlackBerry Curve 9310 Prepaid Phone (Boost Mobile), I prefer the BlackBerry. This keyboard has a click, but it's not as defined as the Curve, but moreso than the Sidekick. The travel is good, but they are small keys. Holding Alt and putting in numbers will be difficult for those with larger thumbs.The proprietary charger really gets me(almost every other phone nowadays is microUSB), as the battery life can quickly diminish after a lengthy phone call. You'll have to buy an extra car charger, or get a proprietary USB cable to get around if that's a concern to you.The speakerphone is on the back. If the phone is on a table, it'll be kinda muffled.

making a late review of this phone, bought two of them for my parents,they are both happy with it, nice battery life, clear volume, and cool looking as well.

ATT won't let me use my I phone on their so called unlimited talk text and web. I travel abroad for extended periods, so I switch to their prepaid cellular plan to keep my phone number from being reassigned when I do so.This phone is supposed to be unlocked, something I will discover in a few days.It's intuitive, easy to read for my old eyes and has a speakerphone so that I can yell, hands free.A problem I have noticed is that if you don't erase the old messages, eventually the phone locks up, necessitating a reboot.The camera is good, nice pics and good videos. For $50, it's good value.

Replaced same phone due to cracked screen. It does all I want it to. Not a techie no need for smart phone.

I got this phone for my mother and she likes it a lot. Nothing super impressive about it, but a great buy for someone that doesn't want to spend a lot or sign a contract.

last time i had purchased a phone thru amazon i didnt really like it .. the charger was really bad the phone itself died after like a couple of months of use but surprisingly this phone so far has been great! the phone itself is in good condition charger works! i really like it .. thanks =]

I don't use a smart phone and this phone provides great functionality for talk and text.  I used it for awhile for email, and it was just o.k. because the screen is small.  Battery life is great, even with Bluetooth paired to my V tech hand set.  Keys are well designed so you know when you depress the key.  Screen and phone are sturdy as I have dropped the phone a few times and it held up.  Price is very good so I have an extra just in case.

I bought this phone awhile ago and can't remember if it took a while or not to be processed and shipped to me. I have a feeling it did. But the phone itself is great; I bought it for my sister, who broke her other phone. She really like this one. It is easy to use and easy on the eyes.

Received on time and in good condition ! Will order again ! This phone is great....But upgraded to a true smartphone shortly down the road.

could have had a few more features to it. it works for now though. . . . . . .

Love the phone but there was no instruction book. Thankfully a friend has the same phone.  Love the big screen.

This is a great phone.  My son dropped his phone in the swimming pool.  An inexpensive option is to buy a prepaid ATT GoPhone like this one.  Then take the SIM card out of the old phone and put it in the new phone once it is fully charged.  If your SIM card is damaged, I am told that you can go to ATT store and ask for a replacement SIM card.  It works great and this is actually a very good phone.  Very lightweight, very good battery life.  Keys are larger than most phones, so texting is easy to do.  THis is not a smartphone, but a great phone for kids who need texting capabilities.  I highly recommend this phone at around $30.00.

quick ship and easy transaction. The phone was as described condition. The charger in the description was not for the phone sent. That part did not make sense to me. But, the phone is really what I was after, the corrct car charger would have been a big plus on this order.

I chose this phone because it had the keyboard and I don't have to slide it. It is easy to use and is light and not to big.

Pantech phones are crap. Avoid at all costs!!!! Get something that actually works. Constantly fails sending messages, battery life sucks, rechargers always break and dont work.

This phone, came unlocked like it said. But not much worked. I haven't been able to use the app store, there are NO FREE MUSIC APPS. Now the keyboard makes a plastic scratchy sound that makes it sound horrible. You can not use set it to always allow connection on apps you have to hit Yes every time. BAD BAD BAD BAD

did not want a smart phone, wouldn't get enough use out of it to justify the costs. when i get more time to learn this one, i know it will do the job.

all features EXCEPT synchronising are working great.it is not picking up data contacts from my laptop outlook-officetried all suggestions given by customer service but could not synchronise contacts

PROS:1.) Call quality is rather good.2.) QWERTY keyboard.3.) The phone can handle a 16GB card, which is 4X what prepaid phones in this price range are usually built to handle.CONS:1.) I NEVER would have bought this phone if I had known that finding headphones for it would be EXTREMELY difficult (I still haven't managed to do it), if not impossible, to obtain. The headphone jack is entirely proprietary and nothing like it is sold in any store near me. Whatever the super-secret handshake and code necessary to get headphones so that I can listen to MP3s, I'm certainly not privy to either.2.) The battery life is below average for this type of phone. I have to charge mine every other day at a minimum.3.) The QWERTY buttons are stiff and shaped as if the manufacturer wanted to cause you pain. After a few messages texting becomes rather uncomfortable.4.) The menus are as counter-instinctual as can be. Finding certain functions, such as your call log (one of many examples) is like being on a scavenger hunt - so if by chance you luck out and find what you're looking for, by all means remember how you did it.5.) Storage space for texts is low. If you consistently text with more than one or two people, you'll have to delete entire threads just to make room for incoming or outgoing messages.6.) Low camera quality for a phone this size.7.) The screen goes dark way too quickly. You'll spend almost as much time unlocking the screen saver as you will texting on it.SUMMARY:If good call quality is enough for you, then the phone is barely worth the price. In every other aspect of why I wanted this phone, it failed to meet my expectations in the most overwhelming way possible. I give it two stars because the call quality really is rather good, but only two stars because I hate EVERYTHING else about this phone. It's so bad that I actually took out my SIM and put it back into my Samsung A107, which is currently the cheapest, most no-frills phone on the market (should you be interested, I have reviewed that phone as well). True, the A107 doesn't allow me to listen to songs, but it's not as if I can with the Pantech either. Further, the A107's predictive texting on non-punitive buttons is so much faster and more comfortable than the Pantech's tiny and stiff speed bump buttons that even if someone finds me a set of headphones for the Pantech I probably wouldn't give it another try anyway. I truly hate the Pantech P7040, so much so that I wouldn't recommend it to anyone - you can get comparable call quality for half the price almost anywhere else.Save your money for something good, rather than having a $50 phone collect dust because it annoys you so much more than a $9.99 phone with no games, songs or camera. The only thing that's kept me from giving it away for free is that every AT&T; customer I know already has a better phone. I can't stress enough how much I hate this phone and how fervently you should avoid it.

I purchase this phone for a family in Africa.It is said its unlocked and it has the 900 band and others, 900 band suppose to work in Africa and Asia if the phone work, however this one fail to do so, now I am stuck with a non working phone because I already sent it and they found out that it doesn't work it asking them some short of &#34; logiciel&#34;, to return it here will be enough to get another phone so I am just stuck with it.You plan to buy this think first and try it in the US if you plan to take it outside of the country, to be honest I wouldn't advice anyone to purchase the phone, I never had any unlocked phone that I purchase from the US and shipped to Africa didn't work at all like this one.If anyone have any idea why this isn't working please lets me know and I will be glad to update my review if I get the solution solve, otherwise its staying because the phone couldn't do what I purchase it for.

Normally a phone being loaded with apps would be a good thing.  However this Panatech P7040 Link phone seems to double for a constant sales pitch for every possible AT&T; add-on feature that costs extra. It is way too easy to activate apps and functions accidentally. You absolutely have to get some sort of protective phone case or else you will be frequently finding your phone happily draining your battery charge and/or minutes surfing the internet or another app that you never activated. The phone keyboard options require choosing a letters or numbers mode. Switching between the two modes requires a lot more menu selections and button pushing than it should.This is a very good starter phone,as the price is modest as compared to other similar phones, for a user getting use to having a cluttered app-filled phone. This is also a phone that a heavy user will likely want to upgrade from within one year. So choosing this phone for a two year contact is probably unwise.

I wanted an unlocked phone for a trip I was taking--I thought the ability to swap out SIM cards would make things easier. However, the phone doesn't work. Seemingly having no operating system, it doesn't boot up. The only time the screen does anything is when the phone is being charged. It's a complete waste of time and money, and not what I wanted.

Works in areas smart phones don't. Durable and great functionality for a mom with nosey kids :) If you are looking for a phone that you can make calls and text with internet capability, this is a great option.

We are using this phone with T Mobile.  You may have to get it activated at store to get full functionality.  Works perfectly for what we need it for.

It was missing the SIM card. I happened to have an extra one at home, but it would have been a hassle to go out and get one.  There should have been one with the phone.

I bought this for my 20 yr old son. Pros: He likes the phone because of the qwerty keyboard because he texts a lot. Cons: He says it is a quiet phone. The audio is weak, so it can be hard to hear him when he calls. He has also had trouble with the phone's alarm clock feature being unreliable and it doesn't have a loud alarm.

I got this phone as a Go-Phone from AT&T; because I was upgrading from Cricket, after going through 2 of their phones in a year. This phone seemed good. Just like the blackberry, and for a decent price. If some one is looking for just a bare bones call some one and text a few times a week, this is more than enough for you. If you plan on using your phone a lot, however, you will run into some major problems.First the good: The phone is light and small. The keys took some getting used to, but they work really well and are responsive enough for you to know when you press one. There are some other good features, like being able to browse the web while in a call, and the camera, for this phone, isn't bad.now for the bad: This phone is bad at texting. Why? Because if you set it to auto delete texts, it will lock up when your texts get full. Yes, lock up. I have had to remove by battery from this thing to cold restart it almost 4 or 5 times a week just because of this. And if you don't know that you are full, you cannot get new texts until you delete the old ones. This along with the fact that you can't look at your texts while in a call makes this phone a bad choice for me. If I can browse the Internet and SEND texts, why can't I open my messages while in a call? I can if some one sends one and it pops up, but if not, I'm out of luck.The next really bad thing about this phone is that it is too thin. Yes, too thin. Why might this be a problem? I have gone through 3 sim cards in 6 months of having this phone, 2 within the first 2 month. The ware on the sim cards is really noticeable, and routinely I have a "Insert Sim" error on my phone. This can happen mid call, making it a hassle, taking your battery out, removing your sim card, putting everything back, turning the phone back on, and hoping that it works.I'm in the market for a new phone. After 6 months, the texting started to crap out, and I can no longer view sent texts. I am looking to get an Android phone or something of the sort. This phone is fine for calls, bad for texts.

This is my 2nd p7040,(droped 1st in the lake).Mostly use the phone some texting, cant beat it for the money!

The phone began to malfunction after only a week. It needed to be plugged into the charger to even operate. After about two weeks it stopped working altogether. Waste of money.

I love this phone. I do not want a smart phone. I have had mine for many years. So I was so glad to find this one. It said it is refurbished. It is like a new phone and I am so happy I bought it. I called them for some information after I got it and they were very helpful.

This phone does everything I want in a phone. I can text, take pictures and listen to music. If you need to be connected to twitter, facebook,  or whatever then don't buy this phone. My only complaint is the battery life, I wish was longer.

I'm not sure if this is just me, but this phone freezes on me all the time so that I have to restart it, sometimes restarts in the middle of a conversation while I'm texting, and in general is a pain to a heavy texter like me. It also has the poorest battery life of a phone I've ever experienced (the turning it off and on again constant probably doesn't help) Additionally, it will frequently delete text messages randomly. I really really dislike tis phone and Pantech phones in general, I would not buy it. Get a Samsung instead.

the pantech far excceedes any prepaid phone out there I highly recommend it . its a very nice phone by far

The product arrived defective. I had to buy a rubber cover case to cover the defect the phone has on the back.I couldn't change it because they didn't have any more in stock and I have to travel soon. For the price it's ok. I don't know if it is unlocked.

Purchased this for  my son.  He has been very pleased with it and uses it regularly..  It gives good value and service for the price.  Camera is very good.

I LOVE IT!!! It's sleek and awesome! I do recommend a hard case. The key are wonderful! I recently broke my samsung evergreen (witch I PRAY you never buy) I bought this, seeing as my free upgrade is of june 2013, I didn't want to wait for that to have a phone. It take beautiful pictures and wonderful audio and video. I LOVE IT! BUY IT! (P.s. I send over 2000 text in two days so, this is ideal for heavy duty text, yet still has great calling capability.)

this phone is great, it has a great battery life and my favorite feature for the phone is that you can record anything you want and set it as your ring tone.  Highly recommend this to anyone that wants a cool phone that is not a smartphone

This company had a very good rating which is why I went with it. I was pleased that the phone came in such great shape. Not only was it functional, it was clean and cared for. I would recommend this co to others.

This phone was advertised as unlocked but it was not which means that I will have to return it or pay o have it unlocked.  However, the seller apologised for this and offered a full refund along with partial shipping.  While he product was not as advertised, the service was excellent!I would use this retailer again but I am a bit weary of buying cell phones that are advertised as unlocked as this is the second such incident - different sellers but same result!  I received phones that were locked when they were advertised as unlocked.

Very happy with my purchase of this product. It has excellent audio quality, long battery life, and is quick to power up. I use it exclusively for voice and text - do not have a data plan. The small keyboard is easy enough for this 75 year old, and has enabled me to re-connect with my granddaughter! I just plugged in the SIM card from my old Motorola, installed the battery, charged it, and I was up and running.

wanted a picture phone. this is a very decent phone. it may be a little over priced, but still a good phone.

Nice phone. Low budget and gets things done. For a low price this phone is the best you can buy.

dropped it and it fell apart i like the text feature battery life very poor.the price was good. got what i paid for...

This phone was for my grandmother.  She already owned one and it broke so this was basically a repurchase.  The phone arrived in a timely fashion and was in great shape.

I bought this phone for my mom so she could text me easier. She's not the type that's use to touchscreen keyboards and I have a feeling it'll frustrate her. She seems to enjoy it.I bought this phone twice for my mom because the first time she left it at a restaurant and I even has a warranty on it... I was so pissed so I just bought this one without it, along with a case and phone charm with a bell just so she wouldn't lose it.

Love this phone. I bought this new one to replace the old one. I think this phone is better than smartphones. easy to use

I have found that everything positive that reviewers had to say about this phone is true for me. I did not want a smarty pants phone; I needed something that enabled me to text easily because my best friends all live in areas with limited reception--so texting is best with them. It is fantastically easy to text with. I also needed a phone that had good reception; this fits the bill perfectly. The menus are pretty intuitive. I love how large the LCD screen is. It's also light and slim, without feeling cheaply made.I love that I read how long this phone can last. Manufacturers of most things create them disposable these days. So, really, having quality products like this is sooooooo environmentally friendly. Maybe 'climate change' could be averted if more manufacturers stopped making products in a 'disposable' sense (end rant). Now, I have not dropped in in a puddle yet, but I have read that I can from the reviews here. That's important, seeing as I live in Hawaii.I don't have a data plan, nor do I upload media to it, but it flawlessly does what I need it to do: call and text.Thank you, Pantech, for creating a quality product.

I lost my other Pantech cellphone, the pursuit around New Years. My sister has a Link and said I would get that as a replacement. I waited and thought I'd find something else. I broke down and ordered this one. I got it in one day, very excited about that, and after one day I loved it. There are some things I miss about the Pursuit, but I am completely happy with the Link. I love the phone for texting and it makes good phone calls. I am used to a touch screen and a larger number pad, but I'm more than okay with that change.

Like others the batery does not hold a charge long but that is a pantech for you also, Charged full last night and in three bars only had two this morning after turning it on,  Works well as am an AT T customer and just put in my sim card and all works fine,  Not sure how it will work if you are not an AT T customer but for me and the price I am happy with it, Just wish Pantech had better batteries, Wife has same problem with her Pantech,

First, I will state that I am using this model cellphone to write this review. I have had this phone for one year, one month, twelve days, seven hours and fourteen minutes as of this writing. It has good battery-life; I have turned it off about a dozen times, maybe. I charge it regularly. It has never died, though it is time to replace it, as the charger no longer stays securely in place. This phone has taken a severe beating from me, and earned my respect thereby. It has hit the concrete a thousand times. I once dropped it in the sink, partially submerging it. I used a hair-blowdryer on it, then left it in my oven overnight to dry, and months later it's like it never happened. So it isn't super-delicate and will survive some abuse, I can swear to that. It has served as my daily internet connection (for news, shopping, Wikipedia, YouTubing, Amazon, reporting earthquakes to the USGS - everything the casual internetter does - all on an "unlimited" data plan, of course, and I am not here to review AT&T;'s service); it is my sole telephone connection, and likewise my means of texting and such; and my only camera, being myself not so much interested in capturing and sharing all of life's precious moments - though I do send a handful of pictures and videos, and so for me personally, the camera modes are "better" (more bells and whistles) than I need (though far less than others, I would also surmise); but there's nothing wrong with the quality, for the forty bucks they're asking right now. The most relevant thing I can say about this phone is this no-brainer: probably what will most strongly influence your opinion of it is what kind of phone you are coming off of, and how many functions you are used to having at your everyday disposal. If you only need a few things, this has them all and you can make a button on the screen for "shortcuts" like alarm clock, calculator, and anything else you want designated. If you are used to a quality smartphone in the $150-250-and-up range and you want a cheap backup, this one may be too mediocre for you, but it may be passable, if you are able and willing to sacrifice.. If you are accustomed to state-of-the-art technology, this phone is probably going to seem as a Stone Age relic to you, and will not do what you are used to doing. (I understand some cellphones cost upwards of $600; if you have one of those, this phone would be an insult to taste and an affront to your dignity.) If it is only a short-term backup, then it will perform all the usual phone, text, picture/video, and internet functions you'll absolutely *need*, unless your job demands more-than-basic internet capabilities. Those spoiled on quality had best look elsewhere.If, on the other hand, you have never had a smartphone, or have only recently realized that (as was the case for me) you are paying enough of a cellphone bill each month that you could be receiving internet as well, this kind of device is a heck of an eye-opener. It will do way more than you'll ever even find out about, it's easy to figure out how to use and find your way around on, and it's kind of fun just checking out all of its features. I never once opened the user's guide that came with it.There are better and worse phones, no doubts about that; I always thought simplest was best, but upgrading to this phone was, for me, a leap forward. I would probably not buy this if I was used to a real smartphone; however, this phone is a cool upgrade if you've stayed away from the technology so far, partly because of its ease of use. After the abuse heaped on the one I have now, it is time for me to buy a new cellphone. I'm going to order another one of these.*Update 1/14/2013*Still running strong; a couple of friends and family now own one of these, and we're just happy as clams. (Clams are, by nature, extremely happy creatures - or so I'm told.)Apparently, this model is considered dated enough that AT&T; still offers "unlimited" data packages with no throttling (as far as I can tell); phones that transfer data at higher speeds are not eligible for the same plan, but I still get unlimited talk/text/internet for $50 a month, and if this phone is slow, I haven't noticed. I hope they never stop selling them; I just bought an extra in case some evil should befall this one. I stand by my earlier review: this dandy device services my communications-needs admirably, though a real computer will still be necessary for any serious projects.

I bought this phone to replace my old Razr that was still working fine. I wanted something that i could text faster on and would have more memory for pics and music. I always liked the looks of the Blackberry but didnt want to spend a small fortune on a phone that doesnt get used alot. I saw an ad in the newspaper from Target Stores. They had this phone on sale for 40 bucks. I had never heard of Pantech and was not sure what i would be getting my self into. I bought the phone and set it up for Go Phone. I have had the phone for about 6 months and so far it works fine. I am still trying to get used to it since i used my Razr for many years. Things i dont like: The screen shuts off too soon. It doesnt have a conventional 1/8" plug for headphones. You need an adapter. Voicemail wont give you a name or number so as to know who called. You have to call it to find out who called and get charged. No option to delete voicemails that you dont want to check. Text messages get grouped together which can cause you to miss one. When i tun on the phone it tells me i have new messages. But they are old messages that i have already looked at. The camera works fine. The speaker works fine. The keyboard is easy to use for its size. It has a nice checkered rubber back. The sim card and battery are easy to get to. It has an expandable memory slot. The battery has a decent life. I have dropped it twice without a sign of dropping it. You are lucky if you can get everything you want in one package. Its a mixed bag. We will see if it lasts as long as my original Razr that still works.

i am terrible at finding a phone that isn't going to be so delicate that it shatters when i set it down. this is the first phone i have found that has lasted. tea, snow, dropped, dirt, indestructible. the keypad is a great. looks like a smart phone, but it's cheap. i was so happy with this phone that when my battery finally wasn't holding a charge as long as i wanted 2 years later, i looked it up again on Amazon and bought a brand new one.

I had this phone before that I purchased at Best Buy.  It served me well but when it "died" I went to Best Buy and they no longer carried it.  So........I got on Amazon and there it was!  I am one happy camper once again!  Thanks Amazon!  I like this phone because it has a full keyboard and it isn't loaded with things that I don't need nor use.  I just wanted a basic phone that I could send text messages on and also to take photos with now and then.  This phone fits the bill to a tee!

I bought this product after doing lot of research for using the unlimited data plan provided by AT&T; and I thought I took good decision by buying this phone. but unfortunately, NOT.1. I downloaded the pantech PC Suite and tried to browse internet from my phone on my laptop,using both the usb cable and bluetooth, but it has thrown error saying modem not supported. I dont know what is this error.. I tried by all ways still same problem.2. I bought the earphones mentioned in the amazon for this Pantech Link 7040, unfortunately the earbuds are big and not at all comfortable and they always falldown. More over the sound quality is very low and poor.3. One more drawback is that the AT&T; videos and radio never worked on my phone, even though I am under at&t; $50 unlimited monthly plan.4. And the phone claims to run videos under mp4, wmv formats, they never played from my pantech link..God only knows why they dont play.5. Internet provided by 3G is very slow and I can compare it with 2G speed. pathetic.6. The power cable provided by Amazon is used one and almost broken..still I am living with it.7. It does not have even radio which is a basic feature in any small phone.8. Dont know if I am too sensitive, I am getting headache when I use this phone for more than 5 min..Positive points:1. Call recording option is there2. supports 32 GB memory card to store lot of stuff handy..3. We can buy USB cable to directly access data from phone. and can use the same for charging.4. Videos play from youtube with out any streaming problem.. I liked it.So, finally it is your call to go for it or not...The phone could be made much better..

It is a very nice phone. The texting capabilities are very good. It comes without a sim card.The price is very good.

1. battery started off great, and charges less and less over the 6 months that i've had it.  it started off at least three or four days without having to charge, to maybe 1 or 2 days.2. granted the charger is apparently only $3.50 on amazon, i'm still very annoyed that i had to buy it.  what kind of weird phone uses it's own charger plug instead of a micro USB?3. it's meant to be a texting phone, hence the keyboard, but maybe 40? text messages fills up the phone's internal memory.4. the apps and web browser and email look tacky, feels clunky, and generally sucky.but if basic phone is all you want, this is all you need.as of 12/1/2012, i think the best all-around choice for a GoPhone is the AT&T; Fusion 2 on sale for $70 to $80 if you'd like to access the internet in any way.

I really like the layout and overall speed of the phone, but after only a week it started freezing and acting up. This wasn't even a refurb so I think it is just an unreliable phone. After I returned the order, amazon claims they never recieved it so it was a waste of $40.

The person I bought it for is very happy with it. And uses it every day for work. And plans on using amazon for future purchases

Need a back up phone fro use when one of the family's phone was not working. This is a good little phonefor very basic needs.

It arrived on time and its wonderful. Sleek design and nice size. I intend on buying more products in the future from Amazon of this quality

I purchased this exact phone and loved it so when my husband needed a new phone this model was perfect... He really likes it's features.

Great phone for the price. I use it overseas with a local SIM card and it is perfect. Would recommend

Features and build quality are on par with similar feature phones in the price range. Battery life is very good. Text messages fill almost daily, I think it takes about 50 before becoming full. Texts often do not send even in areas of good coverage, and the phone is constantly dropping calls.

iv had this phone for 3 years now and its been rely good and its took a beating but it still works good my 2 year old has done all kinds of stuff to it but its all good I would bye this phone agin

My son is a missionary and his screen cracked.  He likes this model and it is no longer available in our area.  I was glad I could get a new unit for him without having to pay the exorbitant prices ATT charges.

Phone is small and light. Works great as a dumb phone with voice/text plans only, if you want a keyboard for texting without having to upgrade to a data plan. Don't have to use the prepaid simm. No touch screen or wifi. Battery holds up good on standby. Not sure about steady use. Overall a good phone, especially for what I paid for it, $39.

It served its purpose but didn't  last long. We found that it holds only so many text messages. Good as a back up phone if needed.

I purchased this as a refurb to run with Ptel's Bring-Your-Own-Device program. I was able to stick in my SIM and get it working right off the bat!What I like:-Clear voice quality, and ring is loud. Vibrate on the phone is very strong, too. On most devices I can't feel it at all when it's in my pocket -- not so for the Pantech Link.-Conversation-style messaging interface -- very convenient.-Keyboard keys protrude and are rounded, having a lot of depth. Keyboard is very small so this makes it easy to type.-Display is bright and clear, even in direct sunlight.-Very light and thin! My previous phone felt like a brick compared to this thing, but I can barely feel this thing in my pocket.What I don't like:-Sending texts is somewhat slow, and there is often a delay of 5-15 seconds before the text would send successfully. I also have a lot of trouble with texts not sending successfully, getting sent straight to the Outbox to be resent. Resetting the phone usually fixes the problem. I fear this may be a Ptel issue, but I'm not sure.-I can't send or retrieve MMS messages. It turns out the default MMS coding is for AT&T;, and I worked with Ptel representatives on multiple occasions to get this issue resolved to no avail. If you're getting this phone for AT&T;, you're probably fine. For anything else, though, you'd better look elsewhere. UPDATE: Finally got it working fantastically after another chat with Ptel.-Confusing interface. I had to dig through the menus to find how to change ringtone, find the calculator, etc. Pretty much I set everything I'd ever use into the Shortcuts menu.-Right side of the phone felt... arthritic. The buttons there would creak uncomfortably. Not sure if this is due to my phone being a refurb, though.Overall, I like the phone. It's very light and inexpensive. For those with AT&T; who want a device good for calls and texts without spending too much, this is the way to go.

This phone was everything i needed,and more. Thx amazon. This phone is for that person only looking to talk,and text.

I just got this phone in the mail and yes it is unlocked but it's not completely unlocked because I can't get on the internet at all and I also can't send or receive picture messages and it's always dropping calls. It really upsets me, because now I have a smartphone that all I can do is text and talk on the phone. I think that it needs to be clairified that you may run into these types of problems. I have used AT&T phones before going through T-Mobile and NEVER experienced this problem before. Other than the few problems it's an alright phone.

This phone is perfect for those of us who just like to talk and text, who like to &#34;feel&#34; the buttons on the keyboard, and who don't want to spend a lot on a phone.  Price is great - if I break it, I can just get another one!Nancy B.

Coming from a full-featured Android phone on Verizon, I was in the market for a cheap unlocked phone for my upcoming travels abroad. I wanted something with a full QWERTY keyboard and that was a little more capable than a "basic" phone. Overall, this phone fits the bill perfectly. For such a low price, there really isn't a whole lot more I could ask for. It has 3G, GPS, the user interface is surprisingly easy to navigate and the phone looks like an upper-tier phone when it comes to aesthetics. I would definitely recommend!

nice easy and simple to use. the camera isn't the best but it good enough. great phone for the price.

With the price I paid, this telephone is fine but otherwise, it does not meet the standards of modern cell phone.  For beginner this is great.

Ok, so I have had this phone for a year and a half now.  It is still alive considering how many times I have dropped it.  Never in water, but it has gotten very sweaty at times and there is still nothing wrong with it. I also have a 1 year old that has put it in his mouth multiple times, and when it is still slobbery, it is hard to hear the other person but when it dries back up, it is as good as new.  The only thing that makes me crazy, is that if you accidentally push the middle button, it takes you to the internet and I have lost probably about 5 dollars doing that over the past year and a half.  Or one of my kids would grab it and when I got it back it would be on the internet page.  I swear I drop this phone on concrete on a regular basis and the screen isn't cracked at all.  Very sturdy phone.  It only got 4 stars due to the internet stealing my money from time to time.

Pros: Call quality good, thin, buttons good, although a little small for big hands, low price.Cons: Texting doesn't always work (at all), one-button shortcuts limited.Phone had better voice quality than my old Samsung, but texting never worked. Spent 2 hrs. w/very nice ATT tech, who tried everything. Popped sim card into backup phone, everything worked great, so we concluded it was the phone. Internet search found a lot of people with the same problem.So, if you buy, make sure you can return it easily, and keep a backup phone.

This little phone has been decent for the money.  My biggest complaint is that the charger stopped working after a year.  I've never had this happen with any other phone.  I thought it was the battery, but when I took it to the store, they plugged it in to a different charger and it was fine.  The PROBLEM is that no one sells the charger locally.  I went to Target, Best Buy, Radio Shack and the ATT store.  They all said this particular charger is difficult to find.  Since this came at a very bad time when my cell phone was crucial, (doesn't it always?) I almost was forced to buy a new phone.  Maybe this is Pantech's plan.  Finally found what I hope to be the correct charger on Amazon, but it is not elgible for prime, and I'll have to wait about a week for it to arrive.  It's really a shame because I would have given this phone 5 stars if not for this huge issue!

Obtained this phone as a stop gap phone until a more capable Smartphone arrived. At first glance the phone gives a definite nod to the layout and style of Blackberry phones. The device fits perfect in my pocket but the screen could have benefited from a protector as I soon accumulated some minute scratches on the screen. The face of the phone sports a chrome accent going around the edges. The SIM card slot is located underneath the battery or rather to the side but requires removal of the battery. Popping your AT&T; SIM into the marked slot feels a bit odd since there was little to no resistance. The back cover snaps back into place, the rubberized textured backing is pleasing.A circular wheel provides most of the menu navigation but like most of these phone it will use the two select buttons at "decision point" moments. Other external features like the keyboard are fun type though I often had to rekey words with repeat characters (like "door") since the default input schema will cycle through an alternate keyboard when you type the same letter twice (so door become "d" UMLAUT "r" for instance). I also found that I had to hold the shift or FN function key at the same time to access the upper case or orange screen printed alternate keys and so instead of one hand typing I had to interrupt the flow to make sure the right key combination was pressed. In password parts of the web-browser a letter shows briefly before becoming an asterisk but when Shift-Key entries are inputted they become asterisks without displaying. I could be missing something here but I found that part particularly annoying.The built-in software on the phone is meant to monetize every aspect of what is a normal feature of most smartphones: listen to music on the internet? Monthly charge. Use GPS and maps to find a street? Monthly charge. Play games? You guessed it, a monthly charge option (uh?) next to the buy game option at the ATT Store on the phone. The free apps are few and far between - a Facebook Twitter was already loaded on the phone. Trial versions of games are available.The web browser is workable and defaults to AT&T; branded page with customizable page elements, a feature of ATT.NET that I couldn't get working. Accessing advanced features or settings is a bit awkward. I went to opera.com which detected correctly my Pantech P7040p phone and suggested the compatible version of Opera's web browser. I soon loaded the Opera mini 4.4 browser after acknowledging several security prompts. Once loaded Opera apparently will keep triggering a "feature" of this phone: network access by the Opera applet must be specifically allowed each time. So a better browser but with incessant prompts the equivalent of "Press OK to continue".The mail features of the phone include built in understanding of several webmail providers (AOL, Windows Live Hotmail, Yahoo for instance). I suppose I should not have been surprised at the lack of Exchange or corporate email connectivity. That would have required a remote wipe security ability that this consumer only device was unlikely to implement. Still would have been nice. Outlook Web Access is the only way for right now.Overall a capable if limited phone that is fun to use!

I already had one and bought this one for a friend.  It is a really good phone.  And the price is extremely low for this nice a dvice.

This phone only costs fifty-three dollars for a reason. The battery drains in a day or less. The bluetooth pairing does not work well at all and the text interface is clunky at best. Buy this as a cheap burner or a replacement phone.

nothing wrong with phone...perfect for my boyfriend who doesn't care about new tech  :)came quick very happy with the selller thanx

Upgraded from a flip phone and I love it...needed a keyboard for texting and it is lightweight and thin.  Easy to carry and to operate and the sound is good.  Camera takes great pics too.  Like I said it is an upgrade to the flip phone I had.

This phone measures up to my expectation. and the supplier is one of the most courteous person I ever dealt with.I am happy with my purchase

no problems with it had it for 2 weeks and now i just bought a samsung captivate glide (smart phone with a slide out qwerty keyboard). For the most part of this phone it gets the job done not a good nor fancy phone just standard to go phone you get what you pay for im not even gonna review this phone because their is literally nothing special about this phone whats so ever. give it a 5 stars does what a to go phone suppose to do.

awesome my son got it because his other phone broke so he bought this one. he loves it. this is awesome

I regret ever buying this phone. Don't make the same mistake I did! The battery life is horrible and the texting freezes at least ten times a day. I have also have had the extremely annoying experience of the phone reorganizing all my texts and making them all as unread every time I got a new text. The call quality isn't the greatest either. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!!

I got this mobile 2 days back. Its is just an average mobile.First of all the speaker sound is very less.Keypad quality is not good.The given head phones is 3 pin, but the mobile is having different port. We need to purchase again (i think i wont get having such pin).No Wifi, do not expect much from this mobile.

Really fast shipping. Thank you!! Ordered at 11pm on 09/13/12 rec. at noon on 09/18/12. With no mail sundays thats really fast! The product is what it says. It came in a nice box with everything packaged. I found one TINY ding on the little flap that covers the charger port. BUT thats what referb is. You are not buying a brand new product. So far it seems to work just fine :) Would do business with again anytime. As for the phone..it is not a smartphone. Its great quality for the price. I just wanted something simple to text and talk when needed. I have an old phone with wifi so i will not be using this phone for data. Great phone for the price and simple usage.

I have a two year contract with Verizon with this phone. Quality for local calls is mediocre. Long distances calls are full of static and frequently drop. I tried to get away from the high cost of smart phones and this was the &#34;option&#34; that was offered. Perhaps going back to a land line is the most practical solution.

My son said the dog took it from his pocket, but I bet he left it on the couch. Dog jacked it up and found a perfect replacement.

Bought this phone for daughter, after a week the phone stopped working got a new SIM card still didn't work! I was told send it back & they would refund my money!! I did & they even called me & told me that they had received the phone & would be refunding me back the money!!! Never happened!! Don't ever mess w/these people they would call me 3 to 4 times a day bugging!!

I picked this up as I wanted a qwerty phone since I text more than call these days, but didn't want to worry about wrecking an expensive phone, theft, etc, and have no need for a phone with internet access. I got it from Amazon's Warehouse Deals, described as "Used, Like New". The box was beat up, but unopened, and the phone, battery, and charger were still sealed in their bags. Very happy about that. I looked around online and found the AT&T;/OEM car charger, data cables, rubber cases, screen protectors, and a memory card for a few bucks apiece, and downloaded the factory documentation and gave that a quick scan. I have somewhere around $60 invested in everything, which I think is very good compared to retail pricing in-store ($70 locally for just the phone, tax inc).Yes, the phone will apparently get flaky if you text a lot and save the texts to the phone's memory. *edit* I had thought it saved texts to the SD card, but it saves them only to the phone memory, then additional messages are saved to the SIM. A week later, and it's telling me it's out of room. Lame.The keypad is tiny (I can cover 16 keys with the tip of my thumb), but it is still fairly easy to use, and the tactile feedback is good. While I don't find it difficult to use normally, it will absolutely prevent me from texting in the car, which is a good thing.Someone had posted that they are always hitting the volume key in their pocket, making the phone ring incessantly. I put the soft case on it, and turned on the auto keypad lock, both of which prevent inadvertent use. I have had this in my pocket almost constantly without any problems at all.Call quality seems to be pretty good, although I would like the call volume to go a bit higher. If I'm in the middle of something, or in a loud area, I just connect my Bluetooth headset, which is much louder than the phone's earpiece. Not ideal, but easy enough.The pictures seem okay; better than I expected from a 1.3MP camera, anyway. If I wanted better picture quality, I'd use a camera, or would have bought a better phone. For the things I will use the camera for, it works fine.There are a few minor quirks that I find annoying. Ringtone size is limited to 300KB. I have not been able to assign different tones for calls and texts, which I find strange. The menu layout and shortcuts can mostly be easily changed to be a little easier to navigate (compared to my previous phones, anyway), and most settings are simple and obvious. Some of the shortcuts and such, I wish could be removed entirely, but since this was intended to be a prepaid phone, I understand why they are locked in. I have not yet figured out how to save pictures sent in multimedia messages to a separate folder on the card, and haven't yet figured out how to enlarge them within the message. This is kind of annoying, but not a deal-breaker. My old flipphone would allow both of those steps, and I had assumed it was a fairly standard thing.There are a few things that I absolutely hate about this device; the pre-programmed keys (left, right, and center on the thumbpad) to pull up AT&T;'s awful browser, email, and chat cannot, as far as I can tell, be reprogrammed or deleted. Since you use the pad for most things, I find it easy to start one while trying to do something else on the phone. This will probably diminish as I get used to the phone, but right now, I hate these "features".I run Win 7 64 bit on my desktop, and Pantech's USB drivers included in their PC Suite software don't seem to be compatible with this OS, and don't appear to work on my older XP system either. I searched online for, found, and tried, several solutions, none of which have worked so far. So, in order to transfer files from the phone to the PC, or vice versa, I have to remove the microSD card, put it in the USB shuttle I have, and then perform whatever step that way. Hopefully I can find a work-around for this, but at the moment, all I can do is charge the phone via USB, and get annoyed when PC Suite crashes. I would like to figure out how to have Windows treat the phone as a simple flashdrive (as it did with all of my other phones), but have had no luck so far. I find this fairly annoying.So, yeah, for what I paid, it's a good phone, IMO. If the driver issue were resolved, and the pre-programmed keys could be changed, I'd be thrilled. As it stands, I'm satisfied with this purchase. If I had paid retail... honestly, I probably wouldn't be as happy, but at half price, from Amazon and not a third party, I think it's a good buy. My expectations are probably too high for phones in this price/feature range, but I think it's probably deserving of a 4 star rating.

No problems yet (crossing fingers).  Still going and it's good!  I got this cell phone for under $40.  Try going to a cell dealer and see if you can get a good cell phone at that price.

My son ate my phone and I needed a new replacement for it that was practical. This phone works great with AT&T. Some of the basic functions work a bit differently than most AT&T phones I've had and that is the only reason I lost a star. The phone came very quickly despite it being mother's day weekend and in a very well protected box.

I really Like this type of phone but it don't do a lot of things that work on it but it works for now.

I like this phone's sleekness.  I like that the numbers are highlighted in yellow/orange.  I like the 3G network.  What i dont like is the small screen.

Had the same one for many years and liked it. Bought this one. Perfect for someone who just wants to text and talk.

Going backwards in technology was harder than I thought it would be. I resisted smartphones until 2012, but now I'm hooked. After using Android for a year, I can't go back.Apart from that, there was no way to lock the screen. That is essential in this style of phone. Also no way to customize the shortcuts as far as I could tell. Phone was shipped with a &#34;Quick Reference Guide,&#34; but no manual. It is available digitally, but I want a paper copy.

I don't know how they make this phone for under $50.Very happy with the total package. Great keyboard.Good bluetooth clarity.The negs I can live with -  Bluetooth earset needed in noisy environments, no USB jack, so-so ear speaker, so-so battery life.I see it as a texting phone not a smart phone.

Nice phone, esp with $10 unlimited data on a traditional AT&T plan. Difficult to get other java apps to work on it, but Google Maps app works ok. Disappointing that there are not even a basic cut and paste functions on the phone for transferring text from web or email to sms and vice versa. I view it as a clone of the older Blackberry phones.

Phones came promptly and all worked properly. The phones DO NOT come with sim cards so you would need to go to store to activate and get cards

This may not be a smart phone but for a message phone it is top of the line.  I love it.

First if all the condition was "new." With that being said, I expected my phone to come with a sim card. Obviously this phone was either an opened package or it should have came with a sim card. I had to order a separate SIM card and therefore could not activate it right away. It was a disappointment for me. My co worker has this phone and she says it works well for her, but I bought mine for a Christmas gift and in January one month later the item seems to drop calls. That is annoying to me. This seems to be a good brand and a simple phone, but you expect it to at least let you talk on it without the worry of dropping calls. The only thing I did like was the feature of having internet, but not a smart phone by any means!

I like the set up of the phone and the keyboard. However, after using a "Smart" phone I felt that this phone was lacking many functions that I was use to using in the past. People buying this phone need to know that it is a very basic phone, nothing fancy about it. I was not even able to transfer my memory card from my old phone to this one, making all my former information no usable. I had to return the phone to the seller. The seller was not at fault, but the reviews from the past never indicated problems like you cannot repeat an event in your calendar. E.I. Birthdays you cannot place as yearly events, you most enter them every year. I was not able to place my contacts in alphabetical order as requested, even though, the phone had that function, it did not work. I even went to a Radio Shack and they were unable to do anything to help me set up my new Pantech. I believe this will be a good phone for "TO GO" people, that need a phone simple to make and receive calls, nothing else, not even pictures, were good quality. a bit disappointed with the product.

this phone is only 59.99 at at&t but for that price you gotta luv this phone, it has everything for a normal usage, also pretty good for texting

I wanted to get just a basic talk/text phone and not spend a ton of money, or renew my contract with the carrier. The Pantech has been a great purchase. Call quality is good, the phone is light and has been easy to get used to texting with.If you are in the same situation I was, I would definitely recommend this phone.

The problem with the phone is could not connect to the internet via current carrier. I wanted a unlocked phone to access the internet, text, etc.. The phone's functionality is fine but I wish I could have the the internet. I have since returned the phone back to the seller.

The internet on the phone does not work, even though it said it was unlocked and would work with a t mobile network. It has awful memory and can hardly hold text messages.

I've had this phone since early 2011. At first I couldn't get a good internet signal in Laural, MD but that changed after a few months. 2 years later my signal is the best andI love the quality I get when I get on YouTube.

We purchased this phone for my son for his birthday.  It would not hold a charge.  I eventually bought a new battery thinking that would be the easiest fix.  It would still not hold a charge.  The phone is defective, and now it has been more than a month.  They will not replace it.  Do not buy this phone.  I would not use this seller ever again.  Had to break down and get a new 2 year policy which is what I was trying to avoid.  Dissappointed.

Phone is as described, and seems to be functioning well. No regrets on this model. Only reason for 4 stars is that the charger provided does not work, so had to get one locally.

This phone was a refurb and looks like it has seen better days.  I bought the phone specifically because I wanted something I could text with and the reviews were not that bad so I went ahead and purchased it for $20.00.  The keys on the 'QWERTY' keyboard are so small that I have to use the tip of a pen to type in the letters and the screen is very grainy.  I'll keep it for an emergency backup but would not recommend this phon

45 days in and still going only need ed until contract ends with carrier. will order another if and when needed

I bought this phone to use with my T-Mobile account.  I had a very, very old basic cell but I discovered that my kids won't answer my calls unless I text.  Go figure!  As a result I needed a qwerty keyboard.  I did a lot of research and I found this product to be the best available uncoded phone for the price.Pros:  inexpensive (yay!)  understandable instruction manual (yay!) great camera phone (yay!)Cons:  chiclet keys really bite (uggh) Everything says AT&T; instead of being completely generic (uggh) It is not engineered in a very intuitive way.  (uggh!  don't know how to explain that one but yeah.)Well worth the money.  Its not a smart phone, it doesn't have many bells or whistles.  It has a great camera phone.  The end.

Phone didn't arrive with the card it needed couldn't get it to come on without it..gave it to my grand daughter to play with..once bitten,twice shy..buyer beware!!!

the phone is good, great features, i am dissatisfied to an extent, you say the phone is unlock and when i receive it, it was lock. so i have to pay lots of money to unlock it . i think that was misleading

I got this phone about two weeks ago. While its a good phone, I can text rather fast on the qwerty, and it likes to skip over my letters. I have to slow down everything I text, and proofread before I send to make sure it didnt skip on me. Its fast, tiny and cute, and a great phone for anyone who doesnt text fast like me. Lol.

I got this phone for its QWERTY keyword and decently small size. The rounded keys take a little getting used to. I recommend a hard plastic cover for the phone, the one I got snaps on in several places and hasn't come loose at all (after 6 weeks).I don't use data, so I can't give any comments there. Overall it's a good phone if you're not eligible for upgrade.

I purchased this item for a family member, and it exceeded my expectations. It came and was very easy to initiate and start using. Sims card was easily switched, and the phone is very reliable and has exceeded my expectations, A very good purchase,

we bought this phone cause we didn't like the new touchscreen ones to much and are happy with this one. battery lasts for a while and it is really easy to use!

The phone is OK but though it says unlocked, it has all the ATT stuff on it and would be very irritating using it on another network.

I was disappointed in that I assumed and description read, phone unlocked. However, if you are an AT&T customer you need to also purchase a universal sim card. This should be noted as I ended up returning the phone.

This phone is branded to AT&T and is not unlocked. I purchased two of these phones to use on a trip to Europe.  When I inserted the non-ATT SIM the phone displayed a &#34;SIM Locked&#34; message and required an unlock code.  I contacted AT&T and they indicated that an unlock code could only be provided after the phone was active on the network for 6 months. I'm not sure why the description of this product would claim that it is unlocked.

This phone is great an easy to use.

my phone after a month is giving me problems with the messaging,hopefully att can help me fix it.it was a good buying experience,just wish i didnt have issues with it.

Got it for my daughter and after 3 months it didn't work half the time.  She would have to take the battery out and put it back in every few days for it to work.  Then she left it in the rain, so didn't matter!!!! At least it was inexpensive.

This phone looks good and has a lot of features but the teenager for whom I bought it broke it with normal usage in less than six months.

I bought this phone as a backup for my other phone just like it except for the color.  I was deteremined not to get another 2 yr contract with AT&T.  When my phone started to power off by itself I decided to find another one just like it.  For some strange reason my old phone has not stopped working so I haven't had to use this one yet.  I'm sure it will be great just like my original phone.  It's plain and simple but works beautifully.  The keyboard is small but I text just fine with it.

I like this phone!!! its real great and easy to use! the buttons are real easy to use and its a qick phone!

when I received this product I was very pleased, but after using the phone for a month it has stopped working. the screen is black. I recharged it and is fully charged. I cannot get it to work. I wanted to return it but found out the product was not covered by a warranty. I thought prime members were  covered by amazon against poor quality merchandise. i do not even have the option of contacting the seller except in this forum. Do I have any recourse available to me?

So, I got this phone to use with a plan we already have. It's pretty good for texting (threaded texts), taking a reasonable picture, or using instant messenger.A few things I don't like about it:There's no subject line for if you want to add a caption to a picture you are sending to facebook via mms.The middle button, when pressed at the home menu, will bring up the internet. (Creates bad accidents if you don't have a good data plan)If the directional button is pushed to the left, email pops up. (Another thing to remember to avoid)Menus are cumbersome if you don't set shortcuts.I've had some issues where my keyboard input is lysdexic and places letters in the wrong order from what I typed.Adding a ringtone is difficult for this phone, unless maybe you buy one through at&t.; I haven't used the feature to find out, sorry.Conclusion: All in all, I think it's a very useful phone. It's definitely not as capable as a smartphone, but there are enough features to keep you entertained without using data. Oh, speaking of entertainment only trial/demo games came on mine.

To give you a little background: I had an iPhone 3G, then an HTC Inspire 4G. Then I got an iPad w a data plan through my employer and realized that I was wasting $30 a month on data for a smart phone. I was looking for a good phone for basic functions and no data plan. And the bar was set high coming off the Android-powered HTC Inspire. Let me tell you- the Pantech Link is awesome!Let's get the negative out of the way first: it's not a smart phone, and it's not supposed to be. The camera is kind of weak, but that's to be expected (and it actually works fine for MMS messages and snapshots). Sme of the keys, also, are not customizable.So that's the bad news. The GREAT news is that this little phone is surprisingly amazing! It's thin, and I mean thin! Like, forget-it's-in-your-shirt-pocket thin. It feels solid, much better than you'd expect from a $30 phone. The screen is bright and vibrant and the keyboard is easy to use. In short, there's very little I don't love about this phone and for less than $50 it's an absolute steal. I don't miss my smart phone at all. 5 big stars for the Pantech Link!

the phone was fine but its not unlocked. so now I cant use it.I need the unlock code so tht I can  get the use of the phone I bought they are telling me I hav to pay to unlock it

we are very pleased with this phone and the quality that it brings to our comunications with our friends and family.

Well, I got this phone because my old phone completely quit working, so I got it, and took the sim card out of my old phone. It worked great for a few months, and then one day it froze up on me while i was in texts, so I turned it off, removed the battery, and i got the text, but after that, every few texts I got it would freeze up. I dealt with this for a few months, and then the past couple months, it stopped freezing up on me, but if I leave it in my text messages it starts randomly calling my contacts. It's always been really hot when I charge it, its usually almost too hot to touch, which is very dangerous. The layout is okay, but the buttons are really easy to pocket dial someone, if you wear tight pants, or accidentally bump into something. It hasn't held up at all, I dropped it a couple times, and I found out it scratches really easy. My friends who have Pantech phones have all had issues with their phones too. Maybe our little town is overrun with Pantech phone issues.

The Pantech P7040 is a swell phone for a guy like me. I am not tech-savvy but the keyboard makes the habitual texter, like me, very happy because it's so easy to use. The photos are okay, but there isn't much for me to photograph and when I do my thumb comes out the same way no matter what photographic device I use. Yes, the big button in the middle that hooks you into the internet is annoying, but after a while I learned how to avoid it. Most important, though, is that the thing is durable. I'm good at dropping things, especially sensitive instruments. This baby doesn't care; it takes its lumps. So, I am very, very happy with this reasonably priced, easy-to-use phone. Thanks for the gift, sis!

I bought this phone for my daughter's birthday.  The price was very reasonable.  I wanted it unlocked because I had a sim card from T-mobile that I could activate the phone with.  The phone worked great with the sim card.  My daughter was up and running in minutes.  She loves this phone.  The features are perfect for her.  Plus the phone is small enough to fit in her jeans pocket.The phone arrived in perfect condition and on time for my daughter's birthday.  We are very satisfied and would recommend this item to others who are looking for an inexpensive phone with great features.

My wife wanted this phone for occcasional texting.It is easy to use with a QWERTY keyboard.And, no contract required.

good device for the price it has, this unlocked for any company, and their roles in various languages&#8203;&#8203;, very acceptable.

Serves my purpose well.  Easy to use.  Great design.  Works well with a global SIM card for use overseas.  Have 2:  One for local use, and one for travel overseas.

When I received my order and when I put my sim card in, the phone could not read it. After getting a new sim card, the phone still would not read my sim. I had to buy a new phone.

I had two of these. The text menu freezes after 8 or so texts so you have to turn the phone off and on again to view or send more. I don't know if I just keep getting bad ones but I'm done with this phone.

After 8 months of use, this phone developed serious problems.  The screen is cloudy as though humidity made it's way into the screen.  The text function still works, but the ability to place calls is gone.  If you are looking for  reliable messaging phone--keep looking.

. Good for the price. No video but has camera is fine and works well for my needs.if you want a phone but not a lot of bells and whistles it is great!

This is a very good phone for the texter.  It is a very good phone for the price.  I think that it would be better if all of the chargers were inter-changeable.  The note pad is limited to 100 characters.  Too limited.  Most of the sounds are too low even at peak.  The range should be extended.

Phone works great! Fast Shipping!! Item was as described and in good condition. AT&T let's you pay as you go or.... a plan. I'm very pleased with my purchase.

I bought this phone for my mom who is 65 years Just needed a simple phone without all the bells and whistles. Just for text and calls but it has some other great features. It's also very cheap and it works more than all the crap at the same price. My mom loves the phone. One caveat, the call quality can be a little better but it works. Also, it arrived blazingly fast! Would buy again...

In a nutshell, this phone is a decent bare bones item. I was using mine with the Go Phone plan with AT&T. I accidentally left it in a job shirt and it went through a full load of wash. I had a cheap plastic cover on it, and thought the phone was dead. Go figure...after drying out, it still works. Not only was I able to take a call when the water bubbles were still visible under the screen, but after a few days of drying, it is back to normal. Amazing. It is back to full working order. If you need a backup phone, this one may be worth considering.

Phone is great for the price.All the needed features. But, came with only simple directons for use. Took awhile to figure out.
