
As informed, the iPhone was in good shape, with any neither scratches nor soft or firmware problems.A good used product.

Works great and my mom loves it!! I'm thinking of buying one for my little brother. Customer service is great!! It's arrived on time like they said it would. :)

phone was AMAZING!!! called at&t and got it unlocked within a day! I would give it 5 stars but the headphones that came with the phone were broken upon arrival, the wall charger burned up within 2 days, and about a week after I got the phone the usb charger completely quit. I bought a new wall charger and usb cable so I would suggest doing that if you don't have a charger already :) other than the accesories phone was in perfect condition and works great!

Great phone, fast wifi Internet connection, much easier to use than android. Will definitely purchase another one. Long battery life.

My old Iphone was drowned and I needed replace phone. i ordered used same 3GS and just recieved it today. This phone looks brand new. No damage on body,works perfect. Better than my old phone actually. I synced all my date to new phone and working just fine. Love it.

I am very happy with my purchase. It was exactly as discribed and was shipped promptly without any delay. I highly recommend this merchant.

Very prompt shipping. The phone is basically as described. I am happy about the purchasing. Should the accessories be included, it would save a lot more trouble for the buyer.

I always knew that the iphone was a phone with a great looking screen but poor OS, but I wanted to give it a try. Also, most "important" apps were being developed for it first than android. My broker Zecco for example.I got to say that the iphone is 60% fanboy hype and 40% technology. After having used android for over a year and then buying this iphone it was like driving a BMW and then buying a Camry. The differences were hard to ignore. I can only do about half what I could do with my android even a lower end device. Even counting the exclusive iphone apps it doesn't justify the downgrade.I have to admit though that the iphone screen is still better looking under sunlight and the glass screen feels right on the fingers.Edit: I just noticed that people are not upvoting my review which leads me to say that they didn't want to hear my honest opinion. Well sorry I didn't over hype this pretty but mediocre phone. If you want to hear a biased opinion well ask a fanboy.  He'll tell you it's the most amazing piece of engineering ever.  But it isn't. Sorry :D

I love this phone. Don't quite know how to use it yet but it works great and I havent any problems with it.

el tel&eacute;fono me llego y lo estaba utilizando cuando de pronto me salio sin servicio y sin invalida y ahora me aparece como si estuviera reportado y no lo puedo utilizar en mi pa&iacute;s quisiera que me resolvieran porque no me funciona la se&ntilde;al del tel&eacute;fono

I read the ad and it clearly stated the iPhone was in mint condition with a scratch on the back corner of the phone. This seller is very honest, the phone works great, upon receiving my phone which was a must needed phone since my wife's Blackberry stop working. Activation at my local AT&T store was quick and easy. I would definitely do business with you again. Thank you. Alex G.

has crack on back and scarches and hole in speaker at bottom and dirt in all speakers had to clean and charger part and had to get bigger sim card u need to put more detail in the item when u sell it good phone though

This phone appears to be a refurbished item and not &#34;new,&#34; as represented in the ad. It came with the literature for an iPhone4 and the phone is very finicky about what charging device it will accept. Overall though, this phone was a good value for the money. It works very well with my current AT&T service.

Why my order is cancel but my account still didn't have money back I don't cancel my order but I don't know why my Order is cancel can u help me

This is a used/like new iphone and is exactly that. There were no scratches or problems. I am very satisfied.

i bought this for my Little brother, hes happy and the pone appears to be quite for him, no problems with the the device, just fine

I got this phone right before Christmas of 2011. Thankfully it was only 99 cent, because it is worth nothing more than that. I was excited to get the iPhone because I thought that they were better than androids, but I was wrong. This phone is EXTREMELY slow, it lags constantly, and the battery life sucks. I have to carry the charger around with me at all times, and charge it at least 3 times a day. The t9 feature is horrible, which is why I turned it off. Half of the apps wont even load most the time. If my screen is locked and I get a text I have to lock the screen back and press the home button before I can even slide to unlock the phone. The touch screen isn't as responsive as it used to be, I have to tap something 10 times before it opens. I hate that this thing doesn't have a back button, it only has a home button, which can be quite inconvenient at times when you're in a hurry and have to go all the way back to the home screen just to get back to where you were. The camera is of low quality and can be quite dark. The colors on this thing are not bright and vibrant, they are very dull. I also don't like the fact that the screen isn't customizable. This phone isn't very durable at all, if you drop it, it WILL break. Yes the Otterboxes do help but who wants to carry around a bulky phone? Just stay away from this phone, I would rather pay more for a phone that actually works than less for a phone that doesn't.

I love the phone and they did a good job, the only thing is, is that they said it was a iOS 5 and it was not, and I payed for a fast shipping and it came as if I didn't pay the extra bucks, but other then that I am pretty happy

Got it today, came in a lot faster than I expected! Looks brand new, and works great. Very impressed. Thanks.

i ordered 4 3gs on ios 5 u guys sent 4 on ios 6.1.3 now i cant unlocked/jailbreak that sucks

Perfect, love it. Arrived fast in the box with all parts ear buds charger abd manual. Great hand held conputer

I have received iPhone 3GS in time with good condition(New as mention in the ad)and I'm satisfied with order.Thanks a lot Amazon.Apple iPhone 3GS Black 8GB AT&T Locked

it was great and i love my iphone it works like brand new and was shipped quick. i couldn't believe

The phone works great and looks nearly new.  I received phone approximate 4 days after ordering which was less time than I expected.

The fact that a used iPhone  3 was still being sold for an extortionate $150 was a problem to me, but hey, beggars can't be choosers and i needed to buy via Amazon so i could use my Amazon card and make payments. After 5 weeks of having this phone the battery would usually die after about 3 hours of barely any use, and then after about 3 months it just randomly refused to charge. I felt totally ripped off!

I unlocking my phone, and then appears reported, and blocked me.I expect my money back.maybe the phone is stolen because I have been unable to unlock and resethttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0066UFK2G/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00

I liked the design of the phone & Apple's touch on it.  However, 3GS phones are outdated for whomever is seeking the latest technology & high specifications.  Memory is very low (8 GB), & can barely stand to hold the applications only.  If you're thinking to capture photos & record videos, this phone wouldn't be definately your choice.The phone also doesn't have front camera, gyroscope, Siri or facetime. Compared to today's smart phones, this iPhone is outdated.

I just took delivery of my iphone 3GS and it was more than I had expected. This is by far the most exciting bargains I have had all year long and I am EXTREMELY satisfied with it.

Got my phone and it works great. Only took 1 day to get here. Would def buy from them again.

Phone is in good condition, cord and charger do not work, but otherwise very happy with the purchase, would buy again.

it randomly shuts off, and i have to reset it to turn it back on. &nd; when it finally comes back on, the battery is low.the sound does not work.

Great if you don't want a contract, and I found a tutorial on how to not pay for a data plan on YouTube by the user: Anne McFlurry.  Or you can search: sIpM86ThJRoOtherwise, whoever your carrier is will tack one on automatically when you put in your SIM card!

Have never ordered from this vendor before, my daughter needed to replace her iphone (bathtub accident, they don't float)and they had a very low price for a used 3GS.  I ordered this with some trepidation but everything worked out well.  The shipment was quicker than quoted and the phone is in mint condition.  They even included a prepaid shipping label if there was a problem.  There was no problem and all parties were happy as can be.  I wouldn't hesitate to buy from these folks again.

I got this phone from ATT for 99! If you are willing to spend hundreds of dollars on a phone, get the latest one. Get the iPhone 4 or 4s. Go to the ATT store and you can get the iPhone 4 for 99! ATT doesn't have the iPhone 3gs. But why would you spend hundreds of dollars on a phone that's not even good. The screen is kinda fuzzy and not clear. It's can be scratched easily. Do not purchase this phone. You can get a much better phone. Trust me.

the product have not been able to come to work without the chip carrier, the chip does not read any operator

I was planning on sending the phone back for a refund because I thought I had ordered the wrong generation of the iphone. However, when it came in the mail it was so nice and in such great condition I decided to keep it.

I phone was unblemished worked perfectly and came with a quality case for the phone and its accessories so it would not be damaged or scratched. very convenient and unexpected to see when order arrived. A travel case i would describe it as.

The phone had a broken charger ever since i bought it. The volume on the phone goes to extremes (its usually way to low where i cant hear other people but it sometimes gets to high wear it actually hurts my ears). I would not recommend buying this phone to anyone. I got ripped off and wished I never bought it.

The phone is nice but... The part of the charger that plugs into the wall does not work. I plugged it into my laptop with the usb it started to charge. This phone does NOT come with a sim card. If I would have known at the time it didn't come with one I would have ordered one when I ordered the phone. Some people say you can go to AT&T and they will give you one free. I went and they ask if I had service with them I told them no, not yet. They wanted to charge me almost $30 dollars for the sim. I've ordered one from amazon for 3 bucks it's suppose to be new and unused so we'll see. The games from the store you have to download a higher IOS which can only be done by a computer which is fine but if you do it before you get your sim card you cannot do anything on the phone until you get one. The games cannot be played until you update the IOS.

This Iphone was bought for my son. It is just what he needed, enough technology without the price or worry. My son has had 3 phones stolen but I don't want to punish him for it, so this economical product is a dream

So far so good. I bought this phone for my son as a quick fix replacement iPhone about a month ago. Phone came in good condition. I have at&t so I wanted it at&t locked. And it was. Activating the phone was very easy after I ordered a new sim card from at&t . As of now I would purchase another refurbished locked at&t phone from this company .

Ive had several issues with the phone deleting contacts, other than that everything else works. I would not recommend buying this product due to the technology being behind the times.

didn't realize the damn thing was locked but found a ATT store who would unlock for me. the only bad thing was that the seller did not clear her stuff and I had to clear her contacts, photos, and a lot of personal info that could have been used against her if I had been a criminal. be careful what you sell in electronics!

the was totally locked, nobody can unlocked in Venezuela and damage batery, i spend a lot money traying unlocked and nothing, I always bought phones in amazon to take it to Venezuela and this is the first time i had problem

Ive had this phone for 2 and a half years and I'm writing this review on it. It still works very well and I haven't treated it completely amazing. I've dropped it probably 50 times, but I did have an otter box case so that might have helped. This phone blows non-smartphones out of the water. For when I got the phone, it was a great buy. I wouldn't recommend speeding too much on a new one now, go with 4 for a better camera and display.iPhone 5 here I come

This phone arrived in an open box, scotch taped together.  Missing the manual, sim tool opener and headphones.  Contacted Amazon, and the gave me a partial credit.  I was happy with that.  I called AT&T and got the phone unlocked with no problems.  I prefer to use a pay as you go service with AT&T as it is approx half the price of a contract.  Though they will tell you that prepaid does not work with iphones.  All you have to do is when you activate your sim online, where it asks for the IMEI number, just put all zero's. Worked like a charm...just a tidbit for those of you wondering if you can use an iphone as prepaid.  You can, they just don't want you to.  And this phone is perfect for just that.  Now I can use it in the U.S. and internationally.  Can't ask for more!

i have managed to find some store to unlock the phone for me so i send the seller afinal letter stating that i will keep the phone and not sending it back but when i took the phone to the store it turns that there is internal damage with the conection cable piece for at the phone and need to be replaced and they are also not sure if will solvee  the problem ,they said if it did not work then it might be some thing with the mother board it self ,so you see i have paid more money for product it should be working when i recieved it alos all it said when i bought it from amazon web site it is locked it does not mentioned that the phone had internal problems ,and i have all the recet for the phone right now and still expecting more from the store !!!!?? Also I forgot to add afact that this phone is not 3gs it is 3g and it is abig thing when you post some thing it is not true!!!!!!

I bought this while I wait for my upgrade. It is a great phone and dies everything you need it to do without spending a fortune on all the new iPhones!

I received this locked ATT iphone on time from "Phone etc." (fulfilled by Amazon). Link:Apple iPhone 3GS Black 8GB AT&T; LockedI just took it to ATT to switch the sim card from my dead (went swimming with it) iphone. It only took them a couple of minutes to install the old sim card and activate my new phone. Everything works great. I took it home and connected it to itunes, set it up as a new iphone, and was able to sinc all my backed up info from my old iphone onto this new one. I am a happy camper. It couldn't have been any easier.

I just got the iphone 3gs from the seller Midwestern Books. And I felt so disappointed because the phone was not working properly. It has defects and I can not turn off the power  of the phone.. Return immediately!!!!!!!!!!!!:( This is the first bad purchase experience from Amazon!!Hopefully, this review may help you guys from buying things online..

They're out there Apple iphone. This is Hey on the phone. I am a stroke use Only one Hand this phone is perfect for me.

Got this for my daughter and then she gave it to my grand daughter and she loves it and will love the cover for it

you said it works for all gsm networks and i have tmobile and i put my sim card in and it doesnt work you said it was unlocked in the discription, and it doesnt work!!! now i have a freaking iphone that i cant freaking use!! you better give me a solution to unlock this phone or i demand a refund!

I have several issues with this Iphone after using it for the last year.  I got this exact model from my phone plan carrier new right out of the box from Apple.  This phone is not well designed in terms of how easy it is to damage it.  If you drop or it hit it (i dropped mine 2ft onto gravel, it landed on it's side) the screen will spider crack.  My Iphone spider cracked all the way from the left bottom corner to the top right corner cracking over 50% of the screen.  For Apple's price tags this is unacceptable for such a short drop, but again poor design.  The backside of the phone near the charger port is cracking apart to, it already has a growing 1" crack going up the back of the Iphone.  Keep in mind this is after only 1 short drop and having the phone for only a year thus far.  The IOS is a joke compared to the far superior Android or Windows 7.5(8).  As for apps Apple has 200,000....about 50,000 of them are actually useful or wrok.  The included IOS apps camera, photo, youtube, and safari crash daily on a regular basis and sometimes freeze up to a black screen until your battery dies as reset stops working when this happens.  The youtube app is total garbage and cripples youtube use in an already stale flashless ecosystem.  The youtube app filters your search so you can never find what video/song your looking for even if you type it in letter for letter while watching the video in question off youtube.com on a real computer.  The only search rusults you will see are cover versions of the songs etc your looking by annoying people feeling the need to video tape themselves.  Maybe Apple made the youtube app such garbage so users would be forced to pay to listen from itunes, it certainly sounds like something they would do and have done.  Having no flash support is just braindead, and without jailbreak you can't do anything to fix it and if you jailbreak this locked down piece of junk you can't update it or sign into itunes.  The camera is good when the camera app stops crashing long enough to use it, the speaker is decent if you can find any non-flash videos after deleting the useless youtube app and going to youtube through safari which makes it slow but at least it shows you actual search results....even if you cannot watch 85% of them due to crapple not having flash.  This phone drops signal regularly and stays there until you reset the phone, if you walk under pretty much anything your signal is gone or it fades and dies by itself.  The signal reception on this device sucks, simply put.  The touch features work most of the time but suck for web browsing, games or typing.  Get some of your friends to send you back some of the texts you send on this, they will surly think you drunk.  The battery life is terrible, it will last a long time if you don't use it but constantly losing signals and searching for them until you reset the phone drains it, video or music drains it super quick, safari use drains it quick and if you can get a signal for more than 20mins calling/recieving calls drains it.  In a nutshell, not good battery life for the price.  With all Apple products these days you cannot change the batteries or buy back up batteries which is blatently wrong and just plain screwing the user forcing them to take it to the Apple store.  The headphone jack sucks because even with no headphones attatched to it, it locks itself into headphone mode for no reason.  Getting out of headphone mode has to be done physically as there is no setting for this to be toggled in this stale IOS.  Until you get the phone out of headphone mode, you cannot hear anything (music,ringers,calls,video) from the Iphone.  Lastly this Iphone gets extremely hot at times for no reason, but it's not a suprize as other phones/pda's have ventilation, the Iphone does not.  Apple would rather have it thin that function properly it seems.  As my review of this implies I am very unhappy with the Iphone and have ditched it for the far superior Nokia Windows phone.  I would not recommend an Iphone to anyone and once Surface comes out the Ipad (giant iphone) will be obsolete anyway.

I was running off a droid for a minute, but I was very displeased. I wanted an iPhone but wasn't eligible for an upgrade for a while. I chose to get a 3gs to hold me over until I get a 4s or a 5. Works perfectly for all my needs and arrived in great time!

The order was as expected, in perfect conditions, no scratches and strong battery life. I had it for a month now and it functions perfectly with no problems at all.

The shipper was true to his word and the refurbished phone worked like a charm....all in all I was very satisified and happy with my purchase. I was a little unsure though to be honest, but everything went well and I phone looked like new. :)

I bought this for my wife for $90 and sold my 2GS for $78.  So she got an Apple phone for $12.

super awesome  i fill lucky to have suck a good product this iPhone was in great conditions you can count whit the bender to ask question i will answer that question,amazon is the best place to buy and make your  business going forward

I bought this phone from a friend who upgraded to an Iphone 5. We both go through AT@T and I am a prepaid customer and he is not. I was told this phone would not work with the prepaid plan. Im stubborn so I poped in my GoPhone sim card and have been using it ever since. Didn't have to do a thing to the phone except set it up from the factory reset. Works great and I Love it.

I received this AT&T; Iphone 2 days before.I got what i expected.It's really more happy to say i have received Unlocked Brand new phone without any defects.And also I got very Good response from 10K celler.I can recommend this to My frends.

It worked as good as a New one. I like the small size and would buy another one if I needed a new phone

3G, and 3GS cannot support the iOS 7, 6,5, or 4.  When u upgrade the phone completely loses all action. You can't get into apps and throws you off and so slow... Get a 4 or above
