
I love this phone. it is so sturdy and well built. there is nuthing i would change about it. this isint a phone its a coumputer for the most part!

I got this phone at a metro store in November and I am so happy with it. I will run down the pros and cons for you guys:Pros:Nice camera.Camera flash!4G LTE. Super fast data speeds.Very large screen. Even though I am 6'4", I wouldn't want the screen to be any larger because then I would need two hands to press buttons in the corners (lol).Cons:Currently there is no root for the recent ZVC update (which fixes some peoples random rebooting), and currently no ROMs, however this will change very VERY soon since a working CWM (clockwork mod) has been built for it.Without the ZVC update, you may get random reboots. I, however, have only had it happen twice in two months.My music playlists randomly disappear. May be fixed with cm7 or ICS custom ROMs when they appear within the first 2-3 weeks of 2012.Overall I really love this camera and when it's rooted and all the MetroPCS bloatware is removed and it's overclocked (it can run at 1.7 GHz stable isntead of the stock 1 GHz speed) it's extremely powerful and snappy. My battery lasts about 16 hours of medium usage before it needs to be charged again with the stock battery, but you can always buy the extended battery.

The Lg Esteem is a nice phone. It is not compatible with apple computers but if you know how to do a bluetooth transfer, you can get music and pictures on the phone. It does reboot randomly, but it has only happened a couple of times since I got the phone.I had a blackberry before and with that phone I could customize all of the tones and alerts with anything I had stored on the phone. This phone however, you can only customize the ringtone. The camera quality is good, and the flash is definitely works well.android market is nice because it has pretty much all of the same apps I have on my iPod, and its quick to download. Another downer is that when you have an email, or Facebook notification, if doesn't let you know on the app itself, like the iPods, and iPhones do, but it will show on the status bar that you have a notification.Pretty good phone, is compatible with beats by dre headphone as a bluetooth. Overall I like the phone, resolution is nice, and has a fluid swiping motion.

I had previously given this phone 4 stars out of the box but things went down hill quickly afterwards. I bought the phone originally from an online dealer for about $350 Nov 2012 which could have influenced the quality. Metro Pcs was gracious enough to replace this phone 2x for me within a month of buying it even though I did not buy it through their official site, which is probably why I ended up struggling to make it work until yesterday (2/25/2014).So what's wrong with it? It's slooooowwwwww, slow to boot up (5 minutes, I'm not kidding), slow response on most every app, the battery life sucks big time (you will need to charge in the middle of the day--I ended up buying an extended battery which made the phone very heavy and clunky just to get battery life from 9-5 pm--and I am not a big time user, I listen to some tunes maybe check my email and send a couple of texts throughout the day), the phone becomes intermittently unresponsive--one day it works okay the next you can't even make a phone call or send a text much less listen to music or get on the internet. Granted I'm not sure how much that has to do with Metro or the phone but let's just say even while on my home cable high speed wireless network I was often not able to make this phone work. And I should note that I live in Oakland CA--hardly the boonies. I took this phone back to Metro repeatedly--had it rebooted and reactivated and updated several times and every time it would work great for a few days or weeks and then just start acting up again. Very disappointing first smart phone purchase, after spending so much money I didn't want to admit that this phone was a lemon--it is! Run form this hunk of junk like the plague!!! I seriously can't understand how LG is still in the cell phone business--it's not like you can say this was just one bad phone--I owned 3 separate versions and all of them failed--epically!So to finish my story, yesterday I tried to call my husband at home and couldn't get the phone to even dial--I decided I had had enough! I found a Moto G on Verizon's website on sale for $100 and they only charge $50 a month--just $10 more than Metro--my piece of mind is worth it. The Moto G is the hottest phone on the market now for the price since Google took them over. I'll post a review for that phone after a few weeks. Good bye LG and goodbye Metro. I hope this review helps someone else avoid the pain and frustration I endured for a year and a half due to this overpriced phone.

The good:-Good weight-indestructible screen-Good cameras-easy and fun to use-Android 2.3-Amazing video playback-Useful if you don't have home internet-It's cheap!-4G LTEThe bad:-Boot process takes forever and kills battery-Battery rapidly deteriorates-After that, battery life sucks-Randomly freezes-Only comes in black-SlowOverall it's an awesome phone and I still love it.

I bought LG Esteem 4G  for my doughter to use skype and we love it.Picture is clear,sound is good,it works with metro pcs.It is a very nice phone.

I have had my LG Esteem for about 10 months now, and this has to be the absolute worst phone I have ever owned.  It randomly reboots itself, and goes through it's battery like there is no tomorrow.  I have even purchased an extended battery, but still find that my phone can't go 8 hours on a single charge.  I have turned off every running application as well, with no increase in battery life.  Do not buy this phone.  It is not worth the cost.  No matter how well the other features of the phone work (camera, screen, etc. is very good), but if you can't keep the phone charged up, cool features are useless.

Excellent smart phone for me,please have in mind that I'm not a text maniac so the battery last all day for me.Love it!

Don't buy it! Save yourself the money and leave this thing alone because there happens to be a software glitch that will eventually make your phone freeze and shut down for no reason...I got so frustrated that I just switched to and htc phone and a new company because I had terrible customer service too. Ugh, it was so ridiculous to be in the middle of a conversation with my supervisor and then have the dumb phone freeze...save your money!

This phone has a lot of positives. It's nice and big so it is easy to see the screen. It works pretty fast on the internet. You can go right to YouTube to watch videos which is nice especially when you have young ones. My son loves to watch his cartoons on it when we go shopping. The negatives about this phone is that if the batteries die and you have to plug it in, it takes FOREVER to start back up!!!! It's like having an old car and needing to let it warm up before you can drive away. Great features, I would love to give it five stars but trust me, the having to wait to use your phone thing can get annoying!!

Needed a descent phone for my son, and this is just the right item at a great price. Thank you.

Really happy with this phone. Dont have any trouble with rebooting like others. Battery life is low but so were my other smartphones. I gave up my iphone for this. Its way cheaper & I think i even like it more. Also, metro pcs service has great reception where I live.

Phone continually re boots itself and is very very. . . . slow. Sometime the phone doees not accept text messages or even send!! Frustrated with this cell that gives me absolutely hell! And yes I will give them the credit of a one star just because I agree on the statement which is. .. HATE IT

Do not buy metro phones online unless your sure the seller included the card that looks like a sim card I forget what is called but the phone will not work without the original

This is a great phone. With lots of cool features.. totally deserves five stars. I would recommend this phone to everybody.

All I can say is that this phone has caused me nothing but a multitude of headaches. Just so everybody knows, LG knowingly released a batch of these phones with manufacturing defects to be sold to their customers. Neither they nor Metro told customers this. How legal is that? Not very. Oh, and the supposed update that LG released to "fix" this rebooting issue just makes the reboots last longer (my phone periodically freezes for 10 minutes then finally turns on and off). Ugh, I'm going back to Verizon.

Phone is fast and works wonderful. Has enough gigabits best phone metro has out so far but it has a huge down fall if you don't insure it and even when you do it still has a fall back. If you lose your sim card or it gets damaged the phone is worthless. Metro or LG has no replacement card for this phone. So in other words you lose out on money if that sim card is damaged sad how they manufacture this phone with one of it's kind sim card per cell. smh When I was trying to resolve my issue all I got from their customer service was a sorry phone is no longer useful you would have to purchase another at full price. Highly disappointed with Metro PCS

so far its good phone.. ITS BETTER THAN THE GALAXY INDULGE, CAMERA IS GOOD NOT HIGH QUALITY BUT GOOD, IT DOESNT HAVE TOUCH TO FOCUS, BUT IT HAS MANUAL FOCUS, MACRO, AND FACE TRACKING. VIDEO RECORDING RESOULTION IS GOOD IT RECORDS IN 720P BUT I THINK IT RECORDS ABOUT 25 FRAMES PER SECOND OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT CUZ THE VIDEO LOOKS A LITTLE BIT SLOW. CALL QUALITY NOT THE GREATEST BUT GOOD.. PROCESSOR IS GREAT, VERY FAST. DISPLAY, NOT GREAT LIKE THE SUPER AMOLED, ITS A REGULAR LCD DISPLAY BUT GOOD, IT HAS A YELLOWISH TONE WHICH CAN FRUSTATE YOU, BUT PERSONALLY I DONT CARE ABOUT THAT SO IF UR LIKE ME ULL B FINE!.  BATTERY LIFE, FAIR, DEPENDS ON USE, I DRAINS FAST WHILE BROWSING CUZ ITS A 4G PHONE, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO BUY A EXTENDED BATTERY YOU CAN FIND IT HERE IN AMAZON SEARCH FOR LG STEEM EXTENDED BATTERY.  AND IF U BUY IT, DO NOT REMOVE THE ICC ID OR SIM CARD IF U REMOVE IT, THE PHONE WILL BE BLOCKD ON METROPCS NETWORK, IN CASE THAT THAT HAS HAPPENED TO YOU HERE IS A TIP:  JUST KEEP INSERTING IT, N REMOVING IT, PLAY WITH IT THE PHONE WILL UNLOCKD THE PHONE.  A METROPCS EMPLOYEE TOLD ME THAT IF U REMOVE THE SIM CARD ILL VOID YOUR WARRANTY....SOUND QUALITY.. GREAT SOUND QUALITY.. VERY CLAR, IT HAS SORROUND SOUND EFFECT, ITS VERY GOOD...THIS IS MY REVIEW.. IF UR LOOKING FOR A CHEAP UNLIMITED SERVICE AND A SMARTPHONE TO BROWSE SOCIAL NETWORK, CHECK YOUR BANK ACCT, BUY FROM AMAZON OR EBAY, AND MANY MORE WEBSITES GET THIS PHONE!.. BUT IF UR LOOKING FOR A HIGH QUALITY PHONE WITH A GREAT CAMERA, SUPER AMOLED DISPLAY, OR THOSE KIND OF FEATURES,, YOU BETTER GET A PHONE FROM SPRINT, VERIZON, OR T MOBILE,,, WITH 2 YEAR CONTRACT!!!!....

I GOT THIS AS AN EARLY CHRISTMAS PRESENT DECEMBER 9TH 2011 SO FAR SO GOOD IT HAS REBOOTING.IT HAS OTHER THAN THAT PHONE ITS WELL WORTH IT.ITS LIGHTNING FAST,CAMERA: GREAT DUAL CAMERAS WITH FLASH (:VOLUME : REALLY LOUDBATTERY LIFE NOT SO GOOD BUT NOT ALL PHONES FAULT

I've had my phone for almost a year already and I only have one complaint..the phone is a little slow with the $ 40 plan but when I had the $50 pan it was awesome YouTube is great wifi even better! the camera is great. except its a little bit of a big sized phone.

I bought two of these, one for me and one for my wife. Both were great for a coule of months, then becamse EXXTREEEEMELY slow, just to make calls, select a contact, everything. I'm ok with the horrible battery life because I bought a long lasting battery. But the slowness... VERY IRRITATING!! I'd rather have a $30 non-android phone. This phone is HORRIBLE!!!And to top it off, IT DIED AFTER 8 MONTHS OF USE! It powers up but then powers down, we've tried different batteries, everything... so now I'm having to send it back.I'll be selling the replacement I get and getting something else.I HATE THIS PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Everything about it sucks, except the screen!

I waited for this phone for about two weeks and couple days b4 I was going v to receive it was canceled and my money pit back in my hsn

Keep in mind that you can't return this phone once you've used 60 minutes. This is a terrible phone. It reboots itself many times a day, cuts off phone calls, and eats up the battery like a starving lion. After two days, I gave up on it, cancelled Metro pcs for Sprint, and am happy. If you buy this phone, you will be sorry.

It sucks on an epic scale. It froze with in 30 seconds after every power up. Not worth it even if they gave it away.

Nice phone. It felt like an iPhone with the case I got it comes with great features but battery doesn't last long.

Omg, this phone is the perfect size to surf the Web,check emails,write reviews,and when i ordered it,i was reading the info and it said it may take up to 14 days ,it was in my hands in 3 days and activated i was nervous ordering but i read reviews about the seller then i felt at ease now im getting one for my boy love amazon

I have had this phone for 5 months, and I have not had a single issue with it. It has great screen, and it is fast. I would never exchange this phone for an iPhone; iPhone sucks compared to this phone. Not only the screen is bigger, but it is also sturdy. You can drop it as many times as you want, and the screen will be like new. I have dropped it so many times at the parking lot over the five months, and I just have some scratches on the case but not on the screen. You do not need a screen protector with this phone. Most of the Apple bots I see with their cool iPhone have broken screen. And unlike iPhone, it supports Flash, so you can easily browse all the Flash websites.I have used this phone for everything: Skype, 4G hotspot (root required), GPS navigation, alarm clock, browsing websites, watching videos, checking email, messaging, and making phone calls. It has performed flawlessly. Sometimes, I feel that I do not really need my laptop anymore.The only thing that I wish was better is the battery life. On a regular battery, it will last about 7-12 hours on a single charge (regular use without heavy browsing). However, I have solved this problem by buying an extended LG battery. Now, it lasts for about 30 hours on a single charge of regular usage, and for about 8 hours if I use it as a non-stop 4G hotspot. So, extended battery is a must, or you will be annoyed because you are running out of charge. Buy only brand-name LG extended battery from Verizon (on sale for $24.99 for from time to time) for LG Revolution (Verizon's version of LG Esteem) or from MetroPCS (never seen it on sale there). Do not buy cheap Chinese extended batteries!!! I have tried; they are junk and last only slightly longer than a regular LG battery. If you plan on buying an extended battery, do not waste your money on a case, for it will not fit.I see that some people have random reboot issues. I have not experienced a single random reboot. I bought my phone from MetroPCS online, and I unsubscribed my lines from MetroExtras ads long time ago (you have to email them to do it). I am not sure whether there is a defective batch out there, or it is a glitch due to MetroExtras ads.It is a great phone, especially with the extended battery.

I had this phone for 3 day. The battery was draining without me even using the phone. The battery would die with 3 hours. I returned it and they said that they could take it back, however they admitted that all metropcs 4G phones have this problem. Dont waste you money!!!

Worst phone I've had by far. I kept it one day. The battery life on full use may last 4 hours if your fortunate. The call and speakerphone quality is by far the worst out of any phone I've had. If you don't have the limited 4G signal, you can't properly browse any web functions or even check your email in a timely manner. This is where Metro goes south with me. I'm permanently switching to Virgin Mobile. The apps run fast, the design of the phone is weak, it charges from the side, and turns on/wakes up only from a miniscuel button on top. If you put the phone on full brightness, you'd be blessed to get 2 hours from it!

It is the best phone MetroPCS has.  Yes, it does drain you battery if you run lots of apps.  I place my phone in airplane mode when I walk through building to save battery.  Big screen.  Nice 5Mpeg camera. Flash. I ran out of memory with 3-movies downloaded.  Buy a SD card. Get a case and screen protector.  MetroPCS is great in TampaBay.  My 4G if faster than apple, which cracks me up when my friends insist their plan is better.  Android voice command is better than SIRI by 99%.  SIRI never right.  Buy Andriod.

I had this phone for a couple of days and I'm loving it, the phone is fast, sleek and so easy to personalize. The major issue I've had right now is definitely the pint size memory but that will be solved once I get the SD card. I've been with metro for like, four years now, so I can't really say if their 4g is faster or slower than Verizon or Sprint but I can tell you it's pretty fast and the plan's price is very reasonable.

I'm surprised to see so many negative reviews for this phone. After reading a couple of them it seems like a lot of people are coming from or going to Verizon. Truth is this phone and service isn't as good as Verizons, but considering it's less the half the price you would pay at verizon, it's really good. I had a T-mobile mytouch 4G which I lost and got this phone as a replace ment. This phone kicks the mytouches a*s!! I paid like $500 for the mytouch because I wanted to put simple mobile service on it. Well, I guess it was the $40 dollar a month simple mobile service but my mytouch was super slow, youtube was a joke and too frustrating to even bother with. The camera and video worked pretty good, but this phones camera and video work just as good. Plus youtube using the $50 dollar a month plan with MetroPCS is FLAWLESS. In fact it works better then my home wifi connection, when i watch videos on my phone at home using my wifi connection it might stop and pause some, but still pretty good. It's nice and loud, picture resolution is super clear. The phone hasn't frozen on me yet but I did get a black screen of doom today :( I hope my cute phone doesn't make that a habit, but so far that's the only real complaint I have.So if your comparing this phone and service to Verizon then yeah, you're bound to be disappointed. I'm coming from T-mobile/simple mobile and I'm impressed :)Great phone at $50 dollars a month (plus $5 insurance since im a clutz). If you need an awesome phone for videos, music, photo's, calling, try this one. Anything more then that, get ready to shell out at LEAST $120 a month with verizon. That's way too much for me, so i'll stick with the LG Esteem!

Good phone and good Coverage but the phone randomly reboots when its not pluged in. As of Jabuary 20th there is NO fix.

Ok, among other issues with the MetroPCS bloatware apps that randomly shut the phone off at really inconvenient moments (more on that later), this phone has a horrendous lack of battery life. I made 4 five minute phone calls and the battery died. Had to recharge the phone 3 times in 12 hours. Takes 3 hours to fully charge the battery--about as long as it takes to discharge it.Apparently, even when you're not using the phone, the Metro Apps keep running in the background, draining the battery life. I've shut several of them off, like the really annoying Metro Extras app that cannot be deleted from the phone. Once you shut this app off it shuts your phone off in a short period of time and resets itself into running mode. This along with the Astro file manager app --which can also not be deleted from the phone, eats up the RAM, slowing the amount of tasks that you can perform on the phone. Try streaming a video or playing Plants vs. Zombies, among other games. The Astro file manager has a task killer running in it. What that means is that you won't be able to play many games because the Astro shuts them down.Don't waste your money on this '4G' phone. It's not worth it. I had a 3G LG Optimus with Metro before and didn't have any issues with it. Thought if I spend a bit more and get a higher processor phone my experience would be better. Instead it's the opposite; I am really disappointed with Metro now. Thinking of switching. Oh and this phone also has periodic spasms of static in the foreground that can really annoy the hell out of anyone using it. And, it does not come according to the manufacturers' specs. Instead of getting 8 GB as advertized, Metro swindles you with a 2 GB phone. The RAM and ROM are a quarter of what they say it is. (Go into a METRoPCS store and check out their boards and then check your phone's specs on the phone itself.)When I complained to the seller in the store 2 weeks after I got the phone, the seller simply called customer service and I got stuck speaking to someone in India who lied to me about the specs and then told me to go to a Corporate Store if I want to complain.Too many annoyances with Metro PCS now. I don't recommend them.Update: 6/6/12  Ok, so I've stuck with this phone and a good thing I did; reading my initial review you'd think that I would've gotten rid of this thing (My original rating was 2 stars). Apparently LG has fixed the glitches cause my phone doesn't shut off anymore and there's no more static. I have also found several other useful features on this phone. The micro HDMI port has been of great use to me (since my girlfriend has no cable or internet at her place), I've been streaming Netflix nonstop on her big screen TV through my phone. Just have to hook up the charger and it works great. MetroPCS's 4G network allows me to stream video with virtually no lag down and the unlimited data plan is a plus.I still give this phone only 4 stars for the lack of battery life. A cell phone is a portable device and should be more energy efficient. I don't like to have to constantly worry about the battery dying. I have ordered an expansion battery and will see how well that will fare but the drawback from that is it'll also make the phone more bulky.Update: 7/2/12 Well, the expansion battery works; I now get an average of 8 hours per charge. I thought that I'd give this phone a 5 now but it has begun turning itself off again--and at the worst moments possible--while I'm talking to people! My gf is pissed at me cause she thinks I'm intentionally hanging up on her and LG and Metro will be held responsible if things go sour in my relationship! Owning this phone is like being on a roller coaster ride. I initially gave it a 2 star rating, then switched it to a 4 star...and now am going down to a 3 star. Seriously though, when the phone works it works pretty well but then it has its seizures and the experience becomes frustrating. Overall I'd recommend it to someone that wants a powerhouse device with many options... but buyer beware, I bought this phone for $250 and Metro has now spiked that price up to $379. Perhaps the one I got came from an inferior batch ( see the memory specs discrepancy above.)Also, service from Metro is not always reliable. When you are in a metropolitan city--hence METRO PCS--the signal is pretty good. Try going upstate though and the phone becomes useless. I got no signal in upstate NY. And because of so many people switching to Metro, the network is becoming overloaded, I guess, since Metro is now putting their 'unlimited' data plan with no slowdown at $70. I'm paying $60/month and was told that data download would not slow down after a specific number of gigs but now if you look at their plans they're saying that after 5 gigs of data the 'unlimited' plan no longer works in the $60 range- in other words if i start downloading a lot of things, after 5 gigs my download speed will decrease. This is still better then Verizon or AT&T; which slow you down after 2 or 3 gigs respectively.And a response to the comment posted under my review...I did look into 'rooting' the phone and the results are not always positive. I'm not much of a techie and don't want to turn the phone into a worthless brick (even though it still is sometimes) in case the rooting goes awry.

I have had this phone way too long. I can't begin to tell you how many times that this thing has froze up on me just attempting to make a simple phone call, sending a text, receiving a text....and then trying to bring up apps. Phone worked great the first month and then problems....so many. Maybe the carrier...could just be me?? I've been using Metro long before I had this phone and never had significant problems so was confident with them to splurge a little bit more by buying this thing,  at the time it was Metros top of the line LG....what a DISAPPOINTMENT....

I have had the the phone for about 3weeks and it is AWESOME.I switched from Sprint to Metro Pcs ,and have yet to look back.Thespeed is constant at about 2-3mbps download and upload speed is 2-5mbps.(Dallas-Ft.Worth)I was hesitant to invest 379.00 bucks on this phone. I can honestly say I have only one dropped call.If you are ready to leave those big companies and their random billing spikes its a win win situation.

Unless you are a VERY patient person with little else to do but reboot and wait ALOT!!! After a torturous year of owning this phone my kids heard mommy say things she should never say in front of them,the phone finally took it's final assisted flight into a wall. I then purchased the galaxy s3 Aaaaaahhhhhhh what a relief. Soooo worth every penny!

My main reason for buying this phone was HDMI connectivity. I connected this phone with HDMI cable to HDMI to VGA converter($37)sold by BrainyTrade. Then, I connected the converter with VGA cable to Samsung B2230 22-inch LCD monitor. By doing that I was able to display the content from the little phone screen to the big 22-inch screen of the computer monitor. Fantastic!

worst phone i ever owned it reboots all the time and the battery life was horrible i moved to virgin mobile and got the lg optimus elite what a difference please save your money and buy another phone

this fone random reboots all day. this fone random reboots when I am making and receiving important fone calls. this fone random reboots when the alarm is set and I dont get my alarm. This is totally unacceptable. If I could I would give it zero stars. I took the fone to metropcs and they acted as if I was the only one with this problem and they never heard of it before.

I bought this phone for my husband and he loves how big the screen it how he can downloadAnything really quickly and the face time he loves. :)

In the begining this phone was amazing. then I started having battery life issues and random reboots. now I must constantly turn off all running programs and turn off the data so I MIGHT have enough battery to make a call. whenI am plugged into a charger it works great. NOW all of a sudden I no longer am getting 4g signal. only 3g or 1x. I am riding this out until I can get my $400 worth so I can switch to an Iphone. I would like to actually be able to USE my phone without it always dying.

This is the best Metro PCS phone out there. It has a very large Amoled screen, colors are so vibrant it totally blew my mind.  It has fast download at 4G speed at locations that provide 4G speed (at my office no less). Touch is very responsive, although sometimes a bit too sensitive which caused me to text to wrong person lol. The camera quality is very good; even the front cam, with 3x zoom and flash. I don't bring my pocket camera out anymore after I have this baby.  The battery life after I installed battery saver app it lasted longer and as expected with all smart phones.  This is the best prepaid android phone out there and I am still in love with it after 3 months of usage.

It would have been a great product if it would not reboot many times daily. I've contacted LG but there is no fix yet. How can LG put a product out without making sure it works. Just google "LG Esteem reboot issue" and you see so many people have the same issue.

Fully loaded with all of the latest apps from the android market.Big screen,nice colors on the screen.This phone can only be used with the 4g lte package,it moves fast enough for me,sometimes it runs an error message(I dont know why) the gorilla glass is a plus to the phone.In my overall review I would like to say Lg did a good job at making this phone user friendly,however Metro did a really bad job at pricing this phone.because who can afford a 4hundred dollar phone(from metro)? If your going to pay that much for a phone,you should look into another carrier right?but thank goodness for Amazon:-):-):-)

Just got this phone to replace a lost phone, and decided to try the prepaid route after having been a contract-subscriber for the longest. In this review, I would actually rate the phone itself 4 stars, but the service (MetroPCS) 2 stars, hence the balance in the middle.I'll start with the good. The phone itself is pretty good, great features, build quality for a prepaid carrier. It is, as of this writing, the top-of-the-line Android for Metro (until the LG Connect actually ships). Great screen quality, and not a bad resolution for mid-tier Android. The phone is heavy, but not too overbearing, and Gingerbread OS works smoothly. 5MP shooter is pretty mediocre, but lots of settings for both stills and vids. 4G runs great (when there's service). Only couple drawbacks are the dinky micro-usb charge port door that you have to pry open every time in order to charge/sync your phone (and you'll be needing to do that often!)I believe after regular use, it will just fall off. But the main con of this device is the atrocious battery life! It is terrible! Believe the reviews! You'll need to hang onto your charger every where you go if you intend to make it through the workday. EX: I had it pulled off the plug at 12PM today at around 78% remaining, and at 4:40pm, it went down to 15%!! This just about 10 mins of calls, some data usage, no streaming or anything else. I had blue tooth on and wifi, but thats about it. At 5Pm, it went down to 6%!Now, onto to the service. It may vary from where you're located and travel to, but Metro has a reputation for good reason. The plans are cheap for a reason. When 4G works, I get about 4MB/ps down/up, which is pretty good, not LTE like they claim, but not bad. (better then my home wifi!) But if you don't, you get 1X service (aka 2G), or else "No Data" and you can use NO data-intensive services. Calls would go through, but not very clear. And you better be doing your work outdoors, because indoor reception kicks the bucket.Oh, and did I mention that I get NO incoming text messages? None. I can send, but not receive. Have been on the phone w/ cust serv, flashed the phone, reprogrammed it, shut down, reboot, etc....and still not working. Had to use google voice to route txt's to the phone. Unacceptable. This was the last straw, and will be putting the phone up for sale, and Verizon, here I come!

Strait to the point it is the best phone Metro has it, is the best phone I ever had. If Verizon has the exact same that should tell you something on its own. The first thing you need to know this is bigger than IPhone 4s. It has a great processor it plays 720 .mkv movies for my daughter or anything you can throw at it. I've installed a 32gb card (for $32 not bad) so it's got plenty of space. The display is actually better than real life. I found myself staring at a picture which was looking better on the phone's display than on my 27" monitor. Android 2.3 are better than good it's great.  I use to own windows phones and I remember all the tweaking I have to manage to be able to use GPS and various applications. Therefore I'm in love with the market and applications it's offered. All in all 4.5 stars because the minor flaws I found annoying.Problems so far I've discovered: when I use Bluetooth in my car switching between conversations just does not happening. I tried many times but it switches into the other line but then silence nothing happened. I've asked people on the other line they said like I've didn't answered. I must mention this could be my car's Bluetooth problem or maybe the two together that I don't know. The next thing is if you buying this phone or considering buying it than you better get a car charger and a couple of chargers everywhere you go. Because this phone is going to be on the charger all the time. I've got one in the kitchen one in the bedroom one next to my couch watching TV. During driving you guessed it is on the charger all the time. Normal usage 3-4hrs on a full charge literally by the minute. I've just received the 3000mAh OEM LG battery which is charging right now but I have to tell you it is a lot of compromise. First of all it's heavy second of all it's big. That being said I post a review on that after a few weeks of usage. I use Skype and it works fine although if I receive a phone call during Skype conversation switching back and there is no sound. Quick restart of Skype and it's all good.Final thoughts on this phone every phone comes with a compromise on some level. This one's biggest advantage is the display size and 4g. The biggest disadvantage is the standard charger port instead of the appropriate port that makes it impossible to charge the battery in a reasonable time.

I ordered this phone because METRO was out of the item, I received the phone but it apparently had the wrong chip put in the phone and to this day I still have not been able to activate it. So I am sitting on a 300 dollar phone and no one seems to be able to help me. Not amazon, not Metro.... just bought a 300 dollar phone that is absolutely useless to me along with the 60 dollars of accessories for it!!!

Ok.  This is actually 2 reviews in one because both my wife and I had the same phone.  I got a good one and she got a bad one.  The only issues I can complain about is battery life being too short...but I installed an extended battery and that gets me a whole day. Not great but adequate.  The other issue I have is the reboot time is incredibly long...5 to 10 minutes.  Other than that it is a good phone with great features..for me at least.  Now for my wife's phone.  Nothing but a nightmare!  Shuts off reboots often.  The extended battery only lasts 6 hours.  The display will turn itself off and on at it's own will.  Long charge times.  These problems got worse after the first several months and now she can't take it anymore.  She does not want another LG this time so she is going with the Samsung galaxy sIII mini which has fantastic reviews.  The bottom line is..it appears LG sold some defective phones in the mix at the customers expense and if you got a bad one you will curse them.  I gave it a 4 and she gave it a 1 so that is why it is 2 stars after rounding down.

DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.IT WILL NEVER WORK RIGHT NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO.  BATTERY ALWAYS DIES AND PHONE FREEZES. YOU CAN'T CALL OUT BUT YOU GET CALL IN BUT THEN THEY GO TO A MESSAGE CENTER WHERE THEN YOUR PHONE LOCKS AND THEN YOU HAVE TO TAKE OUT THE BATTERY FOR IT TO RESTART.I PURCHASE THE PHONE FOR $384.00 FROM METRO PCS ON NOVEMBER 11, 2011. PHONE WOULD TURN OFF AND ON WHENEVER IT WANTED SO I WENT BACK TO THE STORE WHERE THE IT GUY CHARGED ME $30.00 TO REMOVE THE AUTO ROOMING WIRELESS GADGET ON THE PHONE. PHONE NEVER WORKED AND I WAS OUT MY MONEY.

This is the worst phone I ever owned. If you ever think of getting an LG phone, forget about this one. This phone is a lot of problems.

I purchased my Lg Esteem last December. It was my first ever smartphone and i though it was amazing at first but the honey moon did not last long. One of the main problems with this phone was the abysmal battery life. When i say bad, i mean BAD. Metro PCS advertises this phone as 4G phone but don't you dare turn the 4G one unless you are planning to recharge the phone at noon. Last week i was waiting in line and decided to stream Netflix for a bit while i waited. I watched for about 45 minutes and the phone was at 50%. That is not acceptable. You can try putting an extended battery but the phone is going to look super bulky and some of the cases for the extended battery make the phone look like an inflated balloon.Another thing that really bugged me about the phone is that there is not nearly enough RAM. If you have a couple of apps open the phone tends to lag and it sometimes reboots on its own when under a lot of stress. The phone becomes unresponsive at times when you are trying to hang up a call, it is very annoying.One thing i did like about the phone a lot is the build quality. This phone is very, very tough. I dropped mine at least 10 times and besides a few minor scratches on the corner it looked like new. The screen has gorilla glass and it never scratched. The screen is a smudge magnet. But then again most smartphones are.The camera and the display are the best thing going for this phone. The screen is big and bright and the colors are nice. They are not as pale as the Nexus 7 colors but not as saturated as the Galaxy S3. The camera takes decent pictures during day time.Overall, i just don't recommend this phone. It is costing $180 bucks at a Thanksgiving sale on Metro PCS but i really do not recommend it. The Samsung Galaxy S3 is discounted at $400. If you can spare the cash might as well go for it. I just bought it a few days ago and it is like night and day when you compare it to the Esteem.

Pros:- Fast (4G averaged 5Mbps down and up for me)- Large screen- Attractive UI Design, unlike most manufacturer-customized UI's- Quality Camera- Value, considering the fact that there's no contract, and the plan is still $60 for Unlimited everything- Extremely responsive and customizable- With the Unlimited $60 plan, you get Rhapsody Unlimited and TV on Demand, which can be entertainingCons:- Could do with a dual core processor- Metro BloatwareI guess 4G speeds with Metro vary from place to place, but here in NYC the phone + network average 5Mbps for me on a daily basis. I've never had to wait for a video or a song to buffer with Youtube, Rhapsody, Pandora, or MetroSTUDIO. It really is a great phone that can handle most of what you throw at it with no lag. It's extremely responsive. The screen is also awesome for watching movies or playing games on, and it also makes typing easier, which is something that's harder to do on most phones with say a 3.5" screen. It could still use a little more RAM and a dual core processor, but for the value you get with a $60 UNLIMITED 4G data plan, No contract, and the fact that I paid $249.00 for a brand new one without a mail in rebate from another website, nothing else comes close.

I have had the LG Esteem for about a month and it is a pretty good phone for metro service. The battery life is terrible So expect to purchase an additional  battery. I have not yet purchased a 2nd battery and my phone dies within 4 or 5 hours even when I do not use the phone. It is much faster than the previous 3G android metro phone I had before I purchased Esteem but it is slow  compared to verizon. If you have Metro I would suggest this phone. It is probably one of the best for metro. I like the look of the phone. Has a very large screen and I like the front camera. My phone did not come with an SD card but I can still store pic in the internal memory. Another con is the way you activate the screen. There is a small button on the top of the phone that is inconvenient for me to push and this is the only way to light up the screen to unlock screen. Very annoying. Also, unlocking the screen once it turns on sometimes does not wrk . (this might be a defect in MY phone)Overall I am happy with the phone so far and would recommend it for metro users.

I really love this phone. It is the best phone I've owned since I started buying cell phones about 13 years ago.LG is a great company for cell phones. I've owned Samsung and Motorola phones and LG is by far the best for user experience. In fact, I went from a Motorola (my second and last one) to an LG and was stunned at how much easier and more intuitive the phone was to use.Of the brands I've used over the years, LG has always been the one that seems to focus on the user experience more so than the others.Anyway, back to the Esteem.It has, or had until very recently, one of the biggest screen available. It uses Gorilla Glass which is a tough glass to help keep your screen from breaking. I doubt I'll ever get another phone without GG or something equivalent. I've seen lots of other phones with cracked screens.8G of memory. Man that is a lot of memory. There is a slot for an SD Card so you can expand if 8G becomes too small. When I got my phone the firmware version was ZVB. I just upgraded it to ZVD with LG's software.It's an Android so the sky's the limit on what is possible with the phone.It is easy to root if you of a mind to do that. If you do, you can get rid of that stupid 'MyExtras' app that Metro shackled us with. Once rooted the world opens up even further to using custom ROMs (basically it is a customized operating system for the phone) and highly customized kernels (basically the brains of the operating system). As far as I know, rooting voids your warranty.If you look at all the 1 star reviews they are all about the same thing - frequent and random reboots. My phone did that too I was very disappointed. I went to the corporate store where I'd bought the phone a week or two before and they took very good care of me. I had to wait a week or so for a new phone to come in but it was a no cost swap out.I don't know if all the bad phones have been purged from LG's inventory so make sure you ask about that and the return policy if you get a bad phone. You should see the reboot problem very quickly. If the 60 minute talk time applies then make sure you don't exceed it before you know your phone isn't defective. At this point I'd be pretty surprised if that is still an issue though.I can't remember off hand if I'd exceeded the 60 minute thing or not.Either way I'd like to thank the folks at the corporate store that sold me the phone and then got it taken care of later. This office was located on a different street with a different staff. That staff was sadly typical of the rampant crappy customer service that the entire country is plagued with. When the moved the store about a mile away to another location they put in an all new staff. And what a staff! Very friendly and helpful every time I've gone in. That is a stark contrast to the other location's staff.It is still an expensive phone but I'm sure the price will drop when the next premium phone is added to the inventory.There are a couple of apps that will make your experience that much better:WiFi File Explorer PRO- there is a free version too but I have never used it. This app is super simple to use and makes it so easy to add/delete files from your phone. I listen to a lot of podcasts so it is very handy.For the podcasts, I use Mort Music Player from the Android Play market. It is donationware but fully functional. It is a folder music player.I use another Play app called AlarmDroid for an alarm clock. Also free.I use Digital Clock by socialnmobile. I put the phone on the charger and use this clock as my nightstand clock. Love it.JuiceDefender - Battery Saver- Short of rooting the phone and installing a custom kernel  you'll need this app or one like it. Or always have your charger available. Or maybe both depending on your use of the phone.Get Google's Chrome browser and then get the extension 'Chrome To Phone'. Search for 'Chrome To Phone' on Google's Play market. Amazon has an app with exactly the same name but it apparently isn't from Google.I use Chrome To Phone all the time. I make a short list of stuff to get at the store then zap it to the phone's clipboard and paste it into a memo app. Very cool and a whole lot less tedious than trying to type directly into the phone. You could just email yourself stuff from your PC and get it on the phone that way too.Great phone. You'll love it. I sure do.

The Wifi doesn't work as well as other cellphones. In order to use the Wifi I have to stand next to the router in order to get an excellent connection. The manual is very misleading. This particular phone on the manual shows that you could adapt more external memory when in fact, there is no memory slot. This phone turn off every so often and reboots. You can't assign different ringtones to your contacts, just one ringtone for all contacts. battery life is a nightmare. I have to charge this phone about 3 times a day after I did all the settings(stop all programs, turn-off vibrate, brightness turn off,etc.)the battery still drains like a leaky faucet.

It is my second smart phone, the last one was iPhone3, it was not bad but I think this phone is better than iPhone in some ways.I like using phone to take the pictures, if you're same as me, I think this one will be a good choice. It has a HD camera, I can take the clear pictures and use the photo printer to print them. iPhone3's front-facing camera is not clear enough, but I heard iPhone4s has the more clear cameras. I think the cameras in this phone are good enough for me.This cell phone has the Android OS, I think it's better than Apple's OS. I can be free to use this phone. In the Android's market, I can use most apps, but in the Apple apps store, there are some apps I can't use. In another hand, some apps of Apple have the higher price than Android's, it is unfair. I like Android OS.I like this phone but it also has some shortcomings. For example, this phone has the big screen, it is nice when you watch video, but it also uses the power up easily, so I have to charge it everyday, even I have to take it when I go to school. When you choose a smart phone, I think battery is a very important part. Sometimes, it is easy to be hot after I play it, so I always open the back cover.Here is my openion, I like this phone, but when you choose your phone, please be careful, dan't choose a phone that you don't like it.5 stars!!!

I have to tell you I was so excited to get this phone and pay the outrageous price for it that after about a month, I didn't care. 7 or 8 months down the road, I started having issues. The screen wouldn't light up when I hit the power button, swiping the screen was very delayed ... Even when I needed to swipe to answer an incoming call. I thought maybe it was the amount of apps I had on there because well ... I had a lot ... So I deleted over half of them and put  basic background on the phone and it didn't help one bit. I decided to completely restore the phone to factory settings. It helped for about a month, then the problems started all over again.At the 11 month mark, I couldn't get a signal unless I was using wifi. No texting, no internet usage ... Literally I could only call out or someone call me. My phone just would not get a signal. So a little before the year passed, I went to metro and they gave me an all new one because I have protection and still under warranty. With the new one, I kept it simple. I only put the apps on that I absolutely needed so my phone is pretty bare.Right now, I'm on month 7 with my 'new' phone and having a whole new set of problems. The screen wont light up, as it did before. I have to hit the power button several times and swipe just to the get the screen to light up. My phone won't get texts just because it wants to not receive them. It will change my sound settings because it just feels like it. It won't recognize my SD card and therefore the music won't play. The browser will shut itself off because it feels like it. The phone will completely restart itself just because it feels like it ... Even in the middle of a call on a full charge.And this is all coming from a person who has never dropped the phone or banged it around. I figured since I paid so much for it, I should take care of it. It even looks brand new but acts like a piece of trash. I can't wait to get another phone and will be more cautious this time around when purchasing.

Pretty disappointing that it arrived but I could not use it since there was no SIM card and MetroPCS states they are no longer available. The was no mentioned in the description that it did not come without a SIM card. So its pretty useless without a SIM card. Ended up having to purchase a new phone that I really couldn't afford.

Ive had this phone almost a year now and i hate it but feel stuck since it cost so much money. The internet is slow, the 'great' 4g lte is slow and hardly works. The phone freezes up randomly, doesnt receive txt messages at times. Ive downloaded maybe 5 apps and those hardly work. wish i kept my lg optimus since i bought this one to fix the issues i was having with the lg optimus (did the exact same stuff) and this phone acts the same. Not sure if its metro PCs service or both phones are just awful but it causes fights due to me.not receiving messages as to when i need to be places. At least if i kept the lg optimus i would have saved money. Its not like this phone solved any of my problems, even though metro tried telling me.it was the optimus and that phone had a lot of issues, then when i had the same issues and wanted to return this one they said i couldn't....so i wasted my money amd they did not care. They got me a replacement phone which is no better. Its actaully worse in that i cannot type in the word s.i.d.e. Without it freezing up, obviouslt without the periods but since i am using it now i had to put the periods to prevent a freeze up. Complete waste of money.....

not in a rush but it clearly stated that is has fast shipping & it does not ! amazon really need to do better within updating the tracking information. . .
