
It's okay, its hard to text on it. The picture quality is poor. It is compact and light in weight.

I can't really rate this phone. I'm sure this would be a great phone had I been able to use it. I was searching for a CDMA phone. Sellers fail to mention that there are three data types, GSM(at&t), CDMA-V(Verizon), & CDMA-S(Sprint). Not one review or seller I compaired this phone with made a mention to this fact. As we are Sprint-less in my area, the phone is a just a cool looking paperweight.

Did anyone have problems with getting their service activated with net10, because I have been on this phone with these representatives for about an hour now and I still haven't gotten my phone straighten out yet. I just want my phone to get to working so I can break it in

I've had this phone for a week and have had no problems.  It works very well although the internet is quite slow at times which is understandable.  It's easy to use and a great value!

You know how your grandma said "If you can't say something nice about a person, don't say anything at all". Well, thank God this phone isn't a person, because I have nothing but bad things to say about this phone. Let's start off with the super-bad, and go from there.1) This phone only has .20G of memory. That is a period in front of that 20. That means there's 213 MB of free space. Now subtract the Google Play Store (10MB) and the new Google Play Store Services (7MB). Now let's assume that you can't live without Facebook (24MB), or your non-google Email Client (at least 5MB). Oh, and also let's say you don't like your launcher, so you install ADW Launcher (4MB) Suddenly, you're looking at only 163MB of free space. That's 1/15th of a Gigabyte. Most phones, even some of the other phones on Net10 and Virgin have 1, 2, and 4 GBs for roughly the same price.2) Now let's look at the RAM that this phone has. A "whopping" 397MB. Most phones come standard with 512MB. But don't expect to be pushing this phone to the max. Oh no, the phone starts stuttering and freezing at about half that, at 170, 180MB. Now, part of that is due to the proccessor of this phone (which I honestly don't know what kind of processor is in this infernal thing), but if I have almost 400MB of RAM, I expect to be able to use a bit more than half of that.3) I know this is a small caveat in the Android Prepaid world, but this particular phone only comes with Gingerbread 2.3.4. At the time this phone was released, 2.3.6 had already come out, and that release had some major security fixes involved. I'm not asking for ICS right out of the box. I'm just asking Net10 to release major bugfixes. (Also, don't try to update it via LG's version of KIES, because it won't work.)4) There's something faulty about the chipset in this particular phone. I have had Sprint phones before with no problems whatsoever. On this phone, it cannot for the life of itself, keep a steady connection, be that 3G, 1x or no internet, or even any connection at all. This phone is constantly, *constantly* fluctuating. It's infuriating.Let's just say that I'm really glad that I'm getting a new phone soon. You can be sure that after I get my new phone, this one will have a lovely encounter with the sidewalk.Don't buy this phone.

this phone screws up none stop. Some times it doesn't even ring when calls are coming in. Was not worth buying!

I bought this phone for my child - it can only go on the Sprint Network - No service at our house or his school in zip code 37334 - Suppose to work here??? Can't transfer it to another network because it will not take a SIM card - Be careful what you buy...

i was unable to change out phones due to no sim card; wasnt able to activate it without. it was okay nothing to brag about. neutral phone

I love my new Lg Optimus net 10 phone. Takes clear, quality pictures and plenty of extras to do. Buy one today.

this lg doesnot  work in moultrie GA so i have minutes on it but have no service so  my son christmas present does not work now i have a phone that he cant use

This phone is pretty good!! Not to big down loads fast good for new beginers. The only compaint battery life wish it would give more life. But happy with it!!!

I got this for my daughter last year it was her first phone, it can only hold like 2 apps and 5 photos and now it won't even charge

Phone still works great. At the time I bought it for $50. This phone works better, has better ram, video playback, connectibility, pretty much everything than all of my family members phones. They all bought their phones straight from the providers for $200 and more. I paid way less and have a way better phone. Its hilarious especially since my mother in laws is a iPhone!!

So finally into the modern world with a smart phone. Overall great phone, with one drawback out of the box. Depending on what apps you use, etc, the battery drains like crazy. Out of the box, you have to keep a charger nearby. Consider getting an extended battery for the phone.

If you have never played with an Android phone , the things you will find out that they can do is amazing. If you have an high speed internet connection- you have a computer in your hand- for e-mail, and movie streaming - all the web for free - everything your heart desires . The internet your paying for will Wi-Fi  this phone all that . I didn't even activate this darling  for months. I use a free Obama phone for calls and messaging ,The Android for everything else and pay nothing but the internet bill. Saving a lot of money and still look up to date and more than cool - cause I have two phones - both for free use. Would buy again in a heartbeat !

This phone is smaller than I expected and does not perform in the manner I thought it would.  It drops calls on a regular basis and is slow in web operations.

Ordered this phone with amazon to transfer my old net10 number to this new phone.Got it today - was surprised to know that it can be only transfered if i choose 50$/month service only.Nice, could this be written somewhere here before selling me this??Call to customer service - 25 minutes waiting and then disconnected, second call - 15 minutes and the same - perfect service ))Net10 - bye, i will transfer my number to any other company!Do not deal with this ""service""

Good phone for the price and it's among the best prepaid deals out there right now.  The only real complaint I have is that you can't zoom when recording video.  But to have unlimited talk, text and web plus the Android OS for $50 a month (or less if you sign up for automatic monthly payments), I really can't complain.Regarding the other reviewer who called this phone crappy and only gave it one star, I don't understand why hers doesn't work, because my boyfriend and I each got one of these phones and we love it.  I recommend this phone to anyone who wants a smart phone without a contract.EDITED after I had this phone for 11 months (1/13/2013):  this has been a great starter smartphone for me.  I love it and now that I've had it for a while, I decided two things I will get with my next phone:  a front-facing camera and a phone with more internal storage.  This one doesn't have a lot of internal storage space but again, it's a great little starter phone, and I use my SD card to store most of my apps.I will also make sure my next phone has a newer version of Android as this one only runs Gingerbread and I don't know if it's due to the OS or the phone itself, but I can't install Adobe Flash Player on this phone, which limits some of the things I can do (although it really doesn't impact my daily life).  Some newer games aren't compatible with the phone, such as Bad Piggies, but I can play all the Angry Birds games so I'm okay with that.I went from using a flip phone that only made calls and texted to this first smartphone for me and it has been an enjoyable experience.  I only pay $45 a month (plus tax) since I signed up for the auto-pay on my monthly bill and I've been really happy with this little phone.  I've been looking at other prepaid phones and even almost a year later, this one is hard to beat for the price.  If you want a bigger, better, phone you are going to pay more money to get it and I didn't want to pay more for my first smartphone.If I had to do it all again knowing what I know now about this phone, I would definitely buy it again.  My husband and I are both happy with these phones.

I'm kicking myself that I bought this phone when it first came out and paid $130, when it is now $59.99. Aside from that, this phone is the best Net10 has right now I'd say. No additional smartphone fees like there were when I had AT&T. However, within about a month of having it, the battery life greatly decreases. The phone requires a charge every day, which I find annoying. It crashes a lot when I'm sending or receiving a text message. Sometimes it even shuts down and starts back up. But, I can put all my music on it, thanks to the micro SD card capability. It comes with a 4gb card, but you can get up to 64gb I believe. Good phone for someone who wants to be advanced but can't afford the iPhone.

Well i cant go into major details just yet. So far the phone works as expected but till it actives completely i cant say more.

Love the apps for this phone and the features. However their tends to be glithes with the phone and Net 10 prepaid does not work well for someone who travel outside their home state. Please keep in mind especially if you travel a lot.

The phone arrived before expected, which was great. I decided to turn it on and transfer my contacts before activating the phone itself. However, right off the bat I noticed that when typing, theback space key didn't function. After that, I came to notice that the sd card (which is stated to be included with the phone) was missing. I checked the box and all surrounding materials, just to be sure it hadn't fallen out. No card. I continued on with it, to find that the camera button on the side of the phone, as well as the home key, on the front key pad didn't function at all. While the phone appeared to be in new condition - being free of visable marks, scratches, wear...I am returning this item due to defects and will perhaps order another, maybe a different model or from a different seller. I think perhaps I would have liked this phone, if all features had been included and worked as promised.UPDATE : I am pleased to say that the seller was prompt to resolve the issue with me with no problem at all. Very very pleased with their customer service...and for that reason, I will buy from them again. I don't believe in begrudging the seller over a one time faulty product.

It is a good Android Phone for the money. Runs smoothly and it works vey decent as expected. The only cons would be: Its a little heavy and battery does not support to much abuse. Other than that it is great. Net 10 gives a very nice service for $50 a month, good signal and steady download speeds.

I got this phone for 60 bucks on sale, it was very worth it. Functions pretty well but has a very bad battery life span. Wifi and having no service kill the battery fast. (I live in a town with a lot of trees, kind of in a dead zone spot) but in the town over it works wonderfully with service.It doesnt allow you to use the memory card to put on apps, so you get this tiny pre-determined amount of data for apps, which is annoying.This is the price of not having to contract and pay 300 for a phone? I'm fine with that.

I ordered this phone for my husband to upgrade from his old one. It's very nice. I did make sure the model would work in our service area through the Net 10 website first. Will definitely look into ordering my upgrade from Amazon when the time comes.

NET10 LG Optimus Net No-Contract Touchscreen Prepaid Cell Phone with One Month of Serv...This Phone was ordered, & recieved Mid September (2012), Now I know Android phones have a reputation for needing regular charging, however, small price to pay for what looked & sounded a good phone .. This particular phone though, as the days went by, needed charging on more than a regular basis, and the time & use between each charge was getting shorter & shorter, Until the Phone would NO longer charge. In less than 2 months, the phone had become Useless, & I had to purchase another phone !!And the company 'selling' the phone didn't want to know, and effectively 'washed' it's hands of accepting what a useless Item I had been sold. So beware, any 'guarantees' you get with the Item are probably as useless as the Phone itself ..

So if you're thinking of purchasing a phone through Net10, you might want to read the posts here and rethink your decision. Last week, I placed an order for the LG Optimus phone, which the customer service said would work in my area. I recently moved to another state and need to keep in touch with my parents, so a WORKING phone is important! The day I got my phone in the mail I activated it. In order to active it, though, you have to pay for the airtime. The phone I got requires the $50 unlimited plan, so I forked out the money to get it activated that night. I ended up calling Net10 in the morning because I was getting NO RECEPTION for my phone. The customer service representative was awful. She asked me the same question over and over again. "Do you live in areas with trees?" "So...when is your phone dropping calls?" It was as though she didn't even know the product or the service they were offering. After answering these questions repeatedly the line would go quiet for 5 minutes. She'd come back and say "Give me a moment while I help you." She ended up telling me that there was an outage in the WHOLE state of Missouri (I asked for clarification, because it's weird that it encompasses the entire state and not just my area) and it would be resolved in 48 hours. I called back after allowing time for the "outage" to be fixed. I asked to speak to a manager this time because it was my second time calling customer service and not having anything resolved. I was very polite with the manager, up until she started acting like I was obnoxious. I explained to her that my phone wasn't working. Could barely HEAR her because she was talking quietly. My phone volume was all the way up (was using an alternate phone to call). She told me, again, that there was an outage in my area and that it would be fixed within 48 hours. I explained that the phone doesn't work and that the previous associate told me it came from Sprint. I'd actually called Sprint itself and they said their towers were experiencing NO issues in my area. I asked the manager if they could refund me for the $50 I cannot use because the phone doesn't work. She said, "Our company does not do that." I asked her if she would be willing to make a one time exception and she said no. So just to let people know, Net10 is having you pay for service they will not deliver. Their customer service is horrendous and I am fed up. Will be moving to US Cellular. If you want terrible service, money stolen from you for un-serviceable phones, then choose Net10. If not, you're better spending your money elsewhere. This company is HORRIBLE!

This was the best investment I've made as far as cell phones and the service great! Merry Xmas to me

This phone has every feature you could want. Easy to use and the apps are endless. Picks up service almost everywhere.

no, I could not turn the team since conpa&ntilde;ias Venezuelan telephone lines are not activating CDMA equipment purchased abroad ...

I really like being able to download apps and ring tones I love being able to check my e-mail too

It was not mentioned that it wouldn't work in any area not covered by Sprint.  That is not where I live.  However when I am out 15 miles or more away from home I have a better chance of connecting. I had no idea that Android phones were so limited.  I never found anything written that warned me of that possibility.  I love the fact that you can get all kinds of apps for the phone but not so crazy about the fact the phone doesn't work off all towers only sprint towers. I have dropped the phone 3 times already including once on concrete but it still works the same way nothing broken yet.  If we could get it to work on all towers it would really make life a lot simpler.

So im looking on this site for reviews on this phone, but I keep hearing bad views of Net10 not the phone. So far, Ive been able to do everything with my Lg 800g net10 phone. I want to know how the phone is. I know how net10 is. I want to buy this phone, but need real insight about the phone.

my son paid $179 for this very same phone directly through Net10.  I am thrilled with the large savings of money and the phone itself.  My first smartphone, so not sure how it is compared to others, but I'm thrilled with the ease of use and the quality of net10 smartphone service (especially the auto-refill which gives you an unbeatable price compared to others for unlimited everything).  The battery runs out quickly - which from my review of smartphones thus far seems to be the norm.  Highly recommend!

phone if great,but the service sucks on a smart phone with a pay as u go planalmost always searching for service.

Good Phone, only drawback is battery drains up quickly....I wish there was a longer life to sustain 12 hours...it drains in 4-6 hours if phone used for calls and internet mails. It looses the power in 1 hour if used for video.

I bought this product to be in contact with my husband when I went to take care of his father.  The phone wouldn't work at all below the Ozarks of Missouri.  The battery/phone overheated when I had it plugged into my cigerette lighter to recharge while driving home.  It overheats easily now anytime it is left on for too long.I don't think I will buy anymore time for it, as it is a waste of money.

It's good for people who don't want to spend much on a smart phone. It plays mostly all apps and it's just good all around. I have had problems with it restarting and all but other than that it's good. Net10 is also a really good phone company, with really good customer service. Paying $50 for unlimited each month is a good deal also. :D

I've had a Net10 account for a couple of years using an inexpensive Blackberry clone. I bought this device during one of the holiday 'doorbuster' sales for about $30, so I figured the worst that could happen is that it would suck and I'd just dump it and go back to the old one. But I've been pleasantly surprised. The call quality is good and the 3G service is decent. I've read some complaints about its 800 mhz processor, but I haven't noticed any major problems with its overall speed. Negatives: It only comes with 4 gb of external memory, so you'll need to buy more if you plan to download additional apps. It's a serious power-gobbler. Whatever claim LG makes about standby time is nonsense. Even after eliminating unneeded background programs, I'm having to power it up once or twice per day (and I'm not the kind who's on it all day long). It also feels a little flimsy and fragile, so I bought a case for it right away. Note: I have phone service with Net10, and it's pretty good. But I had a problem when I switched my number from the old phone. I have unlimited talk/text/web service for $50 that I bill monthly to a credit card. When I did the switch, everything worked fine for a few days. Then on the day my account was due to be rebilled, Net10 cancelled it for some reason without notifying me, leaving me with no service. After a 30-minute wait to speak to their customer service department, they reconnected me. Keep this in mind if you're in the same situation with Net10. All in all, I'd recommend this to anyone looking for an inexpensive smartphone.

net10 is seriously awful.  I tried to port my # to this phone from my old net10 phone and it took a total of 4 days.  In that time I couldn't use my old phone because it ran out of minutes and when I tried to add it kept saying that the phone was inactive.  So 4 days of my phone # being completely out of service.  Now that the number finally got ported my optimus net has frozen and I can't do a single thing.  What an awful experience.  I'm still screwed with no phone and can't bear to call net10 again.  I'd rather pull my fingernails out with a pair of pliers than deal with them again.

I have been sadly disappointed in the product I purchased. The LG Optimus Android Prepaid Phone (Net 10) is the worse phone I have ever had. I am about to throw it against the wall. I have had to deactivate all the features on it, just so it won't  drain out the battery. Right now I'm just hoping that after charging it for the 3rd time today, I will be able to make a decent phone call without it going crazy on me.  And that's another thing, it drops my phone calls constantly. I would not recommend this phone to my worse enemy. My old phone served me better. It was a net 10, older model, not an android, but it was better than this android nightmare.[[ASIN:B006ZD2R7A LG Optimus Net Android Prepaid Phone (Net10)

This cell met my expectations and more. it is a good quality cell and it is well worth it! Thank You LG Optimus! Great Job!!

We are very happy with our phones. They are much quicker than most pre-paid phones. Its very easy to use.

Well how can I put this...I purchased this phone, I even purchased the black plastis cover. The only reason I had to return it was cause there was no signal in my area. NO COVERAGE!!! You believe that. But otherwise the coverage problem, I think I would have loved this phone:-(

This is my first smartphone and I love it! It took me a day or two to figure everything out and now I'm having a blast with it. I've had it for a little over a month and never had a problem with dropped calls or not getting service. Everything is super fast. I've been with Net 10 for over 10 years now and never had a problem with them although I never had to deal with customer service because I just do everything online.

This is the second Net 10 smart phone that I have purchased, and just like the first one, I can't keep a signal. Beware that Net 10 Smart phones don't have the technology to pick up a signal like the non smart phones that they sell.  This is what I was informed when I called in to customer service.  This is very annoying and inconvenient.  My husband does not have a smart phone, and he keeeps a full signal most of the time, my smart phone is constantly "searching for service."

I love it! This phone came in TWO days! I got regular 3-5 day shipping and it was on my door one day after my birthday when I expected the weekend after! I love it! The only problem for other people might be, you can only activate with a $50 phone card. But that's no problem for me, I get that anyway. I really recomend this!

I have had net 10 for several years, tried many other companies, but we travel alot & coverage is a must.  Net 10 seems to have coverage where others do not.  i have never had trouble switching phones or phone numbers.  However, their customer svc is the worst I have ever encountered, not only do many of them not speak English, they use it to their advantage.  FOr the most part I love net 10 b/c they dont have contracts & now seem to keep phones of all styles & capabilities.  I just pray I dont have to use their cust svc they do put U on hold for painfully long times, I usually end up losing my temper after I hang up or jst shortly b/f, b/c of their ignorance.  BUt I guess it is their job to burn up as many minutes as they can if u have the unlimited plan.  IF u do, unless u direly need them u wont hold.  THat being said I once was going to be given 30 min credit for my complaining (this was b/f I puchased unlimited obviously) & I held for 20 min & she was still working on credit & saying ever 5 min or so 'one moment'  finally I hung up as it would have taking me 30 min to hold for my 30 min credit. So 4* to be fair all the way around, customer svc gets -10*

i already have this phone i ordered another for a friend.  great product for price works just as well if not better than the $300 phones.

I bought this for my daughter who is high school.  She loves it and its better than paying for a contract phone.

thie cell is great when it works i am getting readt to get my 3 rd one in 5 months having screen issues will work fine then all of a sudden cant unlock net10 is replacing but had no phone for 2weeks while waiting for them to send packing slip to send phone to them then for them to send replacment. first time my phone was less then 2 months old they send a refurbished replacement which is supposed to be as good as a new one. well if it was wpuldn't be sending it back because of the same exact issue

After 2 months of use,all of a sudden this phone froze on me and will keep freezing during calling or after the call is over,it will freeze again.Only way to bring it back is to remove the battery and putting back.I called Amazon and they asked me to call LG who directed me twice to talk to right  person,and all she said is i have to call the carrier in order to get my problems solved for all warrenties and LG has nothing to do with warrenties.I called the carrier NET10(prepaid phone carrier) and the voice mail said they are very busy and call on a later time.

If you're looking to buy your first smart phone, this is a great choice. For the price you can't go wrong. For most tasks it works great and I haven't had any problem with the basics. Do note that if you want to run the latest apps, some won't work. But most will. This phone runs Android 2.3 &#34;Gingerbread&#34; and may be considered to be a bit dated compared to the newest Android versions, but for a first time smartphone user this isn't a big deal. It runs well and doesn't seem slow to me. Browses the net, plays online videos and streaming music, plays MP3s, whatever you need. It also recognizes voice commands and you can talk instead of typing and have it convert your speech to text. There really isn't much that this phone can't do.My only complaint is that if you like to play with it a lot, keep the charger handy.  Internet browsing and streaming media will sap the battery life quickly. I like to play Pandora in my car and games on it at work, and as a result I have to charge it every night. I haven't found an extended battery available for it either. Fortunately the charge port is a standard style USB type plug, so you can easily find charging cables and charge it from a computer, a car's USB port, and so on.

I hope my experience is not typical, but I felt I should share. Decent phone and to be fair, my wife has been with Net 10 for awhile and with no problems. But be prepared if you ever have to call customer service, it is lousy. The reps have been courteous, but their technical understanding is limited and their answer to everything (after an hour on the phone) is to send you a new phone or sim card. This is the following letter I sent, take it with a grain of salt as this may not be the typical experience, but for me it has been a nightmare! I have never dealt with such a high level of incompetence from a large company. I am sharing the letter I sent them as a way to offer a review of the customer service you can expect should you ever have an issue with your phone.To Whom It May Concern:I am writing this letter to let you know how highly disappointed I have been with the service I have received from Net 10 in the last 45 days after starting out initially with no problems.  The level of difficulties I have had recently with just getting basic service has grown to ridiculous proportions.  I have never experienced anything like it and am to a point I am about ready to discontinue my service and make sure everyone I know hears about the lousy service I have received.  I believe after detailing my experience below any consumer would rightfully understand my level of frustration with your company right now.My wife has had her phone service with Net 10 for several months now without problem.  Several months ago she convinced me to switch my service from AT&T; and bought me one of your phones.  The price was good and it cut my phone bill in half and so I was pleased to give it a try.  I was even able to bring over the phone # which I have had for the past 5 years or more with AT&T.;I activated my phone with you under the $25 a month recurring plan for 750 minutes. I had no problems keeping my old phone#, it was ported over from AT&T; without incident. Every month Net 10 charged the credit card I provided and my service continued uninterrupted.  Everything worked fine for the first few months, my service was great, you automatically charged my card, and my service continued with no problems.In October when Daylight Savings Time ended, for some reason my phone's time did not update with the change.  My wife has the exact same phone and service with Net 10, and her phone's time updated.  Mine did not.  I turned the phone off, took out the battery and reset it several times to no avail.  Still the time did not update. I waited for about a week and continued to try to reset it and nothing.This is where everything went downhill.  Because I feel that the moment I contacted your customer service, instead of the issue being fixed it was made worse by the customer service reps who do not seem to understand how to fix the issues that come up.  I thought that maybe all that would need to be done is they could send a signal to the phone or something to make the phone update the time.  However, after spending roughly 1 hour on the phone I was finally told that I would have to be sent a new phone.Fine, I thought, it was no charge to me to send a new phone, I was even told I could still keep my phone # (remember, I had this # for the last 5 years or more and a lot of people I have given this # to know this as the only way to contact me).When my new phone arrived I followed the instructions to activate it.  I went to your website to activate the new phone.  When I did so, I was given a new phone # !!!!!  I did not want a new phone #, I wanted to keep my old # and had been told I could keep my old #.  And since I was able to bring that old # over from AT&T; with no issues, I did not understand why I would not be able to just transfer the same # from one Net 10 phone to another Net 10 phone.  Does it not stand to reason that if you can bring the # from one carrier to another, then transferring the # within the same carrier should be just as easy???I called to find out why my phone # did not transfer to the new Net 10 phone and spent an hour on the phone while the representative tried all sorts of things but didn't seem to have any answer or even didn't really seem to have an understanding of what I was asking to do.  She did some things on her computer and then told me it should be working finally, to turn off my phone and turn it back on right away and it should have my old phone # on it.  I did what she said, but nothing.  Still had the new # that I did not want.  She advised it could take 30 minutes, to wait and check then.  So I hung up and waited an hour.  Still nothing.  The phone still had the new #.So I made another call to your customer service and wasted another 2 hours of my life being transferred from one representative to the next when what one would try wasn't working.  This happened three times before I finally told the third representative that all she was trying to do was the exact same thing that didn't work that the previous 2 tried to do.  All I wanted to do was find out how to resolve being given a new phone# when I was told and supposedly the phone that was sent out to me was supposed to keep the same #, it was just supposed to be transferred to the new phone.Nobody seemed to have an answer and would give me some code to enter into my phone and tell me to turn the phone off and turn it back on.  Nothing worked.  Finally I was transferred to a "supervisor" who told that my old phone # belonged to AT&T; and that the number had "expired" and I could no longer keep that number ????  This made no sense as I had been able to port that number initially from AT&T; when I switched my service to you and it was only as a result of having to be sent a replacement phone that my problems with trying to keep that phone # began.What I really suspect is that one of the customer service representatives may have not done something correctly in the course of trying to assist me ( this is actually a recurring theme every time I have called customer service in which in trying to resolve issues I feel that they are made worse!!)I finally accepted that if I had to have a new # then fine, I would just have to update all of my accounts, acquaintances, etc with my new phone #.  An inconvenience, but I could manage.However, in the course of trying to wrap up the call, another issues arose with them trying to just activate the replacement phone and I was advised that I would have to be sent a new sim card for the phone.When I received the new sim card I called to activate that and attach it and at this point I was once again given a new phone # !!!!!  I have now had my phone # changed twice from what it was originally!!!  I won't go on with all the details of that call, but once again it was at least an hour while the rep fiddled around with things.However, I made it very clear in activating everything that I was on the monthly $25 plan for 750 minutes with recurring billing and I wanted to remain on that plan.That was a month ago.What has prompted me to write this letter is that at this point I feel that customer service issues are the norm with your company as it has happened once again and I am losing confidence that anyone there knows what is going on or how to resolve issues.My phone service should have continued uninterrupted as I was on the MONTHLY RECURRING $25 FOR 750 MINUTE PLAN that automatically charges my card each month ( and yes, there was more than enough money in my account to cover the charge ).Well...... I try to call home on my way home from work and am told my service is discontinued and I need to call customer service to purchase more airtime ?!?!?  Once I arrived home I immediately got on the phone to customer service ( and once again spent an hour and a half ).I do not believe that the rep understood what I was trying to explain.  All I wanted to do was have my service reactivated on the same $25 for 750 minutes monthly plan that I was on.  Well, she fiddled around on the computer and couldn't seem to get anywhere and kept telling me that my phone was deactivated and I would have to reactivate it first.  So I said ok let's do that.  Then she said I would have to buy an airtime card in order to reactivate it.  I don't buy airtime cards, I am on the monthly plan.  I did not have to buy an airtime card the very first time I got a phone with Net 10 so none of this was making sense ( actually everything I have ever been told by your customer service people does not make sense ).  The rep advised that for whatever reason she could not just reactivate my phone on the monthly plan, I had to first buy an airtime card, and then once that was done she could reactivate the phone and then I would be able to enroll in the monthly plan after that if I so wished.So I finally agreed and just said I'll do the $15 for 200 minutes airtime card and gave her the card # I have on file with you.  The charge went through ( I verified it on my bank account you charged me $16.39 ), and it was approved.However, there was some problem ( gee, at this point that is no longer a surprise, of course there was a problem!!! ) and she was unable to reactivate my phone!!  She had to transfer me to a supervisor ( by the way, she was a supervisor that I had been transferred to previously ).This new supervisor fiddled around on his computer before finally telling me he was going to have to send me a new sim card ( is this your answer to every issue, we'll just send you a new sim card and cross our fingers that you won't be calling us back at least for 30 days ?? ).  I was told that I would have to once again get a new phone #.... apparently if I wanted to keep the phone # that I now had the warehouse was going to have to match the phone # to the sim card and this and that, and the fact that the simplest of tasks have been messed up constantly by Net 10 I did not want to complicate matters anymore and said fine, just give me a new phone # once AGAIN, and let's keep this simple.In the meantime, while I wait for this new sim card to come out, I am without phone service!!!  My children, my wife have no way of getting ahold of me and I have no way of calling.  This is a huge inconvenience.What is more, after my experience of the last 45 days with Net 10 and the mind boggling ways in which you have been able to completely screw up my service, I have very little confidence that this latest fix is going to resolve anything.  I'm sure my phone will work for 30 days but when it comes time to renew my MONTHLY $25 FOR 750 MINUTE PLAN ( not airtime cards, your monthly plan ), that I will probably go through the same problem once again.I am giving Net 10 one more chance to resolve this and make it right.  At this point I am regretting having switched my service from AT&T; and realize that I guess you get what you pay for and I shouldn't have expected much.  I really did not expect a whole lot, but would have been perfectly happy just having a phone that worked and a plan that worked the way that it was supposed to.I know once I receive my sim card I am going to have to call to activate my phone, and to be honest I am dreading that as it seems every time I have called, someone has found a way to mess my service up.I'm sure I am not the only one experiencing these issues and I would hope that you take serious consideration into the quality and training of your support personnel. Their demeanor has been very courteous and I have nothing against them, but in my several interactions with trying to resolve my issues I get the impression that they are probably trained and able to handle the most basic and routine tasks, but that you do not have a system in place to handle more complex issues that are out of their realm, and by them trying to tackle those issues, they make matters worse.

Phone is great but the poor thing is low on C.P.U power but that's ok the price was worth it.

I loose my signal and the phone will drop a call when this happens and if I am trying to use the internet I have to turn my phone off and back on.

I got one from NET10 and it was $99 at the time and worth it but I couldn't get service in this area because it only works in AT&T area and not T-Mobile. It may be different elsewhere but be careful. You also need to know you can only use Unlimited plan for $50 a month. Another thing I didn't like was there is no sim card to get another carrier so your stuck with a crap phone that can only be used as a tablet(very small tablet). At least it has Wi-Fi to play on at home.

It costs a lot monthly and it is not like other Verizon phones. I wish I didn't buy it! You can use other phone plane. You are stuck after buying it.

I have purchased this phone and activated however you can not receive any text message or send any text messages to any other mobile carrier unless it is a tracfone. I personally would never recommend this piece of crap to anyone who wants to text. I will never ever ever use Net 10 again they suck. Now this is how I really feel you are wasting your money if you buy this phone through Net 10.

The LG phone has some great features, the camera is good except at night.  The net10 service is barely decent.  The first phone I had kept overheating and loosing battery life. I called the vendor and they replaced it no questions asked.  I like the phone and it is a good starter for an android user, however it is very limited.

The price was less than half the instore price for this phone and it is the exact same one. The phone works great and is well made.

I returned it because of the fact that it does not use the $25/mo. plan, but only uses the $50/month plan.  It might have been a good phone...probaly 'never' will I know.

The phone is worth having and you can have a blast with this phone but the battery life is no good.

awesome  love it eazy to use love listing to music on it nice and loud and clear youtube videos wow

I love this phone! It is a great phone at super price. As for the user who gave it one star. I can text all different networks. I have family and friends who use Verizon, boost mobile, straight talk, and net 10. So i'm not sure what there issue was. But I do recommend this phone to anyone!

really good phone,and cant beat the price at all,screw the iphone or galaxy,this does the same exact thing without having to pay for a brand name

This phone was a problem from the start, Touching the screen is so unpredictable, you never know what letter will appear. The wasted time in correcting the many errors that the poor quality touch screen cased drives me nuts. At times it is counter-intuitive and I am tempted to throw the phone out the window....!!!! The speaker doesn't work and the same swiping acting results in different and opposite results constantly.  Now I know why it was so cheap!

Works good but sometimes it shut off on me it hold alot its a good phone so ev1 should get one

I absolutely love this phone I waited to get this phone. there is nothing that I don't like about this phone.

i had this phone for a year now i love it its not a iphone but it does just as much im very satisfied.

Bought this phone as a gift for my son.  Entered zip code, etc.  When the phone arrived it would not work in my area.  I also bought a $50.00 card.  After accepting the card & halfway activating the phone, we were informed there was nothing to do but return the phone & offered no option to refund our $50.00.  NET10 has no concept of customer service!

this is a great phone, i love it. to me it is the perfect phone, i can do a lot on it. thanks

The phone is great, however I have found that the battery life is VERY short.  I have to charge it 2-3 times a day just to use it.

I've been using the LG for about a month and it's great.  It does everything the more expensive phones do and the built in Wi-Fi is really convenient for emails. The only thing you might want to change is the HD card that comes with the phone.  It's only 4GB and once you start loading apps you'll want more storage.  This phone is Fantastic.

I really like my phone, it was a great price. tThe only issue I have with it is that it keeps dialing numbers when it is sitting on the table, it is locked but I dont know if anyone else has had this issue or if it is just my phone being crazy.

The phone is wonderful, but I think i upgraded too late! Everyone is upgrading to galaxy 2 phones now but me!

I LOVE THIS PHONE! I did own the new galaxy S from verizon and i thought that I was getting a great deal but I was so wrong. This phone has EVERYTHING that any other smartphone has, it is very fast, like 2 seconds after clicking a youtube video it is already playing the video with no lag, and I only have 1 bar of service at my house cuz I live next to the river! when I leave my house I get full service though so it's not an issue with the phone just where i live. with verizon I couldnt get service in my house so this phone is so amazing. it has the full android market and can download any app from it. it comes with swype on the keyboard &#60;3 comes with all the live wallpapers that most smartphones come with and even comes with several very nice regular wallpapers. the camera is a 3.2 mp which isnt as good as the ones on the new smart phones because most of them are 5.0 mp but it still takes amazing photos unless you are in the dark then it sucks because it doesnt have a flash. but other than that, the no flash is the only negative thing about this phone. everything else is great. the 3.5 in touch screen is extremely fast and very responsive with no lag. AND the best part about all of this is I only pay $50 a month for unlimited text, talk, web, data, etc. with verizon I was paying over $100. I could not have asked for a better phone and I am sooo glad that I bought it.  BUT before you buy this off amazon call net10 and make sure this model of phone id available for the area you live in because when I tried to activate mine it asks you to enter your zip code and mine wasnt covered in my hometown so I had to keep entering in different zip codes and finally I entered one of a city close by and it worked but be careful doing that because you might not get good service. But I have great service and this phone is great!

When I got this phone , I sooned opened it and found out it said a activation card came with it and a 4gb pic card .It didnt come with a card (being $30 less on amazon)  but allready had a pic card that was new, allready in the phone.Phone works great and has a good 3G signal.

This phone is really cool. This is the best phone from net10 I think yet. This phone to be completly honest ONLY takes the $50 unlimited net10 card...not the other airtime minute cards except the $65 International card. This phone has a GPS navigation, Android market to download apps that has over 250,000 apps, five home screens, download music, wifi conectivity, and more. However,this phone does not have a front facing camera, it has a 3.5 megapixel back camera along with video recorder. This phone comes preloaded with youtube aswell. The screen sensitivity is really good compared to the older net10 models. The phoene is made from LG and services of Net10. It has different locks (pattern lock, password, or just the plain android unlocking screen.) Supports live wallpapers and regular walpapers. Unlimites entrys for the phonebook. Uses of email/Gmail. Internet capability. Has built in video search for google and the phone. Has a scroll up and down screen for the menu. This phone does not comewith a built in slinding keyboard, but has a keyboard that supports android keybored, swipe, and others. This phone does not exactly have the best battery power but in a slip found in the net10 phone box when you get it, carries a paper that tells you keys to your phone which includes a key on how to maintain your battery power. This phone has sync power. The charger comes with a USB and a wall connecter.Now I will talk about the Net10 service... The service is not the best I have to say. It takes a while to get on the phone with a representative and sometimes the representatives do not speak very good english. The plus side is that they do get the problem fixed with whatever your problem is. The phone comes with a one year warrenty I believe from Net10.The phone uses an unlimited airtime card as I said earlier. The cards are found in most stores like Acme, Walmart, Bestbuy, Target... usually any store that sells giftcards or prepaid cards. The card is around $50 for unllimited talk, text, internet, 411, data, and more for one month. There is also an international card for $65 witch includes unllimited internation talk, text, internet, 411, data, and more for one month. To put the airtime into your phone when activating, call net10 (1-877-836-2368)and start activating your phone... during activation, the voice will ask you for the card (if you do not have the card when activating, your phone will not activate until the airime card is put in so after buying the card you will need to recall net10 and try activating it agin with the card. However, if you already have the phone and need to add the airtime card either go on the net10 website and click "add airtime", or call net10 and follow the instructions to adding the card to your phoen.Overall, the phone is a really great phone and a really great phone if your looking to buy an unlimited android smartphone plan for chaep and not have to worry about hidden fees or late fees.

Generally like the phone and the service is good. The unlimited $50 per month price is excellent. My only complaint would be the amount of data or apps the phone canhold. I continually get messages on the phone saying that I must create more space to use certain programs.

I chose this rating because I am very pleased with the phone.  At first I had some trouble getting data services, etc., but I called tech support twice and got it straightened out.  So far, so good! I would recommend this phone to family and friends.  Mostly because, my family and friends can't afford IPhone 5, and this one is just as good in my eyes.

I love this fone a lot...I cnt seem to find.a fone case tht actually fits well.Can anybody help plzz

Originally got 1 for virgin mobile & loved it but Virgins service really sucks. Switched to net10 & much better! Optimus is really cool & easy to use.

This was my very first Android phone, and I absolutely loved it! Of course after I upgraded to a newer and better phone, I realized all of the potential it was lacking as an android phone. Nonetheless it worked perfectly and eased me in to the Smartphone craze.

This phone is great!! It has man apps you can download and enjoy your device. Forget a Iphone!! This phone work just as great..lol or good enough for me..lol

I am Canadian and as such, I have had 3 pay as you go Net. 10 phones. This time if possible I wanted an android phone. After much research I settled on the one listed. InIn the advertising it say, 'prepaid'. How was I to know that it meant a commitment of $50 per month, but worse than the $ amount, I was told that I would not be able to place calls to Canada with the phone. I still have it here as the package was opened by my husband and he wasn't aware of the limitations. I have since ordered a Tracfone and I am very happy with it!

The phone is fine, it is a smart phone, it has a camera, it accesses the internet, it has the play store, but DO NOT think that it is like the one your brother has or that guy you work with that can catch the game or watch netflix on the train to work!!!NET10 services Throttles you and specifically tells you that you CANNOT use apps like youtube, or netflix or pandora, so the unlimited data really means you can check the weather as much as you would like but if you think you are going to play online games or watch the big game on break, you are Wrong!! So as far as the phone goes, it makes calls. but whose doesn't anymoreHere is an actual quote from Net10's customer service forum.Sophie1 wrote:My name is NET10 Sophie. Please don't use streaming activity type apps such as YouTube, Pandora, Skype, Netflix, etc without connecting the phone to Wifi. If you use 3G for those types of activities or you share your phone's 3G with another device (hotspot or tethering) then you your account may be throttled or if abuse continues your phone will be permanently deactivated.

Id say this is a pretty typical phone. I don't know if it's me or I just have bad luck with phones. It's occasionally shuts off all by itself. I've had to pull the battery out numerous times as it will freeze up. A few times I've not had reception when I'm with somebody with the same net 10 company- will have reception. And there's not a place for draft Texts. But all in all it performs as good as any other phone I've had for the price.

It's a nice phone once you figure out what it can do. THe only ONLY down fall I have with this particular phone through net10 is that it runs off of Sprint towers, NOT Verizon so my cell reception is less and unavailable where I used to get full strength with my other phone. Check your Sprint Tower coverage on the Net10 Website. Because of this, I will be going back to my old phone until this is available on the verizon towers through net10. Service coverage means more to me than technology. I wish I had known this prior but so many reviews were contradicting. After doing research early today, ALL of Net10/Straight talk/Trac Phone Smart phones run off of Sprint towers with the exception of the Galaxy.

This phone doesn't work in all areas! We spent forever figuring this out, there was nothing we could do about it either. CALL YOUR NET10 AND ASK IF IT WORKS IN YOUR AREA!

I needed to got a mobile for my personal use. So i was searching for prepaid phones and at last i saw this phone in amazon just for $70 having net10. We went to net10 site ans saw that there are more prepaid options and i like that $30 for 60 days, 300 min. It was very suitable for me. But when the phone arrived we saw that it was necessary to put $50 unlimited plan for activating the mobile. We thought that is for only first time to activate. Also that plan was good 3g was working great. But i dont need 3g. So for the next month we thought to put that $30 but it was not allowed. Only $50 or 65 unlimited plan is allowed. we were totally disappointed. They should have mentioned it in the summary of the mobile. Also it is CDMA mobile. They didnt mention about this in any summary mentioned online for the mobile.Also the mobile is very slow while playing game like Angry Birds. If you start playing Angry Birds in this mobile you will be got frustrated. Very slow.I will not recommend this mobile to the one who what it for minimum cost prepaid plans.

The phone works great and the phone service is great. A note to customers, if you go from a SIM card phone to the android which does not have a SIM card(and this can apply to any Net 10 phones) it will take 2 business days to transfer due to some complicated issues moving your current phone number to the new Net 10 phone. The negative reviews all seem to be about Net 10 customer service and not the phone itself. If people have patience and realize that customer service provided by a company is not the product, the reviews would be more positive. I really like the phone, it is easy to use and internet on it is quick. It has a 3G and Wifi option, so in your home you may have faster internet service if you have a wifi set up.

Great phone for the price not the best but hecka good for thise sayin it has bad battery turn off the 3g and it will last 3 times longer and charge like ib 2 and ahalf hrs
