
I recieved new phone as promised in excellent condition.  This was a replacement for same model which went on fritz after 5 years of reliable service.  I like the compact size mostly.  I do not use the internet browser and find its location in the menu very awkward, and it has cost me some time for inadvertently pressing it.  The &#34;3X minutes&#34; for life make it very economical to operate. It took me a few days to activate with Tracfone, as I needed to replace the Sim Card for a Phone Number assignment.  Tracfone people were very helpful. I am hoping for another 5 year run on this new phone.

I am not a fancy phone user just want a phone to make calls and this phone is perfect to fit what I want.

The phone works fine.... as a backup phone with triple minutes, the cost is about ten cents a minute with the unused minutes expire after 90 days.  Ex... You buy 60 minutes...  cost 20 bucks, but you get 3 tilmes that or 180 minutes or $20/180=11cents a minute. So if you use only 90 minutes during the 3 months it cost 22 cents a minute.  The time disappears faster than the actual time on the phone ... must be rounded off .... like 15 second call ... seems to wipe out a whole minute.Personally to expensive for my frugal spending, so i will check out other alternatives.

I ordered a new T301G and am so disappointed! The phone is not new. The packaging was already sliced open, the screen sticker was on crooked, and there was face grease and dandruff on the face of the phone. Don't buy from shopcelldeals unless you are prepared to be disappointed and willing to use a dirty phone even though you wanted a new one.

I live in a remote area without cell towers or service, but I wanted an inexpensive option for cell phone to keep in the car for emergencies.  I met a couple of people in our area who recommended Tracfone for good reception in a very wide area range.  While it doesn't work in the mountain village I live in; it feels so good to have it it the car.  I purchased the one-year card to go with it so if I get the urge to blab with friends when traveling, I'll have lots of minutes.  I love this phone and I'm saving a lot of money using the pay as you go option for a phone.  The Tracfone website was easy to navigate to set up the service and offered a lot of options for customer services.  I'm very very happy with this phone and the Tracfone service.

I bought this phone to save money and because this particular model offers you triple the minutes instead of double the minutes. It also comes with 10 free minutes and 60 days of activation so if you buy $20 dollar activation card, right away you get 190 and 150 service days to begin your plan with Tracfone. I have a landline phone that I use more than a cell phone and I don't text message so there wasn't a point to having to pay more than $30 dollars a month to cell carrier. The quality and reception on this phone is surprisingly pretty good as well.

I had the more expensive touch pad model and hated it due to lousy touch pad sensitivity and always made errors

I love this slider tracfone! It's easy to use, the reception is great, the screen is crisp and clear, the camera takes surprisingly good pictures, the menu options are plentiful and ya gotta love the triple minutes for life!!!  Plus you can quickly add minutes right from the phone which is another great feature.  And how fantastic having NO monthly phone bills that always run $10-$15 higher than your contract stipulates because of all the phony fees and surcharges those phone companies pad your bill with and you're stuck paying.  I've had my phone for 10 months and in that time I've spent $87 that gave me 1380 minutes thanks to the triple minutes vs $500 I'd have spent with my old contract phone in the same 10 month period!  This phone has been a real trooper and should something happen to it, I'll just turn around and buy another one.  I highly recommend it!

eats up to many minutes setting up voice mail be nice if tracfone changed that, what a waste. I am not even doing it.I like the phone itself though,great phone for me.Very handy.

I had my first T301g slider Tracfone for a few years until I recently found out that they have the same phone with TRIPLE the minutes.  I was not aware of the triple minutes card that you could buy for more money than the phone cost.  So I am glad to get the second same phone for only $19.99 plus S&h!  I now have and extra battery and can use the same cool covers that I just bought for the last one!  I have had a few Tracfones before this one. This is by far my favorite!  I was told by Verizon that they use to sell this same Samsung phone, so it does have very good quality sound, and durability, etc.  I like this phone better than the big company phones, simply because you not only get triple the minutes, but the days add up each time you purchase your minutes so you do not have to pay monthly like I thought when I first started.  I will never change my phone!  I hope you choose to do the same.  You will be glad you did!

Good basic phone for those who do not need all of the bells and whistles. Easy to use. Good sound.

Great phones with triple minutes I have another one exactly the same it works great so I figured I would have some backups if gets lost or stops working.

I charged the phone overnight. The battery will not hold a charge. I am returning since the seller will not do an exchange. If the next phone is defective I will re-rate it as one star. I have been buying Samsung phones for Tracfone for an organization for several years. The model I always bought was discontinued. I never had any problem with the clam-shell phone I used to use.I bought this model because it has triple minutes for life.

Tried to upgrade to a Smartphone, and returned it in a week. Just too much techno for me. I only need a phone, for talking to people, rarely.This little phone is perfect for my needs, and replaces a flip phone. I very much enjoy the slide feature. Compact, fits in jeans pocket no problem when walking dog. Very user friendly lights up with number of minutes and days remaining. No problem setting up, only 15 min w/ some dude in India (who was very friendly and helpful, unlike reps at Tmobile, company I left for Tracphone.) I didn't port old number.Have used for a month or so, nothing but positives to say about it. Only wish I had gone to Tracphone sooner, and save the monthly bill with Tmobile for something else.

My husband was not a cell phone person but he loves it, easy to use and the triple mins are excellent ..I would recommend this to all.

This phone is advertised as having Bluetooth technology but be careful when you buy this phone.  I purchased the phone on Apr 21 and returned it on May 8 because it was not compatible with the Bluetooth system in my vehicle.  I could make outgoing calls and could hear incoming calls in but was not able to answer them.  Tracfone basically would not help although they did let me transfer the air minutes from this phone to my wife's phone so I didn't lose those.  If you are not going to use the Bluetooth feature I guess it is ok.  If you are check with the Bluetooth system in your vehicle before purchasing any Tracfone.  But I will never buy another Tracfone.  There customer service is extremely difficult to work with.

On par with other TracFones I have used, and I  like triple minutes for life. Easy to obtain time and use.

Most of the time I was only able to get 2 bars.  With my other LG Tracfone I get 4 or 5 bars in the same location.  Unhappy with it, quit using it.

do I have to buy some card for this or does it come with minutes? how do i get minutes for it?

I have used this model for a few years and replace it when necessary. This is the first triple minutes offer and I really like that. Tracfone can be frustrating at times, but you can't beat the price for the family plan for older adults. We don't text a lot and we use the house phone for outgoing calls that may eat up minutes on hold. Handy for those of us that don't need or want smart phones.

So far the reception has been as good as my US Cellular. Still in sampling mode to see if I will be able to cancel US Cellular and save ALOT of money.  It is a shame on what one has to pay just to have a phone, NO SMARTPHONE, TEXT etc.  They are even eliminating the flip phones for those of us that still use them.

This telephone is so much simpler for me . It is so much easier for me to see who is calling, the number calling, and the time of the call. I especially like the size of the numbers and letters on the screen when I am making a telephone call. A lot easier for me to see and read. Beautiful ringtone.

I bought two of these phones a couple weeks apart. The first one I got was for me and when I transferred my minutes from my other phone it gave me about 6 months of service.  Then when I got the other phone for my daughter and transferred her minutes, it gave her 1000 free minutes. I don't know why but I'm not complaining but don't order this phone thinking you'll get free minutes, it may have just been a fluke. The battery life seems good, I like the size and I like that it's a slider.  You can take pictures and record on this phone but I've noticed with mine that the recording isn't the best quality so recording a song doesn't really work for a ringtone, it just doesn't sound good.  Other than that, I'm very happy with the seller, the phone, and tracfone.  Oh yeah, transferring your minutes on the tracfone website was extremely easy and simple and I received both phones within 2 days of placing my order.

So, it isn't a smartphone; it isn't even a feature phone.  It's a phone.  With triple minutes for life.  For $12.99.  Seriously?  What more do you want?  Spend about $100, and you have a phone + 400 X 3 minutes (which equals 1200 minuts) + a promo code for 250 minutes and 90 days of extra services.  Viola!  That's one year, three months of service...an average of 96 minutes per month.  You get three text messages for each minutes, which equals 4350 text messages.  Let's say you run out of minutes before the anniversary is up.  $95 +/- for another 400 X3 = 1200 minutes (more if you have a promo code.)  Compare that to a typical plan:  $50 per month, plus fees and taxes.  $50 X12 = $600.  There's no comparison, really.  Unless you are attached to your cell phone at the ear with glue, or have it surgically implanted, this is a great value all around.  It's not ideal.  It won't scratch your back or wind your watch.  It won't connect you with social media.  But it will make phone calls and do text messages like nobody's business!The phone is light, and feels cheap.  However, it is a $12.99 phone.  If you want more than that, pull out your wallet.  I highly recommend the phone and the company.  Tracfone has excellent service, and straightforward pricing.  If you need a phone to stay connected with friends and family, or if, like me, you have a department that is short of a few cell phones and is experiencing a budget crunch, then this is the phone for you.Just go into it with your eyes open.  It ain't Android (R) or iPhone (R).  On the other hand, you aren't paying out the nose.  Go for it.Ruth

The only con on this phone seems to be battery life, but with light-mild usage, it should last a few days without charging. What's great also, is the TRIPLE MINUTES. If you're on SAFELINK, like I am, then your minutes are TRIPLED (automatically, for me at least), which is great. I would highly recommend this phone as a low-budget replacement and/or for those on a limited-income. A+

The signal is not always as good as other phones, and the battery life isn't great, but this phone cost my under $20, so I got everything I paid for and am not disappointed.

My son lost his other phone and I chose this one because, it has better features.  It works well for the price and more.  I would recommend to parents that wants to stay in touch with their school age children but not want to risk spending alot of money for a cell phone. It's also strurdy.

I WOULD REFER TO MY FRIENDS.  I REALLY LIKE THIS PHONE I WAS ALREADY USED TO THE LG SLIDER AND MY OLD ONE QUIT WORKING CORRECTLY.

Just needed something to use when traveling, and for the occasional call or emergency.  Reception is great, easy to use.  Holds a charge quite a long time (then again, it is OFF most of the time...)  Can't beat the triple minutes for life!!  Just two complaints:  no speakerphone! :-(  or headset jack.  Also, typeface size is a bit small for my eyes.

My first slider Samsung product. I replaced my LG touchscreen because it frequently would activate web browser accidently by bumping the phone. Problem solved as the Samsung t301g requires unlocking, which does not happen accidently. Smaller size is convenient for keeping in my pocket.

it works just fine although the firmware is getting old and some functions may soon be of little use.  The &#34;problem&#34; I had was with Amazon.  This item was advertised as free shipping with  the usual $25 min.  order so I ordered two phones to get the cost above the min. but Amazon kept trying to charge me for shipping.  I reduced the quantity to one and paid the shipping but I resented it....

ONLY "DIFFICULTY" IS SLIDING THE SLIDER UP. GREAT PHONE TO USE.EASY MENU, AND OPTIONS. CAMERA IS SUPRIZINGLY GOOD. CLEAN AND CRISP PICTURES, AND THEY DON'T TAKE LONG TO SEND. WOULD DEFINETLY RECCOMMEND TO ANYONE.

Bought the phone and called a few days ago to move my number from another Tracfone. Waited two days and the phone was not working. Called Tracfone and they gave about eight 16 didget numbers to code into phone. Got over 4,000 days to use the phone,  When finished they are sending me something in the mail.

Paid 12 dollars for it on Amazon works great.I only use it for a phone. I do not send any  text or take any pics.I purchased it for the triple minutes that is great.For me the cost per months is about 8 dollars a month.

A good basic phone , the triple minutes make this a good buy for a casual use phone, it is small and slim which makes it easy to carry in any pocket, if you text a lot you may want a phone with a full keyborard though,otherwise a nice phone foe a very low price.

I've owned one of these for a couple of years now, and a couple of months ago the slider started cutting out.If I opened it all the way, the speaker would go dead.  Holding it halfway open the sound came back on.  Also certain buttons do not work if the slider is all the way open.Now it has learned a new trick -- opening all the way makes the display images flip to mirror image (backward text from right instead of left).  Very bizarre.  Only way to fix this one is power off the phoen.  The phone is almost unusable now.I've got a bunch of photos on the phone that I don't know how to retrieve.  If I try to send them as multimedia text messages, they must be shrunk in file size -- losing most of the resolution.  Not nice.

i ordered one of these because my old phone broke and when it arrived i charged it and turned it on then it would not let me in. im not mad but i was ordered to post this by my mom.

I have had my phone a little over a month.  For my needs this phone is perfect.  I only use it when I am out and about.  So, its perfect for me to pay for minutes as I need them.  The size is perfect. The phone is pretty sturdy, considering the cost. The only con is it needs to be charged every 8-9 days, since I don't use it that much.  I expected the battery to last longer. I believe it was stated to last longer when I did my research. I very seldom use the texting or internet options, but they are there if I should want to.  I received it in about 2-days and everything was there. Anyway, I am very pleased so far, with my phone.  I would definitely recommend.

I like this phone, it is easy to use. Love the triple minutes, The downside is the locking of the phone and if not careful you hit the browser button.. Also mine doesn't seem to hold a charge very long..

Not much exciting about it. It's a cell phone, it triples minutes, I had no problems with activation and as far as the complaint about the browser button? The phone locks now so that is no longer a problem. I will say that it doesnt have very good reception, my last tracfone had 3 bars in my house, this one has none. hopefully this isnt a consistent problem and it gets reception somewhere. The button are tough to push and loud, but that would make this great for kids. Hard to text with though.

Good simple to use phone for a first time user. Great value too, easy to load time and minutes to it. Perfect for  kids.

Ilive overseas and wanted a phone to use while here in US on vacation. Activated online very easy though you have to wait a bit for service to start properly. DO PAY ATTENTION TO TIME COUNT I used a 200 min. card and with triple minutes and another 20 for bonus I ended up with 620 min. BUT the timer starts the moment you press send. When you call someone, even if they don't answer you pay, when you receive a call you pay to. So it's not 620 minutes of talk time, but as they put it 620 min., of air time...

this is a good phone only wish  you could get unlimied calls on it for a flate rate instead of the minutes cards this card is not worth it.

This is really not about the device but the service from Tracfone.  They have messed up porting, have lied about sending SIM cards and have spent a minimum of 4 hrs of customer service to no avail.  Have money and minutes on a phone that cannot be used because they have screwed up the activation and porting.

I FOUND THIS WAS A VERY REASONABLE PRICED PHONE WITH PLENTY OF OPTIONS FOR WHAT I USE IT FOR. I LIKE A FLIP PHONE A LITTLE MORE TO HELP PROTECT THE FACE.

If a basic, just for occasional use cell phone appeals to you, this may be be the one.Pros:*This phone actually works quite well. and if it gets lost, falls in a lake, ocean, toilet, or just hits the floor hard, who really cares? No years and hundreds of bucks left on a contract. Purchasing "insurance" would be silly on a phone at this price.*Setting this up could not be much easier.*Bluetooth works well.*Easy to use.*Nice, lit up numbers to make phone calls.*This phone is quite amusingly pre-historic. If Rip Van Winkle fell asleep in 1997 and woke up today, he would be right at home using this thing.Cons:*The sliding mechanism can be stiff and clumsy until you get used to it.*Do not despair. This is nothing more than an inexpensive, entry level cell phone that would have thrilled the masses some 16 years ago.  With an exception or two, most of the "bells and whistles" stink. It is just a phone, and it serves that purpose nicely.Bottom Line: Overall, a very low priced, yet functional phone. Worth every cent if that's what you want.

Great phone to work with and it is great getting triple the minutes  would recommend this phone to anyone.  Thanks!!

Phone is very small and difficult to use as one's fingers will not be able to easily press the required keys and buttons on the face. The place where one puts in the wire to charge the battery is also difficult to open and doesn't stay easily closed. It works, but with difficulty.

Owning this phone has been a TERRIBLE experience. Within a month the battery leaked, ruining the inside of the phone. When I called with Tracfone to replace it, they told me my balance had dropped to 0 from 1,100 minutes. I went to their online site to check my minutes but the phone number and serial number only returned an error that the phone was inactive or invalid and to call Customer Service. Customer Service, in turn, had no idea what error I was talking about, and could only replace the phone, now with zero minutes! This type of corporate behavior should be illegal. Stay away! Stay away! Stay away!

I bought the phone, showed it to my mom,she thought it was a good  value and  bought it  from me. It's fine  but you can't add memory.

I got this phone for my 9 yr old grand daughter to keep in touch with me while on her school bus abd emergency so far so good

Good little phone, not a bunch of ups or extras but enough for what we need. Can't beat the price

It takes forever to text using that kind of keyboard. I purchased an more expensive one that slides and has the better keyboard. No hitting #7 four times to set an S !!!!! Much faster typing!

Good for most things but not a smart phone. This is backup to other phone, a plus is triple minutes.

This is my second T301g. I washed the first one with my clothes. Bought the same model because it worked so well. No complaints at all.

I have owned a number of pay as you go phones, but this one is one that I can actually hear what is being said clearly.  Volume control on the side makes it nice and easy to turn up or down.  Best of all, this phone has tripple minutes! I purchased 60 minutes and got 180.  Then purchased 120 minutes a few days later and got 360. Better yet, the days of usage were extended and added upon the existing minutes. So far this is the best value of any of the pay-as-you-go phones I have ever owned.

My wife and I both have this same phone.This phone suits our needs. I don't text or use &#34;online&#34;, so I won't comment on that except that the keypad is small, which may be a problem for that type of use. We average less than 100 minutes usage apiece per month. At a cost of about 22 dollars (plus tax and fees) total a month for both phones. We have accumulated about 2000 total rollover minutes over the past year in case we ever need them. I'm a senior, and this works great for me. If your a heavy user, this may not be the phone for you. I also like the compact size and light weight. The only CON for me is that I keep it on 24/7, and it needs recharging every 3 or 4 days, even if I don't use it.. If it had better battery life I would have given it 5 stars.

Have only had this phone for less than a day but I am very satisfied.  Had the phone out of the package and working with my minutes in less than 15 minutes.  Buying the minutes from Tracfone was quick and easy over the internet.  I am using the phone as an emergency phone so I purchased the 60 minutes for 90 days but with the triple credits and the 20 minutes you get with the phone and 10 minutes bonus (in the coupon book enclosed), I have 210 minutes for 90 days, at a cost of less than $22 with tax etc,  which is perfect for an emergency phone.  The menu on the phone is pretty straight forward and my phone is ready to go.  Highly recommend for someone needing a phone for an emergency phone.  Another good thing about using a tracfone is you can purchase a minutes card just about anywhere, not just over the internet.  Great for gift giving from your friends and relatives.

Had one of these before,liked it ok-couldnt get this one activated-problem was with service provider,not with the phone itself.Poor reception trying to activate,customer service apparently in Asia,difficult to communicate

I needed a quick and easy phone for US trips.  I have a UK smart phone, so did not want another of these.  This samsung tracfone was absolutely perfect.  Quick and easy to use.  Just right for week long trips.

First of all its with Verizon and I get reception everywhere.  I find this phone easy to use and not misdial phone numbers or accidentally push buttons while its in my pocket.

bought this phone packaged with 4gb memory card from sandisk, cant find any info how to install it. Samsung manual and website seems to imply phones memory not upgradable? Any help?

This was the perfect phone to get my neice.  She was in an after school program and needed a way to contact my sister incase she got out early or whatever.Just put minutes on the phone, they'd triple, and she was good to do.Be careful though - remember that our little angels can be naive and watch who and what they might text.  Just saying...

I had a Samsung slider phone before and loved it. So I searched for a new one at a good price and found it on Amazon

Phone was used as a gift for a senior person and it is very easy to understand and program. He is using it with no problem, thank you....

Works great, triple minutes, and paid less than $15.Perfect for me with my usage around 200 minutes/month.  Minutes cost an average of $15/month after taxes, etc.Contacts can be categorized i.e. 'family', for sending a text to multiple persons easily.Nice alarm setting options i.e. multiple alarm option, pick your day option, etc.Selecting a contact for a text message could be a little easier to do than it is.

Nice phone with triple minutes. Good-Bye expensive wireless that I hardly use!! Got 4 phones for my family for less than 100 Bucks.

II chose this phone because it said it has tripple minutes on it and when I recieved the phone it did not come with triple minutes it was even stated on the package that this phone was for double minutes.

I use this phone everyday and i monitor my minutes and avoid paying big ass smart phone bills, i am happy paying $30.00 a month Vs' my friends paying $120.00.

I got this for a friend who is very reluctant to try ANYTHING new at all. Period. He immediately started to warm up to complimenting the device and now it never leaves his side.

I like the phone, and more importantly, the person I bought it for likes it! He wants a basic phone just to make calls, not all the bells and whistles that smart phones have. The simpler the better.Having Triple minutes was the reason I bought it, because we go through minutes too quickly. That's awesome!The only drawbacks so far are that the battery seems to run down quickly, and when I assembled the phone, the battery cover wouldn't go completely on. Nobody else has been able to get it on either, but the phone works, so we'll overlook it.  Not crazy about having to "unlock" the phone all the time, but it's good so you don't accidentally turn on the browser and run down the minutes. For 14.99, I'm very happy-will probably get one for me just for the triple minutes!

Not exactly what I was expecting, but okay as a spare phone. I will probably let one of the kids use it.

The people at tracfone purposely tied the "unlock" button to the "browser" button so that when you unlock your phone, if you press the button by accident, it opens up the browser and automatically and immediately deducts .5 minutes even if you quickly close it.It might not seem like a big deal but if your phone becomes accidentally unlocked in your pocket, purse or holster, your minutes will be drained to zero before you realize what happened.You can't glue the button down otherwise you won't be able to use the "back" function, and they purposely did not give you a way to disable or toggle the browser function to a different button or menu.They purposely designed the phone this way knowing this would happen.I suggest you contact the Better Business Bureau and file a complaint if you have this phone. This is shameful. The people most likely to have prepaid phones are those who are on limited budgets. Good job Tracfone execs! you're robbing the poor during a recession!

Needs to be recharged every other day--daily if you do much talking, and recharging takes as much as 8 hours..  Good features, and a handy set of &#34;tools&#34; including a count down timer.

I have been very pleased with this phone.  I like the slide out keyboard which automatically bypasses the screen lockout.  I'm still learning my way around this phone.

I love this phone especially because I do not need all the bells and whistles.The battery life is incredible I don't have to re-charge it all the time, I just use this as a back up phone. I just throw it in the glove compartment of my car in case of emergency's or if I forget to bring my regular cell with me, It's great!

GOOD SERVICE. I'M SAVING A THOUSAND DOLLARS A YEAR USING THIS PROVIDER. WISH I HAD GOTTEN IT YEARS AGO. BOUGHT ONE FOR MY BROTHER AND FRIEND. WE ALL LOVE IT, AND WON'T EVER use anything else. THANK YOU TRACPHONE.

Amazing deal.  Get your own phone number with any area code $12.95.  Triple minutes means it will cost like $60 per year.

This is a phone my husband uses .. it has all the basic features he needs and is certainly a good return for the minimal investment.  Because he is very hard on his phones and is constantly dropping and/or loosing them, I actually keep a 'spare' in the cupboard so I have a replacement ready for him whenever he needs it.  He never looses the minutes, and he's back up and running in a few minutes ... a feature we'd never get from a major carrier with contract restrictions.

Unless I Got a factory flaw, this phone has very low volume. If you at all have poor hearing stay away from this one. I have been playing with it for days, cannot find anything online to improve volume. I did finally find if you hit okay button in a conversation it will say speaker phone on the screen but you have to hold it to your ear to hear it at all. I don't call that a speaker phone.  You can download a very uninformative user manual from the Samsung website. :-(  It does not come with one.

Nice phone, easy to use. Love the pay as you use option.  Very economical.  My only complaint is that it is somewhat easy to mistakenly hit the browser button.  Tracfone immediately bills you 1/2 minute and mounts up if you don't notice the error.

I bought two of these, one for my wife and one for myself, I figured to save money with the triple minutes. My wife's phone works just fine.My phone is only able to send text messages when I have signal. When I make calls it's extremely static and buzzes so much no one can hear me. When I text with it, it's like playing a game with the signal, sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't. I send a text message one minute then sometimes I have to wait a few minutes or an hour until I have a signal to send another text. I live in Rockford, IL. Only once did I have a clear connection with the voice call when I was up near Lake Geneva, WI.I've always been happy with Tracfone, just this particular cell phone just doesn't work, either it's defective or not in the right zip code.

much more phone than I ever expected, and I have been with Tracfone for several years. I recommend it highly

It is a very nice phone and does the trick if you want a really simple phone! It receives pictures a lot better than any other cheap tracfone I've seen. The only problem is that it does not have a place to put a micro SD! I really like it though!

This fits the bill. I bought a cheap flip top one and couldn't read the time or date when a text was sent as it was white on yellow and no way to change it! Very frustrating!!! The one I have now does have the option to change it, and I am very happy with it! Also, the triple minutes in a bonus - compared to the double minutes I had in my past phone. A win, win situation!

I'm hard on a phone, so I use this very basic model, but even then replacing a phone every year or two is prohibitive. This was exactly the right phone at a price almost one fifth of what you find the same thing in a brick and mortar store for. A real life saver.Just remember to always attempt to salvage your SIM card and batteries. You never know.

Now wonder you get TRIPLE MINUTES for LIFE with this Phone you can go through those and then some, with this miserably  designed Phone.Warning! there is No way to Disable the Browser.The Browser Button is in a very precarious location.If and elderly Person accidently his the browser buttonthe Minutes will disappear like Greased Lightning.Thus leaving them Stranded in No Mans Land with no way to call home.DONOT buy this phone for an Elderly Person or be ready to go through minutes like water down the drainand your Money too.

All PRO features as you might discuss for any PRO condition,  the T301G fulfills the bill for being a PRO detail.All the CON features that I have found is the keyboard letters are a little small for my 20 penny fingers.But, I can still use them with a little care.That's the only issue I could find to go under the CON evaluation.Since I bought it to provide me with a &#34;Slider&#34; cover rather than a &#34;Flip Top&#34; [and the triple minutes for life didn't hurt any either!]

The phone looked really cool but would not work in my area code. Wish I had known that before purchasing. Tracfone sent me another phone but was unable to send/receive pics. After 90 minutes of talking to tech person, it was determined that the phone was faulty and they would have to send another phone!  At this time, I am still waiting for my phone. BUT as far as sending and receiving text or just talking on the phone it works great!!

The scroll down button is very hard to press and make it work. With a couple of weeks of use the problem has not improved. All other aspects of this tracfone are wonderful. I would purchase another one without hesitation.

I have owned two of these phones and they suite my needs perfectly. I just use text and camera. I don't need a smart phone as long as I have a home computer. This little guy only cost me about ten dollars a month. Battery life is good and I am very pleased with the purchase.

When the phone first arrived it worked fine, not the best, but alright. I have another tracfone in the house that works great, gets full service, this one only got partial service, but its triple minutes, so hey!After about a week the phone stopped working, in the middle of an important phone call. I tried walking all through my house, outside of my house, out back- and no matter where I went the other side couldn't hear me. Tried a few other calls with the same problem. Put a signal enhancer on the phone, and that worked for about 5 minutes.I am annoyed with this purchase to say the least.I also have the LG 221C Prepaid Phone With Double Minutes (Tracfone), it works great. I will be purchasing another LG phone to replace this one.

its a great phone.simple and easy to use.great for talking and texing.good service not the best but its good enough.great battery life,and the triple minutes for life is great.its a cheap phone but well worth it.

I am not addicted to my cell phone like a lot of people, so I wasn't looking for anything fancy.  In fact, my last cell phone didn't even have a camera and I was perfectly fine with it. I only updated because buttons started sticking and made it hard to use. Anyway, I really love this phone. It is really easy to use and I was able to pick it up and use it immediately.  I also get decent coverage, which is a good plus where I live.  This phone is well worth the money and I even get triple minutes for life!!

I purchased the phone and 1 week later the face of the phone  cracked just from carrying in my pocket, and I could not access any of the functions of the phone.

The phone has  letters and numbers that are big enough to read.  It was fairly easy to load up the numbers.  We received the phone in only a few days.What we have found disappointing is that there is no icon glossary to help us understand when, for example, we have no incoming calls.  We had to go online to find out that info.  There is no specific manual to help us use the phone.  For example, we have to go online again to figure out how to type in e-mail addresses.

Fits my needs perfectly. The triple minutes for a life is a real bargain and also coupons included in the package.

Thanks to Amazon's return policy, my father wasn't stuck with this phone.  As soon as he received it, he called Tracfone to transfer his minutes and get it activated.  He had trouble getting to Tracfone to set it up because the reception was so bad.  He had to walk out to the front of his yard to find a good spot to activate the phone.  The next thing he noticed was that he was only getting one bar for his signal strength.  All of the other phones that he had prior to this one had more bars and usually 3 to 5 bars.  He tried using the phone in various parts of town and found a couple spots that were good, but in most areas he lost reception and had calls drop.He also found the menus and prompts to be confusing to navigate.  One problem that he noticed was that if he dialed a call and hung up after it started ringing, he was charged a minute for the call - even though he hung up before anyone answered.My dad lives in a remote are of Northern California and needed a phone that would work, so I got theLG 235C Prepaid Phone With Double Minutes (Tracfone)and now he gets 3 to 5 bars of signal, no dropped calls, and it is very easy to set up.I do not recommend the Samsung T301G.  You will be much happier with the LG series of phones.

Looks and performs better with more features. A great buy with triple minutes. I do not hesitate to recommend this for Tracfone users.

This is the best tracfone I have used. I had one that died so I bought two more from you as tracfone will transfer all of my time from my old one. I bought two so i will have a replacement when the first one i use died. These phones are so inexpensive there is no point in trying to find batteries. Also this phone works great with the Blue tooth in my car.I reqommend this phone to everyone

I like the phone.  The times I need a cell phone are not near what a teenager would need so this suites me fine.  It has everything I need plus triple minutes and an extra 20o added to my account.  Great buy but not for the people who are looking for a phone with all of the bells and whistles.  However, you're not paying for it either.I am not finding the problems others have found with the browser turning on.  I simply changed the options and there is no longer a problem.  Loading the contact is not the easiest function, but once you are done, you are done.Great phone at a great price with triple minutes.  I had bought a more deluxe phone and have given it to the Salvation Army.

Bought for my husband but am now using for myself. Happy with the phone in general but hate where the browser button is. Too many times I have wasted minutes because of pushing the browser button . I'm not sure if other phones do the same thing but wish you could change the settings and make the browser button harder to access.

I have had 2 of these phones. It is the gutsy workhorse of the tracfone fleet as far as I am concerned. Obviously it is not a texting phone, but you can send and receive texts with it, it just takes longer to write one out. The battery life is very good on these. I have never had a signal issue with these either. The construction is solid and durable. The two that I had were double minutes for life. After three years of service, I retired them and donated them. Now with the triple minute option, I will pick one up for a backup phone. I reccomend this phone if your looking for a very good basic phone.

I just wanted a phone. I have this same model and love it but I wanted triple minutes. Just what I was looking for.

Bought one for my 16 years old. Great way to save on minutes and easy way to teach teen responsibility of paying bills and managing money.

This fone would not work in my area...but Tracfone replaced it with a better fone that works.  So I have the benifite of the triple minutes an a fone that works in my area.  So no real disappointmens...but could use this item.

Now that I am familiar with the phone I really like it.  Easy to use and the slider feature is a plus.  I like it much better than my previous flip phone.  For the price and the triple minutes it is definitely a good value.

I had this phone for about 5 months, I din't throw it away, I actually fell in love with this phone. I left it at a friends house and she gave it away. It's a great slider, and it has a delete all button. Hurrah! Nobody likes to have to go delete all their messages 1 by 1 like the LG 500. I could not stand that phone. This isn't a full QWERTY keyboard, but it was an amazing phone. I fell in love as soon as I opened it. &lt;3

The phone has worked well for us.  I personally have not found the &#34;Browser&#34; key mentioned in some of the other reviews to be an issue.

Works much better than expected. I even get reception out in the wildrness where my old expensive Sprint phone would not. Simple and to the point with all the basics I need without haveing to read a phonebook sized instruction manual. Great minute deals on line on their replenishment webpage, and miutes instantly appear.Fast delivery. Batt really holds a good charge. Easy to transfer over your exisisting phone number. Covered dial pad, my old phone used to make calls on its own. Old fashioned text method but the benifits out weigh the minor inconveince. Nice compact size.Minutes can also be purchased at many stores. My phone bill is now 3/4 cheaper with better service range and no phone problems!

This Tracfone is more than great !!  I love it a lot !!  If someone does not like it....poor kitty.

The phone works.  Battery life is pretty decent, but I do have 2 minor problems with it.First is the web browser key is permanently assign to one of the quick key -- the cancel or back key.  So if I push on cancel button too many times, I will kick off the web browser and get a 50 cents air time deduction.Second is the alarm clock does not work if the phone is turned off.  My old Sony w580i would work even if the phone is turned off.

Had this same phone before but min. were only double. Bought this one and now I have triple mins. I like this phone instead of the ones with all the apps. because I don't need those to place a phone call. Thought I'd lost my phone which is why this one was purchased. Of course found it about a week after getting this one. But this is a nice little phone for someone who doesn't want the extra frills of the expensive phones. Would recommend.

This product was never used, as the charger was unable to charge the phone the very first time.  Also the battery was very difficult to insert and remove.

I ordered this phone for my 81 yr old mother and was worried about the browser issue. Thanks to previous reviewer who offered a helpful hint. The minutes left on her double mintues phone, with a few codes, easily transfered to the new phone and tripled. She loves the triple minutes feature as she now does not have to purchase minutes for a long time.  Only complaint she has is she can't hear the ringtone on full volume but I think that is an easy fix. We will find her a louder one that she can hear!

A friend told me about this phone, so I chose it. The phone was easy to use, but it would never connect to a cell tower, even if I was outside, and the few calls I made were always broken up. I was in touch with Tracfone several times and they were very helpful in making sure all codes were correct, but the phone just never would connect to a cell tower properly. I think there was a problem with the phone itself and probably would never connect. My friends phone works great, so not sure if I just had a defective phone.

This phone is not going to replace your computer.But if you need a good,reliable useful Cellular phone you can't do much better.

Early in February, 2013 I bought a Tracfone. Since then I keep buyingminutes per phone using my credit card. I have bought at least threetimes, maybe more. The last time, using a coupon that came with thephone, I bought 400 plus  minutes- that was maybe a little over three weeks ago, and they are GONE. That's over 6 hours!. My minutes I buy aredisappearing.There is no way I'm using these minutes.I am a senior citizen I don't text.I don't take pictures. Idon't browse the netI am very wary of accidentally hitting the 'browse button' (thanks to a warning I read here that stated that it is easy to hit- and that the phhone is designed that way to get your minutes).I tried calling the 'customer service' number that you gave me toresolve the problem.As previously stated; I am a senior citizen. I have trouble hearing.The person that I was put in touch with had a heavy foreign accent and Icould NOT understand him.I had to ask him to speak loudly and clearly numerous times.I did understand him to say at one time that they had no record of myphone numberI told him that could not be and to check again.Finally I had to give up and hang up.Think I'm alone in this? Think again:[...]

Bought two and it's great.  It came with 1200 minutes.  Bought it back in May 2012 and am still using the same minutes.  If you want a cell phone with not all the flash or features you will never  use and want to save money  than this is your phone.  I use it for all my appointmets, and it's great and easy to use.  Love it

I searched Amazon for the best price on these phones as they were for my grandchildren and it  was their first phone.  I did not want to get anything expensive.  The prices were great.  I chose this one because the information given and the triple minutes for life were important.  Very reliable seller and it arrived as stated.  Shipping was great free.  Saved me a lot of foot work and saved on fuel for my car.  Thanks

This phone is very simple, I do kind of miss having the qwerty keyboard. For my purposes this works so easy. Texting is not that important to me. This phone, it doesn't lock up on you quickly, much better than my previous phone.

Like the small size with hidden keys until you slide it open. Triple minutes is the main reason I purchased but surprised it was nice phone that fits in the palm of your hand. Anything bad to say is picky but has a browser button to visit the internet that is upper right that can be accidentally which will cost you air time. The small screen makes internet browsing very useless but its there if you need it I guess.

great product, sturdy built, easy to use, the  triple minutes are a plus. I suggest this phone to everyone who needs a cell.

Fairly nice, actually liked my old flip better. Unable to find a source for the manual, so difficult to text on it.

I bought this for my kid and it has worked solidly.  If a person does not need a smartphone and does not text a bunch, this is a very solid phone to get!

great bargain mobile phone service. all the minutes you buy would be tripled in amount. for example if you buy 100 minutes it would automatically be tripled to 300 by tracfone once its added to the account.I got this model for my mom who had no use for a smartphone, but loved to talk. I knew about the quality of the Samsung slider and knew it was a good model from my anti-iphone bandwagon days. its really compact and as the image shows the screen size to body I pretty goodanyways its been 1 year or so and moms keeping this phone busy. she hasn't complained to me of any issues shes having with its function or battery life(8 days standby unplugged).

Bought this for my husband, and when the phone rings, I can never slide it fast enough... personally, I don't care for it. And trying to figure out the slider makes it 'difficult' if one is expecting a call... :))

I have got my third Samsung T301g triple minute Tracfone , I like the phone , gave one as gift , have one for spare.Easy to get in service  with Tracfones internet site.  In my area Tracfone uses AT@T cellular  network so I get good coverage .The phone works good , I use it for talk and  texting .  not on internet  .Is a good deal for $12.99

wouldn't hold a charge, very flimsy !!! felt like it was going to break every time I used it !!!! very cheap made

I purchased this phone the first time with triple minutes and a year's service in Sept. last year.  After 4 months of having to charge it almost every other day, I called Tracphone.  After spending hours on the phone with someone out of country, the decision was made that Tracphone would replace the phone.  I received the second phone and returned the first phone to Tracphone.  I was told I would continue with the same number, that did not happen. I haven't had to add minutes yet, but will not be surprised if the triple minutes option will be gone.  The second phone battery charge is no better and I am having to charge the phone every other day as it losses bars almost hourly.  I was very disappointed when traveling and I had not service when other people did.  I do not use the phone very much but do keep it on all the time.  I use no apps nor do I text or take and send pictures.  I'd like to call Tracphone again, but feel it would be useless.  I have read many of the reviews and wonder how it is that so many have praised the battery.  I hope Tracphone reads these reviews.  Maybe someone can give me suggestions as to why my phone is such a charge sucker.

Not as user friendly as I had hoped, the buttons are small and the keyboard is not configured in a good manner. The battery life is very short compared to a simpler phone.I would not recommend this phone. Many better choices out there!

call people, text people. don't use the internet. call quality sucks tho. it really sucks but it's a cheap phone and worth the money if you're not some little teenage girl who's on the phone all day gossiping.

Good battery life (3-5 days), good reception (compared against other tracfones), nice and small to fit anywhere. BUT that pesky browser button on the front page that can't be turned off or changed and subtracts minutes every time you bump it is almost a deal breaker. The software is &#34;locked&#34; and I have yet to find a new one to flash it with, and even in the special service menus you have to dial a long code to access you can not disable this button. There is no lock button (auto locks after 30sec) so you can't even lock it before putting it in your pocket thus making it dial the internet almost every time you are done using it.

wondering why the days are counting down??????  After activation and charging  I noticed a counter for the number of days remaining.  WHAT IS THAT????

this phone is basic and dont expect a whole lot from this phone. for the price it is very nice and decent phone. this is not a smart phone. but it does what it is supposed to do. i use this prepaid phone only for emergency. if you need to browse webpages, then this is not the phone for you. i have other smart phone which i connect to wifi and then browse. this phone comes with triple mins and so you dont have to buy seperate card for it. once you buy a card for 300 mins, you will get 900 mins because of the triple mins phone.

The battery charge doesn't last as long as I would like.  Accessing the address book seems slow compared to my previous phone.  The triple minutes are great.

Wish I could give this 4 1/2 starsWe are a first time Tracfone users and were looking for an emergency "home phone" to leave at our house.  This is a great phone for basic use, texting, and also has camera.The best part about this phone is the triple minutes for life.  We bought it with the 1 year plan on AmazonTracfone 1 Year of Service & 400 Minutesthe total ends up being about $100 for 1200 minutes!  That comes to about $8 per month!!!  You also can use the coupon that comes with this phone for an extra 200 minutes so total is 1400 minutes.  Setup was easy and took 5-10 minutes.My only con is as others have stated.  I have already hit the browser button several times inadvertently and it charges you 0.5 minutes each time you hit it.  There is no way to change this and the button is very easy to press on accident.Otherwise I would highly recommend this phone for basic and light use.  We use this as an emergency phone and would not recommend this as your daily phone if you are a heavy phone user.  The above plan only gives you about 116 minutes per month.  My parents loved this plan/phone so much when they saw ours that we have bought 2 more for others in our family!

Battery would not hold a charge! Product was 2 years old! Also the min. discount was dated for 2012. They knew the product was faulty is my main point!!!

It's cheap, unreliable and minutes are expensive dispite the triple minutes addition. Don't buy this &#34;phone&#34; unless you never call anyone besides work.

Bought this phone with triple minutes on Ebay actually. It does not work in all areas, or in all the areas that most tracfones work in.  I believe it uses the AT&T; network?, but it does not have the same coverage area as our other two tracfones. You can check this before buying by going to the tracfone website and putting in your zip code when browsing for phones (I found out too late). If it doesn't come up as an option, it won't work in your area. I didn't realize this at first, because I traveled out of my area while my old phone info was being transferred, so everything got transferred ok as I had traveled into the coverage area for the new phone. But when I returned home, neither phone would work. Tracfone actually sent me a replacement phone onto which they put the triple minute deal (an LG 501C), but it is taking quite a lot of hours, and many weeks to get it straightened out, and I was without a phone for a month. For some reason they did not get the minutes transferred onto the new phone this second attempt, just the number and service days. Tracfone customer service has gone downhill, and I almost sent both phones back to them and switched to AT&T; due to the aggravation of dealing with them on the phone, being assured all will be right, talking to supervisors, only to have something go wrong.The triple minutes is a great deal, particularly if you have an existing tracfone with a lot of service days to transfer. You can buy the 1500 minute airtime card online for $200 after you transfer, which is a great savings when the minutes are tripled. Something like 4.4 cents a minute. The phone is locked when the slider is closed. I charged both this phone and my new lg phone for the transfer. This Samsung battery seemed to go down a lot faster than either of our other two phones.I would recommend the phone for someone who needs if for occasional use only, and who does not need the poor camera or texting, as the triple minutes are cheap. Beware of the poorer coverage area and poor battery life compared to other tracfones though.

I have to say that I am a big fan of this phone. The Triple Minutes feature makes is comparable to Net10 prices and in some cases as low as 0.06 cents per minute! Awesome. I replaced my iPhone 5 with this and bought an iPod Touch 5th Generation to get off the expense of buying minutes I never used. With this, I really pay only for what I use and I can see what I am using every time.**UPDATE**After two months of use I dropped my rating from five stars to three. I still like the phone overall, but have had some issues with random restarting; the phone even restarted once in the middle of a call! The Bluetooth works better than the one on my iPhone 5 did, so that's nice. Since I know I like the Tracfone service now, I purchased an LG 840g and a year worth of service.

I only had it for one day so I cannot really say much about the quality in long-term. However, the cellphone is only $13 (when I bought it Jan 2013) so I don't expect it to last forever. I loved the old-styled design of the cellphone.Software - it is crappy but it is okay. You got what you paid!Plan - be aware:Every time make a phone call, it will deduct 1 minutes automatically. So if you make 3 phone calls that lasts about 5s, it will cost you 3 minutes.Each text you send or received will cost you 0.3 minutes. The thing they don't tell you is that you cannot know who text you (it won't show it to you) until you actually open the text.One little trick that let you "peek" the message by to go menu --> message --> inbox and it will let you first couple words of the text for free. It will not cost you unless you open the text and view it.Don't give out your cellphone number when the shop cashiers ask for your number.And yes! This cellphone gives you **triple** minutes (it wrote double inside the package but there was a tape on top of the plastic package saying that the minutes are tripled - TRUE). I got 180 mins when I add 60min air time.So what do I use this cellphone for? EMERGENCY! I only use this phone if I am without internet access and I need to text / make a phone call. I usually use Google Voice on computer (internet required) which will let you text/call for free within US. So I use this TracFone whenever I am without internet access.I still think that the phone / phone plan is worth it when you are looking for cheap and economy cellphone assuming you are not going to make lots of phone calls or a texting maniac (use Google Voice instead). It will be much cheaper than other Carrier alternatives.Recommend but be aware of its cons!

Not the best ,I wish i would have gotton the Motorola flip phone.So the next time I will order the flip phone.

Great phone .No problems at all and I am an old guy (66 years old} and not good with such things.

this phone is good for first time users for they do not have to worry about any bills and they are in control.

I like the compact feel of this slider phone.  There are settings which allow you to answer the phone with just a slide or by pushing any button.  It is sturdy and doesn't really seem to need a case or anything.  I just signed up with Tracfone for the first time after many unhappy years with AT&T and I hope that the triple minutes feature of this phone will outweigh the fact that phone minutes are used up quickly with the pay as you goTracfone plan.

MY wife had a great deal from another supplier for a touch screen Tracfone. It turned out that there were nothing but problems using it. This phone is exactly what she wants. She transferred the minutes and time from the touch screen to this one and hasn't looked back. Also, great price.

Very pleased with this phone. Fast shipping and good overall experience.  As far as I am concerned best deal you could ever make on a cell phone!!!!

Trackfone is great.  Lots of deals for double minutes and carry over.  Great place to park my phone number while I'm using a company phone.

I bought this phone do to its durability and it's Bluetooth capable. I've owned this model before and was very happy with it. Tried a new open faced phone first, but it would unlock in my pocket and dial 911. So I went back to my tried and true model.

It worked for me as a temporary thing. What I didn't like was the lack of security features, I could set a lock code but all it does is prevent the phone from being powered on without the code. There is no way that I have found to disable the browser (to prevent accidentally opening it). In the end I came up with a nice Idea, I will transfer my number to this phone add my minutes (thereby getting the triple) and then transfer my number back to my other phone an LG290c slider. I tried it once and it worked.

I am so sorry I bought this and the 1 year and 400 minutes. It does not work in my area yet Tracfone states is does. I called them the other day and didn't get one sentence out of my mouth, they hung up on me.

My mom was paying Verizon $35 a month for 100 minutes of airtime. Some months she only used her phone five minutes. When I found that out, I knew that I could reduce her cell phone bill by 75 percent. I gave her this and she has been using it for five months. It's a very good value and the customer service dept at Tracfone ported her Verizon phone number over in less than 20 minutes. She is able to keep her the same number that she has had for years and this phone is even nicer than her old Verizon phone model. I load her airtime when she needs it and programmed in her contact list. For her situation, it was ideal. I would recommend it for someone that needs a phone for emergencies, tends to lose there phone, or even for kids that you want to keep on a monthly phone allowance. It's a basic phone and not a smart phone.

Works fine. I don't text much, so I don't mind the slider and keyboard set-up. Keys are small. Only negatives I've noticed is that the phone requires you to accept an already set-up Bluetooth connection for hands-free use in the car. (My last phone recognized and accepted the connection automatically.) Also, you can't seem to reassign the browser from the most used button on the phone -- not good for me.

I have been a Tracfone customer for about 4 years.  As all Tracfone customers know, the company itself is often frustrating, especially Customer Service. With that being said, this phone is fantastic. We already own one of these slide phones and are very happy with it. It is a simple, easy to use cell phone. The camera works really well and is also easy to use. The greatest feature with this phone was the Triple Minutes For Life that came with it. This phone was from an older offer from Tracfone (this offer is no longer attached to this phone), and I did have to call Customer Service to complete the transfer of the phone number over..I had to manually enter codes that the Customer Service Rep game me to update the SIM card. Not hard for me, but others might get frustrated by it. Even with that, I am absolutely thrilled to have gotten a Triple Minutes phone for such a great bargain.

Great buy, and the triple minutes make it even better. I bought this phone to replace the exact same model, but mine had double minutes. So it was a great upgrade for a very low price.

Great features for a low cost phone, Web, messaging, and easy to operate. Long battery standby time. Great service from Trackphone and the triple minutes are a great money saver for the life of the phone.

I LIKE THE PHONE QUITE WELL BUIT WOULD BE BETTER IF THE COUPONS W0ULD be 2013  please send me the current ones

This is a great phone for that first phone for a kid.  Seemed sturdy yet was not expensive at all.

This is a simple phone that does everything I want it to do: call and text. Plus, it has triple minutes! I have been a Tracfone user since they started being available and I have loved each and every phone I have upgraded to.

got this for husband and he is happy with it. triple minutes is a good deal for us. simple to use

Cheap go to phone. I love this phone because of the triple minutes. I would not recommend this phone if you hope to do lots of texting, their are better phones out there for that. I recommend this phone has a temporary phone for someone who lost their actual phone, or if you only make short phone calls. The battery on this lasts about three days.Will not work in Europe.

the good: It's cheap and has triple minutes.the not so good: it's hard to slide open; the keyboard has really small keys; poor volume; battery runs down quickly; poor at picking up a signal (sitting next to my other cell it will have 1 bar compared to 4 on the other one).UPDATE: 5/20/13  Even as a spare this phone is practically useless.  Half the time it doesn't even ring but you get a 'missed call' message.  When it does ring the volume is so low lots of luck hearing it if your watching tv or a car is going bye. I put it on ring/vibrate so maybe i'll catch an incoming call that way.  It almost always has just 1 bar and sometimes when placing a call you'll get the No Service Available message.  I've told everyone to call me on this phone for a week so I can run out the minutes I bought and just trash the phone.

It's a really nice, basic 'phone. And, the price of $12. Is very reasonable. Very easy to use ... Does a lot that more expensive 'phones can do.

I have just successfully transferred my old land line phone number to Google Voice using a Tracfone cell phone as an intermediary step.  This is a long and detailed description of the procedure I used, to help other people who may want to do something similar.First some background: I had an AT&T; land line which I almost never used except with an answering machine.  The line was once shared with DSL, but that's now been transitioned to AT&T; U-verse.  Unfortunately, phone calls to the number (mostly unwanted sales calls) still kicked us off the Internet for the duration of the call.  (I know that isn't supposed to happen with proper line filters, but it does.)  So I wanted to get rid of the land line and the $29/month cost and just use our cell phones for voice communications.  But I didn't want to lose the land line number, since we've had it for 35 years and some people still phone us on that number.  My goal was for calls to that number to just be forwarded to voice mail, which I could then monitor from my computer or cell phone.After extensive research it appeared that the free Google Voice service would achieve my goal.  I signed up for Google Voice, was assigned a free phone number, and I then enabled the "Do Not Disturb" feature for the next 9,000 hours (equals about 25 years).  I verified that all calls to the Google Voice number went directly to Google's voice mail, with instant email notifications then sent to me along with (surprisingly accurate) transcriptions of the messages.  I set it up so that any unanswered calls to my regular Sprint cell phone also went to Google's voice mail.  Google Voice is a great service in and of itself.Unfortunately it is not currently possible to transfer a land line number directly to Google Voice, although you can transfer a cell phone number to Google Voice.  So I began a two-step process of first porting my land line number to a cell phone.  I was going to temporarily add a cell phone line to my Sprint family plan, but that would have required a two-year agreement on the new line (even if I supplied an old phone).  Instead I found a Tracfone Samsung T301G Slider on Amazon for $12.99 plus tax, which required no contract and came with 10 free minutes to get things started.After the Tracfone arrived (in two days with Amazon Prime free shipping), I went to the tracfone.com web site and selected "Transfer Number" under the "Activate Phone" tab at the top of the page.  Then I selected "Transfer my number from another company to TracFone. (We will create a ticket to Port your number)."  The rest was pretty straightforward, although I needed to have on hand my account information from my land line carrier (AT&T;).  The porting process took about a week, and just when I was beginning to wonder about the status, I received a phone call from Tracfone telling me that the transfer would be completed the following morning.  I consider that very good customer service, for them to call me without my having to bug them!  I also verified with AT&T; that my line had indeed been transferred (without affecting my Internet connection) and I'd no long be charged for it.Next I went to my Google Voice account.  Under the gear icon in the upper right corner I selected Settings, then Phones, and then Transfer Number.  I entered the necessary data, including my Tracfone cell phone serial number and telephone number (which was now my old land line number).  Google Voice telephoned that cell phone number, and when I answered it I heard a message telling me to enter a two-digit number which was being displayed on the Google Voice web site, in order to confirm my authority to initiate the transfer.  A day later I received an email from Google Voice saying the porting was successful.So now any calls to my old land line number go directly to my Google Voice mail box -- exactly what I wanted.  I have no further use for my Tracfone cell phone, having used only 2 of the 10 free minutes it came with, and there no longer being a phone number associated with it.  The total cost was $20 to Google for the transfer and $12.99 + tax for the Tracfone unit, but I'll save about $350 a year by no longer having a land line.

This was given as a gift so I'm not really sure how well it's liked.  I do have tracfone myself and for the most part I'm satisfied with it.

My wife had an exact phone like this one but with double minutes & washed it in the clothes washer right inside her pair of jeans by mistake. WE then bought a $10.00 Trac Fone at Wally World which she hated so I bought this phone so she would be happy with her cell phone again. I like the triple minutes feature. I gave it 4 stars instead of five due to the ringer could be louder. I downloaded a different ring off Trac Fone to help with this problem. My wife has had great service & reception with her other phone until it got all washed up.

Had a &#34;go phone&#34; previously, but with this trac phone I get more minutes to use, especially at double the minutes offered.Easy to use, so far it is great!

I gave this phone 0 stars because it would not work in my area code. Called tracfone and they sent me another one free but no triple minutes. I tried to activate the second one on the internet but no luck. I called tracfone to activate . The computer I reached said it was already activated but I have nophone number for it. I would toss the phone but had already purchased a 1 year 400 minute card -would have 1200 minutes with triple minutes.

This phone is an ok phone. I had this phone 2 years ago and the slider works good but it gets on my nerves. when a call comes and you slide it up you answer it, also i hate the fact that it looks like a touchscreen but its not. I wouldnt reccomend this phone

This is a phone that functions well as a communication device, has good signal reception and improved voice quality.  When I called my brother he mentioned the improved voice quality before I told him about getting a replacement phone.  My previous LG800 phone never worked as a phone.  The Samsung T301G is a good solid phone that just simply works and as a bonus has triple minutes for life.Tracfone Samsung T301G Slider with Triple Minutes for Life! (Tracfone)I recommend this phone to Tracfone customers.

I bought This phone for my mom. The only problem we have with it is that it locks at times Meaning we hit the lock button by mistake.  But that is really a small nuisance.  It's a good phone.

only con was the promotional coupons included had all expired.The triple minutes was confusing but I find it is integrated in the phone,nice,,maybe better to include a note that triple minutes are automatic or something like that

triple minutes = bonus!  I hate this phone, but the hubby loves it, so I got it for him to replace the exact same phone that only doubled minutes.  very inexpensive so if we lose it while doing our outdoor adventures we wont really give a rip.  no frills, no Bluetooth, no ability to share photos unless you message them (no sim card)

Husband needed new phone. We were very happy to get the triple minutes and phone for such a good price.

we do not use a cell phone much and have no use for Internet service so we decided to try this. it works great! easy to setup and use. we went with the 1 year/ 400 minutes card and with the triple minutes offer we got with this phone. that gave us 1200 minutes. and for some reason we have over 400 days to use it. we hat a smart phone ( Samsung i937 Focus S Windows ) with roll over minutes and when we cancled the service after the 2 year contract and there was almost 6000 minutes left to use. after paying apx $60 a month we will save apx $620 a year. ( if we dont go over the 1200 ) we have had this new phone only 1 month so ill report back if we have any problems.

Turns out this was only Double minutes, not triple. Still a great deal, but should not have said triple. If it had said double, I would have given it 5 stars. I don't like deceitfulness...[UPDATE]And I stand corrected. The box said double, but the phone in fact does have triple minutes. I don't think you can beat it for the price I paid. Very nice indeed. Changing to 5 stars.One thing to note though is that you should VERY CAREFULLY follow tracfone's process for porting your old phone number. I messed up and they had to send me a new SIM. My fault though, the phone is good...

It have good reception where other phones fail. The only real problem is when I try to receive calls via Bluetooth, I have to press a button in the Bluetooth unit. Other phones (Nokia) auto-answer. That's great while driving.Other problem is the web button at the top right side. Is so easy to press and go to internet, and it will drain your time in a flash. But I solved using some codes from some forums to deactivate it.My only question is, where you insert the micro SD Card that you sell in combo with the phone?

I love this phone!  It is very easy to use and the triple minutes are great.  I would recommend it highly.
