
I like this phone, it's very beautiful and comfortable, it takes very good photos and have good programs. So I like it!

I'm coming off a Nokia E71 but I've had HTC smart phones, have an iPad, iPod Touch and have even had a couple of older Windows Mobiles phones, so I'm not adverse to touch screens, icons and 'smart' features...But the Lumia 800 is driving me batty!  And I realise it's a combination of Windows Phone and (hastily?) rewritten Nokia apps, so maybe it will get better...but maybe it won't.So here are some random pain points that I've come across in trying to get my phone up and running:1. The screen is bright and easily seen outdoors - and through polarised glasses - but the surface is so slick it's really hard to type on without making heaps of errors.2. And the on-screen keyboard is too small so that makes it worse. And the placement of action buttons - esp. the 'Send' button - is too close to the keyboard so it is too easy to send a half written email or text.3. You can rotate the phone but not everything rotates with you. The home screen icons do not rotate for instance.  Small stuff for sure, but really annoying when other phones get it right.4. The lock code screen has an 'emergency call' button under the '7' key and next to '0'. Don't use these numbers in your lock code, it's way too easy to press 'emergency call' when unlocking the phone.5. Internet Explorer seems way dumb. The hard-coded back button exits apps, but not in IE. There it takes you back a page so to get out of IE you have to traverse back through web pages until you can exit (or open tabs and cancel them all then back button out, either way it is clunky).6. Microsoft has been progressively dumbing down your ability to configure their software on the PC for years, and Windows Phone is no exception. I have yet to find a way to configure the Nokia so my Network Solutions POP3 mail account can be accessed because I am required to set ports and Windows Phone does not allow this.7. There is a hard-coded 'Search' button that is not context sensitive to the app you are using. I keep clicking it in Contacts when I want to search for someone but that button jumps off to Bing (and only Bing it seems, I can't reassign it so far). There is a another search button in the Contacts app that you need to use and it's just a waste of screen real estate and a clumsy user interface design.8. The excellent Nokia Navigation app - which is FREE!! and almost worth buying a Nokia on that basis alone - has been changed. I used to save locations, which was really useful for travel as you could save your hotel or office address for the duration rather than having to enter that in each time. But that feature has been removed so it's less useful. It also no longer says street names which is disappointing. (On the plus side, they have added back in the ability to navigate to a Contact address.)9. Like many supposed 'smart' phones if you set an alarm you cannot turn the phone off and have the alarm sound. It's a minor point but I used my E71 as my alarm clock in the morning knowing it would sound whether I had the phone one or off (the explanation I was given in the shop was "But you're phone is charging overnight, why would you turn it off?").10. The finger control is too fussy. If I swipe up the screen to scroll but my finger is near the left hand edge, it consistently scrolls right to the adjacent running app. Other niggles with the scrolling occur along these lines to the point that I have no confidence in where the screens will end up.11. Copy/paste or cut/paste is definitely not intuitive, it definitely does not work like Apple (OK, that's fair, patents and IP and Copyright and all that) but when you have to RTFM to figure out how to cut/paste it's annoying. And you can't copy from any text on the page - try copying from an IE web page and see what I mean!12. Speaking of cut/paste, just moving the cursor around is painful. Microsoft needs to do some work on that front.13. The Microsoft Marketplace seems a pretty lonely place at the moment but Nokia's never had a paucity of apps so I guess that's not much of a change.14. There is 16GB of memory but no slot for micro-SD cards and honestly, you can fill up 16GB pretty quick these days so more memory would be better.One major, blow-me-out-of-the-water problem is ZuneRhymes with 'loon' apparently and yep, I can see why. Zune is just so horribly not Windows that it's painful to use. It is also hard to navigate because the concept of work-flow seems to have been lost in the fancy graphics. Using Zune also means that Nokia's own PC Suite and Ovi software is now redundant. But Nokia's PC Suite did more than just load the phone with images and music and all of that useful functionality has just gone away.The final problem is shared with most smart phones...battery life. Use your phone hard and you'll be lucky to see out a working day before you need the charger. (Though the charger is pretty sexy.)I can't see the Lumia 800 being the halo phone that Nokia so desperately wants. It looks good, the screen is bright and the physical form factor is fine. But Windows Phone feels a generation behind Apple and Google's software in the little things that embed ease-of-use and generate buzz in consumer land.

I just switched from an HTC sensation with a custom rom and I'll never go back.  Windows Phone trumps iOS and Android in so many ways (but it is not without faults).  For starters, battery life on android phones is mediocre at best and rarely get you through the day; this is especially true if you have a sensation, inspire, evo, etc.  iOS is sinfully boring but has fantastic apps and great reliability and is incredibly smooth.  I like wp7's metro UI because it is fast and simple without looking old like the iphone.  the menus are great and modern looking while at the same time fantastic to use.  switching between apps is great and the apps are generally more well made and more reliable than android apps, although they cost more.This phone in particular is great.  Like everyone says, the screen is topnotch with vibrant colors and deep blacks that compliment the black hardware better than anything I've seen (and I've seen them all).  It is not as clear as the iphone's display because of the pixel density, the iphone display is much finer to a noticeable degree.  but colors on the amoled display are great and so it outside visibility.  The display is also better on this phone than the GS series from samsung this is because wp7 compliments the display better than the candy looking rom they use on android devices.  The body of the lumia feels amazing in hand and even feels great with the case that nokia has included.  I bought the black model after seeing how the blue was too light for my tastes.  Many complain about the camera but it is actually fantastic and viewing photos on the screen make it all the better.  I have used it for the last week taking photos of my kindergarten students and I just visited the temple of heaven here in Beijing, China.  The camera has easy settings to fine-tune photos on the fly and make pictures of anything look great....just remember to use the two stage button properly and autofocus.  I capture clear photos that reproduce what I see very well or in some cases they produce what I want it to after the affects.  The videocamera is good but not great.  Phones tend to take choppy videos and this is good but not worth touting "hd" over like all these companies do... And the phone is faster and more fluid than other phones out there, including my dual-core htc sensation, my choppy old atrix, and my girlfriend's iphone 4s (although this browses webpages faster).  WP7 is just smooth.  My only complaint is that some apps require internet usage and it loads that before the app loads so you'll wait 1-3 seconds whereas android apps pop up quickly before they fully load.  Compare the two on and you'll see.  This phone is much quicker than gen1 WP7 phones. The phone also has far better battery life than the sensation; on par with an atrix.  I use if for music, games, reading, and browsing all day.  maybe 1-2 hours of streaming music through bluetooth, 2 hours of reading or surfing, and 1 hour of gaming.  I start my day at 7 and charge it around 9 pm.tl;drThe good: built quality, the camera, speed and fluidity, screen (gorgeous), battery lifeThe not so good: no ffc (don't care but some might), stupid door over the usb port, speaker could be clearer for music, included headphones are garbage, bing maps doesn't zoom in very much, can't use sd

this phone has been by my side for two weeks now and its one good piece of equipment. since i have using it has fallen in water (used a hair dryer to dry it out ) and it worked after , it has fallen more time than i could count .battery life has been good so far , its last a around 20 hrs on a single charge. the touch screen is very responsive and accurate. the camera is good it could be a bit quicker but its good. the storage is more than enough. apps are plentyful and the web interface is really good.call quality is typical nokia loud and clear the speaker phone volume could be louder. the reception is really good it hardly drops bars.things i dont really like or what could change in an update is maybe an EQ could be added , also panaroma mode would be usefuland cheaper apps.

phone worked for one month and then shut down....waste of my hard earned money and my return window has expired

Had nothing but problems with the lumina 800, and trying to get helptroulbe shooting product.  Was told originally this model is not registeredwith USA standards.  Be very carefull.  (Booklet does not have a usa contactphone) Has been totally inconvienent and agrivating.  How do you do businesswith dropped calls...you dont!!! just wanted a replacement phone seems easyBUT ONCE AGAIN FOR THE UMTEENTH TIME, PAID FOR SHIPPING TO SEND BACK AND LOWAND BEHOLD WE RECIEVED THE SAME EXACT PHONE BACK.  THIS IS TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE!EVEN MORE IRRATATING TO  TAKE TIME TO GIVE REVIEW.

Love this phone. The best smartphone I've ever used. This one is from Germany so you need to change the language in the setup wizard when you start up for the first time.

I love this phone. windows phone operate sisteme is quite good. I like the dessigne. bad point, I can't use in 3g network since it works for 1,2,6 3g bands and I was expecting the one for 1,8 3g bands

Purchased the unlocked Lumia 800 to replace a dying HTC Sensation on Tmobile and I have to say that the transition was painless. Windows 7.5 is a breeze to use -makes Android and iOS seem cluttered in comparison- and the hardware is absolutely stunning. Never had a phone made so well. The Sensation was child's play in comparison.There's no option to put a background wallpaper, hopefully something Microsoft will iron out as this OS grows, but there are other options for customization. The Lumia doesn't support TMobile's 3G band, but there's no noticeable lag. The Edge actually works about as well as the 4G on the Sensation. You've got to cut the sim card to fit into the mini-Sim slot but it's not a major concern if you purchase a SIM-cutter or get your carrier to cut it for you. The camera takes O.K. pictures, there is an autofocus that helps but overall there are better cameras but it's decent enough unless you're shooting professional photos on your phone.ProsBeautiful HardwareGreat ScreenIntuitive O.S.Great with Windows computers and XboxConsLackluster CameraNo wallpaperSuite of apps is not as large as iOS or AndroidNo wallpaper

Well made, clean design, good display. Very durable; replaced a Nexus, which is more fragile than Cinderella's glass slipper.... Delivered quickly, excellent condition (looked new, which is what was promised). Windows operating system is OK; Windows apps need more development. Tried SIMs from different carriers, worked on Sprint, Verizon and T-Mobile (I don't have AT&T). I do recommend this phone.

the charger did not work was not charging phone, i had to buy a replacement charger for the phone, and the phone does not hold charge all day have to keep charging it  this is the first ever nokia phone i have brought and had so much problems with steups

Too slippery though good phone.I am actually looking forward to buy new one . If they can improve the texture fine. The glass is too fragile.

Moved to Windows platform from Android, haven't been much of a iOS fan since it seems too boring now.  This is a keeper, the OS itself is very smooth and has an amazing response.  Of course the windows marketplace is nothing compared to App store, but it will look like App store in may be an year.If using it in US like me, make sure you get Straight Talk with AT&T; Micro simcard package, its the best plan for this phone out there, DO NOT get T-mobile since it only gives you Edge speeds on this phone, Edge is very very slow.Also, I read other comments about battery problems.  So far I havent seen any, I've seen it run for a couple of days before I need to charge.  Of course I don't use a lot of data, browse a couple of times a day at most.

First of all, if you are buying this listing you are getting a european version which supports only 3G bands - UMTS 2100, UMTS 1900 and UMTS 900. AT&T; uses UMTS 1900 & 850 bands. So you are missing support 850 band. Nokia has another version of the Lumia which supports - 2100, 1900 and 850. AT&T; deploys the 1900 or/and 850 networks depending the traffic and usage. So in many areas you would see a lower 3G performance compared to other AT&T; devices. I faced this issue in San Diego - La Jolla. So if you are planning to buy Lumia 800, wait until Nokia releases it in Feb 2012 through microsoft store. I am pretty sure Amazon also would carry stock of the Lumia 800 US version.Keeping this version aspect aside, i am extremely impressed with Nokia Lumia 800. Let me list out the pros and cons before explaining the issues in detail ... I mainly compared this phone with Blackberry Bold 9900 and iPhone 4S - since all these phones feature the same modem chipset from Qualcomm. I expected the voice quality and cell coverage performance to be very similar. I am not going to compare this with an Android phone because i haven't used one !** PROS **[1] Polycarbonate body with AMOLED display gives this phone a solid look and feel. No more "Made in China", rather "Made in Finland" -> Solid quality and finish.[2] Microsoft OS 7.5 + Tiles is an absolute winner on this device.[3] MS Software has been developed predominantly on the QC8655 Chipset which features a single core 1.4 GHz Snapdragon + 3G modem. Since Nokia used the same chipset and being the primary vendor for Redmond OS, i believe the hardware and software design seems to have been very tightly coupled. Hence user interface and responsiveness to user action is top notch on this phone.[4] Without SIM card, you can use an app called Tango to make voice calls over Wi-Fi to other folks who have Tango. Tango app has been developed and distributed on iOS, Windows mobile, android and PC's as well. Email synchronization and MSFT exchange support is awesome.[5] Internet explorer browser on the phone is extremely well developed compared to the sluggish ones on windows mobile 6.5. I would treat the browsing experience to be on par with iPhone 4S.[6] Battery bug which many people are referring to was not observed on my device. So it is not like all the Lumia devices are affected. I see that the battery operates normally and it will last one full day on normal usage.[7] Zune marketplace and music management is pretty good. It's not the best, but it is getting better day by day.[8] Nokia Drive + Nokia Maps - This is probably going to feature only on Nokia WP phone, these two apps are extremely handy. First of all it offers free voice navigation, something that is lacking on my iPhone 4S and the maps can stay offline, still provide you the navigation ![9] Camera - 8 MP, Carl Zeiss lens - Awesome with pictures, but the software sucks ! They really need to update the camera application on the Nokia or Windows side ... This camera is capable of taking some awesome shots, given the right software.** CONS **[1] Battery life is only as good as any other smartphone. It will last only for one full day and not beyond that. Nokia's past reputation of long battery haul is busted on this phone.[2] Voice quality is average compared to Blackberry Bold 9900 & iPhone 4S which uses the same QC8655 chipset.[3] Cell coverage was a little poor - this could be attributed to the fact that this particular unit didn't support one of the 3G bands of AT&T.; I am guessing this would be better on the Lumia 800 US version and it should be comparable to Blackberry Bold 9900 and iPhone 4S.[4] Phone's charging port and SIM card slot have an awkward design. I would prefer to have both of them on the side.[5] Coming from Nokia i would expect a slot for additional memory storage as well.[6] You need a windows account to setup your phone. I am not really a fan of this aspect ![7] Syncing contacts to WP phone via Mac is a big headache. As such there are no straightforward steps to do that. You have to export all the contacts to a different format, sync them to your windows mail account and then its get's automatically loaded to your phone ( assuming you have setup email/contacts/calendar based on your windows mail account ).[8] Traversing the email application is quite a challenge. I opened an email thread in my inbox and i could not find a way to return to my inbox right away. I had to read from the particular message all the way to the most recent message in the thread and then return to Inbox.** OVERALL ** - Microsoft/Nokia have struck a winning combination with the Nokia Lumia 800. MSFT marketplace is growing pretty rapidly and i am sure in the next one year or so, there would be plethora of apps to cover everyone's needs. At this point the marketplace cannot compete with Apple iOS but it definitely beats the crap out of a Blackberry.Nokia has truly turned around and have done an excellent job of tying the MSFT OS & their hardware. This is a perfect arrangement and they have set extremely high standards for any other windows phone competitor. They are also making sure they enter the LTE segment with Lumia 900. This is a step in right direction ...Microsoft has been squandering till now with the WP OS. But now they have made a complete turnaround with the Metro UI and tight integration of their software with Nokia hardware. Microsoft should continue promoting the OS and make sure the user experience is top notch. There are some short comings on the UI, which they are probably aware of and will fix in future releases. MSFT should ensure the WP market is lucrative for application developers to jump on and port their application from iOS or Android platform.If you are looking for an iPhone alternative, then this is the phone for you ! If data transfer speeds are important then wait for Nokia Lumia 900 !

I purchased the Nokia Lumia 800 as a replacement for a dead BB.Pros:Design qualityBattery life (actual)FastBeautiful screen/deep blacksCall quality is excellentGreat wifi radioFast camera button responseCons:Battery indicator is incorrectThe charging port is under a weird door AND is on top of the phone, making using it while plugged in a hasslePentile Matrix (this is a con to some people, I guess. But it looks great to me)

Was looking to upgrade for a while now and saw this phone during Cyber Monday sales for just $300. It arrived and everything so far is great.

My husband got the phone. He didn't like it, we returned it. It didn't fit his needs. Not a helpful review, sorry.

First of all, I've been a Nokia junkie for years - N95, N97, N97 Mini, N900, N8, N9, and now this - their first unlocked Windows phone. I really wanted to like this phone, but I've got major issues with this one.  Every Nokia unlocked (except the N900) has worked flawlessly on my AT&T; account. This guy has a MAJOR flaw - no data connection and no MMS on the AT&T; network.  A minor issue is that it doesn't work with Nokia Suite, so I can't sync my contacts and calendar that way anymore.  You need to go through Windows Live.  Not a big deal, but I just don't like having MS (or Google - Android) having my personal info.Apparently, there was a patch for the network issue, but I just received the phone today and the first thing I did was to apply software updates.  It appears that the patch that should have fixed the problem is no longer available or doesn't work once you've updated the phone.Unless/until Nokia fixes this, I'd recommend staying away from this unit if you're on AT&T.;UPDATE*********Things are slightly better. Got the network to work over AT&T; - as per one of the other reviewers, set up wap.cingular as apn (that's all!). However, the Network Setup app on the marketplace is no longer out there.  There are links to it on the net, but it won't install. Complains about wrong firmware version or no support for AT&T.; Nokia announced that this unit will be for sale unlocked in the US in February. Hopefully there will be a patch by then for AT&T.;UPDATE 2(1/22/12) **********Network Setup app is back online with Nokia.  Now recognize AT&T; network.  I'm able to get on line and send media texts.Now this device is a keeper!

I bought this Nokia Lumia 800, it was working ok. But one day it did not turned on any more. Only 2 months of use and it stopped working. And the worst part is that the HASSLEFREECELL sold me this cellphone with an Europe warranty, I can not fix it in US.

Very comfortable phone with excellent power management. Fast charging, never overheating, for my use the battery lasts 2 times longer than the Galaxy S2. The screen is excellent, and pretty good in full daylight.Special alert:cloud/Skydrive dependency, you absolutely need a permanent high-speed connexion. Syncing music and pictures through Zune works well,looks good and confusing. Draw back: the pictures that you import from your PC or external camera are not resized, so you must do that on your PC, otherwise they swallow your memory.The tiles on the homepage are fine, still sometimes it is difficult to find back the path that you do not use very often. In several applications the writing is too small for comfort (especially in agenda).Up till here the Lumia is easily 4-5 stars. But a big deception if you need sync/communicate business with your PC. NO WAY. MS chooses to exclude (or in my case p.off) all its Outlook clients, and even Office (which is there but hellishly complicated). MS misses the oportunity to create its own eco-system around people who mix professional and private use of the phone: this is remarkable, and I am convinced, will haunt them. For professional use, forget it.Conclusion: great stand-alone phone, very superior to the Galaxy S2 (see my review), if you live in a high-speed internet area and do not need business applications.

maybe some apps aare missing but in general it is ok and is cheaper tan new models that cost mor tan 3 times

At first I was very excited to get this sleek new phone.  After I had it for a day, I was extremely disappointed. The battery died in less than a day with minimal usage.  I probably used the phone to talk on at most 15 minutes, used no data, played no games, and the battery was dead.  Not very good when you go out at night or just need a reliable phone.  If you are up at 8am and have the phone on --- by about 6pm you get a dead battery.I just can't see buying a phone that is completely dead before dusk.  You can't rely on this phone.  DON'T BUY IT.

I love the device...i just can't get MMS to work on AT&T. Everything else (web, email etc) is fine but no mms! Anyone else managed to fix this? None of the fixes on the web, like the Zune marketplace Nokia Network app can be downloaded here in the US

Gone in few months. And the part is difficult to get. So I had to buy a new phone. Total waste of money.

Does anybody else have that recurring nightmare where you wake up buried in a coffin and you have a cell phone and you try to use it to call help but maybe the screen freezes when you have half the number in, or it randomly shuts off, or just won't turn on no matter what you do, and you spend your last few minutes on this mortal coil screaming in frustration and using up what little oxygen you have even faster in some kind of sick cosmic joke that proves all existence is a fruitless, horrible endeavor?Me neither.  But that's what it feels like to use this phone.

excellent product, very nice, very good quality, I really liked it, is very elegant and can be used at any timeTHANKS

This phone rocks!Can anyone tell me if is safe to buy here? i am in portugal, my SIM card works with no problem?

happy with quality and shipment time. however, it was required for me to sign for the package and as a full time student and part time worker, I had to drive to the post office 30 minutes away to pick it up.

I love this phone, especially having come from a low-end Android. I used to be interested in the latest Android phones, but now their interfaces just look dated and tired. There's no going back once you've used the live tiles!

Estoy satisfecho con el producto recibido, el tel&eacute;fono es muy bueno y r&aacute;pido. En cuanto al vendedor lo recomiendo es muy responsable y puntual. Gracias!

Excellent phone better than IPhone!, easy to use, good looking phone! Love the apps. I highly recommend this phone to everyone!

I'm a Nokia fan. My last mobile was N95 which survived for 5 years. I've been delaying the change because none available in fact had impressed me, including iPhone (despite I agree it's an amazing mobile phone). When I watched the ads about Lumia 800 it's love at first sight. So I tested the product and no doubts about this would be my next mobile. Lumia 800 has an extraordinary screen (the colors are so vibrant), the navegation is really fast despite some people doubts for being a Windows Phone. Not compared to PC operational system. Only having one to understand this great experience.

is a quick phone without mishap Product arrived in excellent condition is freed to any carrier I dare say that the phone is one of the best that Nokia has released in the market

Great produto and features, really like it, the only thing is i did not know i needed a smaller chip, which i needed to cut (Very scary for me) but could do it with no problem. i would suggest adding some recommendations on how to do this if possible.

I have been a loyal NOKIA customer ever since my first cell phone, the legendary 6110 (and what a great phone that was!). Over the years I have upgraded or simply replaced a number of NOKIAs and my loyalty may have been tested at times but it was never scorned. Until recently.My latest6500swas at its last of its nine lives (after its second battery replacement and numerous drops) so I decided to bite the bullet and go shopping for a smartphone. I have always refused to submit to APPLE's fascism whereas I judged ANDROID's deep waters too dragon-rich for me, so a Windows Phone seemed to be my best option. Or so I thought.THE PHONE HARDWARE IS GREATIf I were to review the device itself, it would rate at 4.5 stars (and my past experience with NOKIA products would had made me round it up to a perfect score). Other than the flimsy USB door (that, in my case, I predict will not survive long enough to see the first snow) and the (cheap) plastic feel of the silver side buttons, the phone is perfect. Reception is good and sound quality (both sending and receiving) is excellent. Unfortunately, no matter how good the hardware may be,a smartphone is as good as its operating system. And the list of my grievances regarding the software is long...BASIC FUNCTIONS ARE MISSINGI know all about Apps, free and paid, and how they are supposed to enrich and personalize the experience smartphones get to offer. And after spending several afternoons raking the Windows Phone Marketplace I can tell you this: once a basic function gets yanked out, there is no getting it back intact!ALARM FAILSIt took me three days to find a CountDown Timer that is able to work after the screen saver lock kicks in. No such luck with the Alarm though. The Alarm will not work unless the phone is turned on. I have tried every suggested Alarm clock app and this problem remains. Apparently this is a well known problem. For over 2 years now!Think about it for a moment. Either at home or on a trip, you want to set the alarm before going to bed, turn the phone off (not only to preserve the precious battery juice but also to get some hours of privacy as well) and expect your phone to wake you up the next morning. But this is not allowed on a Windows phone! I have updated mine to WP7.8 but this function (as well as all that follow) is missing from the latest WP8 as well.Just because the iPhone does it this way, Microsoft, it does not mean it is the right way. Wake up! (apparently your alarm clocks did not go off either...)CHARGES ONLY IF TURNED ONWhen I bought my new LUMIA 800 I went to my cell phone service provider and requested a twin (micro)SIM card. Since I kept my old6500s, I tried charging my LUMIA while it was switched off (the provider does not allow both SIM cards to be active at the same time). Surprisingly, the Windows Phone either switched back on or (if turned off while connected to the charger) it simply refused to charge!Again, to appreciate the problem, keep in mind that a smartphone will need to be charged every single day for 2-3 hours.TOTALLY IDIOTIC SOUND LIMITATIONSWith my old phones if I wanted to use any sound or song as a ringtone, wakeup music, SMS sound or eMail alert, I could just choose one from the phone folders. Any mp3 or wma file would do. And I could transfer them there using a simple USB connection and NOKIA's Suite. Well, if MICROSOFT has its way, those days are over.First off, you have to use a PC to install their own suite, Zune. You have to use this interface to transfer and synchronize files between your PC and your Windows Phone. So far, no foul, Zune works fine. And then you decide that the generic chimes provided by Microsoft are crap and want to customize how your phone sounds. No go.NOKIA tried to fix this by releasing a free RingTone Maker (only available for NOKIA Windows Phones) but that too comes with ridiculous limitations: only sound files less than 2MB can be used and even then, only a 30 sec soundbyte can be made into a ringtone! Why do we even have 16GB phones if such 1990's limitations are to be in place?PLEASE CHOOSE YOUR CUSTOMIZATION STRAIGHT JACKETSmartphones have much larger screens than our old phones. Why can we not choose the size of the font and strain to discern the phone numbers of our contacts? (There is a Big Phonebook App but it has to import all your contacts and it does not auto-update every time it is used).Smartphones have far greater processing power. Why can we no longer switch our contacts between a list and card format? In the much larger screen I can see less information about each of my contacts than I did with my 6500s.Smartphones can now project 16,000,000 colors. Why can we not choose to change the color of each individual tile?Swiping from the right edge will take you to the Apps list. Why is swapping in the opposite direction not allowed? It is not reserved for anything, so why yet another counterintuitive limitation?Finally, where are our easy to use and trusted Profiles!? The movie is about to start, am I to go through the damn menu to silence my phone?The lack of Applications for theN9made me choose the LUMIA 800. As the days go by, I start to realize that I did not chose the lesser of two evils. And I have now seen the face of Evil. And its number was 7.8.

Overall good phone. I've always been a nokia person. However, I am disappointed that the bluetooth app does not work.

This phone is amazing. It's sleek and very cheap. I personally prefer it over iphone and android. Iphone and android users, you should definitively give this a shot. Just use for couple of days. I know the windows OS lacks in apps and other things. But you need to use this once and then judge it yourself. I cannot make you believe how amazing this phone is unless you use it.

im not really sure if it will work overseas. can you please tell me if it will work overseas. thanks

I love the way this phone works, its perfect for me.  It arrived on time and in perfect condition. Couldn't ask for a better phone.

I love this phone. It takes excellent pictures. Downloading apps is a breeze. Just one problem - the font is too small when sending an SMS. Email font can be changed. But not text fonts. Frustrating.

Nokia Lumia 900 - Best LTE phone ever. Much more user friendly than the retro looking iPhone and much more secure than any Android phone

I love this phone, as my first Windows Phone I was excited to have it the price I got it.

Love this phone I tried it out at a nokia booth in london ...That said is this phone worth $640 ? I dont think so ... considering the competition its preety pricey .. you can get a galaxy s 2 for $540 and does come with a dual core processor etc..Think about that before you buy this one ...But you wont be disappointed with this phone because it s a NOKIA after all ...I think a price around $500 is more appropriate ..

The product was as I expected, I recommend making the purchase and try it. Do not know what else to say .. thanks

Let's talk positives first - the device is rock solid with a fantastic build and feels great in the hand! The screen is gorgeous, with its curved bezel and clear black colors, awesome! Now the bad - the listing is misleading, this device doesn't work on AT&T; 3G unless you are in an area that has two of AT&T; less common frequencies. I could only connect to EDGE, so I returned the device. I am hoping for a quick turnaround as the return shipping process was a breeze, just hoping for no issues once they get it back.I am going to wait for Microsoft to start carrying a rumored US optimized Lumia 800 or possibly even the Lumia 900 directly from AT&T;.

The phone is great but the camera does not work and I too it to Nokia here in Greece where I live and they order a part and I am waiting to see will I have to pay for ths part or is it under garentee?

I bought this phone because I had held and played with it in Germany.  Prior I had no idea what the big deal of a Nokia phone was.  The hardware far exceeds any othe phone maker.  The curved glass rises over the bezel which makes a seamless swipe. The operating system is flawless and a joy to use. I get over a day of battery life and use Nokia's nav for turn by turn directions.  The phone also works on AT&T flawlessly. The only problem I have is where do I go from here.

Great camera but very poor while using video-camera in Skype: doesn't provide perfect video, one could see only shapeless colorful spots at the screen. So, i'm only 50% satisfied.

i bought this to a friend , The mobile phone is good looking , easy to use , however it lacks lots of features and apps and also languages , may be because windows phone is just on its start , but in my openion an Iphone or Galaxy nexus is better than this phone ...

Windows Phone is awesome! it works as it should and I seldom or ever have a problem with it.don't hesitate, get a windows phone

i decide to buy this phone cuz i get in love with the shape of it, i dont like the ugliest HTC or SAMSUNG phones, i really dont have any interest on buy a windows phone but i dont really want invest my money on the n9 cuz i dont wanna have a phone without support in few months (im no saying that it going to happen. but if it happen i dont wanna have the phone in my hands).so i decide to buy this one, im shocked with the speed of the phone, its really really fast, my wife have an iphone4 and it look slow after using the lumia 800 for a while, i think the people that buy a phone only for its processor or the ram they dont really know what they want in their phones, cuz a dual core procesor doesn't means that the phone its gona be faster, i know a lot of friends with android phones, this phone looks more fluid and faster than any android phone out there. windows phone run very nice.the way how it manage your contact its weird at the beginning but when you figure out how too manage the people hub, it transform your contact list in a window of information of all the people that you know, with a few tabs you can see the lastest pictures, the last comments in all their social networks, you can have all the information about them, phone numbers, addresses, birthdays dates, pictures, all. the phone can do that cuz it link the different social networks of your friends and show the information by the name of the person, my wife said to me that i should be careful with that phone cuz if any one get it can know all about my friend life's in a few seconds. and it do the same with the messages. you have all the information centralized in one place.the phone feels great in your hand, is little more heavy than the iphone4 but its feel like a solid and high quality device.i download a lot of different apps, weather, encyclopedias, message (whatsapp and kik), picture editor, sport apps, the office its just amazing. If you like to play i really recommend this phone cuz its like a xbox portable with the xbox hub, i bought a game called tentacle, i love it, its run smooth and fast.and i know that more are comming so in that matter i dont feel the need of more.the signal reception its AMAZING, the calls are GREAT loud and clear. as a phone are the best thing i ever ever used. good for nokia, i dont know if are the materials or whatever but surfing the web and making calls i can see a notable difference with this phone.if you like to have a different phone that work better than the phone that everybody have (iphone and androids) i really recommend you to give this a opportunity you wont regret it.

I was really looking forward to trying a nokia phone a long time ago. I am really happy with it because after awhile and easy user instructions I got the hang of it. What I don't like about it is that you can't access files directly like in an android phone. You need to download zune and do it through there. I like easy hassle free things and this I hate. Also I can't see the calendar starting on Monday and showing me the number of the week which is important for me. Besides that, it is great because of all the other features, but the things I don't like are important to me, so I'll think twice next time I buy another phone

I purchased the Nokia Lumia 800 this summer and it quickly becomes one of my favorite phone. The screen is very responsive and the phone is fast. Camera quality is acceptable and the weight of the phone is just right. Battery life is about a day and a half. The only thing I don't like about this phone is the operating system situation. The current OS on my Lumia is WP 7.5 and it can only be upgraded to 7.8 in the future, not the latest WP8. It's still a quality phone given the price.

Am long term iphone (3,4, 4S)(brief 5) user. Have had galaxy 3s for past 4+ months. Tried lumina for possibility of simpler operation with less bloat ware. I took it back to AT&T after a few hours. I must say it most non intuitive device I have come across. The phone contact set up is strange and complicated. After the screen goes dark after non use for period, I had to swipe down and power up and turn back on for a slow boot up. I have gone back to the galaxy 3  with renewed enthusiasm and appreciation for the fine device it is. Will probably go back to iphone if the next on comes out with a larger screen and a glass back that won't show it's age. Anyway, I hope this helps those still looking.

phone was brand spanking new,works great so far,a real nifty phone,seller shipped very fast,the phone is not branded by any network which is the best thing ever as im from south africa

It worked perfect in Venezuela (Movistar)

excelente el celular uno de los mejores gran sentido de responsabilidad con los env&iacute;os de los productos que son comprados por esta v&iacute;a.

The worst phone I have ever had. Absolutely unreliable, the warranty had to replace it 6 times in the first 2 month until I finally was &#34;lucky&#34; enough to get a working one. Windows phone is extremely boring, no fun apps, not even instagram. Most apps don't work in background. Finally  it slipped out of my hand, fell on the floor and the screen shattered. Finally I am free from this nightmare!

My Iphone was a piece of garbage both software and hardware wise with crashes, app crashes, terrible battery life, closed IOS limitations, terrible connectivity, way to delicate if dropped or hit and worthless updates that further crippled the phone due to Apple wanting you to buy a new one each year.  I tried an Iphone 4S and had the same exact problems as it was the exact same phone with a different shape slightly as is the new Iphone 5 it seems lol.  So as with my mac OSX days I ditched Apple for Microsoft with a brand new, way faster and less limited PC and a new Nokia Lumia Windows Phone 7.  I was amazed at how much faster, easier to use, reliable, better connectivity, better reception and much better Windows phone 7 OS was than the slow garbage I had been using.  The design of this device even shines as the housing itself is solid and can take hard drops or hits easily without exploding like the Iphone and the pictures are way better and even has "auto fix" for photo's.  Very happy and cannot wait for the Nokia Lumia 920 which has actual great improvement in both software and hardware designs unlike was Apple Iphone, mac or OSX release.  Great job Microsoft.  This is the smartphone of the future and with the coming MS Surface, Ipad will be a dated childrens toy.  Oh and even Siri when asked what is the best smartphone ever replied "Nokia Lumia 800"  That was before of course Apple patched it to say "There are other smartphones?"  &lt;----look it up it's fact.  There you go great purchase, amazing phone.* The next update Windows Phone 7.8 is comming soon so give these smartphones Windows 8 functionality.  So if you get either a Lumia 800 or 820 or 900 you will have the best functionality and mobile OS available weather it be Windows 8 or 7.8.

I was after a(n unlocked) Lumia phone but not at the high prices seen on the stores.Finally found this offer and took the chance.Great Phone, great experience with the OS. (I am converting from a Nokia N8)

awesome! very fluent! i think it is the best smartphone that i have used. I am a big fan of nokia.

I just got this phone a month ago and my camera already damagei dont likei have it,thank you

Pros:- Sleek, modern, simple design- Sturdy construction (I've owned for nearly 2 years and only just recently got a blemish in the body from dropping. I've dropped it many times without any damage. Still no real performance problems)- No need for case- Scratch resistant screen (I've never had a scratch and have never used a screen protector)- WP7.5 is easy to use, intuitive, unique, stylish, and the &#34;live tiles&#34; make this the best operating system available in my mind- The People hub integrates Facebook, Twitter, contacts, etc in a way that makes using the apps almost completely unnecessary which I loveCons:- Windows decided not to support/continue developing the WP7.5 OS! Only buy if you don't need too many new apps. It's probably a good phone for those looking for the most basic functionality in the smartphone category- The corners are little too sharp and can be slightly uncomfortable to hold for extended periods of time.- The camera software seems to diminish the quality camera hardware. My wife's S3 takes better photos.

Nokia has always had great design language and Lumia 800 speaks it. Holding the phone just feels so natural, very well made. The finish doesn't look cheap at all. I love the curved glass on the front, it makes swiping very comfortable and the display just melts into the phone. I think this was Nokia's last phone that deserves a place in Industrial Design museum. Overall I put this phone just below Google's Nexus and below (by far) iPhone.What I loved:-great design-battery life is pretty good-great display-modern Windows Phone 7.5 OS-usability and ease of use-internet share-connectivity with social networks-Microsoft Office apps-Exchange and Outlook support-touch-typing-all apps look consistent, unlike Android.-Nokia mapsWhat made me return the phone:-Windows Phone has no apps-some apps are just a good try but not what I expect from a smartphone (looking at you, Yelp)-Internet Explorer 9 is not what you expect in 2012, maybe 2005. Most websites render for feature phones, very limited.-multitasking is confusing-Bluetooth car stereo support is almost to none (most phones I had show singer and song when playing, this phone does not)-processing speed and memory is a bit off, when listening to online radio and browsing the web, the radio breaks up and stops, almost like the phone can't handle the streaming-syncing phone with MAC and PC is a complete JOKE. Couldn't sync with iTunes on MAC. Tried syncing with PC, worked first time, then gave errors.Again, this phone feels more like it's from previous generation and probably will be great for most people. Microsoft has a lot of catching up, and Nokia just waking up. I just hope it's not too late for both.

Phone was new,in unopen originla box. Working great.Have colllor manual books,and other accesories. Phone is very speedly and looking very slim...

Just fantastic, I love it!!!, really like the design...everything is perfect a controriori windows market need some improvement. I surely recommend this phone.

FUnctions are very fast, but the best thing is the touch. The menus respond very very fast to our touch. It's wonderful.

Don't buy this phone unless you have perfect vision.  The numbers in your telephone contacts and your text messaging is in a ridiculously small font which is not adjustable.  The font is so small that I can barely make it out when I am wearing my reading glasses, and impossible to read without them.  Microsoft apparently has no intention of fixing this problem, as they recently released a software update which allows you to adjust the size of the huge tiles, but not the tiny font.  I guess they don't bother to read any of the feedback on the Nokia, or Microsoft Phone websites, where many people have complained about this problem.  Additionally, the little cover over the USB charging port broke about two weeks after I bought the phone.  This would not be a huge problem, except that without the usb cover in place, the other cover over the SIM card and the battery is loose, and comes off easily (very poor design).  I regret not doing my homework better before buying this phone.

i bpught it for my son and he's very happy with it, nothing to envy to iphone and it's easy to use, can download many apps without any problems

I have had this phone for over two weeks now and I don't think I can go back to my Samsung Focus because the design and comfort of the Lumia 800 is amazing compared to other Windows Phones (WP).  Setup was a breeze; all of Nokia's services work as advertised; right out the box I was able to connect to AT&T; HSPA network (where available). I did have to buy a SIM cutter to cut my Focus SIM to fit into the 800, since it uses a micro SIM.Overall my experience has been great, however, the MAJOR problem I have with this phone is the camera. The problem was so major I contacted Amazon to return the phone to the seller. As I've mentioned I have a Samsung Focus, which takes pretty decent photos for a 5MP camera; my iPhone 3g also took decent photos, but when is came to the Lumia 800, after correctly changing the camera settings STILL takes TERRIBLE photos.Other issues I have with this phone are:1. battery life2. Missing features native to WP. i.e.  a bunch of camera settings, available on all other WP, are missing3. Although the screen is of EXCELLENT quality, it is too dim/light and has a dark tint to it. Only when the brightness is set to high, using WP light theme, does the screen pop.My recommendation: if you are going to spend $600+ on a phone and you are looking for a phone with a great camera, screen, and battery life get a HTC Titan or an iPhone 4s.

I have using for about 2 days n i am in love with windows os.the build quality is the best and phone feels good in hands, screen is amazing

After dealing with a few months of Android on my CM7 based tablet, I decided it was time to do something different rather than deal with Apple's creepy tendencies as of late or Android's excessive clutter/poor design/tendency to crash non-stop. So I came to Windows phone 7. I looked amongst the windows phones and initally found the Lumia 900 but alas, it was locked. Then I saw this phone and it seemed to fit the bill. So I ordered it and a few days later, a lumia 800 came to my doorstep. I followed the instructions on the slip of paper inserted in the packaging guiding me through changing the language from German to English (don't worry, it tells you the exact german phrases to press on so that you aren't flying bad), transferred my music transferred over with the Zune utility, gave it a full charge, got it activated at T-mobile with a prepaid plan (seriously, don't bother with subsidised plans, T-mobile prepaid monthly plans are the best bang for the buck) and i was off with Windows Phone 7. The camera takes very good pictures for what it is. I was taking a lot of pictures of the city and i got comments that they came out very well. They seem very sharp and detailed. The phone gets very good battery life, roughly 15 hours with heavy web browsing use. The phone is quite durable and has a nice Gorilla Glass screen so its fine even if you have it in your pocket with your keys. I don't get 3G on the phone at the moment except for a few locations throughout Minneapolis however, this is because T-mobile has not fully rolled out 3G on the bands this phone requires at this point. I can bear with EDGE for the moment given my tasks. Besides, bandwidth caps will deter you from doing anything heavy in terms of streaming, no? All in all, this is the best phone I have ever used. Its sad that it won't be able to be upgraded to Windows Phone 8 but many of those features wouldn't be relevant to a windows phone 7 user anyways (dual-core CPU support doesn't matter if you have a single core processor, support for higher screen resolution doesn't matter if your screen already is beneath that resolution). Still, its worth buying.

Product need the invoice please send a copy to the email johnlive77@hotmail.com COMMERCIAL INVOICE Request Product commercial invoice need to release me

I totally love my new phone, I couldn't be more happier if I wanted to. TV and pictures don't do justice to this product.I bragged about it and my brother is planning to get one. This is a well deserve treat for my self, Thank you Nokia and Thank you Microsoft for this phone, LOVE it!!

I think Lumia 800 is the best Windows Phone out there.Good design, feels like a quality product. I can recommend it!

I got this phone 2 weeks ago, and every day I discover a new reason to be very happy about my decision to buy Nokia Lumia 800. The performance of the touch screen is really good. I was a bit afraid that windows phones would have much less apps, but all the apps I knew from Iphone or Android phones that wanted I was able to find. Compared to Lumia 900, the screen is a bit smaller but for me that was a plus, because too big phones are uncomfortable to carry (at least to me, considering that I always like to have my phone in my pocket), plus, the 900 unlocked was $300 more expensive. The battery life us very good. I usually charge it while I am sleeping, get-up at 7-8 am and do not need to re-charge it during the day. When I go to sleep, about 12 am, the phone still has some battery charge so I'd say for me it's been lasting more than 14-16h. The colors, the quality of the graphics are outstanding. The only thing that would make this phone even better is a front camera to be able to skype and a better camera for taking pictures. The pictures are not bad, actually, but they are clearly less quality than old my sony dsc 6 megapixels, which I bought in 2005. One of the features I like the most from this phone (shared with other nokia smartphones) is the stand alone GPS. It's like having a GPS included in the phone without the need of data usage. I also have a GPS in my car and I made them work together and I'd say the phone is actually better than the GPS. It is very useful to be able to download the maps for different cities, countries, etc for free. I can use the phone while walking in a city I have never been in before and have my nokia lumia tell me exactly how to get where I want through my earphones. So convenient!I think this is a highly recommendable cell phone!

I dropped it several times, since I brought it. It's just unbreakable, so it's real Nokia. WP7 is the best operating system for mobile devices. Very responsive, smooth, fast browsing, perfect voice command recognition, great display.I love this phone.

Won a free Nokia Lumia 800 form Microsoft in an App submission contest.  Gave it to my son and he loves it!Nokia has done an excellent job making their 1st generation windows phone. It is very polished, sleek and feels like a high quality well built device.  The only disappointment is that they did not go far enough. The Nokia Lumia 800 is good, but the upcoming Nokia Lumia 900 is the phone I look forward to for myself. I currently have a Samsung Focus which is a fantastic phone.  Even though the Nokia Lumia 800 is newer, I would say I like it equally compared to my Focus.Keep going Nokia because your on a roll. Don't let the Lumia series coast or else Nokia will fade away...

Since two weeks I have been using Nokia Lumia 800 and I have to say the following:great phone with great design and Windows Mobile OS is fantastic!first setup was very easy, add your Nokia and Win Live accounts, setup Outlook, Linkedin or any other social networking accountsOutlook is working fine, you can add multiple mail accounts ( like Hotmail, Nokia mail etc...)wireless works with good quality and connectivitycombined social networking app updates on one application ( one tile )smooth browsergood cameraOffice integratedgreat turn by turn navigation and Nokia MapsSkydrive with 25GB storage on cloud! No need for SD card slot!Nokia TuneIn radio is fantasticlot of apps already on MarketplaceLive tilesSolid hardwareetc...I miss only the HDMI connection, but TV-out at least gives a possibility to connect to TV with std quality!APPS:Good apps for the phone:Amazon Kindle reader clientFourSquareCNNHRS hotel searchWorld TVReuters FinanceTuneIn radioWeather ( The Weather Channel )YouTube clientBBC NewsMonopolySkyDriveetc...

This phone is awesome. When you hold it is just amazing! Its feel very nice in your hands.The design of the Lumia 800 exceeds the iPhone!Windows Phone 7.5 is very fast. You have a lot of apps on the marketplace.It has the last firmware (12070) with the battery problem fixed.The battery lasted me up to 27 hours with normal use.Something that I miss from Nokia is the bluetooth file transfer.The camera take beatiful pictures and videos.I hope that WP 7.5 Refresh be available soon for this Lumia.The Nokia Maps and Bing Maps are more updated that the Google maps.

(This review is about the phone, not Windows Phone 7)I'll start by saying I'm a technology junkie - my last 5 phones have been the Samsung Galaxy II, HTC Desire HD, Google Nexus Phone, Droid, iPhone 4.It's an absolutely gorgeous phone, and feels great in the hand.  One of the biggest negative comments I've read is about the cover for the charging port, but I absolutely love it - my other phones would gather dust in there over time, not this - and it's easy to open, I have a hard time picturing it breaking unless I just treat it like garbage.You get EDGE on T-Mobile, but that works fine for me - 80% of the time I'm around WiFi anyway.Battery life has been superb, and that's with WiFi and GPS turned on all day, and the screen on it's brightest setting.  Always makes me laugh when I see screenshots people post from their iPhones, majority of the time the battery is showing less than 50%. :)Sound quality on calls is actually very good, that was a negative I'd read about it elsewhere.  I've not had a problem at all.Speakerphone for music is a B/B-, but I plug it up to a set of external speakers anyway so it's not really an issue.If you want a larger phone, obviously wait for the Lumia 900 to arrive on AT&T; this Spring... but if you're like me and like a phone you can operate with one hand, this is a perfect size, perfect performance, and looks stunning.**EDIT**I did the unthinkable yesterday - as I was getting out of my car, my phone was in my lap and launched through the air onto the concrete garage floor, bounced a couple of times, and skidded a few more inches before halting.  I just froze, knowing that just a few days earlier I had taken off the case that came with it, because I wanted the sleek feel of the phone in my hand when I used it.I took a deep breath, bent down and picked up the phone, and took it inside under the kitchen lights to review the damage.  Once I'd brushed off the dust and other junk it had accumulated on my garage floor (don't judge me!), I realized that there wasn't a scratch on it.  NOT ONE!  I have no idea what part of the phone it first landed on from 5 feet up, because I couldn't see any damage.  The screen is fine, no chips or scratches from the floor, I can't believe it.  Still wouldn't recommend doing it, but I feel much better now!

Bought this phone for my wife and I love that she loves it,so much so that I am upgrading from my iPhone 4 to the Lumia 920 was always a Nokia lover but after the E-71 I thought Nokia was lagging behind so I switched to iPhone.....happy to say I AM BACK !!!!

This is advertised as an unlocked phone that will work on any GSM network. That isn't true. I can make calls and send texts on AT&T;'s network, but it will not send or receive data over celluar. Data works when connected to WiFi. The phone is basically crippled.When it works on WiFi, it is amazing. Windows Phone is better than iPhone or Android. Just beware of the limitations of buying this T-Mobile model that starts in German and only has instructions in German.

My friends like this cell phone. And it works well with Chinese Mobile one of the biggest carriers in China.

In the hand, it just makes you feel good. The windows operating system although good can become better. I can't wait until the windows phone, Xbox, Bing, Kinect, Surface, computer start to merge.  I feel phones like this will become an excellent interface to our digital lives.also,Inspiring design.

I have had Android, iPhone and other Windows Phones. This phone is my favorite phone by a landslide. The fit and finish of this phone is second to none. My only regret is waiting this long to make the move.When it comes to social media, communication (texting, instant messaging), taking pictures, the Windows Phone is just so much faster and easier than any of the other phones I have owned. It's really like the normal things people do on a phone has just been thought out better and it requires fewer clicks.Socia media - Facebook, Live, LinkedIn and Twitter all all integrated. You can see all of your updates, or respond to your friends from one location, the People hub. It also shows all of your friends pictures from all of the different social media apps in the single location. No need to launch each app to see what's happening. Awesome!Communication - Threaded communication means that your Facebook or Live instant messages and texting is all in the same place. When you go to text someone, you can instantly see if they are online with one of the other apps and you can chat where they are...of if they are offline, go ahead and text. Again, no need to launch the different apps to get in touch with friends.Zune software is incredible. I now pay $9.99 per month for a subscription and I can download as much music as I want...so can my wife and so can my kids...or we can stream music to the PC's, Mac, or Xbox....all for $9.99. On the phone, hear a song you like, click on the search button and then click on the music button...it identifies the song and you can simply download it right there. My personal favorite is going into artists I like and swiping to see similar or related artists and downloading other music I wouldn't have considered.Taking pictures with this phone is great. As soon as I got the phone, there was an update so I am not sure if the update improved the camera, but based on some other comments, I would have to assume that is the case. Regardless, the dedicated camera button means that I can take the locked phone out of my pocket and I can push the button which automatically turns the phone on, unlocks it and goes into the camera for snapping a picture. You can have it set to automatically upload to Skydrive or Facebook, or you can simply click to post...I heard someone describe it as "pocket, to picture, to post"...it really is nice.Apps: The apps are great. I downloaded every app that I have on my iPad and on my Kindle fire. The only app I am missing was audible. Otherwise, the apps that I had on my other devices are also available on the Windows Phone. For games, it's also pretty cool that the Xbox integration displays all of my info including my Avatar. Not a big deal for me, but it's kind of fun.On Tmobile, I can only get 2G or Edge network. I know that there will be times where that will probably matter, but I find that 70% of the time, my phone is connected to wifi instead of cell when I am in a place where I might be searching for stuff. On the other hand, the Nokia GPS downloads the maps, so cell connection for GPS isn't necessary. Most of the apps download stuff in the background, so compared to my previous tmobile 4G phone, I can honestly say, I haven't noticed any difference. I will probably have to try some side by side cell tests to see the difference. . .bottom line, if you are in a place to have a cell signal, it works fine. If you don't have good reception (you wouldn't have a faster network connection anyway), so it's no different. Driving down the road, I hold the Windows button for voice commands and I ask for an address. It finds the address quickly and then provides the turn-by-turn...if that works quickly, then everything else is pretty easy.Only negative...no forward facing camera. However, again, after having the iPhone and an Android phone that had one...I can say that it's really more of a gimmick for me. At the end of the day, if I am going to be sitting in a place to do a video call, I wouldn't be doing it on my phone. Still, I think it was a dumb move not to include the FF camera.After seeing my phone, my wife just ditched her Android phone and went to Tmobile today...she bought the Lumia 710 (4G).Well done Nokia!

I purchased the Lumia 800 as a replacement for a dead HD7. I was honestly just about done with the Windows Mobile platform due to the poor experience I had with the HTC. I'm really glad I pulled the trigger on this phone. First, on T-Mobile you will lose 3G. The radio only supports AT&T;'s 3G band in the US. It does have support for T-Mobile's 4G frequency, but I doubt the radio supports 4G and currently the OS doesn't either, natively. So don't hold out hope for a ton of data streaming to this thing. That being said, I really am noticing how little data I actually use. Yeah, Netflix isn't great over Edge, but the phone's great WiFi radio has worked for every hotspot I've tried. My HD7 failed to connect to WiFi about 50% of the time, so this is a huge win for the Nokia.Battery life on the phone is much better than people are saying. Part is likely due to the fact that I am not using 3G, but part is owed to a bug in battery reporting in Nokia's software. So you will see lower battery than your phone really has, but the phone will still have plenty. I have done a full two day run without a charge and a couple of heavy Doodle God sessions were had.I am also not seeing any issue with the camera. In fact, the photos are much more vibrant and clear than my cousin's Focus (v1, mind you). And compared to the HD7 - which was like punishment for trying to take photos on a phone - it might as well be a DSLR. The Zeiss glass is clear and the focus is solid. Nokia doesn't pack in all of the bells and whistles in terms of camera options, but the default ones from the OS aren't horrible.GPS has been stellar. Great locks, great accuracy...Glympse is a dream to use. Like other customers have said, go with the Nokia GPS for turn by turn.The curved glass and solid body design make the phone feel really great in hand. Not cheap in the least. The phone feels solid and comfortable. The supplied gel skin case is a nice bonus and looks very good without adding much thickness at all.Pros:Design qualityBattery life (actual)FastBeautiful screen/deep blacksCall quality is excellentGreat wifi radioFast camera button responseCons:No T-Mobile band (not really a big deal, honestly)Battery indicator is incorrectThe charging port is under a weird door AND is on top of the phone, making using it while plugged in a hasslePentile Matrix (this is a con to some people, I guess. But it looks great to me)Phone will likely kill you if placed in that box from Transformers by John Turturro.Over all, a hard 5 stars. I love my phone again.

The phone itself was great but the accessories were not as expected ... I tried charging my device when I got, it but it was not charging so i had to use my previous Nokia charger.

Bought this unlocked phone for a mobile service outside of the US. The Windows Phone OS is interesting, this was my first real encounter with metro styling and it's good - it's fast, smooth and is at least the same UE as iOS/iPhone. However, beware of the upcoming new Windows Phone OS, there will be incompatibility issues with this/current version.The phone itself is rectangular shape, slightly bigger than iPhone and has smudge free screen.The package arrived in time, had instructions on how to change language from German to English (phone had German set as a default language).

As someone surrounded by friends with iOS and Android devices I've got to give it to this phone for being able to impress them to the point of being speechless (and when they do speak it's "Wow" or "my phone can't do that"). The OS is absolutely beautiful, the screen is amazing and everything runs like butter. Seriously, if you're unsure about buying this phone then all you need to do is to hold one in your hand for a few seconds and your decision will be made for you. A great job by both Nokia and Microsoft in everything from hardware design, to software design.Don't let the negative press about the lack of apps fool you. As of right now, the marketplace has 50,000 apps and from what I've read it's increasing at the rate of a few hundred apps per day. It's more than you want, has everything you need, and you're actually a lot less reliant on apps because of the way Windows Phone works. For those that are really concerned then yes there are fart apps on there too.I believe there's enough information and rave reviews about this phone online to help convince you so I'll throw in a few words about the seller. Global Mobiles did a great job of shipping and packaging, with the Lumia Box coming inside another Black Box all inside of the larger Amazon box. Global Mobiles was also kind enough to include printed instructions on how to get the phone in English (it boots up in German but you just have two clicks to make it English) and an adapter for the charger as the Lumia currently only comes with a Europe type charger. Absolutely satisfied with everything and happy I made this purchase

This phones build quality and industrial design are superb, it makes the iphone feel outdated (at least until the iphone 5 comes out).The specs on this phone don't look impressive when compared to some other smartphones running android, but that's because windows phone doesn't need so much power to get good performanceThe OS itself is so much easier to use compared to my Evo's android OS (I haven't tried Android 4/ICS, I wonder how it compares), the tiles make everyday tasks a lot simpler and easier and not having to open different apps to see what my friends are up to is great (I'm seeing a lot of updates I would've missed in the past)Nokia also adds a turn-by-turn navigation app called Nokia Drive, that's nice because most of these apps cost around 50$. I haven't tried it yet, but it does have the US maps available for download (that means the app can work without using data while your driving)Nokia also included a body skin to protect the phone, that thing fits so nicely on the phone, some people I showed it to didn't realize it wasn't part of the phone. It's not bulky like most of these coversI bought this phone from Global Mobile and with the amazon prime service it arrived the next day. The phone is factory unlocked, but it's the German T-Mobile version (they include a little note on the buttons to tap in the startup wizard, basically after two buttons you'll see the language selection where you can select English).I also  found out that it's really easy to replace that software with an unbranded UK version.Overall, it's a great phone, very fast and looks great.

Nokia and MS did a very good job with the software and the hardware , but the camera is really bad with very bad pictures quality , worse than any cell phone camera I used, just a big disappointment, I returned the handset.  I would buy a Nokia windows phone though once they improve the camera performance

The best cellphone so far, the only thing is that it doesnt run WP8, only WP7.5 :/ Excellent creen performance

i like it because it has micro soft. i do not like it because  it has a micro sim card.

I love this window phone. It has the right size and easy in use. Initially I did not like the form, but the skin put on it makes the corners look softer.

I am really glad I picked up this phone. It is very smooth and fast. Great looking professional apps. I use SkyDrive and Sports Tracker the most. Bing maps kind of suck but I love voice navigation on it. Nokia maps and drive are awesome, they just need to bolt that voice navigation on it and make it default maps\navigation software. Used it since January, no urge at all replacing this phone. Looking forward to playing with Galaxy 3 and iPhone5. Not sure if 4.7 inch screen is small enough for me. I mean for browsing and viewing pics/videos it is great but carring in pants and making phone calls on it have to be tested for convinience. This phone is perfect size-wise, 4 inch I can handle as well.

Not working with 3G in Argentina.Was not FACTORY UNLOCKED, as it has a German Company display on the cell phoneMoney was not refunded

Definitely worth the money I paid for this phone. I absolutely love the Windows 7 platform it has the apps you need, and has a kickass camera. at this point nokia is coming out with their windows 8 phone at the end of september, and If its anything like this one its definitely worth the buy.It has a solid construction, and very reliable. Dropped it several times on marble floor and its doing fine. reception is very clear and wifi range is good. One guy said he brought it with him on his trip to mount everest. the camera is an 8MP carl zeiss lens, and takes great photos. The app store is nowhere near as plentiful as android or apple, but it has your most important apps such as facebook, cloud storage, whatsapp, linked in, nokia drive, news, etc. and a lot of cool xbox games like final fantasy.The battery life on this is incredible typically on a full charge you can get a solid 30 hours of use, which includes hourly email updates, weather updates, whatsapp updates, and one news update as well as maybe 100 text messages and a few phone calls. if you talk on skype for 30 minutes it drains the battery like 15 percent, which is pretty good.Overall, my main con of this phone is that the multi-tasking on windows phone could be better ( i really loved the webos multitasking UI). Also its not 4G, but then you should get the lumia 900 if thats what you are looking for. but everything else is solid and just works like it should. I hope windows phone becomes more popular as it has a lot of potential to be as big as the apple. Nokia used to make great phones that would last years, and i think theyve done it again.

this nokia doesnt is what i expect at all because have a lot of good aplication, but nokia take  basic aplication off like bluetooth data transference, message tone personalization etc.......

I'm from Peru's team came with the screen spotted in the upper left and visualizion difficult to see what colors are reddish hopefully help me.

Full disclosure: my company is owned by Nokia.I cannot recommend strongly enough that you try this phone before buying a smartphone. It represents a very different approach.  While it works well for techies (myself included), what I have repeatedly observed is how quickly non-techies figure out how to do great things with it.The basics (voice quality, call signal) are better than any phone I have used (and I've had every major brand).On the software side, the integration with Linked-In, Facebook, Outlook represents a fundamental shift.  Rather than jumping in and out of various applications, you simply click on the "people" tile and all relevant info about each individual has been gathered from various social networks and organizers.  The visualization of all that info is elegant and fun.The user interface is simple and intuitive.  My wife had the same visceral reaction to this phone that she had to Tivo years ago - she views both as easy and entertaining.

The phone is good and I really love it. It's up to date and easy to use, but I was expecting to get a car charger with it: I didn't get a car charger.

Very good typical phone nokia, meets the required needs of a smartphone only some defects of windows that should be corrected and submit updates for better performance

Got on time and was nice device, but had a problems with sim card cover!!Does not work properly and had to return:(

excellent product, except that it is protected and the management of the plastic that comes factory Pantella is grated. thanks

At 4 months, the team started to have problems also went out alone and then damage completely and does not turn or anything and looked after it more than myself I cheated with this seller sieno not recommended

I bought this to give for my mother for mother's day in Brasil.  Since the first day it did not charge properly,I think that the batery is not ok.  So i returned it, an they charged me 96 dollars for r stocking a defectiveProduct.

I can honestly say that the Windows Phone platform is by far the most original one to come to the smart phone market.  And for someone who has owned an iPhone and many different Androids I can tell you it is more than worth the switch. Here are some key reasons why:-Even on what is considered slower hardware these phones run amazingly fast.  Feels faster than an iPhone or an Android hands down.-Great battery life.  Even when I'm streaming Netflix on the go I'm not really worried about the battery.  With general use it outperforms other smartphones out there.-The OS itself it a joy to use.  Simple, intuitive, and more alive.  No need for widgets, install an app and pin it's live tile to the main screen and you get instant access to info that you want and need easily.  No going into apps, no swiping over to your widgets.  You pin whatever you want to the home screen, be it a contact, photo album, song, ebay bid item, calendars.  Its simply amazing how much information you can access without ever even going into an app and I love it.-Built in X-Box Live and Zune.  Having a system built into a phone for online gaming etc that has been tested and proven for years is great.  And although the Zune never quite took off you will be amazed at how great it is to use on this phone.  And it's better than the music players available on Android, and way more intuitive than the iPhone music player.  Hands down, these phones have the lead on music and games.-Dedicated camera button.  Access your camera even when the phone is locked.  Android and iOS have added this recently but Windows Phone does it better.  Just hold down the camera button and you can access the camera instantly without even having to unlock your phone.-Built in Bing Search.  May seem like a gimmick, but its powerful and easy to use.  Just hit the search button at the bottom of the phone to use it (or if you really don't like Bing the search button can be changed to use another search provider website).  When you do you have access to Local Scout, which uses your GPS to show you what is near you.  FInd Gas Stations, Dining, interesting hotspots in the area.  You get Music search which listens to music and gives you the name of the song. Bing Vision, which gives you the ability to translate text without typing it in, find an item by its barcode, scan QR Codes, and find DVD and Books online by just scanning the cover.  As well as voice search, you get everything you need for search without ever even downloading an app.-Built in FM Radio.  This may not seem like a big deal, but nobody else really has this in their phone and its great to have.  If you don't like carrying around a huge music collection and don't want to stream music over an app just listen to the radio.  Less battery is used and you get easy access to whatever local channels are available.I could go on and on but these are just some of the main points to get this phone, or any Windows Phone really.  HOpefully this helps you make the decision, you won't be disappointed.App Suggestions:-For Photo Editing, try Fantasia Painter.  You can do pretty much anything you could ever want to a photo and then some.  Its powerful and easy to use.-For Pandora, since there is no official Pandora App use Radio Controlled.  Its a great App and way better than the standard Pandora Apps I've used.-Ringtones, use easyRing&Music;, its a great ringtone app that even lets you download full songs and trim them down to make a custom ringtone.  Easy to use.

Pros1. Build and Style2. Nokia Drive / Nokia Maps3. DisplayCons1. Unreliable OS2. Lack of popular appsDetails:My experience with Nokia Lumia is a never ending daily struggle and I regret the fateful decision of ordering a Lumia 800 in December last year. My experiences / issues:1. The first model received had issues with battery longevity. After a week, Nokia replaced this model with a new one.2. The new model still had lingering issues with battery longevity. Nokia issued an update that was supposed to fix the problem. However, instead of fixing the issue, it led to a worsening of the issue. First visit to Nokia Care.3. All is well for couple of months. Suddenly, one fine day Lumia's screen freezes. The issue is discussed at [...]. Another visit to Nokia care.4. Nokia returns the set claiming that the problem is fixed (however, no explanation of what the problem was and what the fix was). Used the set for two weeks, and again the problem resurfaces and the screen freezes. Another visit to Nokia care in the offering.Apart from the above, there are number of issues that made me realize how I used to take the absence of the issues for granted in other sets. For example,1. Intermittent automatic reboots once / twice every 3-4 weeks of usage. It seems that the phone has brain of its own and realizes that it is hosting a Windows OS so a reboot is customary.2. When ending a call, Lumia will take almost 2-3 minutes before allowing me to the opportunity to redial.3. USSD (Unstructured Supplementary Service Data) does not work, denying me the easy way to check my prepaid balance. Now the only way is to call the Service Providers IVR and go thru the multi-hop mennu system to get the same information.4. Every update of the OS/firmware release by Nokia wipes my data on the phone, no matter how minor the update.  This even includes all the apps that I would have downloaded.There are a number of other minor quirks, that I am now willing to overlook - thanks to the issues mentioned above. However, one thing is certain, I am not trying any new Nokia and Windows mobile for the foreseeable future.

i bought this phone unlocked and have been using  it with t-mobile for about 3 months .This phone is simply  pain in the neck, you CAN NOT SEND OR RECEIVE PIC. MSGS , sound quality is not good. I made mistake buying it.

Pros:This is a beautiful phone, it has that same addictive feel in your hand that the iPhone 4, it's hard to put down. I current carry an unlocked iPhone 4 on T-Mobile and a Galaxy S2 on Verizon. The Galaxy is clearly the fastest and spec rich phone of the three but feels cheap and I find android in general lacks the fluid UI of the iPhone. To my huge surprise I actually liked Win 7.5 more than iOS, I hated the old Windows phone OS's and expect more of the same. The newer version or Windows Phone is simply a new beast. Microsoft took all the best aspects of iPhone's simplicity and went one better with live tiles and great office integration. Its easy to use and very intuitive and the Lumia 800 just feel perfect in your hand. If you use Microsoft Office this phone is wonderful.Cons:My iPhone 4 works pretty well on EDGE data, and locking to EDGE I get two days of battery life and I very rarely find myself wishing I was on 3G. I found the Windows 7.5 on the Lumia seemed to have a bit of a harder time on EDGE. It also seemed to lack the insanely good signal lock I have come to expect from Nokia phones. The Nokia/MS mapping apps don't get by as easily on EDGE as the iPhone. I would not say it's a big problem, but I did find myself tethering to my Galaxy whenever I could.The other thing I did like is that this isn't a carrier unlocked device, the unit I received was software branded for Vodaphone Germany and had been opened and unlocked via an unlock code. I actually wanted an unbranded phone. I would have preferred to see this listed in the description and I would probably not have bought a branded phone as it has all the Vodaphone app links.Overall:A beautiful phone and a magnificent OS, Microsoft and Nokia are on to a winner here. I would probably say skip this phone unless you can get 3G.

Surpassed my expectations. I super recommend this product, quality, timely delivery, and a beautiful design! Can buy! It is worth it!

A wonderful windows phone with perfect looking and good using experience. It is a German country variant with the product number 059N756(I saw that via nokia care suite on computer&#65289;. It's nice to get a factory unlocked version in this price.The camera in lumia 800 performs not so good in dark surroundings, much wrose than iphone, but good in daylight.

Very nice product only disadvantage that it does not support Arabic languageWhere I expect soon updated SoftwareRecommend purchase of mobile  from Unlock T Mobile companysince you are leve out of US

The camera is really bad feels like a 2MP  camera... super dark even with flash videos suck and no front camera...

It is a great phone, it is extremely fast, beautiful & amazing design and it has most important feature (application) that I need for my day to day activities (Nokia drive, Microsoft office, Sky Drive and Xbox) and everything is so easy to set up and use.It is a amazing that people does not know about it. Lumia 800 is much better phone for your money than Iphone or any Android phone. I am really happy with my option.

GPS and metro UI are good enough to go for this phone and what else you want for a $100?I love the UI and speed and are better than what IPhone offers. I hate running many apps in the phone so probbaly for me switch is simple from Phone.Also the way accessing multiple apps is quiet simple and bing decision search as well is nice and I always get the results I want and the other reason for me to go with this is Xbox Live... I would say, Just go for it.. do not think too much..

I habe been using this phone overseas but it never cutoff the call after making a phone call after couple of days using

First off, if you order this phone be sure to run all the updates. It took nearly an hour but it makes a huge difference! The biggest problem solved is the overly sensitive touch settings.Many of the things like contact transfer, internet sharing, additional settings are added or corrected.The only thing that this phone lacks is the front facing camera which I didn't need, since I don't do video calling. I setup my Skype to use a static picture.Do your research and make sure that this is the phone that fits your needs. I chose it over the 900 because I wanted the smaller size and curved screen. Using it for business is very nice!! The voice commands aren't as sophisticated as Siri, but still works great for my needs. Adjusted the camera settings and pictures come out much better than online reviews.Oh, if you're trying to put a custom ringtone - Music clip must be less than 1 MB and less than 40 seconds. In Zune, you must right-click on the song, change genre to Ringtone/Ring Tone in the "Collections" > "Music" tab. You must also go into "Settings" > "Phone" > "Conversion Settings". Change Audio setting to "Only convert media files that aren't supported by the device" (This will allow songs you upload to appear under a "Custom" group on your phone.

Windows OS is the main reason why i bought this phone. Something different environment from Android n ios is its plus point.Phone looks classy, have nice body with superb touch. But still, a long way to go for Windows Phone.There are some problems like you have to install zune to sync your phone with PC, nokia to nokia bluetooth pairing only etc.Few problems can be encountered wigth nokia apps like nokia music.Overall, this is a good start but competition is high, so both nokia and MS need to buck up

This phone is very sleek, smooth operating system and feels excellent and hi quality phone.I have had this phone over a year but I am going back to non windows phone. Why?If you read the manual of Nokia 800 about its BLUE TOOTH it says the phone only accepts contact via BLUE TOOTH and you can not send contact to another phone/devise.Traditionally we use to be able to have the contacts on the SIM card transferred via BLUE TOOTH from on devise to other or simply kept them on SIM card.With Windows phone (Nokia 800) you CAN NOT do this as your contact are stored on Microsoft/outlook email account.

I love everything about this phone; especially the form factor.Only caution is your current Bluetooth device most likely will not work due to narrow compatibility specifications on this phone. My Jawbone Icon kept connecting and disconnecting. So bought a brand new BlueAnt Q2..same thing. So did a Google Search on Lumia 800 Bluetooth Compatibility and a number of articles and blogs appeared about this issue.Just ordered a Nokia J which I hope will offer full compatibility..(edit) Received the Nokia J and of course it works flawlessly. So Nokia, +10 points for coming up with kickass products, but MINUS 10 for screwing around with your specs so I'm forced to purchase your stuff and can't use other devices like I could with most any phone... (grr) Still leaving at 5 stars though...Also, good for you if you are AT&T..; you will have 3g. I am TMobile and this only works on EDGE. I still love it though. Due to the fast processor, most sites come right up.Anything media-rich you need to WiFi.However, for driving, Nokia Drive uses a satellite-direct GPS that does not require data! Just download your state map (FREE) and everything will come right up as quick as if you were on 4G! Last week I tested this at West Rim of the Grand Canyon and there is NO signal of any kind there.. But Nokia Drive loaded up and operated lightning fast!In all, even with some warts, I think this is a keeper!

Product delighted! the screen is spectacular not to mention the software and information processing speed and multitasking... The camera pictures are good Pixer

One of best smartphones I have had. Browsing the Internet is super fast. Even my wife, being an Apple fan, starts to use it.

this is the  terrible phone i ever used !!! and i paid 179.00 for this bou used only less then six months.sceen is gone ...?

It's a good product, low cost compared a similar phone with windows software. very important evaluate compatiblility with my pc,lapto .Thank

First off, I do a terrible job of reviewing, so go to mobiletechreview.com and search for this phone there if you want a better one with a video. Here are just some things from my experience.As far as the device and the hardware are concerned this is a fantastic phone. The build is very solid. The skin that's packaged with the phone is very good quality and changes almost nothing about its appearance. I don't like having to use a skin or a case though, and this phone is nice for people like me as well, because the body is rugged enough to survive without one. For this price I think a phone should be durable and attractive looking, and this phone is both.The UI might take a little getting used to; I came from an android phone and it took me a day or so to be completely familiar with this, but really it isn't difficult. The phone is very fast where it can be, and what I mean is some apps like internet explorer 9 are just not very fast right now, so the phone cooks as long as the apps allow it to. Generally nothing is slow with this thing except ie9 and the windows facebook app, which really needs work. The hardware speaker is loud but not what you want to listen to music or other media from. You won't miss a call from lack of volume, but get some headphones if music is important to you because you won't want to hear it from the speaker.I have tmobile in the US, so I can't speak for at&t; users here, but this definitely only works on edge on tmobile's network. There is wifi literally everywhere I go, so I haven't had a data plan in years, but if you're one of those people who "needs" 3G or better, wait at least until the lumia 900 comes out and see if you can find an unlocked device then. If you do get this one then go to the marketplace and download the nokia app 'network setup'. You'll need to run this to get MMS working on tmobile at least, maybe on at&t; also. After you do this the phone is truly unlocked, except for the 3G thing of course.If you are into the android mindset of being able to modify your phone software, and make all your icons and homescreen look different 5 times a day, then you won't like WP7 for the same reason you don't like ios. Now that's fine, but if you are like me and you just want a simple interface that's fast and responsive (and so far has given me no force closes) then WP7 is right up your alley, and on this device it's fantastic. If 3G and 4G are deal breakers for you, then the lumia 710 might be worth looking at since it's tmobile branded and guaranteed to work state side.***My lumia 800 was imported from Germany, so it started up in German and that is also the language of all the printed material in the box. It came with a piece of paper from the seller stating, in English, what options to chose on initial startup to get the phone in English. It's completely painless, and after that it's totally in English, but there are 2 or 3 applications that you'll end up uninstalling because they were loaded for consumers in Germany. These apps don't seem to be of any use in the states. Just be aware that if you buy this import it could quit literally be from anywhere that its sold in Europe, and so also be in that country's language when you first turn it on.EDIT: I forgot to mention battery life. I've been using the heck out of this phone since I got it a few days ago. I can't say for sure how long it lasts on a charge, but it will definitely go an entire work day under heavy (wifi internet) use before you have to think about how much life it has left. Most places I look users say to give it a week to settle in, and apparently the firmware update gives an inaccurate battery life reading for the first few days. For example, my phone right now says it has 62% battery remaining and that it will last another 20hrs on that charge, with 12 hrs since my last charge. I don't know if it will make it 32hrs off one charge, but I can say that it definitely makes it through the day without giving any low battery warnings. In fact, I'll edit this review when the phone dies and report on how long it actually lasted.

NOKIA SIEMPRE INNOVANDO.... AHORA CON ESTE PRECIOSO TELEFONO CON UN MUY BUEN SISTEMA OPERATIVO, ROMPE CON TODOS LOS ESQUEMAS, LO RECOMIENDO 100%.

This phone is as good as other smartphones but in a NOKIA, what else can you expect? I Recomend It

I have been anxiously awaiting for a Nokia Windows Phone to come out in the States. My carrier is T-Mobile USA and even though I can only use EDGE, it is still my handset of choice. I upgraded from the HTC HD7 which I adored as well. I recommend this phone to everyone!

My unlocked nokia lumia 800 arrived even before the extimated date of delivery. It was well packed and works well. i look forward to shopping from you guys again. I have been using nokia right from the days of nokia 3310, and with this windows phone, i dont have a reason to stop now. Im satisfied.

I bought this unit from jcstore. It is a T-Mobile Germany version of the device, unlocked though. I didn't get any recipt or proof of purchaseOverall, the Lumia 800 is an awesome device. The display is beautiful, all features work properly.The only problem is the in-call volume. I tried it several times, in several locations and there is lack of clarity and audio volume.I can only hear the other person clearly if I align the earpiece directly in my ear. The volume is at maximum but still it is too low. Moreover, in noisy environments it becomes completely inaudible.I am surprised no one else mentioned it before. It could be a problem with just my device but I doubt it.I am probably going to return it.

I really liked this phone and always recommended windows phone to anyone who hated slow android or did not want to be in apple club.I used it gently, never dropped not a single scratch and even did not peel the film that came on the screen.Unlike other users I was aware of lean apps market for Windows phone and it was not a surprise for me either. The only complain was that the phone was not easy to charge, sometimes it acted weird on my attempts to charge it and was very picky on charger device itself.One day, in less than a year, the phone simply died. All attempts: soft reset/hard reset did not result in getting the phone alive. I was able to connect the phone to the computer via Nokia Suite in order to download pictures./video and other data, but it was too late, since I did the hard reset prior to connecting to the PC and it erased all the memory. No memory recovery software helped to recover the data, since Windows phone uses proprietary system that is very closed. Being able to connect to the PC and read some data (IMEI, stock pictures etc.) indicates that either the screen, I/O or some sort of controller that is responsible for screen and I/O went bad. After my last suspicion was the battery, which , after opening the case and checking on with voltmeter, seemed to be ok yielding 3.6 V. It is sad that brand new looking phone now is sitting on my countertop with no use.This was my first and LAST NOKIA Windows phone that I will ever drop any money for. Regardless now what they produce and how advanced the product I will not spend a dime on it for the rest of my life, unless I get it as a gift. Now, as much as I did not want to go back to Android, looks like I have no choice.save yourself a headache DON'T waste the money and buy this phone or if you do, make sure at least all your valuable data is synced with the cloud.

UPDATE #3: I just realized I completely forgot to mention certain carrier info. I'm using the phone with AT&T; in NYC. Doesn't work with their HSPA+ (yet? I believe there will be a way to enable the frequency) as far as I can tell but I get 3mbit downstream and 1mbit upstream, which is a-OK.UPDATE #2: Flashed the new 11501 firmware. Battery problem be gone! I unplugged my phone at around 1AM and left it idling. It's now 330PM and battery still at 58% with normal use from 9AM. Great job Nokia. I haven't noticed anything else other than the battery fix though. Added the last star :)-------------------------------------------------------You can love or hate Windows Phone OS, but you have to admit, Nokia sure stepped up their game in designing this beauty.HARDWARE:"Borrowed" heavily from its N9 sibling, this is one stunning phone to look at. Poly-carbonate body means very scratch resistant and none of that slippery glass surface, unlike a certain smartphone. The curves also make it very comfortable to hold, especially over a long period of time, also unlike a certain square-ish phone. Speaker and microphone neatly at the bottom while micro USB port and sim slot are at the top.The screen is amazing. The 3.7" Clearblack LCD (aka Super AMOLED or whatever you want to call it) gives you such vibrant colors that my retina-display iPhone 4 looks like a last-gen screen next to it, at least in terms of colors and contrasts. The touchscreen is very sensitive, though I've noticed it can be a bit jumpy at times. No idea if it's a software or hardware problem, or just my screen protector.The only problems I have with the designs are: a) the dedicated camera button. It's a two-stage shutter (slightly press to focus and fully to shoot) is a bit flimsy. b) the micro-USB port cover flips up and can easily be broken. And it stays this way while connected. (This has been remedied with the upcoming Lumia 900 btw.)Overall, this is the best looking phone I've seen in years. Kudos to Nokia for trying something new. And dare I say, they succeeded brilliantly.SOFTWARE:It's Windows Phone 7.5 Mango. You either love it, or hate it.Let me say that coming from Android/iOS, the first main differences I saw were the big and bold tiles, and the minimal homescreen. No gazillions of icons and folders cluttering up the screen. Everything is right there, in your face. Phone, SMS, Mail, Browser are all there and easily accessible the moment you turn on the screen. Very cool, I thought. But then, as an avid app user, I loaded up the Windows Marketplace. And boy, was I in for a huge disappointment. I'd known that this was a new ecosystem and there wouldn't be that many apps yet. But I didn't think that many of the iOS/Android apps (not games, don't care about those) that I often used wouldn't have an alternative for WP (more on this later).I was ready to return the phone. But then (yes, another turning point), I started using it. And I fell in love. The way Live Tiles work, instant updated info without loading the apps. The way "People" combines all/most of your social networks into one place. The way I stopped using my phone to do useless things and actually get stuff done. And of course, the way the Lumia 800 felt in my hands.  Also, slowly, I started discovering new ways to find the apps that I want/need. Sure, I had to compromise and discarded certain apps that I don't really need, but I did manage to gather a good number of apps in the end.Windows Phone 7.5 isn't perfect. I still hate the way copy/paste is implemented. I still think the keyboard is awkward at times and too sensitive at others. I hate that there's no jailbreak/root, or as WP users call it "Interop unlock". Or how background tasking has a 9-processes limit. Or how there's no way to change text size in SMS. Or that the default Marketplace is rather unwelcoming and harder to navigate. And many more. But these minor bugs and inconveniences all become irrelevant when you look at the big picture. Windows Phone 7.5 is a brilliant mobile OS. You might call it the smartphone OS for newbies. I'm guessing the reason why it hasn't attracted that many people yet is the lack of quality phones. We haven't seen anything that is so stylish, so cool that can actually compete with the annual iPhone and monthly Androids. Until now.I'm definitely getting a Lumia 900 when it comes out in a few months (though I'll miss the curved glass). Good job Nokia and Microsoft. You've won me over.Update: I forgot to mention that the 800 has battery issues (doesn't last very long). I hear that there's a new update out that has fixed this problem, but I'm still waiting for them to push it out to my phone. Will confirm when I get it.

The phone looked nice but the battery was no good. I returned the phone for a full refund. If you're thinking about getting this phone do not getting from this seller. More than one reviews had issues with the battery.

Bought this phone as a Christmas gift, and my son is thoroughly happy with it.  He thanks me every day.  He impressed w/ the fast processing of information, the clarity of the screen, and the camera is excellent.  Glad I found this phone!

I've used the Nokia lumia 800 for about two weeks now. The phone is sleek, operations are quite lightning fast, the phone does not boot but resets. I think the user interface is quite friendly and there are enough apps for you.I have noticed one problem...it jams once you attempt to end a call u made, and continues reading airtime after that, forcing one to power it off. Dont know if its a software problem, I hope so, because prognosis may be better as that can possibly be adressed with updates. If its hardware problem then verdict is poor as I wont wish for anyone to have this phone. Infact Nokia has to recall them if its that.Another that might stress a user is the poor connectivity to other devices. This makes bluetooth almost useless on it.Thanks. Hope not to regret buying this phone though.

I bought this phone off an auction site to use as a backup phone. My regular phone is a T-Mobile HTC Radar 4G. I had come from the iXX and Android worlds and I really like the Mango system so much better! I'm not technical at all but I find Mango easier to use and the tiles just much easier on my eyes, too! The Lumia 800 looks just awesome in person; I'd say it's the best-looking black-color phone, ever! Its slightly elongated shape and super light weight and solid feel make it feel perfect to hold, whether for surfing or calling! The screen is bright and beautiful, and the touch screen works really well. I do need to get a screen protector, though!Two things I don't quite like, though: 1) it uses a micro-SIM card which is very difficult to find at low prices, I had to search around hard for a reliable seller; 2) the camera, while it has superb optics as it's a Zeiss, gives incorrect white balance under artificial lighting, while my HTC Radar has very good auto white balance. Outdoors, the Lumia 800's camera works wonders. Oh, one thing I don't get, which is not important for me as I don't use Tango and currently Skype, owned by Microsoft, is still not available for Mango, is there is *no* front camera. My HTC Radar has a VGA front camera but its picture quality is abysmal!The Lumia 800 does have quite a bit of storage. If you want to load a lot of media files, you should consider the HTC Titan. If you just want to download apps the Lumia 800 has enough storage for you. WinPhone's games are definitely so much more sophisticated than those on the other platforms, so the XBox Live titles do take up quite a bit of space. Mango feels fast with multitasking, and the Lumia 800 has a fast processor so everything I do on the phone feels smooth and elegant.

This is a very good phone. It never get stuck. Windows is running softly. It looks very nice, easy to use and very fast.

******EDIT*****Last week i noticed on my phone that there was a question mark inside the battery symbol. The phone would not charge and i could not tell how much battery i had left. I looked this up and it has happened on many different devices. They say to take the battery out and reset the phone, and see if that works, but the nokia battery is unremovable. I will have to send this one back  ='(......This phone is absolutely amazing and im using it on at&t.; This phone is unlocked but you need to go to wireless settings and go to edit apn and add "wap.cingular" to make it work with 3g/4g (hspa+) on at&t.; The only problem i am having is that i cant sent pictures if i figure out that, if its even possible, then this phone is perfect. The screen is small but it looks amazing and all the nokia extras like nokia drive(navigation) and nokia music make this a great deal. Just pricey at the moment but totally worth it for me.******Here is the fix for not being able to send MMS on AT&T;:connect to wifiYou need to go here:[...]The first post right at the top has a link that says "Zune Link", you must click on that link on your Lumia 800, it brings you into the app store and lets you download the Nokia Network fix.I used it on my Lumia 800 and it works perfectly, it detected my carrier (AT&T;) and then I was able to send MMS messages and connect to the network.

I needed a new phone and didn't feel like the iPhone 4s was much of an upgrade over my iPhone 4 and the Galaxy Nexus was way too big and I never had good luck with android phones. I decided to give windows phone a try. I am so glad that I did. It was between the Lumia 800 or 710. The 800 has such great build quality.Hardware: It comes with only 16gb of memory. No expansion slot of any kind. With WP7, you get 25gb of free storage on Microsofts SkyDrive. The 1.5gHz processor is extremely fast and never has a problem with loading or scrolling through the OS. The Amoled screen is crisp, clear and bright. Its only a 800x480 but that is standard on all the WP7 phones. 8mp camera with a Carl Zeiss lens and twin LED flashes.Fit and Finish: The phone feels amazing in my hands. The one piece shell fits perfectly in my hand and it just feels so good. No gaps between the gorilla glass and the body. Nokia also includes a molded silicon/rubber case with the phone. It fits perfect so you never need to actually buy a case for it. It took me a while to get use to the button placement but I got the hang of it in a day or so.Screen: The Amoled screen is bright and vibrant. I never knew what I was missing until I saw this thing. The colors are so crisp. The curved glass makes it very easy to swipe left or right.Windows Phone: This is my first windows phone, mine came with mango (7.5). Its super smooth and slick. It never hangs up or has forced closes. The phone is only a single core processor but you would never be able to tell. Its the perfect balance between android and iOS. Its also really easy to use.Apps: Nokia includes a few nice apps. Its definitely not bloatware. Nokia Drive is a gps app that downloads all the maps for a country or region onto your phone. It gives turn by turn directions and you can use it offline since the information is stored on your phone. Nokia maps is a neat app that is similar to a google maps but with a lot more features. You can view the map in 3d, it shows traffic updates, and it gives you public transit routes with stops. It helped me navigate Portland, OR without a problem. You can also set it up to show you reviews and close by restaurants. Nokia Music is very similar to pandora and you can purchase the music from the zune store when you like a certain song.The windows market place has plenty of apps. If I can't find the exact app that is in the iOS/Android Market app store, I can easily find an app that can replace it. Also, WP7 has amazing voice features, which I didn't know about when I bought the phone (way better than Siri on my friends 4S). It also comes with a  full version of Microsoft Office that can be linked to their cloud services (Office 365, Sky Drive, Office Live, etc.)Camera: The camera is bit of a downer. Its an 8mp with dual LED flashes. There are so many settings its hard to a shot just right. I takes clear, focused pictures every time but there are so many filters to worry about.Battery Life: I consider myself a moderate data user. I check my emails off my phone, stream music, and update Twitter/Facebook. I get the phone off my charger about 8am and come home around 9pm. It has about 35% battery life left which is more than my iPhone, it use to have about 10% left.Overall, this phone is a great alternative to the iPhone or any android. Only complaints I have is the camera leaves something to be desired. The OS is smooth and reliable. Microsoft and Nokia hit a home run with the Lumia 800. Give this phone a chance and you won't be disappointed.

it says that it is Unlocked in the ad, but is it? I opened up the package, turned on the device and it strangely it had a magenta letter T on the screen. Hang about, it is a T- Mobile germany phone. with t Mobile apps and customisations. and No nokia blue theme. Only t mobile grau (grey). It made me laugh considering that i have a strong anti carrier phone policy. that was false advertisig on the sellers part.

I own 4 different Nokia phones in the past. Latest was the Nokia C6-01 came with Symbian and I upgrade to Anna then Belle. I love my C6-01 but I wanted to try windows phone, so I bought Lumia 800.Cons I found in 2 weeks are basic Nokia characteristics you will lose with Lumia windows Mango.1- Can't send any type of files using Bluetooth at all. You lose a simple ability to send mp3s, pics or anything using Bluetooth.2- You lose video-out. Option I used on C6-01 to shows pics or movie Tvs. In Lumia is gone.3- You lose functionality of all your previous wired nokia headsets or any wired headset. With C6-01 any headset worked (volume, forward, pause, etc.) With Lumia you can't use those commands any more; you just can listen to music and speak during conversation. Only with the original 1 button headset that answers calls, or pause music, then you are done.4- This one I can't believe, you lose the front camera. No front camera in recent phone is unacceptable.5- Zune software in a pain to work with. You also lose mass storage, file browsing. The only way to feed you phone is throw Zune software. If that's the case I prefer Nokia suite but you not compatible.6- No micro SD slot, limited to 16 GB (at the end are around 12.5). You have cloud access but will cost you and make it slow.7- No notification light for messages or missed calls.8- Camera I prefer C6-01 quality, Lumia's sometime are too dark or to bright.9- Basic apps are gone, Nimbuzz, waze, angrybirds, opera, friut ninja, joikuspot, etc. Whatsapp is slow, Viber is beta, etc.10- Battery life can be better11- Volume control for apps is the same for ringing, very frustrating. To set phone in silent you have to lower volume to zero.12- Lack of settings and customization in everything (you can notice if you already used Symbian)13- Msn messenger is too basic and merge with SSM, can be trouble to some.14- Even so the software run smooth, Nokia launch 1.4ghz single processor while other brands are launching dual cores and more rom.15- In Internet explorer there is no forward bottom, no find option. Using tabs is hard to navigate you need to access options/tabs to select them.16- Can't rename folder, files. Can't move them between folders, can't select several files or pics at the same time. No options. You can do all this basic commands with Symbian.17- Can't share internet inbuilt app, haven't fine any third party app allow sharing internet. Inaceptable.18- and more...Pros: are all normal pros, nothing new. Basically this phone will work for a normal to lite user, with basic needs.I will love to see a high end hardware phone with Symbian on it. Rumors like Nokia 801, with 1.2ghz processor dual core.Instead right now we can buy Nokia 701 1ghz single processor, but with latest upgrade processor speeds up 1.3ghz.

I read all the reviews and wasn't sure whether to buy it or not because of the many bad reviews. I bought it anyways and I hate how many apps don't work on this phone. For example Pandora and text now aren't supported on here. I also wanted it because it was 8megapixels  and the picture don't look good. My mom has a Samsung phone with 5megapixels  and it's pictures look much better then this Nokia phone. And to top it off the screen fell of the phone. I was using it one day and all of the sudden the screen slid off. The screen is only attached to a strip inside but besides that if I don't hold it face up then the screen hangs down. I had to put tape around it so that it doesn't fall out. :( Very unsatisfied!

This phone is amazingly fast and very easy to use. Camera and gallery are superb. Social media is fully integrated and works like a charm. Browsing in internet is made very well and also I love the music player. This phone is really made for the people, not for the engineers.After using this phone there is no turning back to Android. Android is very confusing and hard to use compared to Lumia interface! I very much recommend this phone!

I just received my Phone and when I first Started the Phone, I see the T Mobile Logo as the first Screen !! when I looked up the Phone was locked to Germany T-Mobile and then it was unlocked !!You should have mentioned That that Info ...

this cell phone is pretty fast, and the ship is fast. I love this cell phone, recommend this cell phone if you don't use it usually or have a high demand of the apps

Received my phone in a small box, really really pretty by the way, the Nokia box is very sturdy. The first thing I saw after opening the package was a piece of paper saying that this phone comes is German because it's manufactured in Europe, this paper is in English and shows you how to set up your phone to any language you want. So I did, I set up mine to English.All the manuals are in German, however, I downloaded the PDF's from nokia.co.uk and they come in English, I know that some people would give it a 4 stars, but as for me, I don't see it as being a problem.The manual is VERY complete and contains all the instructions for the battery itself, thing that is lacking in most of modern electronics and that I consider very important, so, following the instructions, I connected the USB cable in the outlet - which comes with a small white piece of plastic to connect to the outlet, and it comes with the converter, so if you are in US, you won't have a problem at all - and the phone vibrated and it started in German, as expected. I followed the instructions from the paper and there it was, in English.After some basic settings, the phone showed up the Windows Phone screen with the tiles. I really don't understand why people say that the screen is small. I have to say that, HONESTLY, all the phones I used so far, the screen was smaller, so I am pretty satisfied, plus, if the screen is way big, it's kinda uncomfortable to carry around, which doesn't happen with this phone.The screen is bright and looks NICE ! The WiFi set up was really easy, it found all the WiFi networks around me and the keyboard fits ok with my fingers.I can't say too much about the battery life, Nokia said that they will release an update to expand the battery life. For a regular user, it's ok enough.The main reason why I bought a Windows Phone is because in my family, EVERYBODY own either Android phones, and all my friends own iPhones. I think it's smart to try something new and I happy so far. I recommend this product.

Love the device...fits well in hands. not too big to hold.True black screen looks amazing, love the windows 7.8 and the app store. Doesnt have the excess but has enough as we need.Battery easily lasts 1.5 day. Good sound quality, Wish there was a front facing camera.

This phone looks really cool, sophisticated and smart. Nevertheless the battery is an issue, my phone died after 5 months of use and doesn't charge neither with the USB nor the other charger which by the way seems was made with very poor quality, one day my phone was running out of battery so I charged it as usual and all of the sudden it died right after, it has been dead for around 3 weeks and it seems that is not going to comeback, but since it is unlocked and a warranty with the store was not provided seems like I totally lost my money, it's a shame on Nokia, plus the speaker does not have quality at all. About windows, you can say it is a good OS but they're missing some of the most interesting apps and that's I think the only issue with Microsoft due to the quality in the design and the good stuff like Xbox and Zune.

La octava maravilla del mundo. Contras: Muy pesado (142 gramos); baj&oacute; de precio 20$ en tan solo 1 mes. Espero no siga bajando a tal ritmo. Es tremendo equipo.

I have had this phone for 3-4 months and used it heavily since I got it. It is definetely a beautiful peace of hardware with Windows Phone inside. If you are looking for a smart phone with beautiful design with a quick, easy to use and stable OS this is the right phone for you to buy.+Hardware designNokia apps, such as Nokia Drive, Maps etcWP7 live tiles on start screen-Less custimization options compared to Android (but on the other hand WP is quicker and more stable compared to Android)Not the same amount of apps compared to Android and iOS. (But most of the apps I need are available now, and the situation is improving every day...)To summarize, I'm very satisfied with the Lumia 800.

Love the phone, but it freezes every now and then... Less than my old Android though. A forward facing camera wouldn't have hurt either

excelente producto. lo recomiendo 100%. lo he usado y trabaja as rapido que el iphone. el nokia conducir es exelente!!! gran GPS

This nokia lumia 800 is an international version with 2 adapters. The 2nd adapter has the USB port to plug into, that goes to the phone. I don't like that part.The phone has a really poor design with the power button not indicated! Actually, none of the buttons have any markings on them! The SIM card slot & charging port are on top of the phone. The up, down volume settings, power button, & camera button are on the right side of the phone. The speaker is at the bottom of the phone. The camera is at the back, in the center of the phone. Overall, I don't like the design of the phone but I can't do anything about it.The phone is terrible. The battery runs out very fast even though I barely use the phone & I mean in terms of camera, internet which means wi-fi. I have to charge the phone daily. I switch off my phone daily at night around 11 p.m. till 8 a.m. While I charge it, the phone is off but it kept turning back on. There's something wrong with the phone. The phone has to be on while charging it, I suppose which is silly. The phone does not indicate that it was fully charged. I have to turn on the screen to see if has been fully charged. how silly!I had a nokia E71. That phone had more built- in applications than this phone does. Only things good about nokia lumia 800 are that it has a decent camera quality & music player.The E71 has a recorder in the phone to record my voice & I could e-mail the file I created. It has a call log to see the call duration & when was the last call. I had mp3 files which were music files- I could choose any of them to set as a ringtone.. When some one calls, the E71 would tell the person's name.  Nokia lumia 800 doesn't show me the last call's duration nor do the rest that I mentioned in this paragraph. I will have to install applications to cut out mp3 file or install a voice recorder.Please don't buy this phone. This phone doesn't have the applications I want. I bought this phone through Wireless Everything. Wireless Everything company in NY provide really poor service. I called daily to get a chance to speak to the technician about this phone. The technician never called me back so I never got to speak to one. They didn't care to help me about it so I just returned the phone.

Excellent phone

the only bad think i see here are nokia dont put notifications light in front,you think cel phone are off always , notifications light are important if got one please.i dont need sim card,is more that enoghou with this space i got all skydrive few month ago.works greati dont need front face camara,i dont need hdmi plug, i got all connect with the internet sky drive in into internet with my dvd/tv see videos, photos all are sky driveGreat phone hardware, great OS this wp mango, very impesse interface front this os, is amazing very pretty.is cant compare with android and apple. really i got xperia arc my experience with this android was f nightmare.never used android again, knowing this system wp never go back to android.for me the best OS actually, everything i need is here.

This phone is amazing. Windows phone 7 is just beautiful. I purchase the Nokia Lumia because I got tired of the apple's IOs. WP7 is way better than Android and the phone is solid as hell. The best black levels I have ever seen on a phone screen.Great sound and apps. MICROSOFT OFFICE!!!Some Little issues with the search boton (I accidentaly press it from time to time) and the screen keys could have a better shape to prevent miss typing.Overall, great phone. Cheaper than IPhone & better than Android.

Awesome! I choose this phone because I knew that Nokia and Windows won't ever disspoint me, specially when they're both on the same device! I'm so happy with this purchase! And about the seller, thumbs up! I got a brand new phone, I got it at the right time, and I was surprised to find in the package an adaptor for the socket, cause the phone's original charger is for european socket... and I never requested that! Thank u so much! :D
