
I got this phone about a month ago and I'm really happy with it.  I switched from an iPhone 3GS and I absolutely love the increased screen size.  Everything looks crisp and clear and it is a joy to use.  I was a bit worried about the phone fitting in my pocket because of the large screen but it turned out to be just fine.  I'm thoroughly impressed with Windows Phone 7 and I am glad I made the switch.  There are a few apps that I used to use that are not available on the WP7 app store, but there have been suitable replacements in most cases so I can't really complain.  It's just a matter of time until the apps make their way over to WP7 and the marketplaces are equivalent.  I'm really starting to like the voice components built into the phone, composing messages and things are easy and end up quite accurate, MS did a great job with that area of the phone.  I am finding new things to love about the phone and Windows Phone all the time and I definitely recommend the Titan to anyone.

Pros: Big screenGreat OS with windows phonevery good camera and flashbuilt wellNot to heavyCons: Windows OS does not have the app store that android and IOS provides so not as good of an app selectionOverall the phone is a winner and what i am semi complaining about is windows marketplace and how limited it is compared to android and iphone. I would recommend this phone because of the integration with facebook and the office hub with word, power point, and excel. Also the main page is more eye catching and not as boring as the IOS home.

This phone is great inside and out. I'm a WP7 game developer so the review of the OS is a little biased so I'll focus on the hardware:The screen is beautiful and bright (very bright) and makes it a joy to type messages. I was coming from a Samsung Focus so I was a bit dissapointed that it was not super amoled but at this stage its hard to notice without sticking them right next to each other. The hardware feels nice a solid but it also feels like its going to slip right out of my hands. For this, I recommend a case (I prefer case-mate) as some can make hitting the power button a bit difficult.The biggest problem is that its too big for me and I have trouble turning the phone on and off with one had. for those with large hands it will not be a problem.My favorite aspect is the camera which has surpassed my already high expectations.

This is my second Windows Phone 7 phone so I may be a bit biased.  The only reason I am though is because WP7 is such an awesome mobile OS, especially when combined with beautifully built hardware from HTC.First, I'll discuss the updated mango edition of WP7.  Microsoft has vastly improved upon its previous version by including tightly integrated Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Messenger support.  There is now Facebook chat directly from within the messaging application.  The speed of the OS has improved a ton, and is as smooth as ever.  All mango apps can now fast resume, and you can long press the back key to bring up the open/suspended apps for quick app switching.  Also, much improved are the live tiles; tiles can now flip to display additional information.  Those are the major visible enhancements from before but there are dozens of other minor tweaks that make using WP7 easier and more fun to use.  So if you're sick of grids of icons and scrolling through different homepages to get the information you want, WP7 is certainly worth a try.  It allows you to put all the information you want right on the main screen without having to open an sms, email, rss, weather, etc... app to just see if you have a new something to view.  But best of all is that WP7 is a robust OS, no hangups, no random resets or force closes.  It only reboots when you want it to reboot.  Pretty ironic since it's a Microsoft made OS.Now onto the hardware.  This is probably my 5th HTC device and it is the best built by far.  The build is reminiscent of the Droid Incredible in that the screen and guts are one piece and fits into the back cover.  The back cover is metal so it has a solid feel and the entirety of the phone has a nice heft for the size of the device.  No creaks or unsightly seams are anywhere on the phone.  All the buttons stick out enough to press in a pocket.  A lot of people sneer at the cpu and ram specs but it isn't a problem since it's running WP7.  With Android you have to have a dual core but not for WP7.  The rest of the specs are par for the course these days, with one exception being the wonderful rear camera.  This phone's cam can replace your point and shoot.  It is really that good.  Its the best phone camera I've owned.  Now, the first thing anyone notices about this phone is the huge 4.7" screen.  It's a beautiful display, solid bright true to life colors and deep blacks.  I've not suffered any of the ghosting issues people have mentioned.  People think the resolution is too low for such a big screen but I don't think it is a detriment at all.  I would love to have 720 res on this as well but 480 is very usable, especially when the OS is designed for 480x800.  I no longer have to squint and place the phone 10" away from my face to read an article.  I can hold the phone a comfortably 2' away from my face and still read text.  And, even up close I cannot see the individual pixels.Finally, since nothing is ever truly perfect there are a few minor things I have to point out.  First, the phone is BIG, especially since I don't have the largest of hands.  It took a couple of weeks to get used to.  You'll need some  sort of skin on the back and sides to get better grip for one handed use.  I'm apprehensive about using a case since it'd add to the size of the device, so the best bet is a silicon skin of some sort.  Second, At&t; fake 4G sucks balls.  I've not been able to get better than 3-4mbps and probably average only 1-2mbps.  Third, my phone had a very slight down movement of the screen into the back cover when making presses on the screen.  I solved that by sticking 2 post-it notes on the inside of the cover to take up slack space.  Outside of those things I haven't had any other issues, yet.

Hands down the the HTC Titan beats iPhone 4S and all Android phones - with the possible exception of the Samsung Galaxy Note. It is a 4G phone and although it has a single-core processor it still runs faster or just as fast as phones with two-core processors. I ordered this phone 6 weeks ago from Amazon and it took two weeks to arrive. I replaced my Dell Venue Pro - also a great windows mango phone only that it is 3G and has a smaller screen. I gave the Dell to my son, who loves it because it runs windows and because it has a pull-out physical keyboard. I will give the HTC Titan five stars because, after using it for 4 weeks, I think that it is a badass phone. However, I would not say that it is a perfect phone for two reasons: (1)there is no Citrix app that will let me access my computers at work.  This is more a fault of Microsoft/Citrix not to create this app, but this is not a simple problem they can manage to ignore since most people bring their phones to work or do some work on the road. (2)HTC Titan II is going to be available to AT&T customers (saw it in YouTube CES 2012 video). The Titan II has 16MP camera (not a major concern for me) and will run at 4G-LTE speed (this is what makes me drool). Check YouTube for a comparison between TiTan I and Galaxy Note (an android phone)and between Titan I and Titan II. I don't think you can go wrong with any of these phones.

I've had Androids, multiple iPhones on and off, and most recently the iPhone 4s. This is truly a game changer.  Smooth OS, Battery life is amazing, gorgeous HUGE screen. If you are coming from an iPhone or Android. Give yourself a few days before you toss it down and say, UGH a new OS I don't get it. IT's easier than either of the other two OS but you have to look and see all the features before you get fed up learning a new one. It's not complicated, I gave my father a Verizon Trophy WP7 and he loves it. Had ZERO issues learning and understanding it. Really impressed and hope microsoft continues updates and tweaks to a really great new competing OS. World is better with competition! :)

I love my HTC Titan. It's the best phone I have ever owned and the display and screen size are absolutely amazing. After using this phone for couple of weeks now, going back to my old Samsung Focus feels really weird. The titles look small and the display quality is just inferior. To me it looks like Titan and WP7 were made for each other. I would recommend this phone to anyone who loves a big and gorgeous screen and a fun and easy to use operating system.

I upgraded from a Samsung Focus to the Titan.  I have been waiting for this phone for years.  It's about time AT&T; put out a phone with 4.3+ screen size.  Speaking of the screen, it's great.  As good as or better than the Focus (I still have two).  Don't let the size scary you, its barley larger than my Focus so pockets and cases have not been any problem so far.  I cannot tell that it is really any faster than the Focus as Windows Phone is a quick OS to begin with.  I purchased for the larger display and additional storage.  The attentive phone setting are nice, I missed those from the Windows Mobile days.  Also HTC gives more options on screen timeout than the Focus (all the way to never go off).If you want a powerful phone OS that is easy to use and you use a PC this is the phone to get.  It's not too complicated (Android) or tied into the Apple ecosystem.  The integration with SkyDrive in Windows Phone 7.5 is wonderful.  You access documents, pictures, etc. and share them with others too.  I share all of my pictures with family members and they can access everything on their Windows Phones without doing any work, just have my contact information.  Calendars are great too.  I have business, person and family shared calendars.  I have yet to find an app that I need to be missing from the market.  50,000+ apps are plenty to comb through.  I will admit the OS lacks some customization features, but as a power user you get tired to constantly trying to tweak / customize a phone.  I find the live tiles and constant updates provide plenty of customization / differentiation for the phone.

I have been a Symbian and Android avid user, and occasional iOS and BB user. After following the Windows Phone 7 development for quite a while, I decided to give it a try to replace my Android device.After considering my options for an unlocked device, since the product would be used abroad, I chose the HTC Titan as nothing can beat its price with no contract.I have been using the phone for almost a week now and am quite delighted with it. The WP7 experience is very good. The Metro UI is smooth, well designed and easy to read. It is very well suited for a phone, unlike the other UI's which seem to be a carry over from PC to phone.I haven't missed yet that there is really no multitasking, as apps are put on standby mode and then reactivated when in use. If the app is well designed, there should be no problems. This allows the phone to have less hardware and thus battery requirements.As for the hardware itself, the phone is very well built; very sturdy. I find the design very attractive, with the curved side bezel making it look and feel very slim.My gripes at the moment:- Wish for more apps, but that should change soon as Microsoft and Nokia push the platform aggressively and as more users like myself find the platform appealing.- For such a beautiful screen, it should have a higher resolution, although I have not experienced pixelation, and the screen is adequate for most uses. The only place I wish for more is when viewing web sited designed for a 1024x768, so a higher res would allow to fit more of the pages.All in all, a great phone with a wonderful OS. Give WP7 a try and you won't regret it.

I absolutely love this phone!  The screen is beautiful, and the OS is simple and quick on the 1.5Ghz processor.  The battery life is much better than my Apple iPhone 3GS or my wife'sHTC Inspire 4G Android Phone.  It only has a few minor quirks.  The volume is the same for everything: ringtone, music, videos.  The only different volume level is the volume of in-call sound.  It would be nice to have a separate volume level for ringtone and music/video/etc.  Another quirk, I can't plug this phone into my car's USB and play music as if it was an MP3 player.  It works great over Bluetooth, but I like have the controls on the dashboard so I don't have to pick my phone up.

I bought the HTC Titan on "Black Friday" and I must say that I'm very happy with my purchase! Upgrading from a Samsung Focus, I decided to stay with the Windows Phone devices because they are fast, reliable, and fun to use. I've owned an iPhone 3G and a Samsung Captivate (Android 2.1) in the past, but I prefer the setup of Windows Phone 7.5 overall for my cellphone needs.To make this review easier to navigate, I'll break it down into some of the features I consider most important about this device...1) SIZE & SCREEN: Okay, the first thing I noticed about the HTC Titan is that it's one BIG PHONE! Sporting a 4.7" Super LCD screen, the Titan made my old Samsung Focus (4" Super AMOLED screen) look like a toy! Even though the Titan has a large screen, I still find it comfortable to hold, because the body is pretty thin. While waiting for a phone case and holster to arrive from Amazon, I've been carrying it comfortably in my jean and jacket pockets without any problems. You will hear plenty of folks complain about the Titan's lower screen resolution (480 x 800) compared to Android and iPhone devices, but I don't think it's a problem. Everything displays sharply and well-lit on the Titan and sometimes I casually display it in the presence of iPhone and Android users, just to get a reaction ("Hey, look at THAT!"). Anyway, its like having a 60" 720p HDTV (Titan) and comparing it to a 32" 1080p HDTV (iPhone/Android)... give me the BIGGER SCREEN everytime! Bottomline: the Titan has a large, beautiful screen which looks great compared to other phones. Ignore the haters!2) PROCESSOR SPEED: The snappier 1.5GHz Processor on the Titan compares favorably to other phones! For those who are considering high-end Android devices or an iPhone 4S just because they have dual-core processors, rest assured that the HTC Titan is no slouch when it comes to speed. Overall, I noticed no slowdown while using my device to run apps, games, or videos. Windows Phone 7.5 doesn't currently support dual-core processors, but there really isn't a need at this point.3) 16GB MEMORY: Okay, this area is really a shortcoming, in my opinion. Why did HTC only install 16GBs on this beast? Even my old Samsung Focus was expanded to 40GB of memory space! Microsoft needs to really raise the bar in this area, in order to stay competitive. If we are supposed to load our phones with content, why not give us the extra storage space to do it?! Bottomline: HTC needs to expand the storage space to at least 32GB.4) WINDOWS PHONE 7.5 (MANGO): The Windows Phone operating system is a complete joy to use. Using a home-screen comprised of tiles, you can start your favorite apps pretty rapidly with this device. Multi-tasking is similar to the iPhone in everyday use. Just press and hold the "arrow key" on the phone and you will see screenshots of previously used apps or functions displayed like a row of playing cards. Tap the "card" of your choice and you'll be back in that program in a flash! Windows Phone 7.5 also offers great features like Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, Microsoft Office, Xbox LIVE, and Bing integration. Want voice recognition software? Just push and hold your "Windows key" and you can issue a large number of commands to your phone (i.e. "Call Lisa", "Local Weather", "Open Office", etc). Microsoft Office integration is greatly improved on Windows Phone. You can access numerous Office files (Word, Excel, OneNote, and Powerpoint) by storing them on your phone or syncing with an outside source like Office 365, Skydrive, or Windows LIVE! Speaking of Windows LIVE, you can import your contact list and appointments in a flash with this operating system.5) TURN-BY-TURN NAVIGATION/GPS: I had a chance to use the turn-by-turn navigation on this device and its pretty good! You can pair your device to your car's Bluetooth connection (if equipped) and hear the commands over your radio speakers. Miss your turn? Tap anywhere on the map and you'll receive updated directions!6) 4G SPEED: Hey, this Windows Phone has 4G speeds using HSPA+ networks! Try that, iPhone lovers!7) WINDOWS MARKETPLACE: Not something specific to the Titan, but it definitely bears mentioning. As of this writing, the Windows Marketplace has over 40,000 apps available for download. Sure, its not near the numbers available on the iPhone or Android devices, but its still a significant number. You will find popular apps in the marketplace, like Weather Channel, Amazon, Kindle, Netflix, Google Search, and a ton of other useful apps. Most apps offer a "trial mode", so you can try them out before purchasing. AT&T; will let you buy them using a credit card or by adding it to your phone bill. Look up "Windows Marketplace" online and check out the selection for yourself!8) HTC APPLICATIONS: The Titan also has some great apps available for FREE from the manufacturer! I downloaded a Skype-like application (Tango), YouTube viewer, LED flashlight app, weather hub, and calculator.9) 8MP CAMERA/720p CAMCORDER: The Titan has an awesome 8MP camera with auto-focus and multiple settings. Additionally, it has twin LED flash and a camcorder capable of 720p resolution! AWESOME!!Well, I could go on and on about this device, but I'll bring it to a close. If you want to try something different (Windows Phone 7.5) and don't mind having one of the BIGGEST phone screens around, check out the HTC Titan! Its a great phone and I give it my highest recommendation!UPDATE: If you are interested in using Skype on this device, it isn't currently available for Windows Phone. However, Microsoft acquired Skype this year for $8.5 billion, so we should see a Windows Phone version soon. In the meantime, the Titan has a 1.3MP front-facing camera and supports a program called Tango. This program is similar to Skype in functionality and is supported on the PC, iPhone, Android devices, and Windows Phone.UPDATE (10/28/12): Just wanted to mention that Skype is now available for Windows Phone. Additionally, these Windows Phone 7.5 devices are expected to receive an upgrade to Windows 7.8 in the very near future. Although this phone will not be upgradeable to Windows Phone 8, it will still enjoy some of the same features which are not hardware dependent. I would still recommend this phone to anyone, because it is still awesome! The 4.7" screen still trumps the iPhone 5... HOOAH!!

This is my second Windows phone, I had the samsung focus gen 1 and it broke so i needed anohter one. Was thinking about the focus S but the cheap quality prevented me from getting it. I then looked at the Titan and the metal frame and size of the screen was amazing and the phone is almost as thin as the focus! fits great in your pocket and is great when watching videos. The sound quality is also very good with a pretty loud speaker. The 8 meg camera with two LED flash  and front facing camera  works nicely as well. I have taken a bunch of panoramic pics and it works perfectly. I think besides whatever Nokia comes out with, the Titan is a nobel competitor. I love this phone and WP7. If you need a big screen and slim design the HTC Titan is the right phone for you.

Ok. Im with htc titan for the past 30 days. It has being a great ride. I come from an iphone 4 and man thats an enormous leap.Windows phone 7 is most likely or best chance of having a future where we, users, come first. This OS is at least 2 years ahead of android and ios. Social network integration and the fluidity are the highights here.The hardware on the titan is great. Battery will last probably 30-40% more than the ipone( i know, it sounds much but istand by performance is different from anything you hav3 seen. Camera is on par with the top ones and has one of the best led flashes on the market.the aluminium back feels so solid and scratch proof as the front glass. Also it manages to be thinnerthan most of the phones. The 4.7 screen is awesome for pretty much everything we do on a phone.If u have the chance, buy it, you w will love it and have a great time. There is no way to not be impresed when u hold it in your hands.Buy it, im not from htc, not from microsoft. Just a brazillian very satisfied customer,Thanks

I'm all about Windows Phone. I'll never do any other phone, ever. I almost switched to iPhone but no, never.

I was waiting for this phone to come on state side since it was announced. I wanted to compared it against Samsung Focus S as well. I saw Focus, and felt cheap, and decided to get this one. Fortunately BestBuy had this for 0$ on Cyber Monday, and I got one. After getting it my wife liked it too, and I saw a deal on Amazon (add a line for $0.01), I walked in to my local AT&T; store (Madison West), and they price matched it. so now I have two HTC Titan's for $0.01 :)Great Windows Phone Mango experience on beautiful gigantic screen.. at first you may feel its big, but after two days of using you will get used to it.. Now handling Samsung Focus flash feels like a toy..Pros:1. Great OS2. Great Screen3. easy to use controls4. very responsive touch screen5. great HTC apps (with windows phone, Microsoft dictates most of the hardware spec. Each manufacturer is free to distinguish themselves with build quality and device specific apps)6. great (very loud) speaker for music (it has 5.1 surround if you connect it to a dock)Cons:1. Speakerphone volume is very low. For some reason they don't use loud speaker for speakerphone, instead they just use speaker used for handheld use (which goes against your ear) for hands free calls too, hope they fix it in next firmware update.2. Currently "People" hub in Windows Mango does not fetch private messages from Facebook. You need to install dedicated Facebook app to access them. Hopefully next OS update adds that feature too.3. that large screen needs lot of battery too, so you may have to charge it on a daily basis (I am getting 1.5 day use out of one charge, and I use it a lot, to read, browsing etc).

Calling all Windows Phone fans, the iPhone of Windows Phones has landed. The Titan is undoubtedly the best Windows Phone on the market right now, with greased lightning operation, top of the line camera, and absolutely GORGEOUS screen. Build quality on this behemoth is superb, with its wonderfully designed and machined unibody means this god-threatener is ultra slim and feels great in your hand. All together, this phone is THE Windows Phone to have.For those who are wondering about how that single core processor runs, the answer is fast. Way fast. Considering that my old Trophy ran WP7 on par with the iPhone running iOS, the Titan takes it to a whole new level. The boost from 1 GHz to 1.5 really allows WP7 to shine. In the 6 months that I had my Trophy, not ONCE did I have freeze-ups or even stutters in operation and so far neither has my Titan. That is more that Android can certainly say. The thing is, Windows Phone doesn't need dual core power to run like butter. Battery life is great which is probably due to the single core; after a day of moderate use I can still make it home and have 50% life remaining. If i use WP7s battery saver feature, end of day battery life is around 60%. The OS has a smoothness that not even the iPhone has, and all together a million bazillion times prettier than either of them.For those of you worried about the low resolution, stop. Can you see pixels? Yes, but the beauty of this phone is that 1, Windows Phone's interface looks just as good blown up as it does shrunk down, and 2, there is no need to hold the phone 3 inches from my face. In fact, i can hold the phone at arms length and still be able to comfortably use it. Web pages look great in the the browser, and apps that utilize Metro put any and all well designed Android apps to shame.  The screen is on par if not better than the Focus S, considering that whites on the Focus S's Super AMOLED Plus screen has a bluish hue. Contrast is almost as good as the Focus S, and direct sunlight is no problem for the 4.7 inch panel. If you get a chance, I encourage you to check out both phones at an AT&T; store, you will be surprised at how great the Titan screen really is. As a bonus, despite its titanic screen, the bezel around the screen is ultra slim, giving the phone a surprisingly smaller profile than one would initially assume.I was worried that the size of this phone would be a downside, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that its not an issue at all, and my hands are not really all that "big." The massive slab of sexy fits in my pocket fine, although i cant make any promises for those who wear skinny jeans. The benefits to the big size is that while it gives you a generous amount of canvas to play on, it doesn't look so ridiculous to hold up to you face. And showing off pictures and video is actually enjoyable; no worries about poor viewing angles, and the phone can be held back far enough for everyone to see.The camera really shines in indoor shots, and is really astounding how much light it is able to draw in from limited light sources. Macro shots are great, panorama mode is AWESOME and makes really good wide angle shots, and video at 720p is top notch. The 1.3 megapixel front camera takes good shots (good for a front facing secondary camera that is.) One disappointment is the lack of Skype in the Marketplace, but with Microsoft's recent acquisition of Skype I'm sure an app will be showing up soon, or better yet built in to the OS itself just like Facetime is built into iOS.So to wrap up, this is one of the best phones available PERIOD. Great build quality, superb performance, and a rich and well rounded ecosystem (ie. Office, Zune, Xbox, and Exchange,) make this an imposing threat to the smartphone gods. So ready your lightning bolts iPhone 4S, gather your vast armies Android elite, because HTC and Microsoft has just released your challenger from Tartarus, and this time your fate doesn't look to good.

I have been a fan of the Microsoft platforms since my first Pocket PC.  I have had Windows Mobile and now Windows Phone.  When I saw the deal for a penny on 4G Windows Phone I had to have one.  To tell you the truth I did not know what I had.  I bought it online.  I looked at the specs and the reviews and made my choice of the HTC Titan.Well I was surprised when I received it and started playing with it.  This phone is huge and fast.  I could not stand trying to type on smaller phone screen keyboards.  This phone is a pleasure to type on. Did I mention fast.  The phone has yet to lock up on me and I have had it since November.I love how the apps integrate. Not only do the factory apps integrate, but the many of the apps on the Market do to.  Quick example.  You want to post picture on a social network, or send it to another app, email, photo bucket, evernote, whatever. With the phone off, hold down camera button. The phone will turn on with the camera app. Snap a picture, click the three dots at the bottom.  You will get your list of social networks, apps emails, tap and your done.When you do a search by hitting the magnifying glass button. type movie. It list the movies at your local theater. You can tap a movie, check info on the movie. slide over a screen hit buy a ticket and another app launches to buy your tickets.The scout tile is nice. tap it and local places to eat and drink see and do show up.  Speaking of tiles the Tiles are alive and completely customizable. Different images and information is always flipping on the tiles.  Like my contacts if they send me a text, tweet, email for example there tiles show it.All your social network contacts, if they have pictures it shows up under that contact.  Let's say your friend has social network accounts.  You tap on your friends tile, slide over to albums and all there pictures they are sharing Facebook, Windows Live, etc are there.Okay, I do have one dislike.  The navigator took a step backwards from Bing on Windows Mobile 6.5. There is no auto reroute when you go the wrong way and you have to tap to get the next direction. I had to purchase the Garmin app to get around this problem.The Titan is my personal phone.  I have an Android from my employer. The Android has nothing on my Titan.  Check out "I got smoked by a windows phone" videos on YouTube. Ben the PC Guy went to CES 2012 with $100 dollar bills.  He challenge all other smartphones to task the other user was familiar with. If they could beat him with there phone, he gave them $100. The Windows Phone won 88% of the challenges.  Enough said!

It's just an amazing experience working with Titan! I used to be an iPhone use and I understand that there are many tiny little features that are still missing from this platform, but Titan compensates for that ...Titan is ALL good, but:1. microphone's quality is not good at all2. buttons are hard to get used to3. As you know, you can remove the back cover to change the battery or replace the SIM card. although it's no big deal, I noticed a cushiony feel while pressing the bottom side of my phone when its cover is on. It's not visible at all, but I'm hoping it doesn't get worse ...I still prefer Titan (+ Windows Phone) to other phones/platforms!

The best smart phone of the year. Great size with impressive graphics. Call quality is great and not a problem as reported by some reviews. User interface is simple and touch screen has fluidity and yet prcise. Voice texting really works. E mail fonts are large and easy to use. Opens complex word or power point documents with ease and they are actually readable. Camera is unbelievable for a smart phone.Reasonable number apps are available and they can be tried for 30 days before charge.Battery charge is good enough to go thro a day (moderate use) without worrying about loosing power.Several profesional reviews are biased against Microsoft. A similar product by Apple would have received rave reviews. You will not be disappointed by this phone.

Both the phone itself and Windows Phone 7 (7.5 really) are wonderful - A smart phone with lots of apps and abilities, yet fast, slick and intuitive. The email/skydrive/MS Office (mobile) integration is very impressive, apps like OneNote work/integrate on the phone and in your browser seamlessly (free too!)If you like ebooks (.epub), the Bookviser app (free) is amazing, and the Titan is plenty big to be a real reader!

Being new smartphone user I tried all sorts of phones before choosing the Titan. I bought it back on Dec 1st. Problem with shortage of units for sale from Amazon caused me to almost not get it for Christmas. A quick call to Amazon and I had my titan on the  dec. 8th. Overall was pleased with packaging from Amazon and good customer support for the newbie smartphone user as well as newbie amazon wireless purchaser.I've had a blast the last 2 and half months to play with it. It simplify's what i take with me. I no longer need a nook due to I can read books on my titan. Apps make the titan fun to own. I got Angry Birds, Weather.com, Freda, Wiki, Metrotube etc. It runs faster then my sons Iphone4s and I beat a Samsung galaxy 2's ability to play music fast when i just pushed a tile and automatically started. I'd be lost without my Titan.Love it!

The Titan has proved to be a great phone. The large screen is perfect for displaying photos, but still small enough that I have no problems carrying it in a jeans pocket. I also don't find the size difficult to use even though I don't have large hands.The battery life has beaten my expectations and Windows Phone 7.5 runs very smoothly on it.

== The terrible... which makes this phone useless .... ==Terrible call quality!!!My whole family is having terrible call quality with our Titans. We even went to the ATT store to try experiemtning with new devices (we've only had ours for a week) and even new ones out of the box sounded terrible. Everyone is complaining that I sound marbled and distorted. This isn't acceptable -- HTC, if this isn't fixed, we wont have any choice other than to return these devices.=== The Absolutely Great ===We love the screen size (i have small hands even, but this sceen size rocks).  The aluminum casing. the camera. and of course, the windows phone operating system is great!!! We upgraded from iPhones and we like the Windows experience a lot more.

I bought this phone for my husband as a Christmas gift, based on all of the positive reviews on Amazon and other sites. He had a Galaxy phone and was happy with it, but I though he may like a change. The screen of the Titan seems even bigger than the Galaxy. It fits comfortably in my hand, even thought it's a really big phone. The screen is bright and crisp. Windows is butter smooth- and FAST.If there is one negative, it's just that there aren't as many apps available for Windows as there were for Android or Iphone. I'm not really missing much, but that would be the only negative I can think of for this phone.I like the way that you can personalize the start page.I would highly recommend this phone. If you're trying to decide between this and another operating system, go to a store and check out how awesome this phone looks. It's HEADS and TAILS ABOVE both other operating systems, hands down.

I love Windows Mango. I love the hardware.unfortunately -- don't be fooled. This is NOT a 4G phone.There are rumors online that AT&T; is purposefully throttling down the '4G' speed of the Titan to ease congestion on the network.I can confirm that my data speeds are slowed than I'm getting with my 3G Galaxy Tab on Sprint.This is a real shame because I love this phone and I love Mango.i emailed AT&T; to ask them what the deal was with the "4G" speed, why it was so slow.They emailed me back their return policy.I think that says a lot.

Searh for "Terrible Call Quality" in google and first link will show up...device has basic call quality issue, bluetooth implementation sucks, bad internmet access and several places where other phones are able to get signals Titan is not seeing signals, and this is when it claims to be 4G phone....Iphone 3gs was giving me much better and smooth experience in those areas....If you can sustain with these issue phone is superb, top screen, Mango is just cool os, very sleek looking and good camera....I am using it from day 1 and got several complains about other person had issue hearing me....Update: 03112012Hotspot is another issue if you are using hotspot for over an hour and then try to make a call, it wont call at all (phone is getting hot)if you started hotspot surfing internet  on laptop, then try making a call and laptop internet gets disconnected, why?

I purchased 2 of these phones in the past 2 weeks.  One for my husband, and one for my father.  My husband is 6'10" so the phone is perfect size for him, and doesn't look very large.  My father isn't nearly that large, so the phone looks huge in his hand, but he wouldn't trade it for anything.Pros:*Camera is fantastic.  Just as good as my iphone 4s, and better than my iphone 4.*The OS moves smooth as butter.  Scrolls smooth over very long lists.  Despite being a single core processor, it moves faster than my brothers new atrix 2. Apps released on both platforms just open so much faster on the titan.*The way apps integrate with each other is pretty cool.  My husband rarely opens his facebook app, and doesn't need a seperate facebook chat app.*Office integration is fantastic, doubly so with share point (or so says my husband)*Husband also gets excited of his skydrive app.*Zune Pass at $15 is a great deal.*Speaker is loud and clear, and antenna gets the best ATT reception of all our phones.Cons:*There isn't an "accessory set" like there is for apple.  So many models means that there aren't cool docks and things like that.*Xbox Live games are ok and a little pricey.  iOS just has so many more games that are better.  My husband often plays card kombat with his friends on my phone.*Learning curve for the back button.I couldn't recommend this phone enough for the man in your life.  I couldn't use it honestly because it is massive in my hands, but I'm really impressed.  I'm considering switching to a Windows Phone when my contract is up if Nokia has some nice models.

For all of you that have been waiting forever for your titan to come it will eventually come I ordered mine on 11/21 and finally got it today and it is amazing! Well worth the wait. As an IT professional that has had ios android and now windows phone in the recent past I can honestly say windows phone is far superior than ios or android. Apple and google better step it up.

I bought this for myself for Christmas. Upgraded from a Verizon Motorola Droid 1. I was frustrated with the constant crashes and slowness of my Droid, even though had a pretty bare bones phone with minimal third-party apps. The Titan has such large viewing real estate space, but is still easily held in one hand. The large screen makes the live tiles that much more effective. Battery life is awesome. Windows Phone 7.5 (Mango) is so intuitive. It integrates perfectly with my Hotmail, Hotmail Calendar, Skydrive (for files), Zune, and handles Gmail better than my Android 2.3 handled Hotmail. I bought this over the Samsung Focus due to the larger screen, and sturdier feel, and I don't regret it.

i love my wp7 its just the best phone ever the os is the best i have usaed on any cell phone. i got my wp7 phone in feb of 2011 and i have no problem with my lg Quantum and if the HTC Titan is that good i have to get my wife one.becouse my wife is geting it in feb of this year.

The Titan name says it all.  Bigger is better.  Yes, it's true.  Wife wanted a phone with a keyboard but finding a Windows phone with a keyboard thats on the ATT network is impossible.  Actually got the LG Quantum but encountered some heat realted issues (as in it got so hot it could set things on fire!).  Returned the Quantum and got the Titan.  Figured it was the biggest and it would be easier for the wife to type on.  Yes it makes it easer to type on but the phone as a whole is so much more than just big.  It's really quite lovely to look at and to interact with.  The build quailty is great, the profile and weight are not what I expected for a phone this large (they're perfect) and with the Windows Phone 7 Metro interface the phone is unbeatable.  For people in the 40's the font sizes are great and the look is just plain beautiful.  OK enough gushing.  The only drawback so far was the amount of time I had to wait to get the phone.  BTW, have had the phone for about a month now and my wife loves it much more than her old blackberry.  As every other review has said, it fast, the cmera is GREAT, and the screen is clear.  If you compare specs the resolution may seem to be low compared to others but it works just fine.  Same goes for the processor.  A multi core processor does not make a faster phone, well written software makes a faster phone.One final note, from a Windows Phone 7 perspective, SkyDrive, Shared calendars, find my phone (wife uses that one a LOT!), Office, social media integration (aka Facebook and twitter)...all of these are really well done.  The phone is one stop shopping for all of that.

Ive had an iphone 3gs, and then 2 different high end androids, and even if the windows phone have lower specs than the two androids its still so much quicker and more reliable then the androids (and far more reliable than the iphone.) And even if the screen is alot bigger than the other phones i had the batterylife is still supperior, last for 3 days of normal use and 2 days for heavy use. Im impressed!

If your tired of ios or android and want something that just works, has a great screen, fits great in the hand, is quality made, and who's os is the only one that should be on a phone this is the one to get.  Nothing compars to the hardware or the software.

Windows Phone is amazing. The HTC Titan is amazing. After using an iPhone since 2007 (every model) I honestly didn't think it was possible to have a better smart phone experience. I couldn't have been more wrong. Windows Phone has brought about a refreshing user experience that just makes sense. It has all the things I want and several I didn't even know I wanted. The size of the HTC Titan has broken the tether I had to my laptop. The size of the screen makes the smart phone more usable for more things. And the camera is the best I've seen. The panorama shots are very cool. After using this for six weeks I must say, Windows Phone and the HTC Titan have a new advocate for years to come.

I bought this phone on sale from AT&T; after owning the iPhone 3G and 3GS.Here are my thoughts:-- Apps - I did some research at the marketplace to make certain that I could live with the available apps.  You should do the same. There aren't nearly as many official apps. I discovered that all of the apps I really need are there (like Amazon and Kindle). Those lacking 'official' apps have third-party alternatives.  I have since discovered that some of the Wikipedia alternatives are better than the official app on the iPhone.  The third-party Dropbox and Pandora apps seem to work well, too. The only hitch I had was that while some banks have official apps, mine did not.  I knew I could use the website.  Once I got the phone I realized that the large screen and the excellent browser made online banking a snap.  I can even pin the website to the start screen just like an app. The overall experience on the browser is actually better than the iPhone app.-- Windows Phone 7.5 - Incredible, smooth, fluid, fun, and (here comes an Apple word)... Magical. It is so cool to see your contacts from Gmail and Facebook being linked and all of that information flowing together.  I keep up with my grown kids better than ever thanks to that integration. The screens are beautiful and stark. There were a few new tricks to learn since it doesn't work like the iPhone, but it is so refreshingly different from everything else out there and, in my opinion, better.-- Battery life - no difficulty going all day long and then some on a charge.  Even with heavy usage  I don't run out of juice. There is a low-battery mode that cuts some of the background activity when you are low. I enabled it just in case.-- Email - a cinch to set up.  The large screen makes it so easy to use.  Also, I can search easily in any inbox and not just phone-wide.  Since this is my work email, that alone makes it worthwhile. I especially like how sideways finger flicks take you through all mail, unread, flagged, urgent, and back to all so fluidly.  I find myself doing more than triage - which is what I mostly did on my old phone.-- Calendar - great with one exception - I would prefer more views.  Once again, the high-contrast and beautiful typography makes reading a snap.  I agreed to a party on Facebook and it showed up on my calendar in a different color than my work events.  That was cool.-- Voice - Better than the old iPhones but still needs work.  Reading of incoming texts when I'm in the car on Bluetooth is great.  Text-to-speech in reply works well most of the time, but there are times when it just can't work out what I'm saying.  I'm sure if I had an earpiece with the mic near my mouth it would be better.-- Office - Works well with SkyDrive integration.  I take my notes in OneNote and replicate them to SkyDrive, so I have immediate access.  Having all the Office apps is a real advantage since this is mostly a work tool for me.-- Phone - I almost forgot that this thing is a phone.  Call quality is acceptable but could be better.  The phone doesn't seem to drop calls like the iPhone.  I don't know why, but it hasn't dropped a single one.  I never went even a couple of days without a dropped call on the iPhone. Speakerphone is good and loud.-- Screen - I waited too long for this - This screen is AWESOME! I am not getting any younger and I love how much easier it is for me to read this screen.  It is first thing that people notice.-- Browser - I haven't used IE regularly in years, but this thing works really well.  I haven't had any real page formatting errors.  It doesn't seem to work with Amazon Cloud Drive, but that doesn't matter a lot to me.  One thing that I should mention relating to the OS, the screen, and the browser - the 'pinch to zoom' on this phone is so fluid and so easy that you just have to try it to believe it.-- Camera - I'm no camera nerd, but it seems great to me.-- Marketplace - no issues.  Buying and downloading is easy.  All of my favorite podcasts were available. Your mileage may vary.-- Zune software - This is a big win for me.  iTunes on Windows is a terrible program.Things that need improvement:*Top button a little hard to get at*Miss the single 'silent' button (although the one on the 3GS didn't function anyway, which is common)*Call quality could be better (but at least I don't drop calls)*Would love expandable storage (but I didn't get it on the iPhone either)Final verdict:Like I said - not perfect, but the best phone so far.  You'll love it if you get one, but you have to enjoy being one of the few.  There aren't a lot of other Windows Phone users out there... YET.

This is my first time writing a review on Amazon.  I have used Blackberry before, iPhone briefly, was a huge fan of Windows Mobile 6.5 (HD2, Touch Pro2, Touch Pro), did the Android thing for almost a year with a Dell Streak (2.2.2) and for about a month I have had the HTC Titan. It is hard to describe how beautiful this phone is (exterior and software-wise).  This phone is just a marvel.  it really just works.  Although I do miss some of the customizations from Android, I never have to worry about the phone freezing, an app freezing up the phone, something taking a day and a half loading like it would sometimes do on Android or just slow the entire phone down.  It's a refreshing new UI and it just feels so uncluttered like all the other devices.  The only problem I see with the phone is that Microsoft is behind it and that unfortunately carries some sort of stigma.  I went to three different AT&T stores trying to find this phone and the people behind the counter would do whatever it took to convince me to get an iPhone.  And then the reasons they gave me made no sense.  Regardless, this really is a wonderful phone.  You owe it to yourself to just go to the store and play with one for a while.  The phone may not have as many apps as Apple or Android but I have never found myself looking for a certain app.  Most of the popular ones are there and if not, there are equivalent apps.  It's just a wonderful phone.  It feels right. It's hard to describe.  If people can tear themselves away from the fanboy-ism and give it a shot, they will be impressed.

Very good build quality and good looking.Great screen (though HD would have been better as pretty soon phones will come out with qHD or HD display).Battery life is excellent. Lasts 24 hrs with frequent email usage, songs and occasional application usage. I do not call often though.Amazon did take a long time to ship it but I loved the phone.The people feature is very good and syncs up contacts pretty easily. The games are very nice in the big screen.Movies are good. The speakers are great on this phone and pretty loud to enjoy movies.I like the fresh look of the OS.Phone setup is great. I also found a wireless sync option is available with Zune but have not tried it yet. This would be very useful.The GPS is very good. Provides turn by turn directions pretty well.Overall a great phone for people who likes Windows 7 OS.

What can I say about this phone that hasn't already been said?  I just received it today after a torturing backorder and after playing around with it for a bit it was definitely worth the wait.  I've had all three major OS's and I must say the Windows OS is by far my favorite.  Pair the OS with the Titan's huge screen and clear display and the phone is just plain fun to use.  Even though my phone prior to the Titan was the HTC Surround, I still feel like I got a brand new device with a new OS.  It feels great in your hand, the display is phenomenal, the camera is the best HTC camera out and I would even go as far as to say one of the better ones in the market.  The panoramic feature and the burst feature (which I did not know about!) are really cool and actually work well.  Without creating this into a Windows review, I'll just say that the phone looks, feels, and works great!

I own a lot of electronics and this is atleast my 7th phone in the last 8 years(sony ericcson, orginal Razr, Palm Pre, Torch, iPhone 3GS, Droid bionic, Samsung Focus). I've never had as emotional an attachment to anything as with this amazing piece of machinery. Where to start?The first thing that caught me off guard(pleasantly) was the buttery smooth, gorgeous tile interface. It took me 10 seconds to figure out that the long press was my best friend and I've customized my digital finger print by putting my actual frequent contacts on the front instead of a silly contact list(why bother with a click, then a browse and then another click or even more stupid a search??). Android allowed me to do this, but not like this. This is plain simple - even my mom(60) and dad(69) who are tech luddites of the highest order figured this out in seconds. Speaking of which maybe that's the best endorsement - my parents have found this phone, bar none, to be the most intuitive, easy to use devices. I was shocked to find my mom, who has difficulty using a PC despite being around the things for decades, using the phone so easily.But enough about the OS. You can read about that in other reviews. Short opinion - nothing holds a candle to Windows Phone Mango - in real world usage. Doesn't matter what your hardware is, the thing is THE most responsive, THE most intuitive, THE most aesthetically pleasing interface that strives to get the HECK out of your way and get you into what you want to do as quickly as possible.The Titan. What an apt name. Except that it doesn't feel like you're holding a giant in your hand. Maybe they should have called it the gentle Titan? I don't know what HTC did, but the phone feels solid and not bulky. It almost defies logic, but I find it easy to hold and use. I have normally sized hands(I'm 5'9") and this thing feels excellent in my hand. The screen is gorgeous and unless you actually hold it next to the Samsung Focus(Super AMOLED), you wouldn't think that a better screen is possible. At higher brightness levels it's simply outstanding. What I like a lot more with this model is that it goes very low in brightness when I'm reading ebooks at night. Yes, I read eBooks on this giant screen on the Amazon kindle with the lights all out. It is the only device I read on now - which is kinda sad because I thought I would never find anything better that the new Amazon kindle to read on.\Browsing websites on this thing is buttery smooth and a joy because I no longer have to squint at full desktop versioned sites on the mobile screen.The camera is by far the best I've used on a phone. The flash is bright and while it's no match for the higher end point and shoots, this thing produces beautiful, crisp photos that have people doing double takes when I tell them this was off my phone. Comparing pictures taken with other phoines at the same events only the iPhone 4S versions were comparable.I like the little features HTC has added like the attentive phone - if you want to silence the phone, turn it over onto it's face. If you're in a call and want to go to speaker mode, turn it over on to it's face and it's on speaker. It actually rings louder in your pocket or your purse and gets softer when you pick it up. How the heck they did this, I don't know - but that's freaking amazing! Maybe they use the light sensor or something to do it.Now for the shocker: battery life. I cannot believe how long a thing of this size goes. A FULL day of HEAVY usage is typical for me before I have to charge it. I have 6 email accounts all syncing constantly with calendar invites and reminders. I use a blue tooth device and I use the GPS constantly to find my way around. And I have blue tooth connections enabled to connect with the system in my car. I don't know why other phones of this size can't do the same - someone said it's because it's a single core processor on this phone.Now for the not so good:The speaker phone is capable but it's a little tinny at the higher volumes. My Samsung focus was better in this respect.Call volumes at default settings aren't always the best. If you go into System settings and enable the hearing aids section, this is fixed(and then some)Overall, I'm just amazed with this device. After hunting for years for the perfect electronic companion, I think I've found it.UPDATE: I forgot to mention the music/videos hub (Zune subscription and HTC's youtube app) and Skydrive support(all the photos from my phone are automatically synced so I don't ever have to upload or backup anything) - truly excellent apps that essentially keep all my stuff in the cloud.The only sad thing is that HTC announced the Titan II. It's got a 16MP camera! Still, I think 8MP is plenty. Also consider that the price of this phone may go down to the 1c special they had on Thanksgiving given that it's successor is out on AT&T;.

I own this phone, and I have to say that it really is as good as all the other reviews make it out to be. I don't have too much to add to what is already written, except to point out one thing you may not know: It is the ONLY phone on AT&T's website with 100% 5 star reviews and the only phone with 100% of the (61) reviewers recommending it to a friend (as of the time of this posting). That's the best rating out of every phone ATT sells! Yes it really is that good! My work pays for my phone, and I could have picked any phone from AT&T. I researched everything I could about every new phone, and in the end I am very happy with my choice. The Titan's screen is beautiful and the OS is super fast!

We bought 3 HTC Titan phones for Christmas (me, wife, daughter) through Amazon Wireless Black Friday sale for $.01 each.  After a couple days, I had a suspicion it was randomly restarting and soon caught it in the act while listening to my Zune music.  As it turned out, my wife and daughter's phone was doing the same thing, but a few weeks had gone by when we realized it wasn't just mine.  I searched forums to see if there was something related to the SIM card or a software update with Windows 7 Phone, but this is the first post I've seen since Dec 2011 that specifically describes the random reboot of the Titan phone.I called AT&T; - they said to call Amazon Wireless.  A support rep answered, I explained what was going on and expected to be transferred, and after she listed to my explanation, she said, "OK.  We'll get your replacements out to you overnight."  I was prepared for an onslaught of rabble rabble and was stunned how kind and courteous Amazon support was - I was off the phone in less than 7 minutes.  The phones arrived the next morning on my doorstep.A week into my replacement phones, no random reboots or other issues so hopefully it was a bad batch from Christmas.  Amazon said if it continues to happen, they will allow us to replace it with a different model.  One thing is for sure, I will definitely buy from Amazon again - what a great customer service experience!Windows 7 Phone is WAY better than my iPhone 3GS.  Glad I changed over - I'll never go back to Apple phones again.P.S. Where are all the Titan phone accessories?  Lame.

The HTC Titan is a great phone.  WP7 looks perfect on the larger screen.  Kudos to HTC engineering to make such well designed phone.  The screen coming so close to the edges of the Titan, makes the 4.7" screen seem right at home.  The phone doesn't feel overly large as you would expect.  Yes, it is large, make no mistake, but the screen is the best HTC screen ever made, and if you like WP7, this is the one to get.

What a terrific phone in so many ways!  Smooth operation, great screen, thin form factor.  Even though it's a large phone, the thin size makes it easy to carry.  Unfortunately, I had to return the phone because of the very poor call quality when using the built-in microphone.  People could barely understand me during some calls.  I did the reset as suggested by HTC, but this didn't help.  The sound was fine when using a headset, i.e, an alternate microphone.  The sound was also improved by covering the noise-cancelling mic on the back of the housing, so I suspect the noise correction algorithm is causing the sound issue.One other issue I had with the phone was actually a Windows OS problem -- there is no support for regular VPN.  This won't bother most users, but it's a deal-killer for many business uses.I may try the Titan again in the future when the mic sound issue is resolved.  I assume Microsoft will eventually solve the VPN issue.I did hate to return it, though!

If you are going to Windows Phone 7 give the Titan a try.Pros:1. Solid quality build. This phone has a premium feel to it. More so in my opinion than the Samsung Focus S.2. Large 4.7" touchscreen.3. Solid web experience.4. Very easy to navigate.5. Solid if low call quality. (Call volume only goes to ten.)6. Smooth, consistent, fast UI experience.7. Great battery life. Especially with manual email sync and background apps set to refresh only when opened. I go a full day without worry that I will run out of juice. Never happened with my android phones.Cons:1. Voices can be a little low coming from other parties. (This may have something to do with the ambient noise filter). Call volume only goes to ten.2. Volume button a can be little difficult to use at times.3. Side placement of usb port can make for some awkard charging placement on desk or consoles at times.4. Windows Phone 7 still missing a few finer details and some apps (Skype, **cough, cough** the official Yahoo Messenger **cough, cough**).6. Have tried different headphones and believe the music reproduction quality could be better.7. Maybe too big for some with smaller hands.

I've had my Titan since early December 2011 thanks to Amazon's one penny/Black Friday sale. There are lots of great reviews on here, many of them quite detailed. If you want a (somewhat shorter) synopsis, here it is.1) Great OS - easy-to-understand and actually fun to use/navigate.2) Beautiful screen - it's *BIG*, bright and sharp but still usable in one hand.3) Faaaaaast - the OS is tuned to run fast on the single core 1.5GHz CPU and I've yet to see a hiccup in launching/using multiple apps, which leads to...4) Loooong battery life - I've had this phone last two days without charging.5) Very good camera - I'm constantly getting comments on the pix that this thing takes. Every person that has commented thinks that I've uploaded my photos to my phone and not actually taken them with the phone's camera LOL There's also an external camera button that allows you to quickly access the camera w/o having to unlock the phone - nice touch!6) Great integration - if you use Office, Exchange, SharePoint, or Lync there's great integration already built-in and some improvements still to come. You can also have your pictures auto-uploaded to SkyDrive so they are automatically backed-up. Other integration with FaceBook, Twitter, LinkedIn, XBox Live is excellent as well.7) OEM apps - HTC has some really nice freebies that are included and others that can be downloaded as well. They also seem to be updated frequently.8) Bluetooth/speech integration - I was driving one day after buying the phone and was prompted over my car's Bluetooth connection if I would like to listen to or ignore a text message. Huh?!? It read the text to me and allowed me to respond to the text by speaking my response over the Bluetooth connection...wow...9) Call quality - this will vary with your location and cell tower reception but compared to my last phone/carrier, the Titan on AT&T; has been great! It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a CB radio anymore and I don't have to stand near a window or step outside for a good signal.10) Local Scout - want a quick suggestion about a new city you're in? This is one handy little app; very useful even in my home city. Tells me about places, events, restaurants I never would have known about. Very cool!11) Keyboard - this is my first virtual keyboard. While I miss the physical keyboard, I've gotten used to the VK and the predictive spelling/typing is quite functional.12) Miscellaneous - Fit and finish? Excellent. Screen/button responsiveness? Spot-on. Apps? Always a concern or joke about apps from other phone/OS users but there are more than enough and there are only so many $2.99 purchases I want on my phone. Customization? Nice middle ground between iOS' "Do it our way or no way" and Android's "Meh, go figure it out." AT&T;/AmazonWireless - both have provided great customer service. I was nervous about buying my phone online/through Amazon but activation went soooo smooth, no complaints. AT&T;'s plan pricing and nickel-diming customers to death...that's another story...For what it's worth, my work pays for my cellphone and cell plan. I could choose any phone and any provider I want. I switched from my previous provider (after 13 years) to AT&T; to get this phone (and it's my first WP7 phone).Hope this was helpful.

Great hardware to run the next evolution of smart phones.  The HTC Titan is a work of art.  The Titan is built great, offers one of the best displays available, and runs Microsoft's Metro UI faster than most other windows phone.  Windows Phones are just over a year old and they are already better than the much older Androids and Iphones.  They are not perfect but overall offer a better way to use a phone.  In November of 2011 Windows phones won the Operating System of the Year which was judged at the 2011 Know Your Mobile Awards.The most important thing about a smart phone should be security, and that in itself should exclude any and all Androids.  According to data from Juniper Networks in November of 2011, malware in the Android Market had jumped 472 percent since July of 2011.  Unlike Microsoft and Apple, Google does not have a strict approval process in place for its Market. Web surfing with IE9 also offers the best protection against social engineering malware, according to test results released in August of 2011 by NSS.  Windows phones use IE9 which blocks over 99%.  IE9 left the scores of competing browsers in the dust.  Google's Chrome, for example, was 13.2 percent, while Firefox 4 and Safari 5 was a 7.6 percent.Windows phones are amazing and this phone really makes the Metro UI fast!  For those of you new to windows phones let me briefly write down what I love about them.1: Large Live Tiles!  These tiles can flip and display information such as the weather in a city on one side and a Doppler radar image on the other.  You can (with the some apps) customize your own tile to include pictures, text, and links to web pages.  Tiles just offer so much more than icons and they are a lot more organized than Android widgets.2: Xbox Live!  With Microsoft's eco system, you can expect everything from email, to the PC, to Xbox to be blended together.  Take for example the games Kinectimals and Fable Coin Golf.  Those games allow you to transfer game info into the Xbox 360!  You can also transfer your Xbox 360 Kinectimals to the Windows Phones.  What I love about Xbox Live on the Phone is that you can see all the games your friends are playing via their Avatar and compare and compete.  I don't have to for example load Angry birds to check out the leader boards; Xbox Live shows me the achievements for all the games!  As a bonus you can watch your friend's avatars get upset when you have something they don't!  The Avatars also perform some fun displays in Windows Phones.  For example you can shake the phone and watch your avatar fall down. Lol. =)3: Vision button! I love this feature.  Go to a store such as Wal-Mart and press the vision button to find the item on the internet.  You can then compare prices and or read reviews.  It works as a barcode reader as well.  The vision thing works great for games locked up behind glass that doesn't give access to a bar code.4: Music button!  Hear a song on the radio or at a club and press the button to have it found.  You can then download it if you would like.  Works like Shazam which you can also purchase in the app store if you would like.5: Local Scouts!  Now this is handy!  Press the local scouts button to see what's around you.  You can find places to eat and drink, see things to do, shop, and find highlights.  Click on something and find all the information you need including phone numbers and directions.  Directions can also be read aloud.6: Speech:  A lot of talk has been around Iphones Siri but let me tell you that Windows Phones have awesome built in voice features too.  Hold down the speech button for example and say weather or weather in .... And it will show you either the 5 day weather forecast in your area or the city you asked for.  Say text or call someone in your contacts and it will call or text them what you say.  Say Open .... And it will launch the application with that name.  When you receive text messages you have the option to have them read aloud too.  It's simple works great.7: People Hub:  I love this feature as well.  All of your contacts will list every possible way for you to contact someone in your hub.  You can text, call, email, tweet, facebook etc.  You can see have addresses, web pages, and more listed in the people hub.8: Threads:  Threads are cool.  You could be texting someone on Facebook, then switch to texting their phone if you would like.9: Groups:  Group your friends in the people hub you would like.  Create a family group, club group, golf group etc.10: MS email:  Create a Live.com email and have all your contacts and Xbox live information displayed on your pc.  You can then from there locate your phone, make it ring, lock it, or even erase it.  You can also check out your skydrive and Xbox Live information.11: Calendar:  Have your facebook and work calendar placed on your phone.  Quickly let everyone know that you are going to be late for a meeting if need be.  See what's going on even on your lock screen.12: Zune:  I love Zune.  Yes you can use spotify if you would like, but I find Zune so much better.  If you choose to pay a monthly fee you can listen to all the music you want.  If not, that's ok because it will still play all the songs and videos you placed on your phone with ease.  Just plug your phone into your PC and you can transfer all the music, pictures, and videos to and from your pc you want.  When playing music you can see the artist, bio, and sort in a variety of ways.  You can even play a playlist with the artist pictures on the lockscreen. =)13: MS Office:  This was better than I thought.  OneNote is cool in that you have the ability to record a voice message, place pictures, text, and a subject line on a tile and pin it to your start screen if you would like.  PowerPoint works perfect too.  I could view stuff from my work on my phone.  Word and Excel are not too bad either. =)14: Search: I love the search button using Bing on the phone.  I can use voice and talk away and find what I'm looking for if I would like.  I can see images, web pages, connect with local scouts, see a mall in detail etc.  Bing interacts with all the features of the phone.  I can't see myself ever needing to use Google again.15: Maps: I love the maps feature of this phone as well.  I can get directions to practically anywhere and have it read to me if I wanted.  The Map detail is amazing and it also displays traffic.  As mentioned earlier, Bing has maps for malls as well.16:  Apps: This phone has plenty of apps now (over 40,000!) that can match most of what you can get on the older iphones and androids now.  You can choose from just about anything including a contact barcode maker that someone can scan and import into their contacts for example. You will have plenty of free apps as well.17: Picture albums: FB and Skydrive albums automatically load to your phone.  You can also load your friends FB pictures to your phone as well.  This is so much better than loading pictures every time I use FB.18: Cards: Hold the back key and see the last 5 things you were in.19: at&t;:  One of the cool things about this network is that you can place someone on speaker phone and use your phone at the same time.  Your text messages are not broken up into 160 letter paragraphs either. =)20: Camera: I love the 8mp camera on this phone.  It takes good pictures and best of all you can access it when the screen is locked.In conclusion this phone is a great and I'm sure will make any previous Iphone or Android user happy.  It does so much more than what I briefly wrote about.  This phone doesn't really lock up either; something I hear is very common with Androids.  I hope this review helps whoever is interested in buying this phone or a Windows phone in general.  Thanks for taking the time to read it.

This is a great product! I got mine during lack Friday sale. The build quality is awesome. The metal body gives it a solid feel. It cures at the edges so it feels great in hand. I had a Samsung Focus before this. It was a good phone. However once O got the Titan I can make out that the G1 Samsung Focus is slower. Web pages loads much faster on Titan and in general it is snappier.And for a phone this size the battery life is great. It lasted me from 8AM to 1 AM even when I had been experimenting this phone a lot throughout the day.And did I mention the big screen. So...so much better to consume content. The tiles on WP7 really shines through on the big screen.I am really happy with it till now.

Bought this phone with lots of hesitation. NO regrets whatsoever. Awesome Awesome Awesome!!The big screen (fits easily into hand)with great resolution scores full. I'm on email almost all the time and its a pleasure to use this phone.Oh boy... The 8 Megapixel camera is beats all most all other phone cameras on earth. I took the picture of same place with mine, my wife's Android (Motorola Atrix 2 with 8 MP camera) and my friends iphone 4S. My pics clarity is and the color is thousand time better than Atrix and few hundred times better than Iphone 4S.I agree that that the free app market is less for windows, but its growing! I have a free app for almost everything I ever needed.Coming to the main plus point.. The Windows phone OS.. You cannot talk of a phone and the OS as two separate entities. I was a big critic of windows phone. But Windows phone 7.5 is completely different. Try it out yourself. Getover the blocked minds of iphone. I think you can buy windows phone with 30 day return policy from most of the providers. once you start using this, you will not feeling like using anything else. Its a peoples phone. The way all the features are integrated together and the UI.. its super cool !All in all the windows phone 7.5 with HTC Titan is rocking !!!

As the title notes, this is the best phone I've ever owned. It is an easy phone to set up & use. I like that at my age. I had one dilemma though. I couldn't access the marketplace the day I got it. However, I talked to AT&T; & HTC tech support staff. Neither of them could help me fix the dilemma. I went to a local AT&T; store. An employee who had owned the phone worked with me, & I was out of the store in about 30 minutes. He knew exactly what to do.Should Windows Phones continue on this path, I will become an avid Windows Phone user. I purchased the HTC Titan, because of the good reviews I read & watched. It is everything noted in those reviews. The social networking, the buttery smooth operation (and I do mean buttery smooth, & the lack of bloat ware are the biggest selling points for me.Also, I am able to easily uninstall ATT & HTC software that came on the phone. The Marketplace is much smaller than IOS & Android, but I'm not from that orientation that believes that more is better. I love this phone. Try it sometimes. Just go to a store & handle it for a few minutes, & you may be able to identify with my experience.

The screen is great. Having such a big screen has waned my want for a tablet. The phone is snappy, has never froze, stuttered, or locked up once. The storage is plentiful coupled with the cloud storage. The live tiles are flatly fantastic.The perfect phone except for the lack of marketplace content and the archaic notification system. Both of which will be remedied with time and it is not the phone's fault for those anyways.I'm very happy I switched from my iPhone 4.

Thanks Amazon wireless for such a good phone and even better deal. I bought HTC Titan phone online on 11/22/2011 for $79.00. But there is a catch: I still haven't received my phone but I receive emails every morning from Amazon wireless to cancel the order because they were selling phones for 0.01 which they don't have (you gotta love this business model). Anyway, as a owner of Samsung Focus S phone, I can say everything good about windows phone OS and user interface.

After a few days of calling every ATT store in the Boston area I finally found a Titan in stock last night and picked it up. I was too impatient to wait and take advantage of the awesome penny deal on Amazon plus I was exchanging my Focus S for the Titan so I took to plunge. (The Focus S is an awesome phone too and I wrote a review last week on Amazon about it. I just wanted to try out the latest and greatest so I traded it in for the Titan)The Titan's screen is HUGE but the phone still fits nicely in to one had. HTC has designed this phone beautifully and almost the entire front of the device is filled by the screen. The bezel on the left and right side is almost nonexistent. This phone is gorgeous. The screen has a resolution of 480x800 which by today's standard is a bit low but you will be hard pressed to even realize this during everyday use. The Windows Phone OS looks fantastic on this screen and text is very easy to read. Videos and pics look outstanding and the super LCD really nails the correct colors accurately. You will love this screen.Under the hood the Titan is powered by a 1.5 GHz single core processor. I am not sure why other OS's require dual core processors because Windows Phone OS runs buttery smooth on this phone. No matter what I throw at this phone nothing slows it down. Microsoft has really done a wonderful job keeping this OS lightning fast.You get 16 GB of storage which for me is plenty. I have a ton of apps, games, music and videos on my phone and still have 9 GB free. Unfortunately there is no memory card slot so the 16 GB is all this phone will ever have. You do get access to 25 GB of free storage on Microsoft's SkyDrive which is integrated well in to the OS so you can always store your pics and docs in the cloud if you run low on storage.ATT markets this as a 4G phone but it isn't true 4G LTE but just the HSPA+ network which is still plenty fast. In Boston my average download speed is right around 4Mbps a second. Not too shabby at all. The call quality so far seems top notch but quite honestly I have only made a few. The signal strength in Boston isn't that great to begin with so at times I am running with only 2 bars of strength. It doesn't seem to impact calls or the internet so as long as things run well I do not care how many bars I have. It is something I will pay close attention to in the coming days and will update my review if things take a turn for the worse. So far things are fantastic though.The sound on this phone is great. It can get VERY loud when using headphones so be careful how far you crank up the volume. The external speaker is quite good for a phone but can get a little distorted when you max out the volume. The phone does not come with ear buds so you will need your own set. This really isn't an issue as most of the earbuds that come with phones are junk but I did find it odd that none were included.I don't want to talk about the OS too much as this is a phone review but for those who have not used Windows Phone yet you will be amazed at how awesome it is. This is the future of mobile now. Once you use this OS going back to iOS or Android is very hard and you will wonder to yourself how you ever got along without Windows Phone and it's brilliant Live Tiles and super smooth operation.While the app store is not nearly as large as Apples or Googles I have found that almost every app I used on my iPhone 4 has a counterpart on Windows Phone. You will also find the Windows Phone versions of your favorite apps look, feel and operate better than the ones on iOS. Wait to you open apps like USA Today or IMDB. They are truly magnificent. If you are a gamer and own an XBOX 360 then you really should be on Windows Phone as XBOX Live is integrated right in the OS and compatible XBOX Live games on Windows Phone include achievements so even on the go you can get those glorious little achievement notifications that some people have become addicted to!That is it for now. I have to get back to playing with my new phone! If you have any questions please feel free to leave comments on my review and I will try to answer them as soon as possible.UPDATE 11/24/2011 - I have had the Titan now for a couple of days and my opinion that this is a fantastic phone is just getting stronger. The battery life is outstanding. I took it off the charger yesterday and used it quite heavily the entire day and when I went to sleep at 11:30 PM I still have about 9 percent left. This phone will easily get you through an entire day.I have also now played with the camera and can say that the 8 megapixel camera takes great photos. Outside in daylight is where this camera really shines. I took some panoramic shot with the built in software and they came out quite awesome. The colors were very accurate. The video recorder works very well too and I got some great outdoor footage in glorious 720p. Taking pics inside the house at night with the flash on hurts the quality a bit but I still think the inside pics look a lot better than the ones I take on my iPhone 4. I think you will be quite happy with the camera's performance.UPDATE 11/25/2011 - Office is absolutely awesome on the Titan. While you don't get to see more of your documents on the screen compared to smaller phones due to the resolution what you do get are documents that are much easier to create and edit. I have noticed this especially while using Excel as each cell is much bigger and easier to manipulate. This phone just keeps getting better and better.UPDATE 12/03/2011 - 4G speeds. After researching 4G speeds on wpcentral.com it appears that AT&T; may be throttling their Windows Phones. In Boston where we have HSPA+ speeds I should be seeing twice the download speeds that I am currently getting. I still average around 4 Mbps which is fine for just about everything I have done so far but it sure would be nice to be up around 8. I am still leaving the review at 5 stars because the phone is still incredible but this is something you may want to consider if you are planning to switch over to AT&T;.

Very responsive phone with a crisp, clear screen. The Windows Phone 7 Mango OS also works as well as advertised. I especially found the integrated contacts in the people hub useful, as it made it a lot easier to organize and connect the infomation I had scattered across my phonebook, Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. The Local Scout app also makes it quite easy to locate nearby places, which comes in very handy when you are on vacation in unfamiliar towns.

Love the phone/screen/everything, except data connection. All wireless data, even a simple e-mail, was posted in cellular data plan when connected to both 4G and Wi-Fi (including McDonalds). When"cellular data connection" was turned-off and Wi-Fi kept on, no problem browsing the internet and did not see cellular data usage at ATT.com. But voice quality of calls got poor (no 4G, or 3G). Only 200 mb data plan since the phone is mostly on Wi-Fi (home & office). No such problem with iPhone 4S (cellular data connection off, fast access to internet, and good voice quality). Slow Wi-Fi connection after sleep. Will return it to vendor.

I have had many smartphones but this phone has been my favorite by far. It was extremely easy to set up and get going. Once it was set up I was happy to find how fluid everything was. The interface is modern the concistency and natrual flow of everything makes it easy to use. I would recommend this phone to anybody who wants a phone that can do everything but doesn't want to spend all their time learning how to use it.

I received my HTC Titan a couple of days ago as a result of upgrading from my iPhone. I was taken aback at the unexpectedly fresh (I know, the term is overused) experience. The phone's operation is smooth as butter as I navigate my way through the menus and applications. There are many nice touches that come with the new "Mango" version of Windows Phone operating system. Most of these niceties are in the form of tight integration of social apps into the phone's ecosystem. Coming from the lackluster facebook app available on the iPhone, I was plesantly surprised at how easy it is to contextually share things with my social network.As a little disclaimer, in my house we have an iPhone 4S, two iPhone 3Gs', four iPods, a Blackberry Curve, a Samsung Infuse Android phone, and obviously, this phone. That said, I am quite experienced with a variety of smart phones and i-devices. I also develop apps for Android, iOS, and soon Windows Phone 7x. I believe this puts me in a unique position to objectively compare each device in a day-by-day usage context. Having used the Titan for a couple of days now, I find it difficult to imagine going back to the iPhone or switching to an Android-based phone anytime soon, despite how charming Siri is :) With the Mango version of the O/S, I see a level of innovation that I've not seen for a while (apart from XBox Live) from Microsoft in a very long time. It is obvious that they've taken their declining smartphone marketshare to heart and have poured a lot of time and expense in coming up with something truly special.As far as apps go, all the apps that I regularly used on my iPhone are available for this phone. I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything. And if I am, I'll just build my own!I have to admit, when I ordered this phone online, I was a little concerned about how large this phone would feel, crammed into my pocket. As I mentioned, I also own the Samsung Infuse Android phone, which has a screen size of 4.5 inches (just 0.2 inches short of the Titan's). However, the Titan feels more sturdy, thanks to the metal body, and is equivalent in body size. It also feels fine in my pocket, thanks to its thin profile and curved edges.In conclusion, I am very happy with my decision of switching from my iPhone to this phone, despite my initial trepidation. I highly recommend anyone considering Windows Phone 7x to give this phone a try. I think you will be pleasantly surprised!

No Words for this phone. Best X'mas gift this year. Phone of the year for sure. I personally bought it. Windows 7.5 rocks.Battery runs more than 1 day.Keyboard is so smooth , display resolution is so nice, Camera is fantastic, Sound is great too. OS is amazing.Screen is big , its fun watching videos and playing games.Cons. Not many apps as iPhone but its on its way. It will rock soon.My personal Opinion after using this phone is quite positive.

Bought two HD7 for T-mobile (unlocked) and liked wp7 so ordered two HTC titan from wireless.amazon.com. It took more than two weeks to get the phone. Other than that everything went smoothly.Pros:1) Good quality2) Camera is amazing. It is way better than HD7's3) Display contrast is pretty good.4) 800x480 screen resolution is enough5) OS is snapping and very stableCons:1) There should data usage control such as "updating only on wifi."2) Known wifi connection after sleep is a bit slow. My advice is to make sure wifi is connected before you use data inensive app (I only have 200M plan).3) ATT should better price the data plan (200M-$15, 2G-$25?).I will write a future review after using it more.

I won one of these in a contest, not that it matters as I would have happily paid for it and was up to that point planning on doing so.  This is not my first Windows Phone, but it is my favorite so far.  The screen is amazing, the software is so fast and responsive, and the interface and hubs have made everything I need so easy and fast to get to.  I don't know how I lived with out these hubs pulling in all my stuff, organizing it, and putting it right at my fingertips.  I was not a facebook person before but the integration with this system is so easy and rich that it sucked me in.  If you want the BEST of BOTH Android (hardware/phone selection) and iPhone (stability/simplicity/music experience) PLUS Microsoft Office Mobile AND Xbox Live this is the one for you!

I've owned this phone for a little over six weeks now, and I can't say enough about it. It has it all - a really nicely designed and slim body, a beautiful, vibrant screen (4.7" sounds big, but I encourage you to hold one before ruling it out - the thinned makes it really nice to hold even at that size), and by far the most well-designed operating system out there - Android and iOS don't come close to the inspired beauty of Windows Phone 7.5. Seriously, if you're put off only by the Windows name, you owe it to yourself to actually sit down and play with one of these phones. Windows here means totally unique, creative design that is aesthetically miles ahead of the competition, and works perfectly smoothly at all times. Among the Windows Phones, this one is top of the line in terms of hardware specs, and the screen makes it a total joy (including leaving room for a big keyboard that is almost as easy for me to type on as a Blackberry).I couldn't be happier!

Once you go WP7, EVERYTHING else seems dull and outdated... Brilliant OS, and an amazing phone to show it off!  Only problem is it's quite difficult to find a good case...

My new HTC Titan with AT&T is the best smartphone I have ever owned. I had the HTC Surround before the Titan and I was happy with that one too. The Titan has a beautiful screen, super responsive, fast and Windows Phone is perfect for easy everyday efficient use. Not interested in the fragile overpriced iPhone or the power draining complicated Android.Watch out everyone, here comes Windows Phone!

Maybe I will do a video review later, but I just wanted to post some quick observations and comments since I have had the phone about a week now.I am a large guy, and have belly over the belt syndrome as well as being a bit wider than most. It only took me a short while to learn the best way for me to carry my phone was in my shirt pocket,and even then, I usually have my phone in a case.. I tended to hit things with the phone when it was worn on a belt. I mention this because this phone isn't too heavy, but it is close to it, at least for a shirt pocket, and it is slippery. Now, you aren't going to drop it if you are careful, it fits nicely in the hand and is easy to hold on to, but bending over with it in your shirt pocket and you will soon get to find out how fast your reflexes are and maybe just how durable the phone is. The screen size is not too big for me... I would go bigger if I could... the Samsung Galaxy Note for instance, only it is not supposed to be released in the U.S. and it is not a Windows phone either, but I like the size. Even though I come from using a relatively small smartphone, the Samsung Blackjack and Blackjack II, I craved a larger screen to view my IP cameras on as well as internet usage from ebay and Amazon to reading web pages without having to scroll side to side. It is much better on the Titan and I love it, but I could go larger. I won't go on and on about the phone itself... there are tons of positive reviews and I agree with most of them. I do not have a problem with the button placement's and my only gripes would be the slipperiness of the case, and the camera lens sticking out the back looks like it will be easy to scratch.Mango... There are tons of reviews, mostly positive, and I agree with them. I Love it. Here are some thing's you may be interested to know how to do in Mango... You can change the start menu tiles, which I call the home screen and home screen tiles. As for the Tiles ... You can add and remove them. You can rearrange them. To change the location of a start menu/home screen tile, merely hold it down and it will become dis-lodged and there will be a pushpin icon in the corner of it. Drag it where ever you want then release it. Tap the tile to lock it in it's new position. Do not tap the pushpin unless you want to delete this tile from the start menu/home screen. If you want to remove that or any other tile from the home screen, once you have held it down and the push pin appears in the corner, if you now tap the pushpin itself,the tile will disappear. It can be found again in the program list. To put it, or any other program back onto the home screen, go to the program list and hold down the program a second or two and a box will open with the option to pin it to the start menu/home screen. Even when you place a program on the start menu/home screen, it will remain also in the program list. If you install an app you no longer want, you can easily remove it simply by going to it in the program list, holding it down until a box opens. This will give you the option to delete the program. Tap delete and the program will be gone. When you have more than 45 programs in the program list (or whatever it is called) you will all of a sudden see alphabetized letter headings between each group of programs, making the list 26 entries longer. Now... There are three icons on the bottom of the phones screen. A left pointing arrow... a Windows logo in the middle and a magnifying glass to the right. Hold down the little arrow on the bottom left of the phone and you will get a small view of 5 or 6 of the most recent programs you have or are using. Just touch one to open it where you left off. It supposedly was only supposed to show 5 programs but I have seen 6 in my own usage at times. The Middle icon is the Windows logo... Hold this down for a search feature similar to the one found in Bing described later in this post, using the microphone icon. The next icon is a magnifying glass. Tap the magnifying glass and Bing opens... Now there are 4 icons on the bottom of the Bing page, with three little white dots in a row to the far right. Touch the little white dots here and in many other pages to enter the settings menus or for more info. The left icon shows 3 small buildings, they call this Scout. Push it and it will tell you the businesses in the area and things to do, but you will have to enable it to find your location in the settings. Touch the 3 little white dots to access the settings. The second icon is a musical note... press this and hold it near a song on the radio and it will identify the song for you. There is a free program you can get called SoundHound, that will allow you to hum a tune and it will identify the song for you as well! The third icon is of an eye. Tap this and it will open a page where you can tap scan text, and it will scan bar-codes, tags,books etc... the next icon is of a microphone... tap this and speak whatever it is you want to find. There is an option to scroll through results for local listings as well as images and the Web. Those are just a few things that new Mango users like myself may not have known. There are a lot of cool useful apps as well. A few I like are the aforementioned "SoundHound", as well as "Flashlight", which allows the flash to be turned on to use as a small flashlight with high, medium and low settings. Then there is the Amazon app, [...] ... you will need a Zune account , and you will want one anyway to obtain other apps. Zune is a little bit of a pain at first to get to know, but if I can figure it out I know that you can too... To get apps, click the marketplace option at the top of the page, then click apps. There is an Ebay app ... I also recommend from the HTC Marketplace found on the phone, getting and using the free "Connection Setup" app. I also like "Network Dashboard" for .99 as well. The best IP camera viewing app for Mango I have found is "ipCams Manager" by WINFORMA. Not as good as ivimg "viewcommander-mobile" but as close as I have found for Mango. I like "Google Search" ... "Lists" ... "Notes" ...  and "Tango" as well... I hope that you found this helpful. Enjoy your Titan and Mango!!! Dave

I've had this phone for 2 months now and I have to say this is the best phone I've ever owned.  To start with the face value, the screen is huge, the camera works very well, though a bit big, it feels good in the hand and has a solid heft and doesn't feel like it will break in my pocket.  The screen, while not an samoled, looks amazing compared to regular lcd smartphones.  Even with the huge 4.7" screen and 800x480 res, it looks fantastic.Now to the OS.  Microsoft has really made a compelling product in Windows Phone 7.  While it doesn't have the sheer number of apps like Android and iOS, the apps themselves look amazing and the new metro interface design is very well thought out and makes the phone a joy to use every time you pick it up.  And everything you need is there, office, facebook, twitter, gmail, hotmail all easily accessible and integrated into experience.  I love being able to tap on a contact and see what they've posted whether a comment or picture it's all right there.  The Live Tiles really make the screen come alive without feeling cluttered and unorganized.I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking for a premium device.  For those looking for a smartphone on a budget, the other phones like the HTC Radar, Samsung Focus Flash or the Nokia 710 are great entry points that still have the Windows Phone OS that you'll love to use!

After conducting an inner fight for several days I decided to return this phone.As the title says, this phone is great (I did not mean size wise).The phone is well built. Does not feel cheap at all. The display is excellent. I was hard pressed to see character pixelation regardless it 4.7 inch size. My hands are big and the phone did not feel big at all. Even so, it is just slightly larger than my current phone, HTC Inspire 4G which has a 4.3 inch screen. And it is also slightly lighter, or at least it feels that way when holding it. The operation is very smooth. Scrolls are fluid and the only lag I encountered was when typing the first character on the keyboard. That was a minor lag, not enough to annoy me.I was able to find most of the apps that I use with my HTC Inspire 4G (Android). Those that I did not find I was able to transition to One Note and Excel.Wi-Fi connections are established quickly.Now comes the downside. The glass appears to have a greater affinity for finger prints than the HTC Inspire 4G. It didn't get more of them, they weren't more visible but it took more effort to clean them. They just seemed to hang on the glass longer.While Mango fixed a lot of things that irked me in the initial release of Windows Phone (copy/paste, hidden network support, multiple calendars from Windows Live and Google, saved camera settings and more) there are still a few things that slightly annoyed me but in all honesty I could have lived with them:- it does not allow the user to change how pictures are sent via MMS, email or uploaded to SkyDrive. When I sent pictures thru MMS the recipients received them in a smaller size, sometimes too small. Pictures I sent thru email were also reduced for smaller attachment size, as were the ones uploaded to SkyDrive either manually or automatically. Die hard Windows Phone users argue this as savings on the data plan. But I think the user should have a say in this instead of Microsoft dictating how pictures are handled. The only way to get the full resolution, full quality picture is to sync the phone using the Zune software. Unfortunately, when I am my friend's house in LA, he does not have Zune on his computers so I cannot leave any of the pictures in their original format. I cannot even use Wi-Fi to connect to a network share to copy the pictures there. I have to return home to NJ and then email the pictures or send a CD/DVD.- not all apps provide means to save the data entered. This data is not saved via the Zune software either. So, if I have to perform factory reset on the phone (an AT&T; Support favorite) I will have to manually re-enter that data.- even though in Contacts (People) settings you can filter out contacts based on the service, it does not always work properly. I have all my current contacts from Google. I have a much smaller list of contacts in Windows Live. Even though I filtered out the Windows Live contacts and the list seem to only contain Google contacts I did make several calls to old numbers that were listed in the Windows Live.- Not all Google Contacts field are handled properly. For example, in Google Contacts I have people with a second Home address. Windows Phone does not show this second Home address.- Wi-Fi connections seem somewhat slower than the Wi-Fi connections I get with the HTC Inspire 4G at the same locations.- And finally... ... this was the deal breaker for me. The voice quality during a call as perceived by the people at the other end. Everybody I called claimed that the voice volume was lower and my voice sounded muffled. This issue is mentioned many times in the forums at wpcentral.com ([...]). I even contacted HTC Support regarding the voice quality issue and their response made me decide in favor of returning the phone:=======Thank you John for contacting HTC Technical Support. I'm sorry to hear that your HTC Titan does not function as intended. I am more than happy to be able to provide some clarity to the situation at hand.We have had some reports of the muffled sound on the HTC Titan. Currently we do not have any information if/when a hotfix will resolve your isssue. I recommend performing a factory data reset on your device. After a factory reset, the phone is restored to its default settings--the way it was when you first purchased it and turned it on. You will lose any programs you installed, data you entered, and settings you customized on your phone, and only Windows Mobile software and other pre-installed programs will remain. It is recommended you back up any personal information before performing a reset.=======Hopefully the new TITAN like device rumored for a February 5, 2012 release will have this issue fixed.Update 12/28/2011A job posting at Microsoft indicates that the next version of Windows Phone will have a phone backup feature. Hopefully phones running Mango will get that version.

This review is for those of you out there who are thinking of getting a smart phone and are more boomer than yuppie.  This is the one for you.  Now I am pretty computer savy (an iPad and desktop and 2 Kindles) but decided to break down and get a smart phone.  I went to Best Buy, the Apple store, and read a lot of reviews on line and finally decided on the Titan.  Still I was nervous; I had been with Verizon for over 10 years and pretty well pleased with them despite a recent billing issue.  I do like my iPad and found it very easy to use although I don't care for their lack of flash.  Finally, would I be able to set the phone up if I purchased from Amazon?  I've had my Titan for all of 24 hours and here's what I've found so far.1.  ATT customer service and Amazon Wireless both offer excellent customer service!  They spent as much time with me as needed to help with a few setup issues.  Main problem was porting my # over but I think that was more Verizon than ATT.2.  These senior eyes LOVE the big screen!  Colors are terrific, and I can read email etc without any strain.  Already got the Kindle App and it is just fine.3. The OS seems almost as easy as Apple and somehow a lot more appealing.  My 4 year old grandson is a whiz on his iPad and his mother's iPhone, and the Apple OS is very intuitive.  But Mango just seems like more fun!  The 'People' tile flashes pictures of many of my contacts from F/B!  Of course I've barely scratched the surface.4.  I just love not having a jillion apps that I will never use and all the junk that clutters up an Android phone.Well, bottom line is I am really thrilled and glad I just didn't go the easy route and get an Apple product.  I'm looking forward to using the camera and many of the other features.  And of course it was nice to save at least $100+ on purchase price and ongoing monthly plan costs.

I had been waiting for the Mango upgrade, and when ATT had the 1 cent sale I snapped it up.  Its easy to use, I love the large screen for Navigaion (I can read it quickly because I can see it clearly) and for Kindle books.  Who needs a tablet? - this phone has it all.

Love it. Switched from iPhone4 and could not be happier. Great os and user experience. Never crashes and very solid. The camera with f2.2 lense is way to go. Gives outstanding indoors pictures.

I don't get it. Why aren't retailers marketing and trying to sell these phones? WP7 is a great middle ground phone.I think it has all the strengths of the iPhone and Android phones. This phone is almost impossible to crash too! The titan in particular has a great screen and size. Fit and finish is immaculate. The WP7 os is very easy to use and easy to learn. My problem with the phone is battery life and At&t's horrible service and pricing. I wish Tmobile or Sprint had more options for WP7

I had an OG Droid but I've been really looking forward to trying out WP7.5. I have been researching quite a bit and had decided to wait for Nokia to finally bring some WP over to the US but I went into an AT&T; store to try out the operating system in person.I picked up the Titan and was immediately impressed by the screen, the size, the build quality. WP OS really looks amazing on the 4.7 incher, all the colors of the tiles, the maps, the photos, the apps really pop and just looked spectacular. I went home really excited for WP an sat there watching football and reflecting on the Titan. I went back the same day and switched from Verizon to get the Titan.It is butter smooth navigating the OS, no stuttering lag like my droid. The unibody design of the phone is just superb and feels really well built. The camera takes good pictures (though I havent tested it too much) and has a really clever built in landscape mode which guides you where to move the phone to get the landscape shot just right.Call quality is very good, clear, volume is loud enough. The only niggle is that speaker phone doesn't seem to work quite as well as on my iPhone 4 (work phone). That said, after using the Titan with WP7, switching to the iPhone for work tasks is a real drag. The OS just feels so OLD compared to Mango.

I upgraded from a Samsung Focus, so I'm mostly going to compare the Titan with that:- build quality: The Titan is vastly superior to the Focus.  The cheap plastic battery cover of the Focus did nothing for me.  I've also had issues with the volume rocker, which pretty much broke after a few months of use.  The Titan feels solid - although the back does seem to be plastic, its rigid and textured so there's no flex and it's not a fingerprint magnet.  However, this does seem to amplify noise to the microphone during phone calls.  Rub the phone with your hand and the phone sounds pretty noisy.  This being said, I do not have problems with "sounding like I'm talking into a box" that a few users tend to experience.  The screen isn't Gorilla Glass like the Focus, but to be honest, the Focus got a tiny scratch from just being in my pocket with nothing else after a week or so.  The Titan remains scratch free, but who knows how long that will last.  I tend to baby my phones, but I don't like the added bulk of cases or the weird feeling of screen protectors.- build design: coming from the Focus, the button layout of the Titan needs some getting used to.  The volume buttons are large and feel good, but I prefer to have the power button on that side of the device.  The power button on the top of the Titan sits pretty flush and needs some force to push down, so while you're pushing down on it, you pretty much need to have a tight grip on the phone.  The camera shutter button is in the usual spot and isn't anything special.  So far I've had less accidental clicks of the camera button.  The SLCD is large and beautiful.  I don't have any complaints coming from the AMOLED of the Focus.  Sure the blacks aren't as black but it's not distracting.  The size of the phone takes some getting used to as well as I haven't really used something so big like it.  Still, it's not TOO big and I think it's a fair tradeoff for a very nice screen.  The micro USB port is probably the worst thing I hate about the phone.  Being on the right hand side messes up my car mount.  I don't see any reason why it couldn't be on top or bottom.- software: a few bugs in Mango that don't have anything to do with HTC.  The disappearing act of the keyboard can get pretty annoying while you're typing in the middle of a sentence.  What may be HTC's fault though is the sound enhancements.  When you first turn on the device, you may get some very annoying stuttering or ghosting while you're swiping through the screen.  At first, I thought it was the screen, but after some research, it's a weird setting in HTC's sound app.  By default it is turned on.  Turn it off and the stuttering goes away.  Turn it on and the stuttering does NOT come back, which is really weird.  The audio does sound better with the enhancements turned on, in my opinion.  The HTC app store is much better than the Samsung store, and it seems HTC is more dedicated to Windows Phones than Samsung.- camera: the camera is fast to take pictures and the colors are great.  My photos are a tiny bit blurrier than those taken with the Focus though because there is no image stabilization mechanism.  You would think the large aperture of the lens would remedy this, but in my experience, this is not the case.  This forces me to use flash indoors.- sound: the speaker is alot louder than my Focus.  With the Focus, I usually use audio levels of 30 for rings, about 13 for music, and a max of 10 for phone calls.  This has been reduced to about 25, 9, and 5 respectively.  There doesn't seem to be any difference in quality compared to the older phone if you have the above mentioned sound enhancements turned off.battery life: roughly the same as the Focus, it can get through about a day of work, but I would always try to keep it charging whenever I can.Other than the issues above, I'm really liking the phone and glad I made the purchase.  It's a solid phone and I feel it's the flagship of the 2nd generation Windows Phones.

The Titan is my first smart phone and I am thrilled with everything about it.  It is made by HTC and has a solid feel and not flimsy.  The case is almost bullet proof.  It has a huge 4.7 inch screen and this is important as I am a senior citizen.  The screen and OS interface is quite different than the Android OS.  The best app is the MS Office app where I am able to work on documents, store them on SkyDrive and then use the documents at work.  Bottom line...a great phone, and for only a penny.  Wow!

I ditched my iphone 4s last week and took the HTC Titan phone for a ride.  As I write this review, I've since returned the Titan and am back to my iphone 4s.  I'd like to briefly talk about my experience with the hardware and software.Hardware:  The HTC Titan is a huge phone... probably too big for most people.  In fact, that's the main reason I returned it.  It's design is nice, but not as nice as the iphone 4s, nor as nice as the upcoming Nokia Lumia 900.  The camera, an 8 mexa pixel shooter, was okay but it didn't knock my socks off.  I had an issue with the phone randomly rebooting itself after putting it on the charger.  I could never get the phone to shut off.  I eventually had to put the phone in airplane mode while charging it so I didn't get any calls in the middle of the night.  As far as call quality and some of the talk on the forums related to "muffled" sounds, I didn't experience any of that. In fact, the call quality at times seemed better than my iphone 4s.  In other words, I didn't experience any antenna issues with the phone.Software: The windows phone user experience is really nice... especially for an OS that is still in its infancy.  I thought the keyboard was better than the iphone 4s.  It was smooth, fluid and its auto correction and predictive text was really nice.  The browsing experience on the phone was nice, too, and fast.  Viewing pages and text on the 4.7 inch screen was a site too see, even at 480X800.  Creating an avatar in game center was neat, and I'm sure down the road the experience will only get better with more apps and more options. The integration is second to none.  And local scout was awesome.Would I recommend a windows phone to someone looking for a phone?  Absolutely. I think its better than Android when it comes to ease of use and overall OS experience.  I never had a problem with crashes and/or lock-up.  Is it better than Apple?  No, not right now.  But with new phones coming down the road and the new major OS update, called Apollo, slated to be released later this year, my prediction is Microsoft will gain traction in the phone arena.  I would say that Microsoft is better positioned than Apple was when Apple was only 2 years old.  But timing is everything, and Apple was early to the game.I'll be watching closely these next several months to see the new hardware and software for both these OS's (Apple and Microsoft).  I like the choices and competition. I wouldn't hesitate to change ecosystems and use a windows phone down the road, especially with Nokia on board with Microsoft.  Their hardware and design matches Apple's.  And their antenna performance bests Apple's.  Should be an interesting year.

Bought this phone for Christmas and came from an HTC Arrive on Sprint. The difference is night and day with this phone. The screen is HUGE, but it doesn't feel like a huge phone in your hands. It is very thin, very attractive, and very sturdy. Everything about it is gorgeous, battery life is great, and I have had no problems with it (or AT&T) thus far.

Excellent phone all around. From build quality to performance to the OS.What reall sets it apart, however is the screen.- The screen large and gorgeous - it changes the way in which I use the phone - email is a delight, both reading and writing.- Games are incredible.- The office suite is extremely usable at that size.- Readling is delightful, the screen is large, but the phone is light, and the overall dimensions are not out of control due to the impressively small bezel.- In some ways, it serves many of the functions that a tabelet does, but it is much lighter and it is easily pocketable.

I will admit that I had some reservations about this phone and the Windows OS before I bought it. Everything I read about the Windows OS basically said that if you give it a fair try that you'll love it. After using this phone, I have to agree with that for sure. I previously used an iPhone and after 3yrs of not really seeing any major changes in the design of the UI I was getting bored and wanted a change. Plus most of the things I wanted to do with the iPhone was restricted by Apple; i.e. adding files to the phone from multiple computers when I travel. Also, I didn't feel like I wanted to have to build my UI from scratch like Android. That meant Windows OS was the only OS left. After that, I was sold on the OS, I just needed to find a cool phone.For my Windows phone, I debated between the Focus S and the TITAN, both of which were the top two Windows phones out at the time. I feared the TITAN would be too big b/c I don't have the biggest hands. In the AT&T; store I held up my iPhone 3G to both phones and with the case on my iphone 3G the TITAN wasn't that much bigger then the iphone and was the same size as the Focus S, which suprised me. I still wasn't sold on the TITAN but given they were both the same price and I felt like I got more for the money with the TITAN, which finalized my decision for me.Today, I couldn't be happier with the TITAN. The screen is beautiful, the camera takes great photos and Windows OS is super slick. I have found almost all the apps that I reguarly used on my iPhone and the phone continues to wow all my co-workers who have Android and iOS devices. My only complaints related to the phone are actually with AT&T; which include 1) no Visual Voicemail support (I use MagikMail as an alternative) and 2) their data throttling of 4g phones.For anyone considering a Windows phone this is THE phone to buy until perhaps the Nokia 900 comes out (at best mid-2012). You won't regret it...and if for some reason you do that is why they have that 30day return policy :P.

I can't add to much more than what's been said in the reviews here and on other sites. Love the ease of us, look and speed of the OS, the screen size, the build quality.

The screen is huge and looks fantastic. The phone is very thin and is solid but light. The built in panorama feature is excellent and really fun to use. HSPA+ provides good download speeds. The battery life is great, but mugen power even makes an extended battery that does not make the phone any thicker, and adds 20% to the life.

So far the Titan is the best smartphone that I've ever owned. The large screen is perfect for browsing the web, viewing pictures and videos, and typing with the onscreen keyboard. Windows Phone 7.5 (Mango) is a great mobile operating system (OS), although there are some minor bugs that I hope Microsoft fixes soon. Overall, though, this is a great and easy-to-use smartphone that I would highly recommend.

I've been using the Titan for just over a month now and there's no way I'm going to back to my iPhone.Pros:This screen is big and beautiful.The overall size is just right for me, even with a Case-Mate Tough Case. I keep the phone in my front pocket and don't even notice it's there.The phone is fast. Games run without lag, apps launch quickly, the screens scroll smoothly, and the phone is very responsive to touch.The camera is incredible. The picture quality is superb, even in low light.Cons:My wireless signal bounces between EDGE and 4G a lot trying to find the stronger signal. This is more an AT&T; issue, although I didn't have this problem as frequently when I had my iPhone.The dual-LED flash is sometimes over-powering.

I really wanted to like this phone and for a penny, you almost couldn't find a better deal for a phone.However, once I got it, I was disappointed.  It will not see my faster wireless wifi 802.11 n router at home. It will see my "b/g" router but not the faster "n". Other devices in my home see it, even my wife's Samsung Droid connects.I also noticed one to two bars less than my wife's droid in several places. Both phones are on AT&T;, so this is the HTC radio's problemMy other complaint is the hoops required to import my contacts. All my other phones needed just a simple bluetooth connection to my old phones for me to move my contacts.  This phone will not sync with my last phone.  I tested again on my wife's droid and the contacts moved seamlessly.  Apparently, you need to create your contacts in outlook or similar software and then import.  I really don't think I should go through these steps. My dumbphones were able to accomplish this simple bluetooth task.I kept if for a week and returned. I think Windows is on to something, but just not quite ready. I'll stick with a droid and check Windows out again in a couple of years.

I was a long time iPhone user, then I bought my wife an LG Quantum WP7 and played with the OS for a while, well to say the least i was impressed with the OS, easy to use the intergration with linkedIn, facebook and twitter was awsome. It even combined her or should i say linked her duplicate contacts from facebook and linkedIn and outlook toghter and gave you one card to view for that person (Very nice).So I decided to give it a shot with this phone and i am extremly happy, this thing is fast way faster than my iPhone 4 and the screen well at my age im grateful for the additional size (no more squinting to read emails). The app store may not be in the millions yet but it had everything i needed and I'm an IT prefessional so i have all the network scan apps that I need. To say the least I'm in love with the HTC TITAN and WP7 Mango!!!!

I loved this phone.  I loved it so much I flaunted it as my iPhone 4 replacement.  I went from iPhone 3 to iPhone 4 to the Titan and wondered what I feel in love with on the iPhone.  It was that good!!  However, like sometimes in relationships, there was just that one thing that made me run away.  How could this phone be so great and be so bad at making calls?  Was it above the phone to do such a simple task of making calls?  I guess it was.  The sound was just way too muffled.  It was so muffled that my wife, after calling me and getting my new voicemail on the Titan, said "you sound so sad".  I will always enjoy the Titan if I can play with it, but I hate you Titan at the same time.Bottom line: how could you have a phone that makes crappy calls?  I'd say don't buy it.

1st I want to give a shout out to amazons customer service. With the whole back order situation when ordering my phone. Great customer service.If you need a phone for work, or forums. This is the phone for you. You can read excel sheets so clearly with editing them no problem. Once you have this phone in landscape you can read everything clearly in the forums. Before I was like zoom a little back out a little, and now no problems. The speaker on this is unreal. I mean you can hear this with the Tv at 30 on the volume, and still hear clearly the song you are listening too. The 4G isn't too bad either. SOMETHING I love is that I can watch HQ video without needing wifi on youtube. Create a hotmail account, and use sky drive. You can upload your work, your pictures, and have a app to see those files on your phone. The operating system is really on par with apple, but honestly the need to step it up with zune software. Side Note I copied all my songs, and music videos with no conversion needed.

First off, I have the Lumia 900 and I love it. However, for the price, this is a GREAT, no AWESOME phone.I bought this for the mother in law who wanted a phone tat was like my and the wife's Lumia 900 and this does the trick at a lower price point.Love you mom in law, but for a cent, this is what you get. Ps... she loves it and thinks very highly of it.Is the best Windows phone, NO. Is it the best for the price, probably so.

This Phone has amazing construction, the best OS on the market and great call quality. speed with ATT. and snappy performance.

I am using WP 7 OS more then a year. Its really nice! Safe, fast and stable. Highly recommended! Also Titan has 1.5 Ghz CPU which is really flying!

I loved everything about this phone until I placed or answered a call. The reception and audio during calls was horrible and to the point of unusable. My wife would refused to call me because of how terrible the reception was (not necessarily a bad thing!) Until HTC has a fix in place, I can't recommend this phone to anyone. HTC has acknowledged the problem. I have read several other reviews stating that they replaced their Titan 4 or 5 times with the same result, so I am switching to a Focus S now.

Best os by far. Amazing. So fluid.  My old iphone looks ancient compared to this. If you like big screen get this phone. Otherwise the  radar,lumia, or focus flash will fit the bill. You will be amazed. Welcome to the future.

I got this phone after my old Blackberry stopped working. I've had two iPhones (3g and 4) and neither one compared to this phone. Even without a dual core processor, it runs faster than any Android I have ever used. Despite the large screen size, it fits easily in the pocket. The build quality is incredible and the camera takes great pictures. The flash doesn't wash out the photos at all and the dedicated hardware button is great.

This is by far the best phone i used.Im comming from a iphone 4 and didnt want the 4s just for siri, come on apple wheres the inivation so i went to  a phonestore and it was this one or samsung galaxy s2 but this phone just felt better in the store.and after some weeks usage its by far the best phone i have ever used.i still learn new things that makes me smile everyday from windows phone... its like feeling in love again with a phone.

I wrote a long but a very positive review at WPCentral, shortly after I acquired Titan.It must be noted however that I had the new Samsung Focus that came out 2 weeks before the Titan's release. I do not like Focus' hardware so I returned it, paid a restocking fee and grabbed Titan instead.For me, Titan had a very good start but sadly it's going down the hill from there.Problem #1: The batteryDuring the first week, sometimes I had to recharge it twice a day after a minimum use. I was told that the battery would reach its maximum potential after a month of continual use. I decided to give this a try. Yes, it got better but far from what I expected it to be. Nonetheless I was willing to give it more time.Problem #2: The Wireless connectivity.I started to have this issue early January. Sometimes Titan just could not connect to the wireless network. It got worse at a point where cleaning up via Airplane mode just did not do the trick anymore. My notebook, my ipad and wife's iphone could connect just fine. Only Titan could not.With these 2 issues, I went back to AT&T; store and managed to get a new Titan. I was excited but unfortunately it was a short-lived excitement. A few weeks after and til the time of writing, the battery still does not get any better. The battery is fully charged in the morning, but come in the afternoon around 5ish, it's already in the battery Saving Mode. This is after a minimum of use (yes, I tried the settings and all that gist).The wireless issue was back a few weeks ago but for the past few days it's been good. I hope it will stay like this because it's such a mess transition. Such a bad product to begin with.

stay away from this piece of junk. HORRIBLE calls, everyone complanes about it. no other features can make up for this. do yourself a favor, get a diffrent phone

I bought this phone to replace my two-year old iPhone 3GS; I'll never look back. The user interface is refreshing and innovative, and makes iPhones and Android phones look dated in comparison.

I normally don't give reviews however this phone is awesome and deserves 5 stars. Had the Iphone and android and this is what they were shooting for. Had phone 6 weeks now not one lock up, no dropped calls nothing. Apps are finally starting to roll out pretty regular. The 4.7" screen makes surfing easy. I hardly ever pick up the ipad anymore. This is truly the swiss army knife of phones.

Love this gorgeous gigantic screen. Smooth as pie. Keyboard better than the iPhone. Only gripe is u can't Bluetooth items between phones. If Microsoft fixed that, this would b the best phone out of the box ever made. Prior HTC evo 3d, iPhone, and HTC sensation owner

Don't let the lack of a dual core processor discourage you. This phone is extremely fast, smooth and optimized. The use of a dual core would have just added unnecessary cost. Go to the store and compare this device to the Iphone or any Android phone to see what I mean. Buy this phone!!!

To begin, my brief background:- Extensive use of several different blackberries (work)- Used Motorola Q9h -- windows mobile 5 I think?- Used ATT Tilt2 - WM 6.5... TERRIBLE PHONE; TERRIBLE OS!!- Used/configured parents' Motorola Photon/Electrify extensively over Tgiving break- Have owned the titan over half a month, use it quite a bit every day- Played w/every generation of iPhone- I am a web developerFirst of all, my primary comparison is against the Motorola Photon (several battery drains :)).  One of the top-class android phones on the market at this time.  I'm not comparing this to the iPhone because quite frankly, they're behind the curve, and even the average Joe that helped to popularize the iPhone is slowly starting to recognize this.Also, for those of you who want to tl;dr**The number one thing that every WP7 review should contain**Windows *phone* is NOT Windows *mobile*.  The two could not be more different, and even the staunchest microsoft fanboy will crucify windows mobile.  It's sad because it leaves anyone who's touched it a very sour taste for anything "windows" on a phone.On to the Titan:It just works.  Whatever you want to do... it just works!- Switches between apps without the slightest pause, and does so w/a fluid animation that makes it feel like all apps are connected- Loads apps extremely fast- Downloads apps extremely fast (thanks to ATT 4g or wifi... the download bar literally zips along in no time)- Uninstalls apps fast- Loads GPS fast- Updates social networks fastYou getting the theme here??  All I need is about half a minute to show off my phone to someone new before they're like, "Wow... I can't believe you're just bouncing around between everything like that."  It's truly a sight to behold.  Of course, the reasoning behind this is wp7.  Let's take a quick second to discuss this.Hardware:The proverbial "mine is better than yours" starts with simple hardware numbers.  Dual cores instead of single cores (photon vs titan).  More ram.  More internal storage.  That's all fine and dandy, except for the fact that PHONES ARE NOT COMPUTERS.  When you compare computers, comparing hardware is valid.  For the most part, when you're comparing hardware, it's a windows computer vs another windows computer (unless you're comparing against an apple computer to show how you get the same hardware for $1000 more), so you're both on the same level in terms of how the system would run, given a set of resources.  This is NOT the same with phones!!  The OSs are fundamentally different and therefore use hardware completely differently.  WP7 accomplishes more with less hardware.  I can personally vouch that a dual 1Ghz CPU phone w/1GB of ram was outperformed by a 1.5Ghz CPU and half a GB of ram.... time and time again. Straight up number comparisons just don't work when it comes to phones!Dependability:The Titan has never frozen on me... regardless of what I throw at it.  I froze my parents' electrify several times in the handful of days I played with it.  Coming from a phone as buggy and glitchy as my Tilt2, I figured that these slowdowns were just a limit of mobile computing capabilities.  It was way better than the Tilt2, but still had some upper limits by mobile hardware.  It was only after a handful days of using my Titan that I paused and thought, "hmmm... this thing hasn't slowed down for anything... ever!"  It's just such a natural experience that you kind of forget you're on a mobile device.Interconnection:WP7 really allows the best of all worlds when it comes to social consumables.  You have to option to break EVERYTHING out into it's own tile and bloat your start screen if you want to, or you have the option of combining all like-typed items.  Facebook and twitter updates all in one stream.  I have 2 gmail accounts combined w/each other, but I leave my work email on it's own tile.  I can combine my contacts, so that people I had saved in my old phone under an alias are now linked to their facebook profiles that pull up on my Titan.  Messaging is laughably easy, as you can switch between facebook chat and texting on a whim (this could save on txt messages for those of you who do not have unlimited plans).  Setting up social networking on my parents' phones was a pain.  Some of it integrated really easily, had a great display, and worked really well.... for what it wanted to show.  Finding other parts of social streams was more difficult and/or involved other apps.  You don't really *need* many apps here because of the build in functionality of wp7.  **It truly is the best social phone out there**  The only flaw I will give it in this department is that speech to text isn't nearly as prevelent or well executed as on Android devices.  That was probably my favorite thing about my parents' phones.Oh yeah.. and xbox integration.  I can control my xbox from my phone.  I can see interactive halo maps on my phone.  I have gamerscores for XBL apps. +1 for the entertainment side of phones!Apps:I'm not a huge app user, but that still doesn't change the fact that arguing about apps into the hundreds of thousands is ridiculous.  Android has 4x more apps than wp7.  iPhone has twice as many as android.  Know what that means?  Android has 4 apps that all do the same thing one on wp7 does, and iPhone has 8 apps for it.  The major apps that you need are all there... and even some of those are already duplicated on wp7.  Need youtube?  Metrotube is a BEAUTIFUL app that does way more than the youtube app. Shazam?  It's there..but just use bing music search instead.  2 touches on the phone.  Image editing apps? There.  Major newspapers/feeds? All there.  Pandora? They're making one.  And that's the thing.  Within the weeks following the launch of the new major wp7 phones in November, developers have been filling those major holes like CRAZY.  Microsoft has all kinds of incentives out there to help developers beef up the app count.  I didn't think I'd be playing many games, but I've already got a huge backlog of really addicting games that I just stumbled upon.  The apps are there, people!Now let's talk briefly about working w/the Titan specifically.Handling the Phone:I've seen the "it's too big" argument.  I don't think so.  I have medium to large hands, but I don't ever recall trying to get my hand around the phone in a position that was hard to handle.  I don't know why you would have to, so I don't really understand those comments.  I'm extremely happy w/the real estate.  It makes playing games a great experience!  I will say that I might have been happier w/like.. half a mm more on the power and camera button, but I have to admit, it's a REALLY small gripe.  The volume rocker feels perfect where it is.  I noticed myself adjusting calls easily w/out even thinking about it.Resolution:The screen is beautiful.  Period.  Jaggies? Not there.  Brightness? Perfect.  I went back and forth between the Samsung Focus S and the Titan for weeks before the Titan was released, reading every review I could.  I had google checking for news by the hour.  I admit.. I was worried about the screen from the reviews, and purely from basic math.  Same resolution spread over a wider screen = ugly.. right?  I went from a 3.5" screen on my Tilt2 to the 4.7" on the Titan.... and both have the same resolution!  The odd thing is that the Titan looks miles better than the Tilt2 did.  I don't get it mathematically, but it's true!  When the Titan did finally drop, I checked it out against a Focus S in an ATT store.  First, let there be no argument... the Focus S is beautiful.  That being said, I liked the Titan better.  The brightness was a big part of it for me and fit me better, though I will say that in the end, the build quality was probably more of a deciding factor (between the Focus S). Sooo......Build Quality:It's an aluminum case covered by scratch proof, thick glass.  How do you think it is??  Lol.  No surprises here.  It's a tank!  The only real thing I was worried about was spreading that much screen out over such a thin depth. That hasn't been a problem at all.  I've had my girlfriend plop on my lap in such a manner that she was basically breaking the phone over my thigh.  While that sensation isn't enjoyable with ANY phone in your pocket, it did absolutely nothing to the Titan (as expected!).  The weight is perfect.  It's exactly what I would want a device w/those dimensions to be.  Not flimsy at ALL, and not heavy.  A child would have absolutely no problem porting this around.  It's slim profile fits extremely well into pants, and you hardly even notice it's there.  I couldn't really compare this to the photon, because my parent bought otter boxes, so of course the things were ginormous.Conclusion:The Titan is the best phone on the market right now.  Period.  The iPhone is pretty much the old Motorola razr back when smartphones started coming out and Android is really good... but wp7 is better (don't take my word for it.. read some of the major editors on tech feeds like CNET that say the same thing).  You can't slow the Titan down.  You can't break the Titan (in normal use) and it's just one of the most comfortable devices all around to use.  If wp7 was as popular as Android, I'm sure we'd see tons more devices out there for variety, but to be honest, wp7 doesn't really need it.  Yeah, they have sandboxed specs.. but that's because it's a current sweet spot and it works VERY well! I honestly think that ANYONE who didn't already have their mind set could pick up the Titan and it would be extremely hard for them to be unhappy with it.  I have 0 regrets w/this phone.

I use this phone and an iPhone 4, and I can honestly say that I prefer the HTC Titan for 90% of my personal use cases.  Here's where this phone shines:1) Speed - this phone does everything super-quick.  I've never had to wait on this phone for anything.2) Screen Size - I love the huge screen.  I can type so much better on this phone than on my iPhone, that I now get irratated when I have to type on my iPhone because the keys are so small.3) Camera - the camera is awesome, easy to use, high quality, and has some features not found on most other smartphones.  It has a 'burst' mode which takes a series of 5 or so photos in rapid succession.  I have kids, and this feature is great to capture some shots I would otherwise miss.  There is also an 'auto fix' feature which makes the nice photos this phone takes look even better by correcting color, etc.There are only 2 reasons I can think of why someome might still prefer an iPhone over the HTC Titan:* Apps - there are a couple apps I use every day (LoseIt and Audible) that are not available on Windows phone, so check out app selection if you have 1 or 2 critical apps you can't live without.  BUT - if you have an iPod Touch or iPad, then feel free to dump the iPhone for the HTC Titan and use those apps on those devices.* Phone Size - people with small hands may find the HTC Titan too big to use with one hand.  If that's the case, check out the Samsung Focus S (also a great phone, I used it for a couple weeks before switching to the Titan) or the HTC Radar.So that's it!  Go get one!

It took me some time to get my Titan, but the wait was worth it. The build quality is second to none. The screen size is huge, but not off-putting. Windows Phone 7 is silky smooth and a step up from Android that I used to have, in my opinion. This is my second WP7 device, and other than the coming Nokia handsets this phone is absolutely the cream of the crop at the moment.

I've owned the HTC Titan since November 2011. It has been a wonderful experience. I never have to reset it, it is very fast, the battery life is good (I can make it a whole day without a problem), I love Windows Phone 7.5, the camera takes outstanding pictures and the screen is awesome. My only complaint is that sometimes the people on the other end of a phone call say that I sound muffled. HTC has a fix for this if AT&T would ever roll out an update to the phone.

I got this phone 12/15/11. This is my first impressions.It took me a little while to master the menus. I setup my email accounts. Liked the linked inboxes.  I could not get my contacts over from my Nokia 5800 Phone so luckly I had my contacts on Google and just using those as my contacts. I really didn't want to be logged into my Hotmail account but you need one to be able to download Apps and other stuff. I set myself as hidden on Hotmail and I filtered out contacts from there too.Display looks pretty good to me. Phone feels nice holding it. With regard to call quality it seems like in my initial tests landlines sound much better than cell phone voice. I'm going to know I guess when someone is on a Cell phone. I didn't get a chance to test phone voice quality extensively.I did feel like the touch screen might be to sensitive. Sometimes holding the phone at the edges causes the screen to manipulate. I am like how did I get there why is that showing...I not sure which bandwidth application to use to test bandwidth with. Can't do any flash or Java on this phone Windows media Player and Silverlight are missing. I can't find any way to play any streaming media on this phone that uses Windows media and this is a windows phone...ha!I applied for that $25 credit for Applications that Microsoft has.Battery life is to early to tell but I was on the phone almost continuously for 5 hours and the battery life went to like half way from a full charge.I like that the SAR rating is much much lower than my Nokia 5800. Less chance for a brain tumor, haha.Part 2Can you say 3 Titans in 30 days?Unfortunate story...I went through Amazonwireless.com to get my phone upgrade. Each Titan ended up with the same issue. Ok, I could live with the voice quality issue because that is a reflection of product of HTC and AT&T; for offering such a phone so no skin off my nose. However, each phone had the dreaded random power cycle/reboot issue. Tried firming up the sim card no go, Uninstalled all AT&T;/HTC apps no go, operated the phone from a reset no additional apps installed, no go. There were a few times when I thought the phone was good when it would approach two days then came the dreaded power/reboot cycle. Sometimes it happen in the middle of the night based on the lastboottime app other times the phone was just sitting the table next to me while eating lunch I observed it. Other times when I had the phone in my pocket I could feel it vibrating thinking it was a call but nope it was a power/reboot recycle.After two exchanges and three Titans I opted to use my right to reverse my upgrade today 1/11/12 and I am shipping the phones back. I find it hard to believe that the Titan is technically a sound phone since the most of the ratings I see on them are good on AT&T;'s web site and Amazon's website. Either people are not paying attention to their phone or just living with a potential issue that may make the phone go dark later.I had the options to ship the phone to HTC but that would leave me without a phone for at least 10 days and possibly more. And HTC customer support didn't give me the warm and fuzzy feeling since they knew nothing about these problems and the first time I called they put me on hold or dropped my call while I waited for someone to get back to me. So the Taiwanese crap is going back, I am back on my Nokia 5800 and I will wait out a few months to see what comes next.thanks for reading all.

i bought mine and everything was great till i pushed on the side of the screen, the right and bottom right (most noticeable spots) and noticed when you push there it does that thing that a monitor does when you touch it, but its white light. did this happen to anyone else or did i get a bad one????This is why i dropped it one star. other then that problem this phone is amazing if you like the screen size, i also had the samsung focus s and returned it to get this. they are both amazing and you cant go wrong with either one, unless you have the same problem i have. Its not that noticeable if your just using the phone but now that i know it does that im always finding myself pushing the sides of the display. it gets really annoying.

Bought the HTC Titan after using a Samsung Focus for a year.  Its is well built and a solid performing Windows Phone. Screen is bright and clear without any problems, considering the size of the screen.  The phone does not feel big in my hands, and my daughter already if begging me to buy her one to replace her iPhone.

At first I thought the ppi being at just below 200 would be very annoying to look at, but you do get used to it.  In fact, once you get used to looking at the 4.7 inch screen, small 3.5 inch screen like on the iPhone or the LG Quantum are relly gross to look at, Retina display or not.  Speed is noticably faster than first gen Windows Phones when playing games or loading Avatar animations.  What I really like though are the tweaks HTC puts in its phones like Attentive Phone or the Sound Enhancer.

I have been an Android user since the Summer of 2010.  ...and a Windows Phone user since Fall of 2010.  Though the size of the Android Market is much larger, the overall experience of Windows Phone is much, much better.  Adding the Titan to my device list has been really great. Compared to my experience with the Samsung Galaxy phones, the Titan works extremely well.  It is a smooth and quick phone. The size is great, it makes everything easier and more enjoyable.  The pixel density is just right- any larger is to much, any smaller and I lose part of the experience. The Market place is a temporary weakness, that the experience more than makes up for. The most important apps are available now.  After a month with the Titan, I can't imagine a better phone.I do have on minor gripe.  I have had some complaints of muffled audio on calls.  This is caused by the placement of the mic at the bottom of the phone; it is right where my pinky naturally fits.  It is not a small phone, so it needs a bit if support. I try to remember proper pinky placement, but if people complain I adjust my pinky.  Oh, and I wish the camera button was lower/to the right more.

I've had them all; mostly because it's my job to have them all and develop for them all. I have to say that I was skeptical about this phone and wasn't really looking forward to using it. Well, this phone has gone far beyond my expectations and I'd be so bold as to say it's the most elegant, well-built, beautiful device I've ever owned. I quickly got rid of my iPhone 4S and have gone the WP7 route forever. Best phone on the market today I'd say! I hope more people use WP7 and learn how great their new OS is.

I am as huge of a WP fan as you will find.  I am a great cheerleader for the OS.  It is the best of both worlds:  You can customize, remove, and adjust your homescreen, shortcuts, and app selection as you want.  It is a fantastic user experience- seamless, smooth, and a fun time.  I love the Office tools, the calander is one of the most useful there is, it incorporates your email and social sites so amazingly well, and is a great media/internet experience.That is why the Titan is such a let down.  Call quality is as poor as you can imagine.  There is echoes, garbled reception, and callers on the other end almost can not understand the speech at all.  We have had 4 Titans and this has been true of all of them.  2 of them did not load sites correctly, one had a screen that stopped working, and another would not allow email updates.We purchased the device in November of 2011 so this is a long term problem.  I can not recommend it.  We got the HTC Titan 2, and the call quality was much better, though still not a strength.  We have had no problems with it.  Please avoid the Titan for your own sanity.  If you are in love with the 4.7" screen and like HTC, the T2 is a much better option.

not a single complaint. I got sick of the same Iphone every year and wanted a phone with a 4.7 inch screen, 12 hour battery, front facing camera, and didn't have any weakness anywhere, and that phone is clearly the HTC Titan. Great job HTC and great job Microsoft, keep up the good work!

I was first in non-existent line on Day One for the Samsung Focus and later had a Dell Venue Pro. Windows Phone Mango is by far the sweetest, slickest and intuitive mobile OS out there, but this is the first real, lust-worthy Windows Phone that does it justice. Everything about it is absolutely gorgeous. It's easily pocketable, don't worry about it being too big. You don't even realize what a monster screen it has until the screen fires up and dazzles with incredible color and pitch blacks. The HTC Hub and Photo Enhancer are much more useful than the Samsung apps on the Focus. Top-notch camera, decent battery life (a day) and the loudest and clearest speakers on a mobile device since the Blackberry Bold 9000. The definitive flagship Windows Phone in the U.S. until Nokia drops their goodies in 2012.

My HTC Titan Review* Background *I have been using the HTC Titan as my main smartphone for 2 months. Previously, I used an iPhone 4 for 2 years and was very happy with it. There were a couple of things I was looking for in my next phone 1) Larger screen - My eyes are not as good as they used to be, and found myself squinting too much on the iPhone 3.5" screen. I use my phone as my main ebook reading device, so a larger screen was very high on my priority list. 2) A better camera - The iPhone 4 has a decent camera, but it doesn't perform well in low light conditions, and the flash is all but useless. I was never able to get a good photo when using the flash. The eyes always came out red and unnatural, and the photos appeared overexposed at close range and too dark if more than 3 feet away.* Enter the HTC Titan *I was eligible for an upgrade from ATT and considered the iPhone 4S, Samsung Focus S, and HTC Titan. As a developer, I have been interested in Metro and Windows Phone 7. I think it is a very fluid and beautiful OS. I have been using iOS devices for several years and wanted to try something different. I am not interested in Android for various reasons, so my choice was between iOS and Windows Phone 7. All 3 phones were the same price, so the decision came to hardware and OS.The Titan has a large 4.7" screen. It has a lower resolution than the iPhone retina display, but after playing with it at store I found the larger size really helped me read text and images also looked great. The screen is very bright and colors look amazing. Samsung Focus has a smaller 4.3" screen, so Titan is the clear winner here.The camera was my second main consideration. After reading various reviews online, it was clear that the Titan has a very good camera. It also has a dual LED flash whereas the iPhone 4S and Samsung Focus S only have a single LED flash. After using the camera for two months, I am glad I got the Titan. It takes excellent photos in most light conditions. The flash is actually useful in low light conditions, and although it produces a greenish tint in some photos, it doesn't produce grainy of washed out photos like the iPhone 4. The camera also supports 720p video capture, and the videos are very good quality. Another clear win for the Titan here.Regarding the size of the phone. Some people have complained that the phone is too big. In my case this wasn't a problem. The phone is very thin and fits in my jeans pocket. I have never found myself wishing the phone were smaller, and the large screen more than makes up for the increased size.Build quality of this device is very good, and it certainly feels more solid than the plasticky Samsung Focus S. With a good gel case, I can access all the phone controls and it doesn't increase the thickness too much.* Windows Phone 7 (WP7) *Setting up the phone was a breeze. I entered my Windows Live ID and all my contacts from Hotmail and Facebook were downloaded to the phone and the people hub started updating the live tile. This is a fantastic experience and much better than the static grid of icons I am used to.Photos from Skydrive and Facebook are also automatically available in the Photos hub. The live tile updates regularly with a different photo and it is nice to have access to all your albums wherever you are.The phone app, email and messaging are all very good and I have absolutely no complaints there. I am syncing with Hotmail, my work Exchange Account and Gmail. You can create a unified inbox and get all messages for all accounts in a single view. Contacts and calendars from Exchange, and Gmail are also synced if you so choose.Overall WP7 is a very nice operating system. There is no lag in navigating and everything seems fluid and fast.The Zune music application is fantastic. It does the best rendition of album art I have ever seen in a music player. You also have access to Zune Pass which allows you to stream or download music from their full catalog. I use this every day and would miss not having it.* Marketplace *Now, for the downside. Compared to iOS the WP7 Marketplace is not as good. There are many apps missing altogether, and some apps are older or missing features. For example, there is no Audible app (although I read there is one in beta and coming soon). The Amazon Kindle app is inferior to the iOS version and doesn't support notes, highlighting, and doesn't include the built-in dictionary.  My bank has an app for iOS, but not for WP7 although I can access my account information through the mobile browser.Some apps are more expensive in the WP7 marketplace and they don't seem to be updated as often. I know this is a new platform with minimal market share, but as a user this is something you need to weigh if you are considering this phone.* HTC Apps *The Titan includes a few HTC exclusive apps not found in other Windows Phones. The best is Locations, which provides with full voice guided navigation GPS. This was a nice surprise, and I have used it a few times to find my way around while driving.Another cool app is Connected Media. It looks for media servers (for example a PC sharing music and videos) and let's you stream content from them.There is also a compass and an image enhancer.* Conclusion *Overall, I think this is an excellent device. The only downside is the lack of apps in the marketplace, but most of the major apps are available and you can always use mobile IE to access other missing apps such as your bank. The camera, screen quality and fluid OS makes this phone a pleasure to own and use.

I had planned on getting the Focus S but found this phone to be a better fit for my hand. The screen is very nice and bright and while some people complain about the lower pixel density it isn't a problem for me. What I like about the touch screen is how accurate it is. I am coming from the original droid and typing messages on that was intolerable at times but on the Titan it is wonderful. Windows 7.5 is great too, my wife and I both love it.

Few products that are on the market can even be put on the same category as the titan.  The titan is truly in a league of its own, leaving all other smartphones in the dust.  This is hands down the best phone on the market.  I've owned this device for two months and I can say with conviction that there are no problems at all. Sound quality is crisp and clear, WiFi log in is quick and seemless, pictures are vivid and vibrant with colors, and the large screen delivers crystal clear images.  Coupled with windows phone 7.5, this phone will make all your friends who own iPhones say, "damn, what kind of phone is that?". Even the isheep show reverence to the titan, although it is difficult to convince them that the titan is a superior product since they all reverently genuflect to the high altars of apple.  Get this phone, you will not regret!

So the obvious things that standout are the great unibody design, large 4.7" screen and of course Windows Phone 7.5 Mango. The screen quality is good but it not the best out there. The Samsung AMOLED screens look much better. Also don't be fooled, this phone does NOT have Gorilla glass, HTC decided to go with a 3rd party shatter resistant phone. It is not the same thing, as I have already scratched my Titan. There are some serious WiFi/3G-4G data problems. Looks like it could be software but HTC has denied they are having problems. When connected to both AT&T; Data and WiFi internet cuts in and out. Signal strength is another problem, compared to the Samsung Focus S in the same place, the Titan gets 1-2 bars lower signal strength. Also on 4G connections the data is slower than the Focus S by about 30%.I love the look and feel but the bugs drove me nuts. I would recommend the Focus S. I thought it was funny Microsoft was sending out Samsung Focus S to reviews as the handset of choice. I now know why.
