
This phone absolutely sucks. I've had it maybe a month and the keyboard has fully stopped working. I have no use for it anymore. The app market is horrible, there is no twitter app. The facebook one doesn't even show most of the posts. The screen is too tiny to do anything on the web, and if I delete my messages and someone texts me, it won't show up for like a few hours. Don't waste your money, the phone sucks.

this phone doesn't even turn on, and sprint cannot fix it. it won't even charge, I would not recommend this phone to ANYONE.

The phone was for my wife and has been everything she expected and more. Small, sleek design and works well.

The phone is not according to industry standard, there is no call or hang up buttons and requires training to get use to. Sometimes it get stuck if you try to go too fast. There is no Twitter portal. There are no apps but kind of portals to the web browser to Facebook only. No new Social media apps, because the phone is old. The Sprint store could not get the Microsoft exchange to work, because the phone's software is outdated and the company does not even exist. The keys are close together so if you have big hands and fingers, forget about buying this phone

I've been with sprint for over 4 years now and everytime I get a phone, it is completely unsatisfactory. The last hpone I had was a blackberry. It was pretty good until it just completely shut down and never worked again.! So I searched on amazon to find a phone that would do me good until I could get something better , but I think I've found my soul mate.!!! I find NOTHING wrong with thos phone. 10x's better than a blackberry. The only thing I find a little annpyinh is the phone lags just a little and there aren't many good apps available. But for something to do what needs to be done and nothing more, this is the phone.!!

This type of phone is generally one I would give to my kids. It's great for storing music, photos and videos, but it's pretty shabby for picking up reception and has a tendency to easily drop calls.

i bout the phone off amazon last week and got my battery this week but someone left a code on the phone so i can use it because soon as it cuts on i have to enter a pin and i dont know the pin so the phone was a waste

Didn't know phone was locked.  Sprint wont activate, basically stuck with a useless phone.  Will try to check all facts next time.

i love anything with webOS on it os my opinion is a bit biased.. the operating system is unlike any other. too bad HP had to cut its life short.

I ordered it last Wednesday, told me I would get it from 1-2 business days, so I figured by Monday, nope. I got it today, Friday May 16. &#34;Like New&#34; is CRAP! It has scratches all on the front and the silicon that covers the plastic is coming off! I WOULD NOT order from them again, in fact, I am returning it and getting it from somewhere else!

Good morning HELLO I HAVE PROBLEMS WITH THE PALM PIXI TO BUY A FEW DAYS, BECAUSE IT IS RELEASED BUT IS NOT FOR CDMA LINE OF VENEZUELA AND I LIVE HERE IN VENEZUELA HERE I CAN NOT USE.THERE IS THE POSSIBILITY THAT THE RETURN AND PLEASE SEND ME ONE LINE to place him GSM THAT IS WITH CHIP.SABRE MUCH APPRECIATE YOUR HELPaleydacalzadilla@gmail.com

Had lots of issues installing applications. The online fix was too complex and even the Sprint tech said these are a pain to work with. Sprint was able to trade it in on a much better blackberry

I had 2 other palm pixis but when I left verizon for sprint (eyeroll), I had the option for a new phone and I opted for the Motorola Xpert. This showed me that newer isn't always better.The palm had all the things the Xpert had but it was smaller and easier to carry especially in my bra (don't judge me). My favorite thing is how you can navigate what you have open, with the palm you can open numerous windows and apps and have them open see them and move easily between them this is not the case with some other "smart"phones. I also liked pandora on the palm better than other phones. It had good audio and I prefer the QWERTY board because of my nails, they aren't talons but they do get in the way sometimes especially because I text more than I talk. The spell check was better and the auto correct wasn't as jerky. I just prefer it. I wish that they would come out with another one just a little upgraded with a bigger screen. If they did I'd have my wallet out in a flash.

This phone was obviously defective. DO NOT BUY! I have been a Sprint customer for over 10 years. (It's not the service.) I also have had other Palm phones over the years. (So, I know it's not the manufacturer.) DO NOT BUY THESE DAMAGED PHONES. This phone has died and has been giving me trouble. Just a warning!

I BROUGHT THIS PHONE AFTER I HAD 3 BLACKBERRY BACK TO BACK AND NONE OF THEM WORK.SO I SEARCHED ON AMAZON AND FOUND A PERFECT PHONE THAT WORK WITH SPRINT. ITS PERFECT FOR ME WITH MY LITTLE HAND THIS PHONE WAS GREAT. IT FAST ON THE INTERNET AND THE WIFI IS REALLY FAST IT SEND PITCHER AN TEXT MSG FAST I GET SIGNAL EVERY WHERE AND I IT WAS A GREAT PRICE.I LOVE THIS PHONE

This was a good choice for me. It has truly met my needs thus far. I can honestly say that there is nothing that I can't do with this device. There is one down side about my Palm Pixi is the short battery life

I purchased this phone for my son.  He didn't like the small screen but a phone is a phone.  right?

I am a long time Sprint customer. I have insurance on my phone, the insurance deductable for the Palm pixi is $100. I found this phone on Amazon for less than $50. I received it one week later and I was able to activate it online through my online Sprint account. It is a good phone and up until now has not presented any problems. This was a bargain and I am very satisfied with my purchase. I recommend this seller very highly!

I WAS SHOCKED WHEN I GOT THIS PHONE,, I KNEW ALL THE TALK ABOUT PALM AND HOW BAD THEY ARE,,I WILL BE HONEST I REALLY DIDNT CARE DUE TO THE PRICE FOR A BRAND NEW PHONE,,, SO I WENT AHEAD AND ORDER THE DEVICE AND VERY FAST SHIPPING,,... IT TOOK ME 20 MINS TO GET USED TO IT, AND WOW I WAS BLOWN AWAY.. I HAD AN IPHONE 4S BEFORE AND AFTER USING THIS I SOLD MY PHONE TO KEEP THIS... IT DOESNT DO EVERYTHING AND ITS NOT A ALL OUT SMARTPHONE OR ANYTHING, BUT I CAN TELL U THAT IF YOU HAD A SMART PHONE BEFORE THEN SWITCHING TO THIS WILL BE WELL WORTH IT,

The phone is amazing if you want something that has both touchscreen and keyboard with a smooth interface. It's not completely a smartphone since the platform that it runs (WebOS by HP) is not a smartphone company. However, you can download tons of free apps & it's as fast as any other smart phone out there. It's like the underdog of the competition. So don't slack on it.I ordered the phone through one-day shipping so it got here fast and came in a legit sprint phone box that looks fresh out of a sprint store. Everything that Sprint would give you with the phone, was included in this package. The phone also didn't cost that much either. With over-night shipping included, it only came to $60. For this phone and this shipping quality, that's a bargain.

this phone is not a very good phone. it freezes all the time. most of my calls do not come through . the apps are limited, out going phone calls take long to go through. please do not waste your money

It was a cheap phone.I didn't expect too much from itbut after I started using itI really like it and it has great functions in it.Just love it

this is the worst phone ever no signal ever can't use the internat ever drops calls all the time never sends txts pictures suck very slow no games at all if I could I would get a refund I hate this phone more than anything PALM SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!

This phone so far is great. It is small and sleek, making it easy to carry.  It is a good phone for the price. The sprint TV comes up quickly and streams well. My only negatives are: 1. It only brings the first page of facebook up for me so I can only see that much info, and it doesn't "record" my updates, or comments via phone. 2. My email also only comes up my "inbox". Now these issues may be easily resolved-I am not sure, I haven't checked much into it. But overall the phone was a smart buy.

My 13 year old son worked (finally) and saved his money to buy this phone.  He did a great job taking care of it as it helps me keep track of him.  This is great as a first phone for a child.

If you looking for a basic phone that connect to the internet, this is it.  It does the job stated and will perform as disctibed.

I previously had an LG RUMOR TOUCH and hated the phone but my contract wasn't up until January 1st of 2013..So I came to Amazon to find a sprint phone that was cheaper and brand new. I would have liked to know that the carrier was including the charger and USB cord since it wasn't specified but that was no setback in my reason for picking this phone. (the charger and usb cable was included in the box) The shipper sent the phone and I was able to track it all the way to my house, which was a useful resource since I was paying fifty dollars for a new phone. It arrived on time and on the exact day stated. The phone came in a palm pixi box, which had never been opened and still had original sprint packaging. I was very satisfied.I've had the phone for...Four days now and the only thing I can say is be careful with the touchscreen, I had it in my back pocket for a while (I had not even sat down) and when I took it back out of my pocket the touchscreen was shattered! This was my own error for putting it in my pocket knowing the screen was fragile like a lot of touchscreens. BE AWARE. Be careful with the touchscreen!

Compre 2 telefonos y uno de ellos no enciende, ademas de no funcionar en Venezuela. Me gustaria devolverlos y tener una reposicion para poder usarlos en mi pais mediante  chip y tecnologia gprs o gsm

I received my Palm Pixi a few hours ago, after about two hours of charging the unit wouldn't turn on. I removed the battery waited ten minutes and charged it again, it still wouldn't turn on. This item is not a new item and is obviously defective. Contacted amazon for a full reimbursement. Do not buy.

Great phone for the price!  Bought it after my other cell phone died on me and didn't want to spend a lot of money so I got this little phone and so far so good.

I ordered the phone on march 14th and it was estimated to be at my home on the 23rd. well i got it on the 17th! on top of that it came brand new and in the original box. it comes with everything the phone would of came with from sprint. i am very happy with the phone it is a nice lightweight phone and wonderful quality. if you are looking for a phone for camera qualities this might not be it but nevertheless it is wonderful!

I brought it to get away from being on my phone all the time. It didnt work but this phone for good for the little time I used it

This phone is cute and cheap. My daughter broke her android phone so I bought this one. No Problems thus far...Exceeded our expectations!?!

I am a big time palm lover, I bought this phone off of amazon from a lady for my son who broke his phone and I couldn't activate it because it was still in someone's name.  I was so embarrassed when I went to the store.  I trusted amazon and got screwed!  I emailed the lady back and she asked me to send it back to her for a refund but I threw out her mailing info.  So I got stuck, and wasted my money.

I am thrilled with my purchase! The phone arrived in sprint packaging and included everything that usually comes in the box (charger, battery, instructions, etc.). I love the palm platform, and the phone is just the right size for me. As other reviews mentioned, however, the keys are on the small side and would probably be difficult to manage for someone with bigger hands.

I was in need of a new cell phone, I did read up on this phone. To my surprise, this phone is a great little phone. Battery life holds up really well. Thou there are others who would say differently. I'm able to see the apps that I have downloaded, it's not as slow as some have said!

I recived the phone in a timely manner.  but because it was an outdated model none of the features worked.(social media, etc).  Ok, I thought at least I have a phone that works.  It did for 2 weeks.  Then it died.  Wouldn't take a charge, wouldn't turn on.  I took it to the Sprint store who said again, it was outdated phone and they couldn't get it to take a charge either.  A total waste of money.  Don't buy it.!  I wrote but got no response.

I originally got this phone because my blackberry got water damage and I had no insurance so I needed something to get me by until my contract allowed an upgrade.  I got this phone for under $40 and I actually ended up really liking it.  This phone is perfect for young people that want the touch screen but at the same time has the keyboard for speedy texting.  It has a camera (not fancy or high quality, but definitely acceptable), web browsing, gps etc... and it works just great!  I would recommend this for young users or for anyone that needs something affordable and totally user friendly.

So I got this phone for free when I needed a new phone because the old one crapped out on me. It's not even worth what I paid for it. Seriously, it is that terrible. Do not get this phone, even for free. If somebody offers you this phone, punch them in the face because this phone is an abortion.Bullet points on why this phone sucks:- Cover is confusing to remove- Randomly goes to the power down screen for no reason.- Sometimes powers off when you're in the middle of something even if the thing is fully charged.- Takes a long time to power up. When combined with the above, this can be extremely frustrating.- Not many apps are compatible with it.- YouTube player is of poor quality.- Texts sometimes go out slow or not at all.- Sometimes the screen orientation shifts when you barely turn the phone and sometimes it takes several good hard turns of the phone to get it to shift.- Web pages often don't load all the way.Seriously, DO NOT BUY OR OTHERWISE OWN THIS PHONE! IT IS ELECTRONIC GARBAGE!

Good phone! I enjoyed using it! The keys are tiny so if you have big/fat fingers I would advise against getting this. I also have Sprint and they had to add some $10/mo data package to hook this phone up. Still $40 replacement phone is well worth it. New phones all seem overwhelming at first anyway but by the 2nd week It was easy.

Arrived timely and in great condition. Much cheaper than buying the "warrantied" replacement from Sprint. Thanks! I would purchase from this vendor again. Once our Sprint contract is up, I will be seeking a smart phone replacement for my daughter and myself on Amazon. :-)

i purchased this phone for my mom as a backup for here existing pixi because her's was on the fritz when i received the phone i turned it on to make sure it worked and then stored it until her phone stopped working and when her's finally quit working i activated it and after a week of use one half of the keypad doesn't work i guess its not all the sellers fault because it was shipped in a timely manner and it was a good price

this phone didn't work for me, as soon as I got it and began charging it it refused to work I hope this isn't a side effect of all of their phones but this one in particular did not work for me at all in anyway shape or form.

The phone did not work. I placed it on the charger given and it simply would not turn on. Never again.

I got a NEW Palm Pixi from you and it was packaged very well. Unfortunately, once the battery died, the phone would not recharge. The battery is fine but the phone itself will not charge!

I was not able to use the phone because it was still connected to an account which allow me to use and plus there was no return address for me to send it back

The phone is very small and not really designed for people with larger fingers/hands. The keys are very small and can be hard to see. Besides that, the phone is user friendly after reading the instructions thoroughly. The screen is a little sensitive. I've only had it for about a week and will update if anything changes.

have had the palm pixi (sprint) for over a year and it is generally an excellent phone.pros:VERY compactqwerty keyboard (a MUST for me)webOS (amazing, love how you don't need to go into menus to get where you want)google synccheapcons:short battery life (be sure to buy extra charger)crashes not infrequentlypalm has gone out of businessno wifiif you are a long time palm owner (like me), recommend purchasing "companion link software" to sync palm desktop memos, etcplease don't be shy with questions if you are contemplating buying one of these.****UPDATE August 2013First Palm Pixi went with me during deployment to Afghanistan. Trip tooks its toll and needed new cell phone.Since I was a longtime Palm fan and didn't want to jump into a new smart phone, I purchased another Pixi given what I liked about it above.Phone shipped with old (2009) WebOS and a BETA version app catalog. Both epic fails.Spent hours trying to upgrade to newest (1.4.5) WebOS given app catalog would not work.Finally took to local Sprint store where they graciously spent approximately 5 hours trying to upgrade WebOS and get the phone to work. They were unsuccessful.Tried to call HP customer service, their website customer service number is DISCONNECTED.Returning phone for refund. HP/Palm, I will never consider another product from you again.Amazon as always was fantastic and refunded me without question. Sprint personnel at Potranco (San Antonio) location were great.Oh, and I bought a Samsung S3.The end.

Takes forever to turn on and many lil bugs.  Would not recommend this phone to anyone. Sorry :( honestly should be removed from market.

We've been using Palm phones for years.  When my daughter lost her phone I bought her the Pixi.  She really likes the keyboard and the size of the phone.  WebOS has nice integration with Google contacts, Gmail, Facebook, etc.  Note that Sprint now charges an extra $10/month for each smartphone on the family plans.

Pros:-Easy to use-GREAT simplified calendar-SMS format/layout is easy, simple and cute-Touch works well-Fast internet connection(compared to the slug BB speed) even without WiFi-Buttons are softer plastic, easier to type on even though they are small-Fun way of exiting apps, flick them off the screen-Battery lasts about 1.5 days for me. Med-moderate use, texting, phone calls, reading news between classes and checking email.Cons:-App catalog is lacking-->Fewer free apps,-Restart takes about 5 mins-Menu/phone operating takes some getting used to-Few options as far as customization of phone settings, like back-light, font, notifications, menu style, email notification.-I can't figure out how to delete preloaded Sprint apps, (about 10) they clutter my menus.-NO SPELL CHECK, AT ALL-->I've looked. No update, no patch, nothing to help out a poor speller like myself. Has 'auto correct', changes abbreviations to full words.. Not very helpful.-->I downloaded a free dictionary app to check myself, still a major inconvenienceOver All:-100% happier with this simple, intuitively designed little phone than I was with my BB Bold. Pros far outweigh cons for me, even with the HUGE mistake of not including spell check. Wish I would have gotten this on the first place!

I have been very disappointed with this phone.  Let me count the ways:1. Horrible reception2. Calls drop constantly.3. Texts don't go through or they go through 3x at once.4. It is hard to understand people and they can't understand me.5. Apps launch themselves automatically.6. Google Maps disabled.7. No ignore button if the phone is in sleep mode.8. Fewer and fewer apps available.9. It takes 10 minutes plus to restart.10. Very slow.11. Videos played (from youtube, etc) are out of sync.12. Small screen.13. Chicks don't dig it.

This phone is very good for the price, especially. I've had and iPhone, Android, and Blackberry before this, and I have to say that palm is way ahead of the game as far as operating systems go. The specific phone I had just prior to this was a Blackberry, and although I liked it, it was starting to act up and do all sorts of crazy crap. I needed a new phone but wasn't due for an upgrade. I had a friend who had owned a Palm previously, and her only complaint was the apps. This, I must confess, is a major drawback, which I personally can't understand. Palm is light-years ahead of even the iPhone as far as how the phone actually FUNCTIONS. If they could take the WebOS system Palm uses and put it in an android phone with a 7" screen and an onscreen keyboard, everyone would love it once they tried it. So why palm can't get better apps is beyond me. Apparently it's gone downhill since HP bought it out, but the phone still functions great and I highly recommend it.It takes good pictures(better than iPhone pictures, but not super great either).I love the card feature for apps so you can move on to something new and whatever you were working on is still there and you can come back to it later.It's so simple to just plug it in and load/unload music and pictures in the blink of an eye.The calendar is, in the vernacular, "boss".Email and facebook work like a charm, and what may be fast becoming my favorite perk of this phone is the CHARGING STONE/TOUCHSTONE that palm comes with! How is it that palm is the only phone with that? What the heck?! It's BRILLIANT! All I have to do is set my freaking phone on the freaking stone and voila! It's charging and securely held in place!Music plays great on it. Everything I can't get an app for that I want to do, I can pretty much do through the browser.One thing negative I will say is that this phone is not great for gamers. I don't play games on my phone so I don't have that problem, but this, I understand, is a major turn-off for people who want to play words with friends, hanging with friends, and whatever else people waste battery time doing. And once again, this is palm's own fault. If the only drawback is stupid little app games like that, why the hell NOT offer them for people? Do what you have to do to move the dang product, and this product is sublime. It's the perfect professional phone, the essential blend of blackberry and iPod meets something even better than either. If the only thing standing in the way of that is a couple apps...get the dang apps and give people what they want. All I'm saying.

Perfect order!  Phone was brand new and in original sealed packaging!  Came in the mail as ordered.  No problems activating with my service!  Would highly recommend!

Crappy Product...Sloooow...almost no choices for apps on the market....the manufacturing quality is terrible...the backflap is coming apart and haven't even used it for 6 months. I had ordered it as a temporary phone to last me through the months while I was waiting to become eligible. Just ordered my Samsung Galaxy S-3. Can't wait till my new phone gets here. Would not recommend. I now can say I have used a Palm and totally understand why this company is failing big-time!

There are only two good things I can say about this phone 1) it's small, lightweight and thin  2) I can access the web very quickly (as opposed to The Blackberry which would take forever to access and sometimes I couldn't access it at all). Other than that, this phone is AWFUL! After three months it just completely stopped ringing or alerting me to any text messages. It turns itself off while I'm using it and it takes a really long time to power back up. I feel very frustrated that this phone is a useless piece of junk and that I have to replace it.

The Palm Pixi i received was damaged. The screen did not light up at all. I am extremely unsatisfied and I want all my money back.

The phone seemed to be a great phone, nice phone but unfortunately the letters and numbers were too small for me.

The product came quickly and look brand new with the original box and all the fixings. I am pretty impressed.
