
I have tried SEVERAL times to get just a LITTLE help from both Amazon, AND the seller.You know what Amazon "support" told me? They told me they cannot help me. This is what they told me, and I quote ...."Since the item was ordered from Wireless Experts, Inc., a seller on ourwebsite, we are unable to replace it even though it was Fulfilled by Amazon.If you still want the LG Thrill Optimus 3D P925 Unlocked Android CellPhone - US Warranty - Black - Carrier Packaging, please place a new order.I've provided the current listing for this item below:"Basically, instead of helping to resolve the issue, they ask me if I want to just go ahead and PURCHASE A NEW ONE!Seriously? This cellphone last 1 MONTH, IT IS RUBBISH. AND I just wasted all that money!Neither Amazon OR the seller is offering ANY help whatsoever. I told them I dont NEED a replacement, just a damn solution! Nice to see how much people stand behind the product they sell. Jerks!Sorry to be so rude, but I have gotten the run around, and its SO annoying! ALl I want is what I paid for - A cellphone that WORKS for more than a MONTH.

I would have given this phone 5 stars because if everything worked correctly it would be an amazingly great phone. Unfortunately, neither LG nor AT&T; have supported this phone hardly at all since release. It comes with an old Massively outdated Android operating system, but they !promised! it would receive an update after release. Well most owner's had to wait a LONG............time thinking it would never come but now we have FINALLY get that update - which doesn't even upgrade you to the newest Android version. It's still an old version - AND MAKES THE PHONE SEVERELY BUGGY AND NEARLY UNUSABLE!Don't update this phone if you buy it, as tempting as that may be, because while adding some (mostly useless) features, it also makes it EXTREMELY buggy creating ghost apps that are always running and draining your battery. Just looking at your App Manager (which works perfectly if you don't update your phone) you can sometimes see upwards of 20 apps running in the background that you NEVER launched! This phone does it all the time and I'm sick of going into the App Manager and stopping each one manually. I can stop all the ghost apps, and put the the phone down, and literally a few seconds later pick up the phone and its running even MORE ghost apps! Ridiculous and the reason I now HATE my phone.The 3D and especially the 3D support via features is excellent. The 3D camera and the depth it has is excellent. The way it comes with plently of memory and HDMI jack to go out to your 3D tv is excellent. But this phone is not, because it is too buggy, and we had to beat AT&T; and LG over the head to get the first Android update, and when we finally did receive it, it made our phones too buggy to be enjoyable ever againI'm just now learning about the "ghost calling" problem. Apparently, if the phone is idle for too long it will disconnect from the cell tower. What does that mean? Well that means if someone calls you, it will never ring and sometimes won't even show a missed call! I can confirm this as it was happening to me all the time and I didn't even know the problem was widely reported! Also this will mess with the internal clock of the phone, and it will display the incorrect time when you do turn it back on, and can cause you to miss crucial alarms that you need to wake you up!I'm not ever getting another LG phone unless it's just to use it as a toy. I love the 3D features, but if I could do it all over again here's what I would do: I would get the latest, most mainstream Android phone out there to ensure the best, most up to date support (Samsung Galaxy S III now I believe) and Android version. Never again will I buy a phone believing the promise that it will get LATER support. If it launches with crap software/Android version, it will probably be crap. And if I could do it all over again, I would never have upgraded this phone to the FINALLY released (because we were bugging them, not because they were ever going to keep their word) newer (but still old and outdated) Android version which turned out to be BUGGY BUGGY BUGGY. And they won't fix the bugs, they don't care. At&t; will blame LG, and LG will blame At&t; just the way it has gone and will go if you complain to either of them about this phone's problems/glitchinessSo there you have it. My review. Stay away from this thing unless it's just as an extra toy and not a phone you need to rely on. And if you do get it, please heed my warning and don't update it

For an uncontinued phone its great. Its about 3 years old so you can't have super high expectations. But it gets the jobs done does everything I need and keeps up with my buddies galaxy 3.. for half the price. I was happy

P925 is very nice Android phone, comes with glass free 3D feature, have a lots of fun. Unlocked feature works very well with non-us cellphone provider. But the shipping was a little bit slow, still 5 stars not a big deal.Thanks!

I can say that I'm very satisfy for my product. And i recommend it to anyone who want to buy a good phone

The phone it's ok for it's price. The 3D camera isn't a great feature and it has some bugs. Al least it can be upgraded to ICS

Great phone, performs ok not great no lags so far camera is good but definitely  not great.The 3d works as advertised no headaches, my only issue is the battery if you do anything media related the battery will have to be charged at least 2-3 times per day that really sucks. otherwise i love this maybe because its android any ways

the cell phone is really great, but I received a used cellphone which failed since the first time.Lesson learned. Only chose those packaged and fullfiled by Amazon

Very best cell phone, with Android System Operating 4.0 actualized ang 3d capable it si my best option to me

Please don't get this phone.Especially if you live in the Caribbean, the first day I got this phone and charged it up, went to Google play store app on the phone, a popup showed up saying '' your phone now has 13 new viruses'' which I don't understand because all I did was turn on the phone and charge it which really annoyed me...It freezes, blacks out, forecloses, and because of the freezing I as not able to receive incoming calls, It makes this funny radio nose every 5 minutes to the second.... I cant download apps, at all

Looks good and has a lot more apps than old phone does.  This is just a replacement for phone now.Seems new and improved though.

Excelent item, good price, goog gadget, good mark, good assistance. I will say to my friends about this product and your assistance.

Hello.First it is 3D. No other company has came up with such an idea - 3 D phone.Except HTC. But I don't really like HTC. Not the case, anyway.I received the phone with Android 2.2.2 Froyo.Tried to use it heavily....well...I was disappointed.Slow, sluggish, bad battery life.Skype was not working (Froyo does not support multiple cameras)Then I found how to update it to Gingerbread.It went successfully, but with some hiccups.I even called LG and got RMA....phone went off and I could not get it back to life...Then I tried to update it on XP machine - surprise! I got update no problem.Why was it a problem on win7 I do not know.So, patience won again.With GB the phone became faster, waay faster. Battery life improved too.Skype now works no problem.The phone is easy to root as well. I used Vulcan Factory code.20 min and it's done.So, it is good machine!Do not read bad reviews, some work and patience and you will get yourself pretty muchunique phone for not so much money!Thanks for reading!UPDATE after 6 month of usage......The phone is still alive and working.But if I had my choice, I would have never bought it again.Why? Simply because it is sooooo buggy...I can't turn on or off either BT or WIFI.If I do it once, might be fine, but next attempt freezes the phone.By freezing I mean, WIFI or BT cannot be turned on or off...these two are not under my control anymore.They are stuck.So, I have to reboot my phone AT LEAST once per day.Sometimes it looses charge - VERY fast. When I'm not using it...So, no more LG....UPDATE.After upgrading to ICS the problem with WiFi is gone.Same problem stays with turning on-off Bluetooth.

The phone did not charge. Which was the exact problem I had with the same phone I got from AT&T.

Compre este telefono hace como 1 mes estoy muy satisfecho el equipo estaba completamente nuevo sin ningun detalle funciona perfectamente con MOVILNET Y MOVISTAR en VENEZUELA excelente telefono las imagenes en 3D son sorprendentes..Buy this phone 1 month ago I am very pleased the team was completely new with no detail works perfectly with MOVILNET VENEZUELA AND MOVISTAR excellent phone in 3D pictures are amazing ..

If you are a 3D lover, this its the Phone for you; it does everything a modern smart phone do plus a little more, maby isnt the fastest phone or powerfull as an S3, but it has a great screen 4.3 (bigger than Iphone) also it does stream HDMI directly to your Flat TV via HDMI conector (I use to it to See 3d movies on my 55" flat screen, and I love it) camera its great, I think I like this one over the new 3DMax since this one have HDMI connector, I strongly recomend to buy a protective case also, bigger screens are prone to crack if droped, Best phone I had so far...UPDATE JAN 2014: I still have this phone, broke the screen digitizer and replaced it myself, but it went sorta buggy and for the today phones specs are a sorta oudated, Im using a P720 3Dmax actually and gave this one to wife as second phone, the P970 its far better but it became scarce in the market, still for 160$ this phone its a very good bang for your bucks if you looking for a 3D portable camera and a small device for looking 3d pics and movies"What this phone can do that  Samsumg S3 and Iphone cant:-  take 3d Photos and Video-  watch 3d pictures and videos (join Phereo Community share and see 3D pictures around the world)- Stream 1080p 3D and Normal video to TVs using HDMI  cable (Included)- Play 3D games

I would buy again if it was unlocked cant unstall bloat where cant use wifi hotspot they hard lock the phones

Does not have true 4G LTE speed like the newer Android phones.  Has a speed closer to 3G and much slower speeds than true 4G.  I think it's important to those thinking they're getting a fast 4G speed phone.  If you're buying it for the 3D camera and such and don't mind slow close to 3G speed, well, go for it.  Just read these reviews, though, and realize you probably will have many of the same problems.

I used it like normal, and after about a month and a half it just stopped turning on or doing anything!

Good afternoon. I need to know if this cell is the application you can download the BBM (pin)?? because they gave him to buy and not ever knowing that detail and I wanted to know. thanks

Unlocked LG THRILL 4G - Excellent service by the seller. The phone looks great!! Good quality, very fast and confortable. Definitely a GREAT DEAL!

It just work for a month, but it was a great product until it got stock on the LG logo screen, costume service told me that I rooted it and that guarantee didnt cover that, well I dind rooted it but didnt want to fight over it. So money lost.

20 days after buy it in amazon start to overheat bad,bad reception also sometimes locks and doesnt respond, the only feature i like is the 3d camera,and games sometimes i cut a call and the people in the other phone can listen all you talk, stay away from this garbage, i dont know how Lg release a thing like this....................

you can buy the LG Thrill 4G P925 Unlocked GSM Phone with 3G, Dual Core, Android 2.... LG Thrill 4G P925 Unlocked GSM Phone with 3G, Dual Core, Android 2.... is a very good phone

My recent purchase was supposed to be an unlocked android, however, upon receiving the item, it turns out it was not unlocked. My contacts did not show up in my phonebook and my internet data did not work. I emailed them according to the email address they gave me, and they were not able to help me nor were they trying to find a way to help me. I tried contacting the number they gave me several times, however, I seemed to have always reached them "AFTER their business hours", when I called at 10/11AM and their business hours are supposedly Monday-Friday 9AM-5PM. I am very upset and am filing a z claim.

My daughter loves this phone. She even takes it to the bathroom with her. My son has the same phone, he got his a year ago and was amazed at how much I payed for it. It came unlocked and ready to go. It also looked liked an untouched phone. My only problem is, I can't find the card to start her phone for calls and things. They are out... She has internet so to her, it's a mini tv.... she also gets free text until I can find the card that goes to this phone....Product came very fast and is in excellent condition....2nd review... I got her Sim card and minutes from Straight Talk. I activated the cards and came across a problem. I needed a pin number for the phone to work.. We were both very upset.... I called Straight Talk and they worked with me, they couldn't help me and told me to call AT&T; since it is an AT&T; phone. They said it needed to be unlocked by them... AT&T; tried everything but said I may need to send my phone back to the seller...I can't tell you how angry I was. I even called Amazon. I sent the seller an upset note explaining my problem. He was very nice when he returned my email. He told me he would handle everything. I really thought he couldn't because the phone places couldn't. My daughter was in tears and I wanted her to keep her phone. We emailed back and forth, he was explaining what to do to the phone. It was clear and very easy to understand. I tell you, he got my daughter's phone working in half the time AT&T; worked with me. He had half of what they had, but he gave me the pin number... He was great with this upset woman to calm me down and fix the problem. I tell you, I am a hard cookie to sell things to. I will say this...If I ever have to buy a phone again, I will always see what he has first... He stands behind what he says and his products and really have no complaints from anyone. I don't even have one. Smile... My daughter is very happy now, that makes me happy....Thank you again for everything. I will be shopping with you again. This has been a very positive experience for me, letting me know, shopping with Amazon has always been a good choice for me.... This is a great phone...

He was conteno by receiving the phone... to receive it the putdown and phone speaker is damaged, is not heard nothing. I'm very upset. It only works with the headset.

This phoen is complete garbage, sure, it works for the first month or so, it is amazing! (For that short amount of time) DO NOT BUY after a year it will not recieve messages with the screen locked. It will freeze up and stop working. Will not receive updates. AT&T did not help my wife and i until they saw that we had switched back to our old flip phones.

Unit worked just over one month and then it had a fatal failure, and since warranty was only 30 days for being a used item, I just lost $ 200 US dlls....... Watch out for untested used items... I would refrain from taking chances again.

When I put the chip of my local mobile operator and after introduce my local PIN number, it is asking me for the unlock code, but I have not idea about what code this is, somebody knows how to unlock it?.

Dont use this as my main device, but its okay. 3d is cool and works well. annoying to update to gingerbread. extended battery is a MUST. Nothing to special or bad really.

It was what I needed to be 3d camera and very good resolution, The applications are very good and the weight not too heavy indicated

I love this phone. This this is the the greatest phone I ever had.3D features on this makes me feel good. Especially watching videos in 3D format or playing 3D games is so amazing

This phone is great, though i don't use the 3D on it often its still an amazing phone all around.

There is a VERY good reason why this 4G, 3D capable smartphone is only $235. It sucks. I have had this phone for justover a year and have already gone through 2 of them. The phone constantly freezes which forces you to have to rip the batteryout to get it to work again. I don't multi-task very often but even then, apps are crashing in the middle of doing something.Within a month the first one I had kept randomly shutting down and would not reboot unless the battery was removed and replaced. Only to take 10 minutes to restart after doing so. If you plan to use the phone for anything length of time, don't expect the battery to last you more than a few hours. Many other phones will last FAR longer then this does. And if this phone truly is 4G its slower than absolute hell! That's assuming it will actually boot the application up and doesn't constantly restart it. The only good things about this phone is the screen size and 3d capabilities. But for a little bit more you can buy a WAY better phone that you'll actually want to use.

This was my first smart phone.  I was all excited.  Not for long.  This thing has issues.  I purchased mine from ATT.  When everything is running smoothly it's great and I think the 3d capabilities are pretty cool.  I could do without them though and they don't make up for what this phone lacks.  I can't tell you how many times I've been running features that came installed with the phone and it just bugs out.  This requires me to restart it, sometimes it just skips that step and shuts off on its own.  I've ran the updates and even tried starting from scratch, erasing everything and starting over.  The issues just keep coming anyways. Steer clear from this phone and get something tried and true.

i love this phone. its everything you can ever ask for. one thing that might be a problem is when your ready to update the phone. eventually i did get the update to android 2.3 after several calls to lg for help. for those who are having the same problem go to this website [...] and download the ATT lg thrill driver (its called LGP930.ZIP). install everything that's in the zip folder on your PC. then go to lg support and download the lg support tool. follow the update instructions.

i bought the lg for my wife as a gift.she use it and she said there is no problenand they sent my phone on timethanks for all

This phone is very good- it works well for me so far. I tried my Liberian Sim card but it didn't recognize it. For the US, it is a sophisticated little computer. I can access my email and other cool sites. The 3d images are great. The battery is stable, it goes for a day before charging.  It died on me after a year of use. Make sure you back up your data. I lost everything. During my 1.5 years of use, there were issues with the battery. I always kept it on the charger. It froze quite often and I had to take out battery and restart. Overall, I still love it and will try to repair or get another model.

Everything that was expected was delivered. Fast shipping quality of the product. Aparthe price.  Awesome phone and of course its 3d t from the packaging box one could not tell it was used. No blemishes and the apps runs like 'bolt'. Heheheh..3d is awesome and smooth playback no glitches.Pros.Excellent displayFast app processingGood speaker playbackUser friendlySleek.ConsSome apps cannot tilt landscapeBattery life kinda low.Otherwise for the price awesome phone and of course its 3d.My second lg product the first being the hw310 projector I can say not disappointed..

I thank this was a great buy, I have used it for the last few months and it is great. its fast, loads of apps, I love this phone.

3D is great, better than I expected.. Performance is wonderful, very smooth & quick. No complaints. Will keep this phone for awhile.

Purchase this phone in December works grate, 3D is a bit hard on eyes.Anyway the phone stop reading the sim card in February, every thing else on the phone works fine.Contacted the seller, they was very helpful, they gave me all the info to contact LG.Sent the phone to LG at my cost.They responded and the said the phone was damaged due to liquid and physical damage.When I contacted them they then said the their is a problem with the sim card reader and the repair will cost $40And the phone is out of warranty unless I can provide proof of purchase in December, which I did the phone will be repaid free.They never got back to me, two weeks later I got a email from Fed-ex stating that they have my phone.I got it back not repaidI don't recommend that any one buy something from a company that don't support the products

said LIKE NEW, NOT LOOKS LIKE NEW has a deep scratch on the screen, and several scratches on the back, plus NOT UNLOCKED as indicated in the description, just disappointing ...

This phone accepted my carrier's sim card. I am very pleased with the touchscreen, and all the functions that are available. Works with my Ford Expedition's sync, so I can make and receive calls with voice commands, and automatically puts other media in standby while on the phone

Worked great for the first few months. Six months into it and it freezes constantly, meanwhile people think they are texting and calling me, yet I am not receiving them. I have to remove the back, and remove the battery about 5 times/day now. Would NOT recommend this phone. Disapointed, especially since my children and I have had previous LG phones that performed so well.

this phone is annoying sometimes when it freezes. you need to wait 1 to 2 minutes to wait it wake up.

I would have loved to use this feature filled device from LG. Lg is a fantastic manufacturer, who has in the past provided nothing but the highest quality of consumer electronic goods form washer/dryer, cell phones, monitors, to kitchen appliances. However, due to Amazon's policies and their lack of customer service on my order, I never received my purchase, and 6 weeks later I am still waiting on my refund. Despite Amazon's inability to provide their product up to expectations, LG does time and again, and I would recommend anybody buying an LG product.

I've owned a Thrill for a year now, and it's pure junk. There is a widely known "ghost calling" issue, where the phone disconnects from the cell network when in standby (i.e. the screen is off) mode for long (over a couple hours) periods. When this happens, you won't get calls or texts, but those calling you will hear a ringtone. If they don't leave a message, you'll never know they called. This also causes the phone's clock to become unsynchronized, displaying the wrong time (and potentially making you late if you use the alarm). These issues were ADDED by the 2.3 patch released by LG, but LG has never bothered to fix them. Again, these are well known issues; look at LG's forum, and notice the Thrill is the most popular topic, and look at the most popular threads...There are also issues with the touchscreen - if I play an intensive 3D game (including the bundled NOVA 2) the touch screen eventually stops responding to multitouch.The phone will randomly overheat and run the whole battery in a few minutes. It will also randomly shut off and not turn back on until the battery is removed and reinserted.The screen is nice, and the 3D feature is very cool, but the cameras are too close together so the 3D depth from photos/videos you record isn't that good. Also, the video camera skips every few seconds when recording, making it useless for most purposes.

Me encant&oacute; el tel&eacute;fono, lleg&oacute; en excelentes condiciones y entregado en la fecha estipulada, recomiendo esta tienda y este telefono celular.

i love the 3D thing but then i need to get used to it first. i love the speed and the package itself, having 8GB of internal memory, + the 8GB SD card included in every package, the 5MP in the dual cam.. very good quality in an affordable price and because of that i bought 2 phones. :)

great phone. but after purchasing i later found out that this phone was discontinued for issues im currently having with the phone. mainly the phone not holding a charge.

I don't know why people are giving this phone such negative reviews because for me even though I bought it used its still the best bang for your buck.  I love the size of the screen, the smoothness and responsiveness of the interface, I definitely appreciate the 3D feature and how things "pop" out of the screen at you.  At this rate I definitely plan on keeping this phone for a LONG time!

This is a great phone the only thing I don't like is that is was not up to date and the battery life
