
Apple iPhone 4S 16GB Black - FACTORY UNLOCKEDAbout a month ago I bought an "Unlocked iPhone 4s" from you, as a Birthday present for my son.Just today his birthday , he opened it and saw it wasn't Apple nor an iPhone 4s and nor unlocked  , all wrong.I am surprised to see the Amazon ( a recomended and trusted website) would even let you be on their.I am VERY ANGRY and want you to know that Either you give me my money back or i Will that Legal actions.

I bought an Iphone from an Amazon seller. It arrived fast and looked like it was in great condition. By the time I got a sim card and a service plan several weeks had passed. The phone wouldn't pick up any service! I addressed the seller with the issue who insisted that the item was in working condition. They gave me a few options to try and acted like I couldn't return it. I decided too just keep trying to figure out what was wrong with the phone rather that dispute the purchase then since I really wanted it. After several months of research I finally found out that the reason the phone won't get service is because it was reported stolen! I feel so betrayed as a buyer! I can only hope Amazon will help me get my money back.

Phone was in good condition but not factory unlocked, as stated in CAPS!Cost me $50 or so to unlock and daughter was disappointed.

Is awesome! THough I am not speaking on behalf of this sales person, I know that this phone is amazing. There is nothing bad about this phone and I love the longer screen. It's faster than the previous model and it is SIGNIFICANTLY lighter. I high recommend this phone!

I will be living in Indonesia for the next few years and have to use the carriers available here.  I missed my American iphone 4S so bought this one that is sold as "unlocked" to use with a Telkomsel sim card.  Well after WEEKS of trying, I finally found someone who could unlock it to make it work here!  I really don't know how this can be sold as factory unlocked when it clearly is not.  I'm giving this 2 stars because it really is a 4S and now that it works at all, it's what I wanted.  But this product should be listed as not suitable for international use. I expect better from Amazon Prime!

Como todos os produtos da Apple, este no deixou a desejar. Eficiente, bonito, completo. O presenteado adorou receb-lo. Fizemos esta compra pelo Brasil, com entrega nos EUA e tudo correu bem, chegou at&eacute; mesmo antes do prazo previsto.

A little scratched on front and back but works perfectly. No problems whatsoever. Took it to T-Mobile and they activated it. Love it.

After receiving this phone as a replacement phone, I promptly hooked it up to sync it with my computer.  Of course my computer then told me it had a software update so I went ahead and did that, and my phone turned into a brick.  After numerous attempts at diagnosing the error I called apple.  I read them the serial-IMEI number.  They then informed me that this phone was actually not unlocked.  Upon looking at my order receipt it clearly states that when you update to IOS 6 the phone is not unlocked if updated via apple server and it will turn into a &#34;brick&#34;.  Right there on the receipt after the &#34;factory unlocked, sealed box&#34; stuff.  Apple said that was another indicator that it wasn't factory unlocked.  Needless to say I contacted Buy Mart, they wanted to replace my phone and I said no way.  They are supposed to be giving me a refund, I wonder how many fees will be attached.  I would have given one star, but once customer service was contacted they did pretty good.

&#34;phone described as &#34;mint condition. no marks, scratches or scuffs&#34; arrived with speaker not working and significant scratch on screen. paid for expedited delivery as gift for son going overseas. no time to return so had to pay to fix speaker. will have to live with scratch. very disappointed. will not use this seller again.&#34;

It is exactly what I needed.It is very friendly to use for people already using another Apple device, like an iPad

I bought this iPhone a it was new on April this year, it was published as it was new. Last week I went to the apple store in NYC and I asked for a revision, they told me that this phone has been sold in April 2012 to Tony Phar so that was it is out of warranty since March 2013, just 2 weeks before I bought it AS IT WAS NEW, by Amazon to your provider. i paid usd 553 and it is supposed to be under warranty and it isn't, who is going to solve this? Who is going to pay me back for having a refurbished phone? Amazon or the provider should respond for this fraud, thanks

Before purchasing this from Amazon i was little scared i thought whether i will receive a good one or not (i know its a factory unlocked but still),but after getting this i am completely satisfied and very happy that now i also have iPhone in my hand :-),its came with sealed packaged and everything is absolutely perfect..

This apple iphone 4s 16GB Black is a locked phone it sells as a factory unlocked what can I do with it now.

Excellent product, totally new and unlocked, congratulations, but is not wraped, and the case was very impaired... In all case thanks you for the product!!!

The speaker went out after 8 months and I had to replace it. It took a couple weeks to configure it to Straight Talk, but now it works fine. Paid too much for it though.

I purchased this unlocked phone from Miamoresales. When I tried to get service with my carrier, discovered the phone was blocked (stolen?) and I cannot establish service.

I bought this iphone to use on an MVNO network.  It works great and was in even better than expected.  It is unlocked as stated.  This is important because AT&T probably won't unlock a phone still locked on their network without paying off old account balances or an ETF (early termination fee).  The phone has a very small hairline crack on the back, but 2 months later, it still hasn't expanded larger.  The crack is small enough that I wouldn't have noticed it if I wasn't looking for something.  I can't even feel it with my finger.  Note that you'll need a nano sim card and that MMS might not work on AT&T MVNO.  This is a fault of Apple's and doesn't affect T-Mobile MVNOs or the original Network apparently.

The item have a broken glass at one corner and it came with completely worn out plastic cloth cover/case it is below my expectation.

The was sold as factory unlocked but I received a sim card to unlocked and it did not work well

I liked very much this phone. I love it. Is very confortable and pretty. The phone was as I expected.

Perfect

Great product, bought it as I wanted to upgrade from a Blackberry. I am totally hooked on it after 2 weeks use.No problems at all. Now spending all my time downloading apps.

The phone was brand new, but charge cable did not charge after a couple weeks. Had to buy another one.

Great service and the phone is exactly as listed. The 4S has Siri, 4G service, and the HD type screen. In my opinion it's just as good as the 5.

I really like this phone, it's solid and works really fast. The only downside of my model is that it comes with iOS 7.1.1. and it's impossible to jailbreak it so I can't install some apps. Otherwise all good:)

Iphone was ok, but comunication with the provider proved to be great, therfore some issues were resoved smoothly and quickly.

The phone arrived on time and in brand new condition as described - it was &#34;unlocked&#34; - I had no difficulties switching my At&t sim card to the new phone - the phone has worked for approx 2 weeks now and suddenly the battery will not hold a charge. I charge it overnight and now within 30 minutes of NON-use - the battery is dead - IF the company is willing to replace the battery in the phone then I would give this item a 5 star rating for timely delivery, item received was exactly as described and I this is the 2nd phone I purchased from Amazon because the first one claimed to be locked to At&t which was fine because I use At&t service, however when I received the phone and took it to have the sim card changed out with my old phone and numbers transferred I was told it was not an At&t phone - SO BE CAREFUL ABOUT purchasing &#34;unlocked&#34; phones or buying any that say they're locked to a certain service because I have found many misleading and flat out ads that lied.  Again, other than the battery - this seller delivered exactly as described ... ,but the phone is NO good without a battery - and I own a management company - I'm on the phone 24/7 - I hope they make this right - if so, I'll change the rating, but for now - I should give them a ONE star

Because the equipment is not complete, the charger don't came into!!!I need the charger, is necessary for me have this accessorie,,, I need one!

I've had an iPad for about a year and the 4s is like a micro-mini iPad tho I currently limit its use primarily to phone calls & texting

The product I received was what I expected, this was a gift for my daughter and she loved it! I give this review a 4 star as the price decreased almost 50 dollars after I placed my order.

I really need to know if is ikt really unlecked due to I read from some of the costumers that it comes still locked and that would be a huge problem for me

I ordered this a month ago and its been great. Its fairly fast considering its used/refurbished. But the battery can barely go a whole day without charging. Communication with seller was good. definitely recommended!

I'm very happy with the product and liked the timeliness and reliability of the company that bought the product.I recommend the product and the company that bought the product.

The phone meets all the requirement for the seller said. But I dislike this product simply because it's not working as other phone. There are a lot of problems in it.

The screen is cracked and it's an iPhone 4 not 4s. Only get it if you like buying things that are rip offs.

I bought this d&eacute;fice in order to mais my life easier and it happened.I didn't have any problem and when I had a doubt how to inicialize ( remember it was a Factory unlocked device), they have helped me quickly.

Factory unlocked (I travel overseas quite often), beautiful design, and feels more solid in the hand than the newer iPhone 5.  I purchased the latest edition of the iPhone on launch day but after several weeks with the device I sold it and came back to the iPhone 4S.I got a used one (in great condition) for more than $100 less than it sells at Apple.  Great deal on one of the world's most beautiful and functional devices.

Better condition then expected everything on the phone looked new only flaw is the battery doesn't last as long as I'd like it too but and excellent buy would buy from seller again

Seems like it was refurbished not just used but works nice so far. Headphone seems to be missing mesh and an odd screen line,

This phone was defective a month after i purchased it.  it cost me over $400 and the motherboard is corrupt and the wifi is enabled.  I am unable to return the phone, apple is unable to fix it, and the seller doesnt have any contact information.  I was ripped off and will NEVER purchase from this seller again and i highly recommend that ;you dont either.

i just bought this phone for my wife and its a good phone and am thinking of buying one for my self i recommend you to buy it

the same as if i by it by applethe mobile phone is new in the case i recievd it very fast and i am realy happy

This new iPhone 4S is simply unbelievable. Siri is the most amazing thing that ever existed on a mobile device. It understands everything you ask it, everything! You can tell it to make you an appointment, find you an Italian restaurant or what a stock is trading at for the day. The 8 megapixel camera is unreal. The screen resolution is unmatched. The best part about THIS iPhone 4S though is that it is factory unlocked. You can put any US sim card in it, and when you travel, you can put any foreign sim card in it so there are never roaming charges. You will never have to sign a commitment with any carrier and the phone will never lock to one carrier! And, because it's factory unlocked, you can update your iPhone 4S software as soon as Apple releases a new version. IT WILL ALWAYS BE UNLOCKED!

now I had a foreign language study book taken and not turned in to lost and foundI had some ear buds the same thing.. Now I know people there tease me and I guess throw my stuff out , right who steals books in a rich neighborhood like this but to steal an iphone from a disabled man thats is really bad or to take say it was taken not stolenif someone knows the staff there mabye they can look into it more and it will turn up..I didnt get one christmas present and was alone on christmas and New Years like every year.. thanks to the columbus avenue bid and the governement in the area partly..thanksPS I dont want to be alone next christmas or St Pats or Valentines for that matter I never had a valentine I used to be pretty good looking...this is a Sin very big sin I never had a St Pats day or a New YearsMora law 2... morality = (1/money x sex partners per year)/10k x 1/talking nonsense per day  x 40any number less than 1 your may want to check yourself... go to church or praybelow .5 and your probably in trouble

The only problem I had with this phone is it was not FACTORY UNLOCK! It was Gevey UNLOCK which the seller failed to mention to the buyers. When i received this phone I palce my sim and it worked, then i decided to update this phone and it was instantly LOCKED to its original carrier &#34;VERIZON&#34;. It took me one and a half months to get this phone unlock form IPHONEREPAIRMAIMIBEACH. However, I like it and it's working like how a FACTORY UNLOCK suppose to work. Thankd to the seller for not mentioning NOT TO UPDATE to the latest IOS.

I ordered this phone for a relative's birthday - super fast delivery, and the phone looks brand new! Happy all round!!!

Buenas tardes, el envio del telefono a Venezuela llego en perfecto estado, todos sus accesorios sellados y el funcionamiento del mismo perfecto, gracias por sus servicios!

Love iPhones, but unfortunately this one had a few glitches. No problem with Amazon though. Great customer & quick response/return/replacement timeframe. Defective iPhone was the only problem which was an unforeseen circumstance. Thinking now I just want to go for it & get the 5S!!!

The Iphone 4S came on time and with the extra AppleCare Warranty which made it an even a better deal.

My iPhone 4S met my expectation as described on Amazon. It also works well with all my other Apple products.

Almost no scratches, like a new, working with T-Moble, and i did the upgrade to 6.0.1 and still working! Was a good deal! Thanks

But I got a 64G iphone which i haven't think of how to use...with such a huge PhoneIt's great for me to have a unlocked phone now.

I AM SO HAPPY ABOUT MY iPhone 4S IT'S NOT EVEN FUNNY... I AM SOOOOOOOOOOOOO HAPPY THAT I AM THIS PURCHASE AFTER TOSSING IT AROUND FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS!!  &#60;3

I want my money back, the iphone wasnt new, its not factory unlocked,it was still locked to AT&T. The camera doesnt work. You are a scammer

Ok. excellent condition, practical, easy to handle, but this version could be improved with the application SIRI in Spanish, camera and accessories are equal to a previous version.

The phone is factory locked by the operator TELUS in Canada and I can not use it in my country Venezuela

well...... um yeah. its i dont know how to explain it. it is an iphone so yep. So you know

i did bought this phone and it was discribed as the selller said, it cames unlocked and ready to work on any other networks

Thanks. Its an iphone. If you are buying this... well you know what you are getting into. Nice, Sturdy, No problems

This was old Iphone, the Wi-fi and bluetooth stoped workind, I brought it to apple many times, finally I schedule at apple Galleria in F. Lauderdale - they check serial number = told me - old product, warranty expired one year and half before, refurbished, no repair, this is a garbish. ..... I will never buy eletronics and products like iphones, smart phones, tvs, etc in AMAZON. I CANNOT ENTRUST ANYMORE, specially because today I got a box with a motorola MODEN OPENED  I, missing the SB6121 Cable modem, the software license and Warrranty card.. tHIS ITEM WAS IN THE SAME PACKAGE WITH A ROUTER, BRAND NEW, COVERED WITH PLASTIC, DIFICULT TO RATE PRODUCTS SEPARATED. I USED TO BE A VERY GOOD CUSTOMER FROM AMAZON, BUT THIS KIND OF PROBLEM HAPPENED BEFORE, AND  Each day I entrust less amazon...i DON'T LIKE GO TO THE SHOPS, BUT NOW I THINK IS SAFER: WE HAVE THE PRODUCT DIRECTELY TO CHECK, THE ITENS IN THE BOX CAN BE CHECKED, WE HAVE WARRANTY, PREFEREBLY TO PAY A LITTLE BE MORE AND AVOID HEADACHES, LOOSING TIME AND MONEY

Product is as expected tho Siri fuction capabilities are a bit exaggerated. I would recommend for anyone wanting a new iphone.

the supplier is not responsible, I came a locked phone, it is not what the offers I had to pay $ 150 extra to unlock and was not responsible, I solved the problem, really do not waste your time and not spend a hard time !

The iPhone basically looks new, and though I just activated it yesterday, I've had no problems so far. Thank you!

The first thing I noted when I traied to use it was that the charger doesn't work, so I got another charger to turn it on.2nd. Point: It hasn't any sound neighter, only vibrate but no sound at all.And 3th and most important: Is locked! so I can't use it with any chip here in Paraguay! I have to change the phone immediately!

The iphone came fully factory sealed. without a hitch. It is excellent. For me it is the best market tlf

the button are defected as in the + sign reduces the volume and the - sign increases the volume. Dont trust these sellers. I have a doubt on the product as well as i do not know if its a real onle or its a china piece. They have not even provided me with a proper warranty for the phone which really sucks.DO NOT TRUST THESE SELLERS.... i bought a samsung tab and that is really excellent but it was from a different seller...

this product happens to be a good one, no regrets on buying this Iphone whatsoever.works perfectly, nothing wrong with it.

Just got this order - WAY before advertised. I bought it as a used but almost new item, it was given a 9+, it's practically brand new! I am very happy with this purchase and the service provided - VERY happy!

But, what happened with the manual? I don't known what can I do for use it. Need An professor or what?

Been looking for an unlocked iphone...you can go to the apple website and buy it cheaper with the whole apple warranty...

I wanted a second iPhone 4s.  I don't really like the weight or feel of the iPhone 5.  This is just like the one I have from AT&T, but it is unlocked.  The phone is new.  It had not been activated before.  I am happy with the purchase.

i have this iphone 4s black and i was thinking of buying the iphone five when it first came out, but when i went to the store i saw there is no difference between them, also my girlfriend bought an iphone five and we compared them and they absolutely don't have a difference, i think they are the same thing just because the iphone 5 is bigger and it doesn't even matter because the images are displayed the same size as the iphone 4 or 4s.i personally wouldn't buy an iphone 5, i would instead buy this iphone 4 because is a lot cheaper and they do the same stuff, the iphone 5 is not even that fast when surfing the internet either, they are the same thing in everything, but not the way they look, the 5 is a lot thinner that the 4 or 4s and also the 5 weights a lot less than the iphone 4 or 4s, siri is in both 4s and 5, but not in the 4.overall i recommend people to buy an iphone 4s instead of the iphone five because you are just waiting your money, also i personally think people over spend money with 2 year contracts and all that stuff, my iphone is from AT&T; and i have the GoPhone plan the iphone came out to be $580 and every month i spend $60 with unlimited text messaging and unlimited talk, plus 2 GB of internet which i think is one of the best plans right now. and in the other hand people who buys iphone with contract the first time they get it is aroung $300 and the next month you'll have have to pay at least $110 for each moth and that is just way too expensive. i'm trying to help you and save money.

Excelente

The wifi and bluetooth not working!The screen has a blue stain!I am dissatisfied with this purchase!I would like any refund or compensation

perfect , unlocked , still under apple warranty, little small dent on the corner but that was not that big deal. works fine

Everything was as discribed in the details of the purchase. It was in great condition. There were no dificulties with the product. This was my first purchse; therefore, I am unable to compare it to previous purchases

everything was as described, the device was in a very good condition, for a very good price, and an extremely fast delivery! all in all, highly satisfied! Cheers!

So I bought this phone about a week ago, and the phone I received was in excellent condition. No scratches, dents or dings. Also came with the box and all the accessories just as if I had bought from Apple. So that was awesome and the reason it got two stars instead of one. However, this phone was advertised as a factory unlocked iphone and it was not. It was still locked to AT&T. It also came with a Gevey chip for unlocking the phone. (Which, had I put 2 and 2 together, I should have realized you would not need a Gevey chip if the phone was already factory unlocked.) And to top it off, the Gevey chip didn't work. So right now I have a call into AT&T, hoping they will unlock it for me. (Finger crossed!) So if you plan on buying an iPhone 4S from this seller, realize you are getting a carried locked phone and the only two ways to unlock an iPhone 4S right now are either with the Gevey chip (if you get a working one) or if you can get AT&T to unlock it for you.

I bought this phone as a new phone, but I found out that it is a refurbished one. The battery was not holding the charge for more than a few minutes, thus I contacted Apple Customer Service and they told me this phone was returned several months ago due to the same issue. In theory, they fixed the problem and put the product back into the market.I do not trust this seller (Wireovia) and I do not recommend him.

Good afternoon, I have a problem in the website was described that the phones are factory unlocked, however the phones I got are blocked! The iphones were for export and are in Ecuador. Please I need a solution!

Selling this phone for $55 more than Apple does on their site is tantamount to piracy. These retailers should be ashamed of themselves for trying to cheat their customers.

Satisfactory, the phone was in good condition and I like it. This is a very good phone and if you can get it do so

Seller advertises these as new however they are not. The headphones are just that headphones not a headset. We're going to use them in house for application development testing so it doesn't matter to us but regular buyers would care. Apple would sells their phones ready to go out of the box. One phone arrived with a dead battery and the second barely had a charge. The USB cables and chargers also aren't OEM, but a decent imitations. Both units also arrived without the Apple stickers in the box: Apple always includes stickers in their products. The phones themselves appear to be good refurbished units.

I was shocked at the poor condition of this phone. Unfortunately, I had an accident just when it arrived, and wasn't able to activate it nor to take it to the Genius Bar for a checkup until about a week after the time frame Unlocked Fones allowed, so once I DID take it in and find that the PROBLEMS WERE WITH IT AND NOT WITH ME, I wasn't allowed to return the phone. I explained about the hospitalization (would gladly have provided documentation), but Unlocked Fones did not reply. I tried through Amazon, as well, thinking they would make an exception since the phone was received in bad condition (dropped calls constantly, had a rolling screen, would hop from one built-in app to another, etc.--and the screen looked like it had an oil slick, which at first I thought was meant to be 'artistic', but the tech at the Genius Bar, once I did take it in, assured me this was a fault with the phone). However, all I received from Amazon was an automated response that the time limit had passed. But HOORAY FOR SQUARE TRADE! I had purchased a warranty through them, and they covered the phone 100%: I exchanged it at the Apple Store (paid $199 for a new one  that was not reconditioned....not previously owned, as this one turned out to be), sent the receipt to Square Trade, and they reimbursed me that cost including tax. Their warranties are the best--so if you buy an iPhone (my new one works like a dream, by the way), be sure to get a Square Trade Warranty (good price on it through Amazon)--especially if you buy from Unlocked Fones, who evinced no interest at all in making things right.

Apple's IPhone:Tho I hate the way Apple costs a lot and makes it's fans go to a line in the AM to purchase it's products, I have to admitt Iphone rocks!

There is a crack at the very top of the screen and is not valuable at all. So if you wanted to buy it you would have to go and get it fix. And also it's overly prized sense it's damaged.

I chose 5 stars rating because it is in good condition, not perfect, but works very well and only has minus scratches. I would recommend this product to people that want a good iphone 4s for a reasonable price.

It worked great had an issue with icloud but fixed it apple nothing to do with phone good buy, would buy again

It can be seen a bit old. but it work well. it has not yet jailbroken. I like it. thanks

The product came in good shape, and has been workiing great (just like new). I would recommend buying factory unlocked iphone..

The cellphone is in very good shape. It has no scratches and it works perfectly.I recommend this guy. nice phone.

I ordered this item for two times. First time, it came as a used one, because the original packaging has been opened. So I got it returned. And I think maybe that's a mistake when they process my order.Second, it's also came as a used one. The original packaging has been opened. And a lot other stuffs, including car charger, earphone, case, cam with the phone.Very disappointed.  And would not recommend any other people to buy it unless he/she is you enemy.

I bought this Phone for a Present, The Little boy lives in Venezuela, when he opened the battery and the charger were having some problems. He went to an Apple Store in Venezuela and they said to him that the Iphone was Used and the charger was not the Original. The father had to paid $200 to replace it for a New One. Don't buy anything from them, they sell this Phone as a New one, but it isnt.

So, after ordering 3 i-phones on Amazon, i am coming to the conclusion that it is neither safe nor worth it. All 3 phones, according to the Amazon' description, were UNLOCKED and BRAND NEW. However, ALL THREE came USED, LOCKED, AND BEING ACTIVATED TWICE! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND BUYING FROM THIS SELLER ANYTHING OR EVER! Moreover, i would NOT recommend buying an i-phones on Amazon, period(even though i was a #1 fan of this site). Big bummer!Hope it helps!

I already know the powerfull of apple products, and now I can fell the power of Iphone. The deal was just perfect, Thanx

This merchant is unreliable. I purchased an unlocked IPhone for $430 &#34;like new&#34; and when I received it the phone did not work. I had to take the phone to an Apple store and they told me the phone was malfunctioning and could only be repaired if I paid more money. I tried to contact the merchant and he was of no help, told me the phone was working when he mailed it to me. I spent way too much money on this phone for the merchant to be so uncooperative and unhelpful. I would warn other consumers NOT to buy from this merchant.

Perfect delivery, shipping, the phone works great. I was a little afraid of buying this over here, but dont be, im writing this over my unlocked iphone 4S

my husband's birthday gift, he loves it. I had my iphone 3GS for years, never break down. will buy more

My iphone has a small ploblema the wiffi does not work in all parties which may be done with this because it is ugly not being able to use this tool

EL TELEFONO LLEGO EN BUEN ESTADO, FUNCIONA TODO A LA PERFECCION CON MOVISTAR EN VENEZUELA, LO RECOMIENDO , Y EL PRECIO NI SE DIGA

You can buy the same unlocked iphone from the online apple store at apple.com, which is definitely genuine and is CHEAPER! Why anyone would want to pay more to buy this item from an unknown reseller is a mystery...

Excellent phone, we are using this phone with local operator in Venezuela and working fine.  Seller support also good since we have problems connecting it.  Recommend it fully.

hola buenaos dias le hice una compra de un equipo iphone 4s factory unlocked y me enviaron verizon bloqueado necesito resolver cuanto antes este problema

I've owned smart phones before they were called smart phones. If this phone and others like it were called entertainment phones I would rate it much higher. As a practical business phone it's very lacking in it's control, management, and ability to classify it's data. I have yet to find an app that will easily put contacts in groups with their associated business or profession. In example, lets say you were referred to a doctor by your GP a number of years back, one of many and you can't remember his name. With the older smart phones you would just pull down the classified group list and select medical and you would have a list doctors with what you specified as their specialty. The current smart phones don't have that kind of ability to create classifications. So you have to scroll through your entire contact list and select each person with a Dr in front of his name (oh and you better remember the doctors first name to because that's how it list everyone and every thing--from the "First Name" line!), then select one, read the note regarding their field of work (over and over until you find the doctor your looking for). I have looked at many apps to try and find one as good as the stock contact list that my old palm treo had and so far there's only one. But it's way over complex for what should be a simple task.Apple's "Note" on the IPhone has the same problems. Once again I did find an app that would do, but it's ability to create and classify the notes requires a lot more effort then the palm stock program called Memo.I would go back to using my old Palm Treo but it's been dropped one to many times and now it resets it's self 3 or 4 times a day and I loose the reminders that I have yet to deal with. I choose the IPhone 4S over the Android phone because of their reputation for only allowing apps to be sold after their tested and approval by Apple. After looking for the above mentioned apps I noticed quit a few apps with bug fixes and low customer ratings. So much for that reputation. Another reason I choose apple is because of the customer raves about SIRI. I thought that would work better for voice dialing. Not so. SIRI has some strange problems. It will recognize and repeat what I say and then say it cant find it in my contacts list. Then it instead goes off looking for it online and comes back with other businesses with the same name but it won't be the business I'm looking for. And even though SIRI knows where I'm located by stating that the business is 49 mile from my current location. I may be only 2 miles from the business I'm trying to call. I contacted Apple about this and was told their aware of this problem. So, so much for that plus. I'd return the phone and get a blackberry but with their stock plunging do to their lack of going with the flow of current smart phones I would just end up in the same boat. The problem here is that the smart phone business that once was primarily for business users has now become one of the latest rage of the average public user who the mfg.s think only cares about using the phones for games, video entertainment, and texting. So even though it would be easy to incorporate the features I am missing from my palm the mfg.s just go with the flow and so does the market.

well, long ago i was a iPhone 3g user, then, because many friends insisted and the price was appealing, specially in Brazil,  i bought a galaxy S and was thrilled for abut 1 month, than i could t stop missing my old iPhone 3g(yes, thats right i would trade a galaxy S for an iPhone 3G in a second).iphone 4s =  awesome. i got more use of it on my first weekend with it than i did in 6 months of galaxy S. very fast. intuitive as always and IOS 5 is even better on a dual core. SIRI is unbelievable (and i mean it! My primary language is portuguese and she understand me perfectly, even when i force my accent).IOS x Android = never going back to android. IOS is far more intuitive and easy to operate. i couldn't get the wireless to work it self out whenever I were close to a hotspot on the android, for IOS its automatic. mail viewing and message thread is a lot easier on iOS  and the app store carries a much larger variety of items than the market does. iOS (at least so far, in my 3-4 years of experience with it) is safer, since i was recommended to get at least one antivirus for the galaxy s.though i think the battery lasts a little less than it should,  i can still get about 2 days of use, unless i talk to SIRI a lot, then it would last for one day no problem.the screen could be a little bigger, but i haven't resent going from a 4"to a 3.5"...cons: lens break very easily, so a case or bumper is a need. the antenna seems to have some issues still, but nothing that a good old bumper wouldn't solve.well. this is my review. i strongly recommend this phone

I received thel Phone perfectly, It was tottaly new.10 PointsIm very happy whit my iphne 4 s.Excellent purchase

ESTA MUY BUENO. GRACIAS POR EL ENVIO. ATTEAUGUSTO GRANJA

Apple iPhone 4S 16GB Black, it's cheap. And well quality. Black one is really beautiful. Maybe little old, but enough for use.

I received my new iphone 4s in good condition in the box As described the phone was unlocked and works with the carrier I use I got it in one day and had it hooked up same day I am very satisfied with the phone and the service thank you inferno market.

Last year I had a minor accident with this iPhone (it fell from not a very high distance, maybe from above the knee, it was a slight fall) and something very uncommon happened: its screen stopped working! Technicians at the Apple store considered it -again- uncommon, and therefore decided to replace the iphone for a new one. In order to replace it, however, they needed to look at its serial number. To their surprise (and to mine!), they came back to me saying this iphone had NO SERIAL NUMBER! Because of that, it couldn't be replaced and I had to buy a new one. I DEFINITELY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS SELLER, AND HAVING BEEN A LOYAL AMAZON CLIENT, I no longer feel I can not trust the company as I blindly did so before this unfortunate incident.

I order is the new machine. And you gave me the used. I feel very disappointed.I order is the new machine. And you gave me the used. I feel very disappointed.

It was better than I had buy. I bought a Iphone 4S 16 GB e received a 32 GB . Increible for me. Thank you a lot.

The phone didn't meet my expectation, the Wi-Fi isn't working but the seller didn't make mention of it in the phone's description.  I never would have purchased it knowing that the wifi doesn't work!!

Excellent choice, the cell phone was brand new and factory unlocked, it works perfectly with movistar and movilnet, i will purchase again to tis seller.

I was very pleased with my APPLE I phone.  It arrived on time and is everything I hoped it would be.  I am now in the process of learning how to use it!

I think iPhones are definitely overrated and even Siri-she hardly understands what you are asking. You feel forced now to buy an iPhone because everyone has one and you can get free iMessages (which is nice I admit).  But there are alot of things that I'm not too keen on.

iphone 4s can operate in GSM-1900, GSM-850 and the legacy TDMA-1900, TDMA-800 and AMPS-800, making it both multi-mode and multi-band? i would like to buy 3 iphone 4s, as it is the least i can pay?

Great phone. Using the NET10 byop program with the AT&T sim card, and have 4g service with unlimited talk/text/data for $50 a month. Will never use a contract plan again. Buy an unlocked phone. Make sure to buy a good case (Survivor, Lifeproof). Iphones are very reliable.

This is the best iPhone yet. The design (same as with iPhone 4) is sleek and eye catching (everyone will want to touch it), and screen resolution is fantastic, with images clear and crisp. Sound quality is great; volume and ring tone are very loud. A quick swipe from the top to the bottom of the screen gives you a summary (of weather, news, reminders, etc) at a glance. As the phone is unlocked, you can swap sim cards with ease and use in any country, well almost (more on that at the end of my review).Siri (the robot assistant) is rather good and intuitive, and can do anything from searching through your phone (or the web), to telling you what the weather will be wherever you are (using the location application). I like how she/he learns your name and uses it in communication. You can even use Siri to set location-based reminders, e.g. "Remind me to call Dad when I get home" or "Remind me to stop at the store when I leave here". Of course the location application should be on. Text (in SMSs, emails, notes, webpages, etc) can also be read out to you, and you can also dictate these. Pity you don't get voice commands with the Maps.The 8MP camera takes decent photos; you can take photos with flash, or HDR (which takes two shots with different exposures for you to select from or keep), and you can switch to the front-facing camera which also serves as a video cam. It utilizes face recognition technology, or you can tap on the image you want to focus on the screen. You can edit images in your photo albums (rotate, crop, remove red-eye, etc).The iPod gets a light tweaking; video and audio are separated (just like with the iPod Touch), and I like that the audio player shows album details like year of release and duration of album. There is iMessenger, like BlackBerry messenger for iPhones, as well as Facetime which allows you to make video calls.My two gripes are poor battery life (barely half a day if you browse a bit), and the fact that it requires a micro SIM, meaning you have to snip away at your regular sized SIM if you must use it. Other than that, a fantastic experience.

We ordered two iphone 4s's for our daughters and they were delivered on time.  One had a problem updating, but the Apple store fixed it without incident.  I would highly recommend this company when purchasing an iphone product!!!

The signal is not as strong as samsung phone. I swiched from a samsung phone to this one, but seems having trouble to connect to mobil network from where I am living.

The USB cable was found to be defective when used the first time. The cost of a new item made shipping for return uneconomical. Disappointed. The phone itself is working well though.

I received this phone and test it today. The camera is not working properly, whenever I press the button to take a photo, the phone stop its response. I will automatically shut down after a while. I've tested it for several times and the same thing happens almost every time.I require immediately replacement or refund!! I'll be on travel by the end of this month!

Mi pedido fue desde Caracas - Venezuela.El tel&eacute;fono esta nuevo con todos sus accesorios y funciona perfectamente.Completamente recomendado.

Although the seller was very accommodating after notifying him that the phone was returned becuase the audio was defective (meaning it didn't work), I have yet to reeceive full reombursement from Amazon as the seller promised.  I am now out the phone and the money I paid for it.  I would appreciate receiving reimbursement at your earliest opportunity.  It amounts to almost $500.Regards,S. Kegerise

I was under the belief that this phone would be able to be activated with my verizon cellphone plan! It is only applicable with T-mobile. That was not stated in the desription when i first purchsed the phone.

I like the iphone 4S, used to have a blackberry torch, it is a new way of viewing smart phones



Great Product! The phone was just as it was described. Clean and very much like new. Works very well! Thanks!

I just bought it because I am used to Apple products (I had an i-phone 4 before), and i-phone 5 and 5S are so pricey and particularly, I think the 4, design wise  are better looking.I updated to iOS 7. It sucks. Not as user interface. It just drains your battery, i message stopped working. I've got the update from Apple. i message back to work.....but a couple days latter, stop working. Apple released another update. I needed to update again. Some apps are not working smoothly. The greedy people from Apple brag that 90 % of their devices run the latest OS. They do not mind if you phone it will start working slowly. Actually they are forcing you to buy the newest. They do not care about you.....they want your money

why would you pay this much? you can purchase the same phone right from apple for 549.00 right on their website

Great phone, my first iphone. I used to have blackberry but no way!! This is the best phone ever!! Great apps, very fast, friendly. No words! Just Great!

An unlocked GSM iPhone 4S is the gold standard if you're traveling; nothing compares. Build quality, usability, apps - everything just works like it's suppose to. You can spend less on a larger screen or more bells and whistles but Apple has it figured out to a science. A lot of hotels have iPhone docks so even charging it works great when on the road. On a recent trip to Zurich I stopped by Swisscom and inside of fifteen minutes I was on their 3G network and everything worked perfectly and it was costing me a few bucks to download unlimited data and use it like I would at home.

hello I want to know if the equipment is available in black or white color only comes in, also wanted to know if the equipment is used or new, and if you actually are unlocked for use in other countriesthanks

Muy bien tanto en los plazos de entrega como el producto,muy recomendable.Volver&iacute;a a comprar a este vendedor.Todo OK.Rapid&iacute;simo e impecable.

Seems to be that the box was opened to unlock, did not come completely sealed by a plastic wrap, it was sealed only with two round stickers, one in each side. the iPhone came with the battery completely without charge, then when turn on did not show the welcome screen or setup screen, seems to be it had previosly set up by the vendor.  Did not come the SIM eject toolNevertheless I inserted my micro Sim and activated the iPhone, now I'm using the iPhone perfectly

i dont like this phone very much,, but it was allright all the things we do. i never buy again some iphone!!

This is a new iphone i bought a few months back. Seller is amazing, i got my earlier set replaced as there was a problem with the accessories. they replaced the whole thing. new one Works fine except a screen light issue. I can live with it. Might be with my set. over all good.

The phone is absolutely perfect. I had never bought anything from Amazon before, so this was a risk for me and it turned out great. There is not a scratch on this phone and I would recommend buying to anyone.

I am very dissatisfied with the product received. The serial of the box does not match the serial device. The team is not active the Wii-Fi. I had to send it for repair here in Venezuela. It is assumed that I am buying a new iPhone, not worn or defective equipment. It is the first time something like this happens to me buying a product from Amazon. I'm disappointed.

For those who are looking for an iPhone 4S, do not buy it from this seller or off amazon. They are refurbished phones and you will be wasting your money. The apple store has iPhone 4S factory unlocked way cheaper than this crook. At least you know apple isn't going to give you a broken phone when they tell you that it's a brand new phone. Always go to the apple store if you wanna buy an apple device.

I cheated, I sent a toy cell, this store is a total fraud, I just want my money back .-

I bought this Iphone 4S as a NEW BRAND one (Sept29,2013), but I found out it was REFURBISHED. It stopped working (Feb 20,2014) five months after the purchase. Apple Customer Service told me that this Iphone was activated in 2012 and was fixed by a not authorized Apple Service. However, this Iphone was advertised as a NEW BRAND by Apple; the refurbished was less expensive. I don't recommend to buy Iphone through Amazon.com because you never know if it is a NEW BRAND or a REFURBISHED one.

I really don't understand why people lie to each other. This product was promoted as &#34;Used-Like new&#34; but it appears that the glass panel, battery and one important part have been replaced, which makes it refurbished, not &#34;Like new&#34;. It must have been dropped and badly damaged, they've told me from Service Department. Shortly, it doesn't work on 2G, because the 2G connections, some of which are at hard to reach place, are broken. Well, guys, I definitely do NOT recommend buying used products from Electronics. Users do not sell products, they are happy with, so go to NEW products. This is my 2nd used electronic product I bought through Amazon and I am deeply disappointed...

Very good phone and in very good condition. Value for money. Awesome phone. No problem faced till now.

I had this iphone 4s as a gift for my mother. She received it as a new black and unlocked. She has sent it for an apple store to insert her card. They told her that this phone had a box for a black one but it is while and it is used as it was blocked by a Bell Canada mobile company. Not to mention that my gift was a total fraud, my mother sent it for a communication company and she was informed that she has to pay an extra $150 to unlock it. Finally on November 26th at our thanksgiving party when she didn't have the iphone 4s. She told me the new the gift is not working. I was sad to have to go through all this. I paid $505 just to get useless phone. Now the buyer is playing games with me since NOv. 26 when I shared with the seller my concerns. I have sent the phone by USPS and the buyer refused to sign for it and rejected receiving it. Now I am trying still hoping that the buyer is busy or confused but she all the good intention. I used amazon many times. I trusted them so I still hope that I will have my money back. It is only the product is useless. I don't know how could I have prevented this of happening. The product is a stolen item or used one. How can you break the trust in online shopping. How can we trust this anymore???? I am heartbroken really

Where locations does this phone not ship too because It wont let me buy it cause it shows an error stating that it does not ship to my area. I would really like to purchase this phone if I could.

hey, just wanted to say thanks the 4s iphone is great , no problems works great would send my friends your way.

Phone came seal as expected, delivered in time.Works great

I would love to thank Best Mobile and Fulfilled by Amazon for this wonderful change to my order. I am so happy when I read the email about the size of memory I am getting. I am a big fan of buying my electronics on amazon. Thanks a lot.

The product was received, well packed, and was delivered sooner than expected.  The product was in excellent condition, and it performs as expected.  I purchased this as a gift for a friend, and she is very happy with it.  I recommend this product for anybody.

Excelent productIt's just what I ordered, the purchase came without drawbacks that date.I'm clicking this product and so far I have no problemsrecommend this storethe best product I have purchasedthanks, thanks

In spite of the fact I had paid for expeditionary post service on Wed 01/29/2014 (it was promised the item would be delivered not later than Friday 01/31/2014) the new  I-phone 4S came on Monday 02/03/2014 which is 3 days later.  The package was half open, I didn't activate the phone yet. I lost $30 for the prepaid card (I had to wait 3 more days) and $12 for expeditionary service. No apologies,nothing. Also, I didn't get the receipt that I own the phone!!!! it is outrageous!!! They promised that I could take Care plan within 30 days after the purchase but didn't bother to explain how to do that. I'm really thinking to quit Amazon for dealing with the companies like this.P/S I will update the information regarding the device itself as I didn't activate it yet. Hopefully it will be alright , otherwise I will sue the Amazon or the Tablet Distributes or both. And I must tell - I've been a customer of Amazon for years and was very satisfied until today

The IPhone I bought looks like it was stolen or used for the following reasons:The serial that appears on the box is different as the serial of the IPhone.When I tryed to activate the phone line the telephone company realized that the IMEI number that appeared in the box was reported as stolen, but the IMEI of the IPhone was different and was not reported as stolen.The protective coat of the IPhone was damaged and the box didn't come with the security cellophane cover (the box was open).The charger didn't work, I had to buy a new charger but the battery takes too long to be completely charged.I pay for expedite shipping and the deliver of the IPhone tooks more than two weeks.I could accept the failure of the charger and the deffects on the proctective coat of the phone if the phone were used, but the description says that it was &#34;brand new&#34;, but anyway the fact that it was used does not justify the fact that the serial of the box does not mach the phone serial and that the IMEI of the box was reported as stolen.

The phone is perfect, I'm from Venezuela and at first I thought it was not working but the truth was not properly configured. I knew this thanks to the seller who is a very kind and responsible, highly recommend it. Now the phone works perfectly and I like so muchThe phone works perfectly with movistar and movilnet here in Venezuela. Do not probe with digitel.

So I bought this phone about a week ago, and the phone I received was in excellent condition. No scratches, dents or dings. Also came with the box and all the accessories just as if I had bought from Apple. I bought it a year ago and I sold it few days ago. It was unlocked and I am not in USA, Colombia.

Looks good, works good, everything is fine.Recommend this phone to people who are tired of android lags and instability.

I can use this as an unlocked phone but upside button and back light was broken. I tried to mail them but no reply yet. It makes me mad actually.

This phone works as described and is a nice phone. Love all the features it has and I am satisfied with my purchase.

Great Product, it does EVERYTHING a phone should do,as simple as that.Great Fealing, Great desing, I can't bealive people still trust other phones insted of apple's.C'on be honest with you, you don't want an iphone copy you want a real one, stop buying imitations (android).

The iPhone is in good condition but is not new like they say. Is out of guaranty I hope don't have any problems in the future.

adicional of that, y doesnt bring de apple stickers, it is doesnt brand new, it dont hace the protective screen, and the charger and cables are not original..

Well, you know, iPhone have his own way to do things. The iOS is better. If you like that way you'll be satisfied.

Order off of apple's website. It is the same price and it will be unlocked. This is a hassle to deal with.

I had my fears towards buying cellphones over the internet, but this one came just as announce. Its an amazing product.

I got my iphone right on time, and it works perfectly. I highly recommend it! The only detail is that i would have appreciated to recieve my purchase in a box, at least. It was in a bag with its charger. I didn't feel it was safe. But other than that, im pleased.

One of the best smartphones in the market! very easy to use!  i have it for a year then i give it to my sister!

I bought 2 iphone 4s, one of them is used!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Iphone was covered by preservative film in the box instead of original plastic protector !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and mic doesn't work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what the heck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am just so mad right now!

Quisiera saber si el telefono es desbloqueado de fabrica y si se puede utilizar en venezuela sin necesidad de meter el GEVEY TURBO SIM

It's Okay! I was expecting User's Manual, Case, Adapter & Microphone. However, I've got only Adapter. I was not so happy.

buy an iphone 4s unlocked and I sent a phone locked, and Venezuela is almost impossible to unlock, I feel cheated and I demand response to do by the seller, without the key came without the instruction manuel still new equipment, careful when buying from this seller

I specifically bought this phone to be used i Africa but this phone is not working in Africa. It is locked so am planing to return it back to you please.

An iPhone is what I long for and now that I got it I am really loving it. It's really awesome.

This phone is not new! Two days after I bought it I got a mail saying that I'd get a 32GB one instead because of a special Christmas offer. However the phone I got was in no shape new. It was, in fact, a 32GB one, but the phone was rebuilt and a poorly job at that. It has loose parts and the has troubles with sounds within phone calls. NOT WHAT I PAID FOR!!

Arrived on time and as described.

This is exactly what I wanted and in orginal packaging. the phone arrived the next day and I was super impressed with product and service.

Very good product!, In Venezuela it works perfectly with Digitel, it took 3G when I put the SIM card on the slot, and it was delivered to me in great conditions

YES YOU MAKE A REFUND THE MONEY JUST TODAY, MORE THAN A MONTH LATER AND AFTER BEEN FIGHTING MY MONEY BACK.THE PROBLEM ISNT HOW I WANT MY MONEY BACK THE REAL PROBLEM IS THAT YOU NEVER SHIPPED THE PRODUCT AND YOU NEVER SHOW ANY PREOCCUPATION ABOUT IT.

this cell phone turn off my it self not a good one he trick me there for the price of $500.00 which I  have give to my girlfriend

Love the I-Phone. We bought an unlocked phone so it could be used with Straight Talk. It is expensive but when you look at the money saved on service it will for itself.

I JUST WANT TO KNOW IF THIS EQUIPMENT IS JUST BUY GSM NO ONE AND I realized it was CDMA AND HAD TO RETURN BECAUSE ACA IN VENEZUELA NOT USED CDMA.

It is the most sleek and durable phone I have ever had!! 10 on 10 - no question about it.

I am forced to retract my previous five-star review upon finding that the product is FRAUDULENT!THIS IS NOT A NEW PHONE AS ADVERTISED.  IT IS REFURBISHED.After a month, it started developing battery problems; upon taking it to an Apple store, we were shocked to find out the unit is not now, that the case had been improperly tampered with, and the battery was failing (and out of warranty).  Thankfully, Amazon has authorized return and refund after I contacted them about the fraud.DO NOT TRANSACT BUSINESS WITH THIS SELLER OR THIS ITEM.  THEY ARE FRAUDULENT!

My order was clearly and unmistakably for an NEW iPhone 4S. The product description showed "List Price $649.00", which is the same price Apple sells new ones. The Wireless Extra price:"$482.50, You Save $166.50"and:*  Factory Unlocked by Apple, Never Opened*  New In Shrink-Wrap and Original Packaging*  Includes 1 Year Limited Manufacturer's Warranty*  Ability to Add Apple Care Protection within 30 Days of PurchaseIt was clearly a used iPhone 4S in a scruffy box, not shrink-wrapped.I called Apple, provided the IMEI number. They said it had been sold in Nov. 2011 for use on AT&T.; Not eligible for Apple Care - no warranty at all!I called Wireless Extra and Will said I may have ordered the wrong item and if I was not satisfied to return it. If you order anything from Wireless Extra, check it out carefully. You may be getting a cheap used device, not a new device. They can make a lot of money selling to nave customers who don't know they are being scammed.

The advertising stated that this product is new and it comes with one year warranty and is eligible for Apple care within 30 days.  I was told by the Apple store that the warranty on this product had expired in May 12, 2012 and I couldn't purchase Apple care since it wasn't new.

Product wasn't new and had no warranty as described. Had a broken button. But the amazon return process was easy and had no hassles with that

The home key is loose, loose screen, does not affect the use. Not satisfied&#65292;The home key is loose, loose screen, does not affect the use. Not satisfied

I recently bought a new factory unlocked iphone 4s from this provider. They promised that it was brand new and unused however, when I tried to get an extended warranty through Apple they told me that the phone was actually registered to ANOTHER woman already. I told them the serial number on the phone and the one on the apple packaging that it came in and low and behold they did not match! The phone did arrive in apple packaging but it was not sealed and the protectors on the screen were damaged. I immediatly was suspicous of this because when Apple products arrive to the customer their packaging is immaculate and FULLY sealed with plastic. Therefore, I would NOT RECOMMEND purchasing from his company because they do not provide what they advertise and I would not have known if I had not tried to get an extended warranty from Apple. So BEWARE because you might think you are getting a deal when you purchase a brand new Iphone from this company but only to find out that it is actually a used or refurbished product!!!! I only had the phone for 2 hours before sending it right back to Amazon!

The iphone box was not plastic wrapped and it had a hand-written "A" on it. The phone itself was full of fingerprints and came with an empty battery (it's supposed to come charged). The outside brown shipping box it came in was totally opened on both ends, so we don't really know if it was an issue of the seller or the shipping agent... We know it wasn't a problem of someone opening the box after it was delivered at home because I was at home when the shipping truck arrived and opened the door just as they were leaving. We called Amazon and they solved the issue, they sent us a shipping label to return it for free and we got our money back.

No problems with the order, arrived quickly and everything was like described, I use the phone in venezuela and it works perfect.

Great price on this Iphone 4s.  It worked wonderfully and looked brand new!  I had no problems with getting it set up and working.  Was able to download apps at itunes.  Great new phone!!!!

very happy with this product. really like new, more than i was expecting. it came on time and the costumer service from e-marketplace was incredible. i think i did an exellent purchase.

It came without the key to Open and put the sim card, hopefully I had the No&eacute; my upad brought

I received a bl. refurbished phone in mint condition and checked it out w/ SIM card for use.  So far it appears to be a great deal.

Although I am just beginning to appreciate the mechanism of the 4S iphone, I have had the same product in the past and never encountered any problem whatsoever.As far as communications are concerned, messaging, texting, phoning, they are excellent and I am sure I will continue to enjoy it for a long time. If I have any problem I go directly to the offices of Apple and find a very courteous staff ready to assist with any problem.Would highly recommend it to my friends, although they all have one already.

IPhone which I'd received was defective and reboots by itself every 15 min .. I was not happy with this phone and had to return it.

I love apple products.. the only problem as usual...is the battery that does not last long enough to use all my applications, but the phone works smoothly!

Thanks for asking. The phone did performed well for what I wanted it to do. I do recommend this phone to people who constantly travel. It can easily connect to local carriers and perform exactly as it would in the U.S . Thanks for making it availableChester Williams

I is amazing I was thinking that how will it be but it is like a new phone from the apple but without box

The company K &  K, they discribed the product as new and unlocked. When I received my package this has a lot of labled, I remove one of the label and this was an used Iphone 4 instead of 4s and this Ipone does not recognised any sim chip of my island. I suspected that this company was very fishy that when I placed my order the next days their name does not appreared anymore where I ordered this Iphone. I will contact my CC company to make a complain.

This dealer sold me an I-phone that was prevoiusly used and returned faulty. It was then fixed and sold to me 3 days later.I only found out when it faulted on me and returned it to the Apple store. Their history showed the corruptnes of the dealer (with names of the seller and initial owner and all).When I confronted the dealer with the problem he denied it all and claimed I should have filed a complaint within 3 months of the sale! Of course the phone only broke down much later, so I could never have done that.I ended up paying Apple 199 Euro's for a new phone (which otherwise would have been a free service!).BAD show Sellstore 33! Pleae NEVER buy from this man !

I lost my previous phone so I ordered this one on Amazon. It's new and functional; I really like it.

I bought the Iphone 4S factory unlocked and I received an Iphone 4 locked.I want to know what is going on...I don't want my money back, I just want the product as I first ordered, and I did not receive that.Thanks for your cooperation.Felipe

TOTALMENTE LIBERADO , LO HE PROBADO CON MOVISTAR , DIGITEL Y AHORA CON MOVILENT AQUI EN VENEZUELA Y FUNCIONA NORMAL , MUY CONTENTO CON ESTE PRODUCTO Y EL VENDEDOR LO ENVIO MUY RAPIDO .

The phone was in perfect conditions! Unlocked and it works perfectly in Venezuela but i have to say that the cable and the headphones wasn't original.

Phone was clean and free of cosmetic scratches, worked great, was easy to setup with the carrier selected.  Required that the phone be unlocked and it was. Very happy with the decision to purchase and the vendor shipped it packaged safely and was received promptly .

el articulo (telefono) llego en perfecto estado y rapido recomiendo a este proveedor es confiable, seguro ademas llego segun las especificaciones que solicite

Actually the camera wasn't working. I had to open it to see which was the problem and it turned out to have a plastic between the camera and lens. The camera still was looking bloomy and I noticed that the lens had little scratches.

I received it in perfect conditions and factory unlocked, with the charger. I updated with IOS6 and still works unlocked, this was my fear after reading some reviews but luckily everything turned out great.

While a bit complicated to operate the first time...it does get easier in time..I managed to delete my address book several times by pushing the wrong button...then you learn...don`t push that button..

The phone arrived in perfect condition, Unlocked and in sealed box. works perfect and no issues at all. It's Nice

This phone shipped fast and arrived in a brand-new state, just as if I got it from the store, I have had it for a couple of months now and I haven't had a single problem with it. I love it! I would recommend anyone who wants a great quality, great looking phone from a to buy from this seller!

Great deal!

Great Purchase. In great conditions better as it was described. Factory unlocked as it was described. It's been more than 5 months now that I'm using and working 100% for half of the price. I'm very happy.

I purchased a iPhone 4 earlier in the month that was brand new, hermetically sealed from Apple by another company, and it did not work properly. There was a glitch in the retinal display - delay in closing the screen, and the phone did not ring when there was an incoming call. As do most people, I use it for my job where communication is key, so missing a call because my phone did not ring is not good.This iPhone works properly. It got here on time and so far I have no complaints.

It's excellent, as all Apple products. I love it.I'm wondering if I buy an I Pad next time.Loving Apple!

I had a little doubt that this product would come as promised, but it didn't disappoint. All I had to do was update the phone and it became unlocked. The product was sealed and is still new. I would most definitely recommend.

i saw dehiscence and indentation on that iphone just when i opened the box, it's like it has been crush by a car or something. but the function sees fine

llego el producto , excelente telefono, recomendado para todos aunque en espera de la baja de los precios del 5

I'm fully satisfied. Great product. Arrived on time , new and unlocked as described. This was a good deal. I would do it again.

So this review is more about the seller than the phone itself. Although the phone really is great and has tons of features any one could easily love. I definitely recommend getting it from Adams Computers. He was super amazing about responding to all of my questions as to how to get my GSM to work with it. He always responded within hours at the most, and his answers were always thorough and kind (unlike some techies who can be demeaning when they think a question is stupid). If I ever needed any other electronic I would definitely make sure to get it from him, just because of the wonderful customer service!

It was brand new and unlocked. Works perfectly fine! It was like buying from the official store, only much cheaper.

excellent the phone came fully factory unlocked only had to place him the simcard and voila, works perfectly love this iphone, openly recommend

Product was shipped really fast and was packaged very good. Although info stated perfect condition it still had some dings, bruises and stiff knobs. Was probably put down for some time. Ear speaker is very low could barely hear the callers. Overall very good condition.

This seller sold me an unlocked iPhone 4S. I tried to use it outside the US, but it was impossible. A check by the &#34;Genius Bar&#34; at the Apple store, revealed that this phone IS LOCKED to T-Mobil USA. I wasted $450!!

There was something highly suspicious about the seller writing to tell me 'he upgraded my purchase to a better version so make sure I give him a good review' which prompted me to go back and read the reviews.  Read too many negative reports regarding bum iphones sold over Amazon and after being burned once in another area regarding an unrelated item, I returned it thus avoiding a  costly headache down the line when nothing can be done to retrieve my money.  I next discovered that the exact same item could be purchased directly from the manufacturer for $25 less!!!  We purchased the unlocked iphone directly from Apple in a completely sealed box.  The box we received from the seller was not sealed the same way and the phone had smudged fingerprints on the filmy clear covering that protected it as if someone had fiddled with it, even though the box was sealed.  With too many flags raised for my comfort level it was a huge relief to just send it back.

I'm happy with my phone! It is in a great condition! I sold from Venezuela and right now I enjoy it

Prefect,I love it. The date I have received the iphone is earlier than that I thought. Unite now I haven't found any problem.

1/21/2012 were received by the goods Republic Sakha (Yakutia). I am very admired by the goods.Qualitative packing has amazed. Phone at the higher technological level. Thanks big for Ifone 4S.

I bought this product for my wifeis of very good quality as seen in the photo, its unlocked and works perfectthe touch screen works perfecthighly recommended

So far so good. This phone was sold to me by Amazon as a new phone but I found out from Apple that it is 2 1/2 years old, which means I have no warranty and can't buy insurance. I have concerns about it's longevity. Only time will tell, but right now, I do like it very much.

good job! AS they described it. So, they're OK! Trust them and don't doubt to do this! That's all. ok!

I received the product in excellent conditions and on time as expected.  It was a really good service. I recommend them!

The iPhone itself is a great phone. Everyone knows it's features and defects so I will not talk about that.The item arrived very quickly in it's original box, and with accesories. No scratches. I believe having a GSM quad-band unlocked phone like this is very useful for anyone since it works in almost every country in the world,

So i ordered the iphone on january 4th and by the 6th it had been shipped. After a few days, the tracking history by UPS was still the same, it said that a label had been created and that the package was ready for UPS, but yet no other info. I waited for another few days and it remained the same. I was a little stressed out because i am from another country and i was sending to a friend that was vacationing in the US, so time was a big deal. I emailed the seller on several occasions asking where my stuff was but got what i suppose was an automatic response that said that the item had been shipped and to verify my send to address. Still no info on the iphone. So later i decided to call them and they figured out that the package was sent but apparentaly it got lost sometime between the pick up and the registry at the UPS facility, so they asked me if i wanted a refund or if i wanted it sent again, i chose to have it sent again. That same day i had a new tracking number and they sent it with UPS within two business days, i called on the 16th and UPS had their first delivery attempt on friday the 18th, although no one answered but still got it on monday just in time so my friend could bring it on tuesday.The iphone came in perfect conditions and it was the model MD234LL/4 which is the black unlocked version for retail in the US. I was a little concerned it wouldn't work because of some reviews i red but the day i got it, i went to the cellphone company and it has been working perfectly. And why not buy it directly from the apple store and save around $50? Well, they don't take credit cards from certain countries, including Venezuela.Overall, I highly reccomend this seller, well they were very attentive and did their best. The product was the unlocked version just as i orderedit.

THE IPHONE HAS SOME SCRATCHES ON THE BACK, I DO NOT WHY, PUBLICATION SAID BRAND NEW FACTORY, I HOPE FEEDBACK

Phone showed up early was in Great shape will buy from them again.. was very happy and excited to have my new phone.. it was what they said it was.. Great shape..Thanks

Phone did not work (microphone was not operational). The phone was advertised and sold as &#34;new in box&#34; but when we took it to the Apple store to hopefully fix the problem with the phone, we were told that it was years old, out of warranty and had been previously registered to another user. We were given a full refund but were very inconvenienced by this purchase (including the money it cost us to return the defective phone).  Very disappointed

...speechless...well not really...i thought it's over-rated but it actually has it's moments...personally...slick, cool, it's like a statement, i guess...i mean it's an iphone, for crying out loud!

Excellent product, I get asked time and is unlocked, but did not bring me to open the part where the SIM card goes.
