
Samsung A927 Flight Ii Touch-screen Qwerty Slider Cell Phone for At&t. Samsung A927 Flight Ii Touch-screen Qwerty Slider Cell Phone for At&t

I like the phone.I think it is just what I wanted. It works very well. I am satisfied. Good bye.

Thought I was the only one having this problem. Every once in a while this phone would make calls without me even touching it. It's that sensitive, and that frustrating. I found it a little embarrassing when that would happen to be honest. And the chargers I've gotten for this phone suck.  Those Just Wireless Sku 04204 chargers suck! I've never hated a charger so much. They've even broken without anyone touching them. But, once I got a charger out of the Samsung a157 package and used it on this phone, it worked like a charm! That charger gave this phone longer battery life and that last year that I had this phone it never made a phone without my knowledge again!

I'm older & already had this phone but got it wet so instead of buying a different phone to get used to, I found the exact replacement. No getting used to something different. I'm happy with it. It is a little more sensitive than my original but other than that I'm happy.

Kids, eh, what do you do? It was far more expensive to fix the screen so I bought this. It is the same phone he had, but since most of us don't have a home phone any longer, he needs one. And not a smart phone. It was in excellent condition and Totally worth the price.

It just is.  Touchscreen sucks.  It does a good job of playing music and the benefit of a 3.5mm jack but that doesn't save it from being an abysmal experience.  Like other reviewers have stated: buttons on the side create a dysfunctional experience, it doesn't fit the hand right, mine has a terrible battery life.  Not sure why.  Turned it to airplane mode and was still getting less than 48hrs standby.  But even if it did have a longer battery life, I still can't warrant purchasing the phone.  The keyboard, you'd think, would be the saving grace BUT the keyboard feels like crap, it's tough sometimes to shift the phone into keyboard mode and there's just...........  It's bad.  If you're looking for a cheap touchscreen phone, go elsewhere.  This phone is not worth the money because you'll be getting a new one pretty quick.

Don't like the &#34;favorites&#34; phone selection.Don't like the text options - sent and recieved texts not on same page.Battery life seems very poor.Very &#34;touchy&#34; screens.

When i get ready to check my messages are voicemail the phone shouts off on me. So what should I do

This phone is not exactly user friendly.  I wish I hadn't bought it but I will keep on using it for now. My prior Samsung Flight phones were all awesome.  This one isn't.

I love my phone! It was easy to use and durable! The keys are big enough to see and type on, the face is big enough to see my apps clearly.

This phone is perfect for me. The only problem is sometimes a blank message is sent when I start to reply to a text.

Phone is not working properly it freezes wont ring constantly need to remove battery. And im stuck to pay so not fair to me nor my disabled mother

This was a replacement phone for my original one I got wet.  I like this one as much as the first one.  One odd quirk about it, the speaker sometimes comes on at the start of a call??  This happened on my first one also.  I wait until the call connects, then &#34;slide&#34; the speaker &#34;off&#34; on the touch screen.  Still haven't figured out why it comes on in the first place.

I just bought this to replace a phone that I broke. It serves its function, I'm just disappointed in the phone as a whole. In the world of Android, this seems very antiquated

I got this phone for my son to use, it is easy to use, seems to be durable, and the txting features are very easy to use as well. I would use this phone myself, I would recommend this phone to anyone to use, good phone for the price!

This was a replacement to the one I had because I dropped and cracked the screen.  I like this phone and would buy it again.

For the price paid for this little phone it's fine. I prefer the Qwerty keyboard phones over the virtual keyboards and don't need all the smart phone apps out there & this phone is just a bit smaller than what I would've preferred. Had all components, packaged well, arrived on time, and works just fine for my needs. I actually like the fact that it fits into my purse's phone pocket compared to some of the other newer smart phones and this is great for when I travel. Battery charge lasts a lot longer than my other smart phones as well which I like. Sound quality is good. I haven't used the camera yet however.

I was really excited to get this phone for my dad everything was nice and new and I sent it to himTurns out you cant put a micro sd card in it because one of the gold prongs are broken off very disappointed because it is now in another statecand I cant return it

The phone is great and like new.  I really like it and it is exactly what I wanted.Thank you

It is a very nice phone, but since after about one week, it freezes up quite a few times a week when I touch something.  And sometimes when I try to answer a phone call, it won't let me.  Other than that, though, I like it.

All the text you get are in order of time and not by sender. You can't see a text conversation so it's difficult to know. I'm using this phone but I do not like it. The touch screen is a drag. The texting options suck. I will be happy when I drop it into the fish tank by mistake.

I probably should have written this sooner, but anyway when I got it I was super happy because I needed a new phone.But when i tried charging it, the thing wouldnt charge properly andwould repeatedly start up, turn off, then repeat! The only useful thing about this phone was the battery that i took from it and put in my old phone- the problem with my older phone was that i dropped it in a puddle and the battery said it was over heating when i charged it after the incident. If you have that same problem DONT BUY ANOTHER PHONE JUST GO BUY A BATTERY FOR 20 DOLLARS NOT 60 DOLLARS FOR A SHIT PHONE LIKE THIS! plus the charger that came with it doesnt even work on my old phone! this is the worst buy of my life!

Phone had too many problems, cut off, lost data, was a mess I don't recommend this phone for anyone. Wish I could get my money back for this purchase. urghhhhhhhhhhhhhhSunshine

In a few words, it was a waste of time!!!!!! I received an old school flip phone. I sent it back immediately. Would not recommend purchasing from them again.

Inconvenient, ugly, slow, and practically useless. It's nice for about a week. I've had this phone for a long time, and just recently, it deleted all my memory. My pictures, videos, everything. I don't know where they all went. Along with that, it is so slow to respond and the only thing i can do with it is pretty much text and call, unless you count taking low quality pics, playing demo games, and using the timer, etc. Also the audio on videos is terrible! It sounds like static. It's also very prone to slipping, especially out of pockets. All the cases I've tried on this phone are bad as well and fall off easily. Overall a pretty crummy phone, unless you don't text or call people much and don't like to take pictures.

Got this for the AC adapter and Battery which were in good condition.  This being unlocked I could use in the future if the regular phone becomes lost.

I got this phone because I traded another at&t because of the battery life, that was bad because this has the same problem. It has the widget on the main screen and you cant get rid of it, its always there and it will just put things on the main screen that you dont want. The lock doesnt work I am a nanny and I need a good lock because the kids will take my phone.

Awesome, like brand new. Loved it. Still works great, no problems yet. Don't think the service could be any better.

This phone is anything BUT USER FRIENDLY!! It is hard to move between text and phone. It comes with NO user instruction book, ONLY a cd, which if your not at your 'puter means no instruction. EVEN WORSE IS THE POWER CONNECTION!! IT SAYS IT IS A MICRO USB&lt; which i ordered from Amazon,  Itried 6 Different brand USB/Micro usb plugs AND NONE FIT THIS PHONE,  ABSOLUTE JUNG&lt; I WOULD NEVER GER ANOTHER SAMSUNG PRODUCT!!!

Had this phone for one year as I worked as a Case Manager - durable - great for texting - good battery life. Never had to charge it until work day over. Slider works great for texting. I have arthritis and it was much easier to use than touch screens.

Phone was exactly as described.  It was new and in the box.  This was a replacement for the same phone, which I had broken.  Very fast, easy transaction!

i always buy my phones on the internet and this is my favorite yet. great battery life, no glitches or malfunctions. if you can't afford a smart phone, the flight is a reliable alternative. the full keyboard is great too

Bought this phone to replace the samsung flight 2 that I had for over 2 yrs. After 2 yrs of very heavy use, a few keys were sticking. A little sluggish on the net but if you don't want to pay for a smart phone, this is a good choice. No flash for inside pics, but outside pics do well for a 2 megapixal. Great choice for the price.

Touch screen response is sluggish, sometimes will stop working entirely until you slide it open and shut a few times. Low battery life. Constantly places icons onto your workplace that you don't want there.  Lately it's started randomly powering off about 10 times a day.  Changing the battery didn't help.  Happens a lot when I'm just finishing a text message but before I send it.  Avoid this phone.  I liked a phone I had 10 years ago better than this one.

The delivery was prompt, but the back case of the phone was from a different phone entirely and didn't fit.  Luckily, I still had my old phone that I had let my grandkids play with, and was able to use the back case of it. Also, the battery that came with the phone must have been used, because it won't hold a charge for more than a half a day.  I have to carry a charger around with me at all times.

I got this phone free for signing another 2yr. contract and it drops calls and keeps disconnecting and you can't touch anything cause you'll activate something else. it gos crazy. I'v complained numerous times to AT&T and I asked for a simple phone with no touch screen and they will not do it.  I'm stuck with this.  Do not buy it.

The Samsung SGH-A927 has been one of the most frustrating "high tech" pieces of equipment that I'm NOT proud to say I own.  I REALLY should have looked more closely at the reviews - the major issue is the slider keyboard - I constantly have to edit whatever messages I send; invariably I have several mistypes - it is easy to do with the very small keyboard.It locks up pretty quickly.I rarely try to answer the phone without it hanging up because of all the buttons on the side - when I reach inside my pocket for the phone, I accidentally hit one of the wrong buttons and end up hanging up on the person who is calling; then I hope those people will leave a voice message; this happens at least 80% of the time.  Very aggravating!!

just what I thought it was going to be. very pleased with product would recommend it to anyone that needs a quick fix phone.

better then expected

I have had this phone for 22 months and just replaced the battery.  It is possible that the battery had a shorter life because I forget to charge the battery and almost always charged from a dead charge.  I am not a big cell phone user and wanted something that would make sending text messages easier.  This phone filled the bill.  Slider keyboard is the best feature of this phone because it is set up like a regular keyboard.Didn't set up a lot of the feature like voice commands, etc so can't comment on how well these features work.Cons:  Small field on the touch screen makes it hard to accept incoming calls, generally need to call the incoming caller back. I don't get a lot of incoming call so really just an annoyance for me.Nice phone if you don't want all the bells and whistles.

Looking for a phone that doesn't require an expensive data plan was a challenge. Every phone I looked at had some flaws that made it undesirable. From reading the other reviews, this phone actually exceeded my expectations, although there are a few minor flaws that I can deal with.Mostly, this phone just took a little getting used to. At first I had difficulty sliding out the keypad, which was very frusterating. Over time, the slide-out keypad became &#34;worn in&#34; and now it's a breeze. The keyboard itself is great. The touchscreen is not great. The thing that bugs me most: There are three panels to organize your &#34;widgets,&#34; which is nice, but they easily become scrambled and sometimes disappear. I cannot keep my screen organized. Perhaps I need to wait longer before putting my phone in my pocket, but who wants to do that?Otherwise, it's exactly what I was looking for: A phone that also works as an MP3 player. It has an audio jack and the media player is simple and easy to use.

Fast, great service!  Grandson crushed his phone by sitting on it in a video chair at grandma's so naturally grandma came to resque so he wouldn't get into too much trouble by replacing it!  He says he will be more careful this time!

The ring volume isn't loud enough so I can't hear the phone unless I'm in the same room. The battery keeps dying, so I have to remove the battery, put it back in and then recharge it. My daughter has the same phone and has the same battery issue.

a reasonable price for a new slider phone.  my son has been using it with no issues so far.  get one

I get about 1 mb speed on the internet most of the time. One problem I had was that this cell phone reboots when you are logging in on fb on the app

So far it meets all my expectations.  Although it is a little smaller than my Samsung Eternity, having the slide out keyboard makes it actually easier to text. I'm not much of a texter but with this one I can at least send a coherent answer.

Although the phone is setup like I would like a phone to be it frequently shuts itself off when overworked, is limited by its software and is an overall disappointment.  Not worth the price.

Yes, it replace the original one that was damaged.it works perfectly. i enjoy the size of the keybord for my fingers

I bought this phone exactly three months ago and it has quit working!  It no longer charges or comes on...how ridiculous and a waste of money!

Very easy to use, never any problems this is my third fight!!!! I like the functions and graphics as well

this phone does not have wireless capability I cant get email  cant receive pitcure text  i cant get gps to work

Horrible phone, constantly drops calls, battery goes down fast, touch screen is not user friendly, and on and on.  I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone, I can't wait to replace it with anything.  I'd honestly take a flip phone over this one!

Meet needs as just a more efficient phone but with same capabilities as the old phone did that was losing its battery life

Whatever phone for when Im at work where internet phones are not allowed. I cant tell what I do for work but it is scientific

I chose this phone to replace the one that I have cause I like the slider.Nothing wrong with it and I would recommend it to anyone!!

I have owned this model phone for 3 years, and recently mine has begun functioning more slowly and losing battery charge quickly (&#60;24 hrs with very little use). I first replaced the battery and when that did not fix the problem decided it was time for a new phone (I have dropped this phone MANY times, so I'm not surprised it's time for a new one). I actually tried a different model first, which made me realize how much I like this model! It's easy to navigate and one of the best features (IMO) is the slide-out keyboard. It's not too small to use, which is one issue I've had w/ other basic phones. If your needs for a phone are just talking and texting, this phone should work well for you. It does have other features, such a music player, that I use infrequently but that seem to work well.

The phone would vibrate but no ring. I checked everything to make sure that it wasn't set to silent and the volume was turned up

Pros:Keyboard is niceCheapBasics includedCons:Terrible UIAwful home screen where appsmove around without you doing anythingNo home buttonGames are bad (Tetris is ok, but oregon trail lasts for 30 seconds)Data plan needed for everythingThis is my first phone, but it could be better. It has the basics, and if you text more than talk then this is for you.

I got this phone with my upgrade last year. Mine friend and I are on the same family plan, and got our phones around the same time. She got an HTC that stopped working within a week. Now i've had this phone for almost a year and up till now its been the best phone I've had. I normally get a new phone every 5-6 months, I'm not very gentle. Im a heavy texter, and clumsy so i drop it a lot. Its lasted me through all of it. The reason for only 4 stars is the past week or so its been messing up. My touch goes in and out, and my buttons stop working. Have to shut it off every 10-20 minutes. Overall great phone, highly recommend it. !

Good value without having to renew contract with carrier.  Great replacement phone for the non-smartphone customer. Came with battery and looked like new.

I've used cell phones since 1993 and this is the most aggravating, inconvenient and unreliable cell phone I've ever had the pain of using.  The frame is surrounded bu buttons you'll be touching that activates functions you don't want to use while simply dialing or plugging the unit in t it's charger. When dialing a number it automatically locks after sending the number so you have to push several buttons to get a keyboard back to push an extension number. The screen is not visible in daylight and disconnections are constant. The disconnections are not AT & T - other phones I have do not have the perpetual disconnection problem. Unless you want to find yourself shooting up a post office within a week, avoid this hardware at all costs. I'm stuck with it for a couple years as the result of a "contract."  Save yourself the aggravation.
