
Ordered as replacement.  When it arrived, people I called stated I sounded like I was whispering or that I was in a wind tunnel.  Will not allow a replacement so I have to send back for refund (which I'm sure will not include the express shipping) and then order another.  I paid the &#34;new&#34; versus the &#34;used&#34; or &#34;refurbished&#34; price so I can only assume it is a defective &#34;new&#34; phone.  Anything else would be less than what I paid for ... we'll see.Not ready to &#34;upgrade&#34; to a touchscreen which I hate.  Honestly, if someone would only make a reliable keypad phone with the newest technology (so dropped calls, shutting down, etc are not problems like with the older phones) and giving people a CHOICE FROM TOUCHSCREEN, they would get plenty of business from those of us who have to go through this process in order to find a working keypad phone!

As a self-employed, work-at-home mom, and student, I did not feel that I needed to have the latest and greatest in technology. I simply wanted to be able to make and receive calls, text, and be able to occasionally access the internet and/or gps. I can do all of that. I have had the phone for almost exactly two years now. It is still just as reliable as it was from day one. The only issue that I have ever had is that about once a week it turns itself off for no obvious reason. I am so used to it that I just check it periodically. It never really is a concern, but certainly worth mentioning. I also like the couple of cute games it has. It has been a life saver when in the waiting room for doctors or dentist appointments or in the ER (I have kids, it seems like we're always at one of these).  The keyboard rocks. There are MANY alarms and calendar reminder options. It does everything I need. I would like to have a smartphone, but definitely do not need it. I highly recommend this phone if you're looking for something more than basic, but not looking for a data plan.

I brought this for my wife because she wanted to start texting more. Problem with this phone is the keyboard was too small for her to use so I returned it. Return it was not a problem. The company gave a prompt refund without a hassle. I did like this aspect.

I bought this phone about five months ago. I got this phone because it was a simple unlocked phone, but I had it for about a month or two and it started having issues. It would randomly turn off and the battery would die in a few hours. I bought a new battery for it hoping that would help, but it didn't do anything. About two weeks ago it turned off and wouldn't turn back on. If I wanted to turn it back on, I would have to plug it into a computer. I would definitely not recommend buying this phone because it is not worth the money.

Product is great, seller..not so much...advertised as a new phone, was used. It was a much anticipated birthday gift for a teenage boy, when he opened and went to AT & T to set it up, old text messages were on the phone, and a small,( I do mean small )scratch was on the screen. If you advertise as new...it should be new, not gently used!

good

this phone is not a true att phone, there for the internet will not work and you can not access your phone book and download it or update it ..

The cellphone shuts off ever too often, and takes a long time for contacts and the messages to &#34;initialize &#34;. This phone is for anyone who has a patience with getting their contacts and messages to be loaded.

We like our phones, but about a month after we got them, my husbands phone &#34;broke&#34; and he can only communicate thru speaker begin on so everyone can hear his conversations.  Not fun!  Plus at certain times, the phones just shut off!  For no reason whatsoever!  Otherwise, they are ok

This phone, while user friendly, is an absolute nuisance! It works just fine until you go to send a text message, or make a phone call and it randomly decides to SHUT OFF. In fact, it often just shuts off for the sake of shutting off. On a daily basis I look down to check my phone and discover that it has turned itself off, and I have missed phone calls or messages, also, I frequently have to check my outbox to make sure that all my messages have sent, usually I have failed out-going texts thanks to this unreliable phone. Forget about using this phone as your alarm clock, too! This insidious product will, free of charge, shut off while you're sleeping, and you won't know it until you're running late the next day.I have a friend who also has this phone and runs into these same problems as well, so I can confidently say that it is not just my phone, it's the model altogether. Can't wait for an upgrade so that I can escape this nightmare. Note that I have had this phone for over a year now, and the shut off's have become more and more frequent.

this was a purchase for my girl friend , who seems to not be able to keep her phone out of water.She uses it a good bit for texting, so the slide out key board works greatit was shipped quick and packed well

This phone was purchased to replace the exact same model that went through the wash. Had to be returned because it was not able to send/receive pictures or group text messages with AT&T plan.

Best phone out there that isn't a smartphone!  Talking is easy, texting is easy, and it's pretty much indestructible.  Plus the battery lasts for days!

This is a solid little slider, good user interface for a non-smartphone and excellent call and build quality. Unfortunately I'm returning the phone as it's SIM locked to Canadian carrier Telus Mobile, not AT&T; (from some sellers, not necessarily all). You can use the phone with an AT&T; SIM but not the mobile browser and other features, plus AT&T; won't recognize this as a non-smartphone on a Mobile Share data plan, so it'll set you back an extra $10 per month.If you can get one registered on the AT&T; network then it seems like a pretty decent slider.

The phone slides opens very easily, keys are solid and is quality built (no loose or jiggly parts).  The software/programs are user-friendly and they operate quite well for it not being a smartphone.  It's a great phone especially when a smartphone with the extra data charge isn't needed nor wanted.  I ordered this phone because I wanted to have a spare one on hand, just in case my first phone fails to operate..

the full keyboard is great for textting,but it is not a phone for the web, the screen is too small.my wife is happy.

The phones are not working properly on our companies wireless network because they are from a canadian wireless phone company.  I thought I was ordering an unlocked phone that could be used on any wireless network but I was wrong.

Got this phone for my 14 yr old son. He loves it! Works great and less than $50 on Amazon - cancel that Phone Insurance plan with the $50 deductible and all the paperwork nightmare, and order this when you need a replacement after your son leave the phone in his pocket and it goes through the washer!

i thought it was ready for att service after taking it to a few stores with no sucess i had a 14 yr old friend of my son

to unlock the sims card to accept other information to use the internet you must have a code.the code number is part of your phone number,So far as of this date this could not be achieved on either of the two phones.

I cant get it to work with T Mobile Sims card.  It work for a short time and start looking for  Sim Card.  Called T mobile for help...

I've seen a couple of complaints here and there from other users about the phone glitching, freezing, and then restarting. I thought it was only their models, but unfortunately it happens quite frequently to my phone as well. Other than that, the phone is not bad. Would give it a 4 star if it weren't for the occasional glitch.

I live in Michigan and bought this phone for my wife's birthday. When we received it, it was fine, but the browser was unusable. We took it to the AT&T store to see if it could be reprogrammed, but we were told that the phone would only work in Europe. I searched very carefully, and this was the phone that Amazon came up with. Really??

The phone is great all except it shuts down when there is little to no signal. I assume it is some sort of energy saving feature but I have no idea how to disable it, if possible. This issue of it shutting down and you not knowing hte phone is off is the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5.

I read the reviews on amazon about the phone not working completely or some of its features like texting were disabled, but I didn't head the warning.  It's described as an AT&T phone, and when I activated it with them, they said it was recognized as such.  Then my text messages weren't being sent, I couldn't open others, some of my calls werent going through, and I spent over an hour with text support to finally learn that it's not a true AT&T phone.  They recognize the model but not the make apparently, and the phones serial number shows up as an unknown phone in their system, making some of its features not work. Trust me, I don't get it either.  The good thing though is that Amazon processed my refund very quickly once I sent it back

The worst cellphone I ever have it . First of all it is not like you see in amazon picture as Samsung  whit ATT on it and I had problem since first week ,starting shut off by itself at list 2-3 time a day ,It is really garbage.I'm not recommend  to buy this item ever.

This phone does everything I wanted to do and does it with ease. The slide out QWERTY keyboard has buttons big enough to actually type on (albeit with your thumbs) which makes all my friends with Blackberries jealous. So if you're a competent typist, you can type without really looking at the keys as you would on a proper keyboard. You can also change the size of the  text on your texts as you read and write them with one touch, something anyone who needs reading glasses will find invaluable.The camera is basic but good enough that I used the framed pictures as gifts.I use the web browser for basics like finding directions or addresses; if I wanted to do a detailed search on the mating habits of squirrels, I use a computer, not my phone. But that's just me...I'm sure there are others who give their phones a more strenuous workout. In that same vein, this might not be the best phone for gamers or people who want the newest apps, you'll need a "smart" phone for that. But for anyone who wants a phone, likes to text, enjoys sharing photos, and needs your basic web browser in a pinch, this is an excellent phone.  And let's face it, do you really want to spend a couple hundred dollars on a PHONE?

I like my new cell phone & will recommend it to others. The improvement from my old phone is appreciated.

I cannot send or receive pictures with it.  I have AT&T.  Thought it was unlocked.  Other than that it is ok.

Looks good and works great. I like the qwerty keyboard feature. Great for textingHas all the features we normally use

It is not a AT@T phone after two days and numerous hrs. The phone does Call and Receive Calls, Its does Text and Receive Text but it will not Sent pictures or Receive pictures... After 2 days working with AT@T support and Samsung Support. It is their conclusion that it is NOT a AT@T PHONE. It does not have AT@T printed on the face of Phone..... It has Samsung Printed on the face of phone........even the picture of the phone you sent me in this e-mail has AT@t printed on it

Nice phone for the money ...especially if you text...much better than a flip phone. My son damaged his first phone so we were simply replacing a previous phone.

I bought this model of phone based on a friend's recommendation, however, I found that has a defect which causes it to periodically restart or turn off.  If I am sending a text message when this happens, it will not send the message.  I did  little research, and came to the conclusion that this problem was fairly common with this model of phone, though.  I was unable to get it returned because I waited too long (30 day seller warranty was up).  The seller (Quality Used Phones was great; he delivered the phone early, and responded promptly to all of my messages (within minutes, actually; I was VERY impressed), so I wold recommend Quality Used Phones to other buyers as well.  However, I would be slower to recommend a Samsung Evergreen A667.It works fine overall but will:1.  Periodically restart or turn off.2.  Give me an error message when someone sends me a group text (I can't actually receive the message).

though he wasn't looking to replace his flip phone, i bought this for my dad as a christmas present because it has the qwerty keyboard.  the buttons are a little bit too small for his man hands, but he gets by with that and likes it a lot.  really good phone for those who don't want a smart phone.

This is a replacement phone for my kid.  It is in new condition works great and an awesome price. Everything on the phone works perfectly.

It is a nice phone, the keyboard it a little small, but will will work okay. Other than that, it seems to be okay.

Its a Canadian based phone, Telus service.  This is the phone I originally wanted from AT&T; but they no longer carry it.Since Canada is just across the river from me, I did not want to see extra charges on my bill.

Product arrived on time.  It was packaged cheaply in thin bubble wrap. It works reasonably well, except the volume is weak for some reason.

net work provider is some goofy unknown woo-doo .com. anrdroid app dont download to phone. advertised to be an att phone but it is not. dont recommend

good phone dont get me wrong great battery life easy to use great for texting just few little things you cant change that are annoying at first but you get use to it.

This phone is good for a virgin phone owner, but for people who are use to iOS devices don't get it. It's just to cheaply made, it freezes and just over all has a lot of problems

It s MUCH smaller than it appeared to be.The key-board is extremely difficult to use.I should have waited 55 days for a free up-date, but I wasin a hurry to have a phone with a keyboard.  So thereforeI have lost the amount that I paid for this little phone.My own fault.

this phone automatically connects to internet for everything, so be careful or you will end up with overage charges .,

i just got the phone today,and i bought it for my mum so she will definitly love it with the clear keyboard and lights.so i tried my simple mobile sim card in it and it worked. the only flaw is that the browser dont work at all. i dont know if it is only AT&T internet that works on it. i will keep it for a few more days to see if it could work.

As with any purchase of this type, it will take time to totally get accustom to all of its idiosyncrasies. I like the slide out QWERTY keyboard for doing messaging and any text entering. It has a weird set of ring tones (IMHO) but I am able to use the ringtones off my memory card which came from my old AT&T; cell phone.If nothing else, so far this phone doesn't seem to be too smart or smarter than myself. It seems to have better reception than my older Pantech Breeze III which makes the use more to my liking. The speaker seems like it could be a bit better and it seems to crackle more than I am used to. Maybe it will get better as I play around with the volumn.One thing I did find irritating was the Shortcuts/navigation button. Evertime I pulled the phone of of the belt case it was as though I had pushed the upper navigation button. I was able to get around that by setting the button to &#34;None&#34; and now it is fine. I don't as a normal practice used the navigation buttons for shortcut purposes any, never did and don't ever expect doing that. ;-)This phone comes from the AT&T; affiliate Telus. It works just fine with the AT&T; network. The one thing I like is this AT&T; cell phone doesn't go to the browser mode when you hit the OK button in dormant mode. No more using up minutes when accidentally hitting the OK button.For those who want more options, there are plenty of them. Games, music, Internet browsing, etc. For me, this is just a little more than a basic cell phone. Oh yes, it works just fine with my Microsoft SYNC on my Ford Fusion and my Ford Focus. It is approved by Ford to be compatible with their MS SYNC. That was one major consideration in buying this phone.

I had this phone for a long time and it worked well except it would not send pictures. I took it into T-Mobile and the guy helping me could find no reason why it wouldn't be able to. he even messed with the settings but I never was able to send pictures to other people with this phone or send them to my e-mail which is the only way I know how to get them off my phone and permanently saved. it was very disappointing

I went through two of these phones. Not because I am rough with them, but because no one could figure out why it was such a problem child.I called AT&T; at least once a week for about three months. They exchanged my phone for a replacement. Functionally it's no good either. There's no 3.5" headset port. The only way to listen to stereo is buy a Bluetooth stereo headset or a proprietary Samsung brand wired headset that plugged into the USB port. I found one here on Amazon b/c even AT&T; didn't have one. You couldn't even charge your phone and listen to music or take a call from the headset at the same time. Then it started shutting off randomly on it's own. Three hours went by one time while I was waiting on a call. So Samsung fessed up it was a firmware error and had me send the phone down to their HQ's for a new firmware install. Luckily I still had my trusty Motorola Karma to use. Two weeks later it arrives back without being repaired. AT&T; said pick out another phone and didn't even want the Evergreen back. I gave it to a neighbor kid.

5 stars because it is almost exactly what I want.  I've had it for two or three weeks. The slide out keyboard  and no touch screen were my main requirements.I keep information in the memo app(which allows enough chars to make  complete phrases) on the phone and I can protect it with a pin code.  I'm old school, I don't use a data plan or internet or email or text.  I have computers for that. So I can't speak to these functions. I make calls, I get calls, I have phone numbers on it and can assign a few to shortcuts, I can set alarms, appointments or other important info on the calendar and tell what time and day it is.  I don't use games or even voice mail.  If you are a youngster (people younger than 40) you may not appreciate this phone.The phone has no touch screen to hate. The ringtone can actually be set to sound like a real telephone ringing.  Sound is good, I have my music on the SD chip.  The music player works well and is convenient to operate.  Bluetooth will hook up to my wife's Bose soundlink mini (awesome sound) and I use it on the treadmill.  When I  run outside, the music sounds good on the phone's speaker or I put it to a Bluetooth earpiece.  Music will come over a regular Bluetooth earpiece or car Bluetooth speaker.I have found no problems with the operation or reception.  Price was reasonable.  I definitely would recommend it if you just want a good phone and organizer with a music player and bluetooth that works well.

I like the slider for texting and that the keys are not too tiny for me to use comfortably.  The phone is small enough to fit in my pocket and the screen is larger than on my prior phone.  I miss the "clamshell" prior phone because it protected its screen, but I bought screen protectors and have to lock the keyboard to carry the "slider" phone in my pocket.  Fun phone and much easier to text than the "clamshell"!UPDATE:  After a month of use, I have noticed the reception sometimes goes away at night and the screen keeps "searching" for the signal hours, sometimes until mid morning the next day! Otherwise I liked this phone.  Have now switched back to a Motorola Tundra for a stronger signal, minus the easier texting. Evergreen was good though, if not for poor reception!  Both the Motorola Razor and Motorola Tundra have had a very strong signal at the same time the Evergreen would have little or none!  I gave up on Evergreen.

i have had no problems with the phone. its a great phone and hasnt broke yet. i love it yea
