
My wife and I previously owned two phones that were about 10 and 15 years old respectively.  We both purchased this phone as TracFones and could not be more pleased.It's amazing how much improvements there has been in cell phones in the past 10-15 years.  The phones are much smaller and have features like internet access that werenot even dreamed of on our last pair of phones.Our phone is a smart phone (though not the latest and smartest) that has internet access capability (which we don't currently use but it's there if we need it). Our land linephone is our main phone and we use this phone only occasionally but it's convenient to have for emergencies etc.  As a TracFone, this phone gets triple minutes for life.So if we pay for one minute we get three. Not ALL TracFone phones  triple minutes, but this one does.  We would recommend this phone with ANY cell phone provider, butparticularly as a TracFone if you use cell phone minutes sparingly as we do.  If you use your phone more than a few minutes a month, we would still recommendthis phone but possibly consider other service providers than tracfone.  This phone is NOT state of the art.  It does not include applications like GPS etc. that are includedon some of todays smart phone.  However, for under $50 it has a lot to offer.

1st one, daughter-in-law dropped in fish tank lol, but I like just about everything except not being able to turn off the web browser so it doesn't search the net without me.

I paid extra for shipping but it was worth it because It was delivered to me as promised.  As a novice computer user, I found it easy to purchase this item as compared to other companies

This is a great phone.  Just what I wanted.  I would purchase this phone again some time in the future.  It's great!

This phone arrived on time and is one of the best I've ever owned, it does everything I wanted and more, not needing or wanting a data plan, I couldn't have found a better phone for any amount of money and the service is the best!

I really like this very affordable phone. It takes great pictures that you can play around with and edit in many different ways. The phone is clear on both ends. I have no complaints at all about this phone.

It did not hold up as good as I hoped.  i now have a different tracphone that works good for me.

It seemed like a good idea - an upgrade from my old phone which Tracfone no longer supports. But beware - after 10 days and eight hours talking to their technicians (including at least two times where, after working my way up their tech support ladder, getting cut off and having to start again with up to 30 min on hold), they have finally declared that this phone cannot work in Burlington VT.Apparently this is because my home and my office are in different zip codes.Now they are sending a new telephone.Who knows what the issue really is, but only purchase this phone if you are prepared to spend all your lunch breaks talking to their technicians.

not bad but not good either,do alot of research before buying,plus tracfone doesnt have good plans only minute cards so thats a downer.

Very easy to use, love the screen. I upgraded but if you have a large amount of minutes which I did (over 6,000) I suggest calling to make the transfers even though they say it can be done online. I spent over 1/2 and hour trying to get my minutes transferred! So don't assume that you can do this on line because there may be a catch. Finally got all my minutes and everything is running smooth. I love this new phone it is very easy to adjust to.

I've used Tracfone's for a while, mainly because they're cheap. The main reason I got this one is because it has triple minutes for life which is a HUGE money saver. If you want to save money and don't mind a somewhat touchy phone, get this one. 5/5.

Bought this for my toddler because he calls grandma and grandpa weekly. He likes it but I think it could use more games. Also the display does not stay lit very long. One thing I like is the service provider, they don't charge an arm and a leg. Talking on it is easy and clear. And he likes to take photos with it. Oh, it does email too.

I bought this phone with tripple minutes.  Bought 400 minutes and got 1200.  I set it up and FOLLOWED THE INSTRUCTIONS TO ACTIVATE IT USING THE PIN NUMBER PROVIDED, and it was operating within 15 minutes. Including the cost of the phone, air time is about 8 cents per minute.  Texting costs 3 tenths of a minute, or about 2.4 cents per message.  I don't expect to use more than 100 minutes per month, so in the second year, the phone will be paid for, and the cost will be down to 4 cents per minute.  The LG 800G phone has a good size touch screen and many great features.  The touch screen keypad is excellent for easy texting, and the characters are large enough that I don't need my reading glasses to read or send messages.  I don't use the browser much, but the browser button is easy to hit by accident, so I set the screen to turn off after being idle for 20 seconds, and I also click it off with the external button when I finish a call.  I use a belt holder and a soft case.  Perfect combination.  Very pleased with this purchase.  My wife is planning to replace her cell phone with one of these.

Goy this for my 4 yr old grandson he love it only down fall its hard to text we needva phone where he can text me

I bought this phone for my husband, who does not use phones often enough to remember how to use them. This LG has been quite a success! It is much easier for him to use than the two clam shells he tried (both were Tracfone), because of the icons. I set up the phone and contact list for him (very easy), and he has not had any trouble placing or answering calls. The phone is light and slim enough for him to put in a pocket. It is fairly slick, so I bought a gel case for it on Amazon.

My husband likes this phone first because its small, thin, and together with his other 3 phones does not weight too much. It's touch screen like others he uses for his work, so its better to use the new one the same way as the others. He still in process of recognizing this model, but since he finds it nice in service. Of course, its very simple model comparing with smart phones, not so many functions, but for making calls and texting it's a good choice.

at first I thought I was going to buy this phone because of Triple Minutes( It looks like I have won a lotto just by buying this phone)... But then I search google to double check this cheesy title. Then it turned out Platinumtel is the best, by paying 100$, you get:1)a free stylish LG rumor with color screen(with a lot of color option-blue,green,black) with qwerty keyboard,it can play MP3 if you buy an exclusive LG headset.2) 2000 minutes(5 cents/minute, 2 cents per text message)3) One year service.so with 100$ you have 2000/365=6 minutes a day talking for the whole year which is 8$/month, and a free phone.This is the best thing happened to me after I know how to divide.I should have gave them 1 star, but with triple, 3 stars

This phone has the worst reception of any phone I have ever had. Unless you are in a city forget it.  The keyboard in screen is very difficult to use.  Wish I would have purchased a phone with keyboard on keys instead of touchscreen.

I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a modestly priced phone. I had bought one a month earlier and liked it so much that I bought one for my husband. We are both very pleased with them.

The LG 800g met all my expectations. The bright background and contrasting text and icons are very helpful to my eyesight. This being my first touchscreen device, makes usage must easier than scrolling.I had a problem with the usb port not connecting either to my computer or charger. I decided to return this to Amazon for a replacement. This was all accomplished easily at amazon.com. The day after I was notified the replacement LG 800g was shipped, the usb connection problem went away. May have been a small piece of debry I did not see. I am keeying the replacement LG 800g for a backup and it is a very good mp3 player and video player.I like it and would recommend to family and friends.

I do love my phone but I do wish the record for messages were longer. Not only have I bought this phone for myself, I have bought three others as gifts and everyone is pleased with their phones.

Bought this phone for my husband because he only had a samsung slide phone and kept hitting the browers button and wasting all his minutes even if the phone was shut.  This is an interesting phone.  Touch screen works great and its pretty easy to navigate.  I honestly prefer mine however, which is a model below this with the full keyboard, but he likes it and thats all that matters! :)

Received phone in package exactly as shown on website except for the fact where it says Triple minutes on ad, mine says Double Minutes!!! The reason I bought this model was for the minutes. Totally disappointed right now. Have always had great luck buying from here, I think it just ran out..UPDATE-ok I take it back. When I registered and put minutes on first time, LO and BEHOLD Triple minutes. So the packaging lied and the description was right! My luck is still going! YAY!!

When I ordered this phone, I was hesitant. but after receiving it I changed my mind. I charged the phone, went on line and transferred my old TracPone number to this phone. From the time I entered all the info and to the time my number was changed to the new phone, 57 minutes. I was up and running in under an hour. Great benefits to this phone are Triple Minutes, Camera, You can even use a keyboard to send messages. Overall the talking is very clear. Overall the Phone is Great.

I got a good deal on this phone (paid about $15) and it works great!  It's actually better than I expected.

I tried to return it to Amazon but I was a couple of days over their limit.  I hate it.  I had no choice but to use if for a bit, until I could afford a different one.  It took me forever to send a text because no matter how careful i was, and even times using a stylist, I'd touch a letter and something different would show up.  i refused to use it for sending text.  I use my phone as a camera quite often, the camera is worthless - bad coloring, bad focus,  I would have been happy to try a different phone if they had let me return it.  Don't waste your money on it.  If you do, use it often right away so if you don't like it, Amazon will take it back.

For a track phone it is a great little device. Decided to join the real world and leave home with a cell in hand. Easy to use and fun to have a touch screen. Love the lock button so you don't call people while it is in your pocket or purse.

I got this as a backup.  I go out of town from time to time for over a week, in the event I have a problem with the other phone, I can transfer the number and minutes to the new phone and not be without cell phone support.  I got it for insurance.

In a nutshell:THE BAD:Lousy Manual (printed & online both), Terrible touch screen response, "T9" Texting is not good.THE GOOD: Very Cheap! GREAT phone service through Tracfone, Long Talk & Standby time, Fast Porting of Old Phone Number.THE LONGER STORY:I switched to Tracfone because it's so much less expensive for me.  I only use talk and messages, so I don't need anything fancy.  This phone comes with triple minutes for life, which is why I bought it.  If I had it to do over, I'd get the Samsung 404g instead and try it out since it is the only other one with Triple minutes for life. I chose this phone because it has what I thought was a headset jack that wouldn't require an adapter.  I was wrong. I opted to use bluetooth instead, and got a bluetooth headset that I love (Zelher P20), so now I can get a different phone.THE PHONE: This phone is ok, but has a lot of drawbacks.  The touch-screen combined with the placement of icons etc. makes accuracy necessary, but difficult.  Scrolling through people in phone is next to impossible.  I wind up having to do a search instead, and then dialing their number isn't always successful when pressing the call icon. I have a Kindle Fire, so I'm used to touch screens, so it's not me, it's the phone.I also am not a fan of T9 texting.  If you aren't familiar with T9, it's a method of entering words with the telephone keypad by hitting the keys once instead of multiple times to get to the other letters available.  (For example Hit the 2 key once for A, twice for B, 3x for C) It supposedly figures out the word on its own by sorting through the combinations of keys and figuring out the most probable word you are typing from some algorithm. It's wrong a lot, and necessitates turning it on and off for lots of things -- even putting a question mark at the end of a sentence rather than a smiley face of all things. So T9 works sometimes, but not always.  I think I need to go back to a full keyboard phone like the Samsung.More than likely, I'll sell this phone to someone else, or give it to a friend if they want it, and then I'll get the Samsung unit and transfer my number/minutes, etc to that phone.The instruction manual for this phone is also a joke.  The online one isn't much better.  I didn't know what T9 was, and it wasn't in the manual at all, so I had to Google it to find what it was.THE SERVICE: Not much good about the phone, but the Tracfone service really impressed me, and still continues to do so.  Tracfone uses the ATT network, and coverage in my area is quite good (Suburban Los Angeles area).  I get 12 months service that includes a total of 4500 minutes for $199.00.  This is 1500 minutes that got tripled due to the triple minutes for life on the phone.  Included is 12 months of service.  I can buy more time & minutes on their website, or on Amazon or at the 7-Eleven (seriously).  I told my Mom to get it also, and she got this phone, with triple minutes for life, including 1200 minutes and one year of service for $99.00.  Amazing to me.  I transferred my Verizon Cellphone number to this phone, and the transfer was completed in about 90 minutes.  I was shocked, it was so fast and easy AND FREE!Text messages are included, and they use minutes instead of being considered separately. They use 0.3 minutes per text message. There are lots of other options for the service, but these parameters that worked wonderfully for me.

This phone does not work in all areas. Some areas have no service others low, some full service, even though TracFone says you have service.  If you have their flip phone you will not get the same coverage with this phone. The case is cheap, screen will scratch easy, and backing shows wear very quickly.

BUY THIS PHONE FOR MY WIFE SHE LOVE IT AND YOU WILL TOO. EASY TO USE AND ALL YOU NUMBERS ARE AT YOUR FINGER TIPS. GREAT DEAL ONLY AT AMAZON. MAYBE I WILL TRY AND GET A JOB AT AMAZON WHEN THEY COME TO TAMPA,FLORIDA. NEAR ME. THANKS AMAZON AGAIN. J.R.

our phone broke and we needed something cheap to get us by , the touch screen is  touchy you have to long press icon not sensative like other phones

Easy to use and looks good, just the right size. What else do I say besides ther should be requirement of words!!!

Fast Service.Phone description was exact.Reasonable price.Everyone is happy with their phone and are using them today.Have no cons what so ever.

I can find very few faults with this phone as with anything when they tweak out some of the issue's for tracfone & prepaid service this is one great phone I totally love it :)

I don't use a cell phone a lot but since texting is so cheap nowadays I decided to upgrade from my dinky motorola which took forever to text on. The sim card was bad but tracfone sent a new one straight away. I would suggest to anyone to call when transferring numbers or minutes because online was only transferring 1/3 of my minutes.I also wish they wouldn't advertise the Sandisk 4g HC microcard to purchase along with the phone because it did not recognize it. Luckily I'm not out but a few dollars. I tested a Kingston HC microcard from my daughters LG phone and that worked so I ordered another.

To make long car trips with two kids who don't travel well more bearable, I started putting my cell (an early model non-touch LG)  in flight mode & letting them watch videos. Well, the 4-yr old is great at holding it so they both can see, but the 1-yr old... Not so much. (And of course the 1-yr old wants to hold it, too...) Add the problem that I had no way of knowing if someone was trying to contact me.While looking for something really cheap to let them use instead of my cell, I came across this phone for 9.99, made sure I could put videos --- and apps! --- on it, and quickly placed my order for 2. Cheaper than a dual-screen dvd player, have apps, camera, & music player! (And if we ever want to use them as cells in the future, they come with triple minutes.) I put them in flight mode before letting the kids play with them. They immediately had a blast taking pics of each other (and their feet)! The 4-yr old likes the puzzle games and videos. The 1-yr old likes the music and the Spray Painter app I installed.Before I bought 4gb micro-SD cards for them, I took mine out of my cell and used it to install some games, music, and a short video clip on each. It's very easy to copy files from computer to phone. And if you have an adapter, you don't need to use a cable and connect the phone. I've done it both ways. It's nice to know an sd card doesn't have to stay in them for some of the user-installed items. I copied the files from card to internal memory & reclaimed my card. I only purchased them their own cards to expand memory & put longer videos on them.Everyone in this household is extremely happy with these LGs. :-)

its complicated

It is ok, but i don't feel  to comfortable using this phone.  I donate my phone, somebody give a better use.

I purchased this piece of junk from hsn in february and gave $99.95.Total waste of money cause the phone stopped working in June and can not get a refund tracphone was only willing to give me the same crappy phone again.Even though tracphone covers my area calls would get dropped and it would pop up no service.The txting and internet sucks to nothing good about this phone.Would call customer service and get put on hold never to get waited on.I know some people like tracphone but honetly don't get it their service is the worst and the phones are no good.So i had to purchase a new phone and went with virgin mobile the phone and service are so much better.I will never do business with tracphone again thanks for having me waste $99.95 on your worthless phone.

Don't even think about buying a Tracfone unless you potentially want to spend hours on the phone with people who cannot solve problems (and in fact create problems which lead to more issues), who commonly have a very poor command of English, and who will keep you waiting for hours on hold (I currently have spent over eight hours on the phone trying to activate this LG800G, without success). I have never experienced worse service--ever. If I could give this product a lower rating, I would. As to the phone itself (without Tracfone), it is good value. I wish I could say more, but I have been unable to get it properly activated so that I could use all its features.

Phone functions fine except for annoying hold feature interferes with using keypad while using the phone.Using anything online is nothing but an exercise in frustration...forget about it!! You will burn up minutes trying to do anything. No qwerty keyboard without opera mini which cannot locate server, can't check voicemail after multiple attempts, browser is worthless, Blue-tooth not functioning...etc.

Phone worked fine for a few weeks.  Now, it stops working.  Cannot be turned off and unable to use at all.  Remedy is to remove battery and then put it back in.  This works for a short time until the next freeze up.  Not worth the low price.

I bought this so my wife would always take her cellphone jogging. She uses the MP3 function for her daily jogs and has had no issues yet. Phone is small, slim, light, and touch screen sensitivity is just right.

While on a trip to Tahoe, I lost my old TracFone. I purchased the LG800G at Walmart in Reno, NV, hoping to renew my service before flying home so as to be able to communicate with my wife about pick-up at the airport, etc.: not only did that NOT happen, I embarked on a weeks-long journey of frustration with what TracFone calls their "customer service." I don't know how else to explain except to give you a play-by-play of what I went through, but suffice it to say that my family will be switching from TracFone as soon as it is feasible....It turned out that the phone I bought in NV couldn't be turned on because my home address is South Dakota, and they don't sell the LG800G in SD (never mind that it has nation-wide coverage--don't even ask about that). I had to call customer service to figure out why the phone wouldn't turn on, which meant that I waited 20 minutes for a human being to answer. When I explained the problem, he said that he'd send me another phone that would work in SD, but only after taking all of my personal info, multiple times, so that the call ended up being 44 minutes long. My replacement phone would be shipped by regular mail, which also irked me, and I could expect it in 1-2 weeks. Two weeks passed: no phone. I call TracFone, again, and I again wait about 20 minutes to get a human. They had no record of my earlier call; I asked for the manager; she found the earlier call and told me that the phone hadn't been shipped because the shipping address wasn't verified; I pointed out that they'd never emailed or called me to let me know; she didn't care. She restarted the replacement shipment and (due to my complaining) shipped it faster via FedEx. I asked her about some form of compensation for all of the time waiting for a working phone (3 weeks, at that point) and talking on the phone to them (44 minutes for the first call, then 1 hr. and 8 minutes for the second); she said that she could offer 100 minutes; I laughed; she said that she could offer 200 minutes. I asked to speak to her manager. It turns out that the people who will help you are in Guatemala City, Guatemala, and they really don't have any experience using either the products or the company, and they have no idea what normal expectations would be for the average American user of a product like this. I live and work overseas, teaching English to non-native English speakers, so I have some sympathy for their situation, but they really speak poorly, and they have no common ground to even understand what the average customer is calling about.The phone arrived, but it was a different model (LG501C), which is cheaper and crappier, but no refund or discount or free minutes, etc. Also, my original phone had 3X minutes; this one had 2X minutes. I called customer service to ask about all of this; after waiting 10 minutes (this was supposed to be the "direct line" for my follow-up calls) I was told (in an unbelievably difficult accent) that the first phone wouldn't work, so they sent me one that would, and if it's cheaper, well, whatever. I was also told that I should have checked online that the phone would be connectable at my zip code, even though I was shopping at Walmart, i.e., it's apparently all my fault ... so, tough.I wrote a complaint at the TracFone site: the same Guatemala City call center called me to basically summarize the problem for me ... again ... and to offer free minutes as a gesture of good will: 10 minutes, this time. It was another pointless 30+ minute conversation with someone whose English was bad, who was reading from a script, and who really had no means of being able to relate to the issue beyond what she'd been told to say.I'm returning the 2nd phone to TracFone, at their expense. I'm returning the first phone to Walmart. I'll buy the cheapest TracFone I can get at that Walmart so as to use up my 1400+ remaining minutes, then I'll NEVER have anything to do with TracFone, again. This is an incredibly poorly managed company, and I suspect that they won't be around a few years from now, anyway.

I was amazed at the speed of getting the phone.  It might not be an apple, but the price was right, that what I want.

Received this a couple of days ago in excellent condition in the factory Tracphone packaging. So far, I've been very impressed with it's overall quality.  It's construction is every bit as good as my LG Optimus (costing a little over $100) phone on Virgin Mobile, which I've given to the wife since I really only need a cell phone for making calls occasionally and wanted something small and simple. This meets my requirements very nicely. In many ways I like most of it's features and feel the operating system is laid out better than on the Virgin Mobile LG Optimus for my type of use; and with it's smaller size, it fits nicely into my pants pocket. Voice quality is fine and accessing voice mail/text messages is eay. The only thing missing is WiFi internet connection (which for me isn't a requirement) and internet browsing over the cell connection, while slow, is OK for occasional use. Haven't paired the phone with a bluetooth headset yet, but it easily connected to my laptop over the bluetooth contection. It  has software version V10e and a SIM for the T-Mobile network, for those who care about these. Online activation at the Tracphone site was very straight forward and easy; and received triple minutes for my airtime purchase as advertised. If you want a fairly simple phone for mostly just making/receiving calls and texts, this is a very could choice.

This is the third phone of this model I have owned. I keep buying them because I have damaged my previous ones, through no fault of the seller or product. It is simple and sturdy (not waterproof!) and very easy to use and easy to transfer your old tracfone account to. Thank you! If I need another new phone, this will be the one!

Item arrived on time. I love it so much because it is touchscreen. It may be simple but it is a great cellphone... Thanks! =)

This is a great little phone. You can customize it to make the text big and the speaker is convenient.  It is easy to learn especially with the amazon tutorial I bookmarked.  The triple minutes really go far.  Great for people who do not have to have a cell phone surgically attached to their hand.  Very nice reception.  Tracfone people have always been very helpful.  Excellent value.

I really love this phone.  Still getting to know it but no trouble with it at all.  Had read all the reviews and they were very helpful. Very happy with purchase. Got it cheaper and with all the accessories I needed through Amazon.  Tracfone switched over my minutes and number just with a phone call to them and pushing some buttons. My first touch screen!

I am glad i made the decision to get the LG800G phone, i read many good reviewes on this phone. It is the least expensive touch phone that that i know of,and the triple minutes for life make it a great deal.This is my second Tracfone,the transfer of my minutes and phone number from the old phone was quick and easy,about 10 minutes, the Tracfone representive was very knowlegable and polite.

Pros:-Cheap price tag-Cheap overtime price tag due to triple minutes-Works-Good speakers-Decent alarm clock featureCons:-Texting keyboard sucks pretty bad-Annoying minute consumption behavior-Feels very low-techI am not much of a phone user.  I just wanted one that I could rely on when I go outside.  When I am at home I have better methods of free calling and texting.  I'm already hardly a phone person so the triple minutes are, I believe, more than enough for me for one cycle (that's essentially paying $3 a month if I am not mistaken).One of the annoying things about this phone, is how it attempts to guzzle minutes.  When I say that, I mean, when you call someone, whether they pick up, or it goes to voicemail, as soon as it stops ringing and connects you to something, 1 minute has been used up.  At one point, I was trying to get in touch with someone repeatedly but they wouldn't pick up.  I must have lost like 10 minutes just because I heard the voicemail for 1 second ten times. You also have to spend minutes accessing your own voicemail (thankfully there is another way to do it for free but still).Texting is annoying at times because you are charged the minutes after you hit send.  That is bad because, after you hit send, the phone will sometimes fail to send it immediately (as in you need to wait like 5-10 seconds and not press a button that may cancel sending the text) or it may not send at all.  In the case of send failure, you will not be refunded your minutes.  This also happens often enough where it's not practical to try and contact customer support.It is also really easy to go onto the internet by accident on occasion.By default it's got a touchpad which doesn't sound bad for typing, but it doesn't have a smart keyboard.  It has the annoying keyboard where you have to hit the 2 key over and over to access "a," "b" and "c."  To find the useful texting keyboard, you got to go through the menu which isn't exactly streamlined.You will want a PC usb cable (not included) for this.  I ordered one, but to my delight, I found out that I could transfer files from my PC to my phone with a usb bluetooth dongle that I had bought for another reason.  Just make sure you aren't using music on your phone or else you can't transfer files (and it won't tell you why file transfer failed so don't be like me and become very confused).Games are eh, I didn't buy it for that but it it was a somewhat nice bonus.Music is pretty good.  It can play it pretty loud and I find myself using it as a mini speaker in my chest pocket as I walk around.  Unfortunately some other apps cut off music like games and camera.  My old Zune made me so used to listening to music while playing games.Conclusion:  It's perfect for me.  I'd rather get a cheap phone that works so I can splurge elsewhere.  You get what you pay for and with the low price I paid, I feel it sucks compared to my family's iPhone 4 and Droid Razr M.  As long as it doesn't break though, I am satisfied.

It takes too long to activate/  Would not be good in an emergency.  When on the phone it is not clear.  Bought 2  of these and wish I hadn't.

The phone is a nice beginner touch screen phone for people who don't like to use a lot of apps etc. One thing about the phone, the internet is not good. try to download Facebook and the memory too large. This type of phone to use for emergency calls or kids

Great phone for the amount I paid for it, I fine it better than some phones that cost more, great features and it's touch screen, which I new too but I love it, geat deal.

My older phone got soaked and its circuits were fried.  I was already familiar with Tracfone and needed a pre-paid phone with blue tooth capabilities.  It turns out this selection was an excellent choice as it is a touch phone and fun to use.  I do not use a lot of apps but as a communication device for use in the home or car, it has proven to be just what I needed.  For those who might use an alarm on occasion, this phone's alarm is musical and gentle - not the harsh, demanding clarion call that many phones use.  I am pleased with my purchase.

Call volume quite low. Ring tones quite low. Don't understand why but the music player has additional volume control settings that is enough to drive the speaker. The device browser chews time like crazy. Download Opera Mini to get a better browser.

Used it for a couple months and it worked fine for text but had difficulty picking up calls and then after a couple months it died.Tech support was helpful and decided it was a defective unit and I'm waiting for a replacement as it was under warrant.  I put 3 stars because the size and ease of use was OK...if it worked.

I have this phone it is the worst i have ever had it is too small and the lock comes on all the time even though i set it it not too am swithching to a dofferent phone by samsung and it is more user friendly

My first touch screen phone. Others were flip style. Interface a little quirky at times. More than one way to get to a setting you want to change but, only one way actually changes the setting. I think I will get used to it. Speakerphone feature requires extra entry to use. Does have good sound on both ends of call. Haven't tried to text yet but, does have qwerty virtual keyboard.

I bought this to see if it would end up being cheaper than a contract phone, and because I figured I could use it as a music player, etc. As a phone, it is surprisingly useful for the price. And I appreciate being able to get (slow but functional) internet access without a $20/month fee.I am disappointed in the memory card slot... Someone posted in a review that it would take a 32GB memory card, however this is absolutely not true. It is 4 GB max. Not exactly going to hold much of anything. This kills half of it's utility for me.In short, if this were priced higher, it would be a 2 to 3 star phone. But for $55 (phone plus 200 minutes card) using coupons and the included triple minutes deal, you get 5 months of use plus 650 minutes. Definitely an inexpensive way to have a phone around if one doesn't talk a lot.

Nice phone for the price.

This phone is hard to manuver around at first, so you must keep your how to pamphlet handy. I tried loaded mins at the Tracfone web site and it said that my EIM number did not belong to me, so you will be on the phone with Cust Svc, be sure to have another phone handy as it will not work otherwise.  The battery life is good, only thing is if you conserve battery by shutting off, not powering off, you will miss all calls. The camera is good, takes pretty good pics.  For a pay as you go not a bad phone overall.

After using this phone I am regretting choosing this one over the one with the slide-out qwerty keyboard that got excellent reviews from other users. This phone uses the old keypad format for text entry which was a little disappointing. It does compensate with a pretty cool hand-writing function which works well but is still slower than typing with keyboard. The settings are a little awkward too. I purchased the SD memory chip and USB cable but am still having trouble loading music and pictures from my computer to the phone. Having triple minutes is nice and it is working out to be much cheaper than the local carrier plan I was locked into for 2 years.

The LG800G I bought recently is a replacement for an old Nokia Tracfone phone I purchased in 2007. The LG800G phone is so much better than my simplistic Nokia. The display is bright and clear and a reasonable way to show off your photos. The text feature where the keyboard automatically changes to horizontal is a good idea. The camera works well enough but not on par with an iPhone which is an absolutely incredible phone. The only qualms I have are: accessing data on the 4G mini SD card isn't lightening quick and pushing the right letter/menu doesn't happen all the time with just one touch. Plus the internet service to surf the net is slow. Overall, this is a great inexpensive phone. Amazon is selling this phone with 1200 minutes and triple minutes for life for only $99.99. Tracfone has a deal where you buy a 1,500 minute card for $200. This will give you 4,500 minutes of talk time which is enough to last me a year. Also, I like the Skinomi display protector but didn't think the gel skin sleeve was so hot. I ordered the leather case with belt clip and I'm very happy with that product.

Over the last month, I've called Tracfone 6 or 7 times (at about a half hour each) to try and get this phone working. They have sent me two different sim cards. The last one I got two days ago and when I called they told me it could take 24-48 hours for the phone to work.After the 48 hours was up, and the phone still said &#34;Unregistered Sim&#34; I called them once again - I was finally told that there were no phone numbers available in my area code (wha?!).I find this very hard to believe since I live in a sparsely populated state (SD)....how are they not running out of numbers in California or New York??Anyway, looks like I'm going to have to return the phone to Amazon.

Five or six calls to Trac Fone and I am still without a working phone! A couple of the calls resulted in the "new" phone working for a call or two. My telephone log shows about 120 minuetes.Some of the Trac Fone telephone agents are very difficult to understand and the background noise level is distracting!Replacement parts are apparently shipped via the slowest possible type of transportation!And, even while my phone was not working, Trac Fone was still able to add more unusable minutes!

Got one of these for myself a while ago and now got another one for my mother to play with.  It's simple and easy to use and the minutes bundles online are a awesome deal($10/month for 50 minutes, which triples into 150 minutes + a second phone added is $5.99 and gets 40[triples to 120] minutes per month).

I ordered one of these and love it so much. I ordered another for my spouse.We cancelled our home phone and our contract cell phones (At&t;) and now we use these. They are so easy to use! If you get stuck while learning, or have questions on use, you can go to 'you tube' and get detailed videos that walk you through the steps.Buy minutes on the tracfone website or right over this phone. This phone gets great reception because Tracfone uses Verizon towers for signals. Buy the phone that gets triple minutes!! Very simply this means- if you buy a block for say- 200 minutes, the phone multiplies the 200 by three times at no extra charge to you. So you now have 600 minutes. I know!! Freakin' awesome!! Send messages and use the camera and lots of other features.State of the art LG technologie. Keep your original phone number or get a new one.I have been using this now for six months. I have saved hundreds of dollars!! Everything works and is simple to learn and use. Do not hesitate to get this amazing deal! Stay positive, be patient with yourself, you can do it! Have a blessed day!

I bought this for my son as his first phone. He was thrilled, as the appearance is close to Daddy's smartphone and not just a flip phone. It's basic, as you would assume, but the battery life is good, and the call quality is very good. I did by a rubberized case, as I felt the phone was bit &#34;slippery&#34;. Tracfone is a good value, and I have had no problems with the phone or the service.

wouldn't even get service in the area we live in, even though it's in the mapping area and was set to this zip code. Slow touch features and reaction time. Poor graphics, camera, and other features.  It's a good price tough and you get what you are willing to spend. So, overall it's right for the price I guess.

The LG 800G is a good beginner touch phone but only for those who do not use a phone frequently.  Must have spent $80 the first month even with the triple minutes to keep the phone active. Tracfone sent the wrong sim card and it took a week to get a new one. It also took several hours to actually get the right representative to help me properly activate the new sim card and get the phone working.Would not recommend tracfone service to anyone.  A real disappointment.  As for the phone, easy to use and no problems at all.

no contract needed and we get service pretty much everyplace. not everywhere, buy most places. does everything we wanted it to do.

If you buy this phone for other reasons than using it as a communication device then you should buy the 4gb Micro SD memory card and the LG Micro USB Data Cable.  If you want to be able to upload your music or download your videos and pictures you must set up your External Memory.  Here are some steps I went through:1.  Install the 4gb Micro SD card,2.  Connect the USB data cable,3.  The screen should say Connect to Mass Storage,4.  Choose yes.5.  I then made the choice to exit.Something else you may have to do is:1. Click the MENU icon.2. Then select the Settings icon.3. Then select the Phone icon.4. Then select the Memory Info icon.5. Then select the Primary Storage Settings icon.6. If a check mark does not appear next to the External Memory icon,click on the box to have it selected.Now when you connect the cable to your computer and say Connect to Mass Storage, you should press Start and select My Computer.  Now You should see a Removable Storage Icon.  Click on this and your music, video, documents etc. folders should be there.For a while I thought LG stood for Looking Grim but life's good when you can get things working your way.Good Luck.

This phone has more features than I need, but I'm not addicted to wireless phones. It's a nice size, and works fine.

Knowing it was a tracfone I was not expecting the quality of a smartphone or iphone. I purchased it as a first phone for my 14 year old, and it will serve its purpose, but the extra's of it, are what I would have liked. The video/sound recordings are horrible compared to other similar phones, and the camera while it works okay, does not take as good of pictures as other camera phones.For an example-We were at a concert and others around us, were using their phones in a similar way and getting crystal clear pictures, video and sound, while my daughter did not :-(I have seen. If you have a young teen this makes a great first phone regardless, but for me, I will be looking at other option for my upgrade to a touch screen. I do still like the no contract adn the triple minutes though!

I am unable to change the auto lock timer and it locks up as soon as a number is sent. This makes retrieving voice mail difficult.By the time I unlock it the voice-mail is hanging up.  It has to be unlocked in order to enter the password.  To make matters worse when the auto-lock kicks on the dial-pad disappears.  Of course this a smart phone and maybe its being operated by a not so smart person. But I am disappointed. The triple minutes are great and using the phone where accessing the dial-pad after dialing is not necessary the phone is 5 stars. But forget it for checking voice mails.  At least for the phone I am using.

Never got it to activate even after 6 phone calls to the carrier.

Simple, easy to operate, has all basic functions, camera isn't too bad, durable, perfect pocket size, love the touch screen. I would recommend this phone to someone who doesn't like complex smartphones, but still wants a good phone.

she really likes the phone especially the triple minutes for life. the only draw back it constantly is going on web, when she isn't trying to go on web and it subtractsup to 5mins. b4 she can get it to shut down. plus, when she gets a multimedia mssg. it subtracts 1.5mins to open then 1.5 mins to retrieve and still don't get the mssg. it cost another 1.5 mins b4 she actually gets the mssg. her only draw backs. other than that, she loves it!!!

This phone will not accept incoming calls and I can't make calls--it shows emergency calls only or network not available...it is ridiculous!! Even when it shows full bars..waste of money.

When I first got this phone I thought it was awesome.It is no smartphone but has a lot of great features, like a mp3 player, triple minutes, and touch screen.It started annoying me when the autolock feature kept turning on freezing the screen until you unlock it with a soft key. Also the phone is not made for texting.Aside from that, this phone is great if you don't use a lot of minutes per month. I have been getting by on just $15 a month. The minutes you don't use roll over.Super value!

wanted a touch phone, this is not a smart phone. If you have a smart phone there is a learning curve to this phone.

Phone quit working after two days. Until I am sent a replacement, one star. Calling Tracfone is useless because it is all automated.

I thought this would be a really good investment and thought it was very affordable. I bought a phone that tripled the minutes and time I bought through the parent company, but when it comes to the company charging back the minutes used...they charge four times the actual use. So not only is the whole thing a lie, but its a cheat too!!!!

4 stars in terms of usability, and 5 stars in terms of price and deal.Pros: Triple minutes. It came with 20 free minutes, added a 60 minute card with promotion code of 20 bonus minutes, gives a total of 220 minutes. Alarm works even with the phone off. It's slightly smaller than the qwerty-keyboard Tracfones. Plays Java games, and has tons of ringtones to choose from. Has a camera, voice, and video record capability, and plays MP3 and certain video formats.Cons: Touchscreen isn't 100% accurate, and scrolling is a little awkward. Screen blanks out too quicky even if you disablle the energy saving feature and auto-lock option. It takes a REALLY LONG time to turn on the phone, you have to press the power button for about 4 to 5 seconds, then wait another 10 seconds for the home screen to show up.Then again, people who use Tracfone aren't the type that chat away on cellphones all day long. Tracfone is for those that make occasional calls.

Within one month the phone lost ability to send text messages and then even making a call was difficult. After THREE days on the phone with Tracfone  (more specificially three evenings talking to customer service from 6 PM to 7:30 PM) they finally figured out it was a bad SIM card and sent a replacement. Two days later the SAME things happens with our daughters LG 800G! Went through the SAME process (albeit a little quicker this time) with customer service. They just sent a replacement SIM card- we'll see if it works! Customer service even said they have been having a lot of problems with this phone. POOR SERVICE AND TERRIBLE PHONE.

I received the phone from Shopcelldeals in 2 days by Priority Mail. Then I used the Tracfone 800 number to port my existing Tracfone number to the new phone. Was told this could take between 2 hours and 2 days. It was 2:00 PM when I requested the porting service, but the new phone was not activated until about 7:00 AM the next day (both days were weekdays). This left me without cell phone service for more than 1/2 day. The minutes and service days did NOT port to the new phone, requiring another phone call to TracFone that lasted almost 20 minutes -- but I got all my minutes and service time transferred.I live in Phoenix, and my old Motorola TracFone was on T-Mobile towers. The new phone is now on ATT towers and voice mail. So, I had to set up my voice mail all over again. You probably can't get the voice mail set up with just 10 minutes of air time, so add air time first. However, you can set up your voice mail quickly (choose the simplest options and hang up)using the TracFone and use the Call Log to find out what phone number the 800G used to call the voice mail provider. Then, you can use a land line to call the voice mail "computer" to enhance your voice mail service and options. And in the future, you can retrieve your voice mail messages from any land line: Save that phone number! You will save a lot of minutes this way.The phone does a lot of nice things. I added the recommended memory card, a screen protector, a gel case, an auto charger, and a USB cable. Everything arrived quickly from the various vendors, except the data cable which required a whole week to get here.I have loaded my own digital photos to make Home screen wallpaper;I have backed up my contacts to my PC and to the memory card (but I had to manually enter my contacts, since the old phone has no download ability); I have NO TROUBLE putting contacts into Groups -- put them into the contact list first and then assigned each one to a Group, if I wanted;I have put friends' and family birthdays in the calendar;I never did Texting before, and it works well with this phone; T9 input threw me at first, but now I have  learned it works the quickest -- if you get a word you don't want, touch it and a drop down list appears showing other similar word--works great; you can use the phone dialing keypad with or without T9 input, or you can used a horizontal QWERTY keyboard to enter text--but the keys are very small and takes a lot of practice to avoid hitting the wrong key--that's why I now prefer T9 message input on the dialing keypad;I downloaded one ringtone from the TracFone site for $1.99 on a credit card (you choose the tone you want online, then you use the phone to "retrieve" it from the Internet--was worried it would cost a lot to do that, but it took only a few seconds and very little time off the minutes).If you are upgrading from a plain old phone to this phone, you will be happy. Although, you have to be willing to experiment and to be patient; if you really dislike new technology, stick with a simple phone because detailed instructions are not available WITH the phone--but many solutions are available by searching online. If you are going backwards, from a smart phone to this phone, you probably will be a complainer. This phone is perfect for people who do not want to pay for the web at their fingertips (a monthly data expense of $30 or more), but want to have to the ability to do easy texting and phoning and to personalize their phone and have PC connectability. No complaints from me after the first week.

"Includes Triple Minutes for Life FREE" is a lie.I had Tracfone for seven years, built up a balance of 800 minutes, and had no complaints.  But my phone died so I ordered a replacement.The replacement came to me and worked fine, but had only ten minutes on it.Customer service is now a nightmare.  When I finally get through to someone, they tell me that I cannot transfer my minutes because my old phone is not active."Includes Triple Minutes for Life FREE" is true as long as your phone does not die or disappear.

I like the phone number block, but it still sends the calls to the answering service. If you don't use the answering service then you can block out the numbers you do not want to answer and never hear the phone ring.  Just add the unwanted numbers to the what ever group you want to use to block or make your own group title like, junk.  Then, block the group you do not want to answer.You can only add 100 mp3 songs to each playlist, but acceptable.  You just have to make more playlist.  Eventhough, shuffle is on all the time I still have to turn on the shuffle each time I play a playlist.  If I don't turn on the shuffle each time I play a playlist shuffle will not work.The screen could be bigger for texting.  Having the virtual key board reduces the screen size a great deal. The key buttons are too small for me which cause me to mis type.  If you have smaller thumbs than myself then you might not have any problem.If you text alot you might want to look in to another phone or another prepaid company like h20.  I like the phones with pull out qwery board which have bigger screen.The phone stopped working a few times  which I had to reset.  Just pull out the battery.  Wait 15 minutes.  Put the battery back in.  Plug in the recharger for about 30 minute and reset your personal settings.Every so often the mp3 player will stop working by itself.I can't up load the videos taken with the phone on to the computer.The phone does not allow you to add apps from the second screen to the main screen.  I like to have the necessary apps on the main screen. I don't use the phone that much, so tracphone prepaid is great for my purpose, but phone choices are bad.I had a lg rumor touch before and also had problems.Only good thing about tracfone is cheap  service.  Tracfone doesn't allow you to use other unlocked phones by simply replacing the sim card, so you have to purchase the tracfone.  Tracfone service have very poor telephone choices.

I can't say enough good about this phone. Finally, we have a tracphone that is easy to use. I replaced an LG400 series phone with this one. This phone has a real touch sensitive screen that operates like other much more expensive &#34;smart phones&#34;. Although there are not that many apps available yet, who cares! For a basic no-nonsense phone you can't beat the LG800G. It has amazing sound quality, amazing battery life, especially standby time (5 days plus) and overall is just a neat phone for a fraction of what other phones cost. I also love the Tracfone company. You can't beat their new &#34;triple minutes&#34; policy. What a deal. If you have kids or just want a second phone # to use, you will not find a better deal.

I've had the phone for 4 days, playing with it extensively. It is best to have the expectation that this phone is inexpensive and therefore will not have the extensive capabilities of customization and convenience as the more expensive phones. I purchased this to use mostly as an emergency phone and so was not looking for the most up-to-date features.The touchscreen reacts remarkably well when tapping. The only time I found any small problems with the response of the touchscreen is when needing to swipe your finger across the screen either for a sliding feature or when using handwriting input. For example, when going thru the contact list, it moves thru the list much too fast (am curious if there is a response setting to fix this?) so I found it best to tap above/below the position marker on the slider in order to go up or down a page at a time instead. This is no big deal to me since there is a workaround in that instance but, this quirk is much more tedious and annoying when using the handwriting feature. I really like the idea of this feature for inputting text (especially when the qwerty keyboard is not available...more about this later) but am noticing that the screen doesn't pick up the movements of your finger accurately alot of the time and the distortion causes frequent inaccuracies. I ordered a stylus so am waiting to see if this helps that problem.I had read that other phones in this price range did not have multiple alarm capability but this one has all the features of alarm scheduling as my old phone and even an additional option of excluding holidays. Included alarm repeat options are: not repeated, daily, M-F, M-Sat, Sat-Sun, select days, except holidays.I do not use the internet from phones so can not comment about this.The biggest gripe I have with the LG800g at this time is the inability to use the qwerty keyboard for every single inputting need. Why make it available for only a couple of features? You can not use the keyboard when entering contact list info (including searches) or the subject/title lines when creating calendar events or tasks. The only time this option seems to be available is for text messages and memo entries. If the handwriting function would work better or if I knew beforehand that there was no keyboard at all, I wouldn't be as disappointed.All in all, I am pleased with the LG800g so far and even ordered another for my husband last night who will also be dropping his current carrier. You just can't beat the triple minutes for life in addition to the affordable price.UPDATE 2013: BOTH LG800G PHONES PURCHASED COMPLETELY DIED AFTER ONE YEAR. ALSO PURCHASED MY MOTHER ONE LAST YEAR AND IT DIDN'T LAST A FULL YEAR. No wonder the phone is discontinued.

My wife has had this phone for about 6 months.  It has been ok.The main drawback I want to warn prospective buyers about is the autolock feature.  The touch screen autolocks; unlocking requires a couple of seconds of pressure on the onscreen "unlock" button.  While you can set different delays, including "never", this has no effect during a call, making it very frustrating to navigate voicemail or an answering machine tree.  The screen will lock while you're listening to the prompt, and by the time you unlock and recover the dialpad, it's repeating the prompt or you've missed your chance to respond...  Many people have complained about this on tracfone and LG forums, but there is no remedy.  Several have suggested pressing the on/off button to unlock, which is quicker than the touchscreen button.

Bought this for my daughter for Xmas and was told when I tried to activate it that it would not work in Montana. Now I have phone that we can not use.  Very sad for a girl getting her first phone!

WOULD HAVE LIKE IT IF I COULD HAVE GOTTEN SERVICE!!!!THE MAP ON WEB SITE SHOWED WE SHOULD HAVE HAD SERVICE?

Purchased this phone a few days ago and received it from amazon with two day shipping. Activated with no problem and was able to transfer my old tracfone number to the new tracfone without a hitch. Now I get triple mintues instead of double mintues which is well worth the price. Also amazon had this phone for $20.00 cheaper than all the other retailers, way to go amazon! Once again, a very happy customer.

I needed a extra battery for my L G 800 and I could not find one ,but the phone was only $10 dollars. so now I have an extra phone also. service cost me $100 a year. that is hard to beat.

Mixed review. First off the phone sounds really good, very respectable sound at both ends. It also sends and receives well in fringe areas. I am having a problem when receiving calls, text, or messages. It wants to go into lock down mode. I then need to hold unlock for 5 seconds before I can answer or read messages. I have set lockdown to never come on but that does not help. Somewhat aggravating although I am learning to live with it.I called TrakFone and they suggested various things to try but to no avail. I also suggested they exchange the phone but they would not do it.

Nice upgrade , I like the camera feature , but the one feature I bought it for was using the internet and haven't had any luck with that, it may be my carrier , Tracfone

I'm very happy with this cellphone. While not a smartphone by any means, it does enough things for the price to be WAY more useful than my previous tracfone. Amazon, shopcelldeal, ce compass and overstockscloseout all filled their orders in a timely manner and accurately. Tracfone and their customer service is another matter completely, though. You should be aware that, apparently, they get VERY hacked if you do NOT buy from them. They made it completely impossible to do ANY transaction on their website and required numerous calls to customer service before they ( reluctantly ) transferred the minutes from my old phone. If pulling teeth is an apt analogy, their customer service is like being a dentist at the zoo.......

Got this phone for my son for his 18th birthday (first phone for him- he loses stuff too often to risk a more expensive phone...).  GREAT starter phone!  The triple minutes for life will allow him to text happily without paying too much.  And it gets decent reception, even out here in the boonies :-)

when I leave it on for a long time sometimes it doesn't wake up, or turns its self off. It gets pretty irritating.  it's hard to beat 9$ a month though.

Purchased thru shopcelldeals on Amazon.  Had no problems with activation and adding triple minutes. (Previous reviews had issues saying TracFone would not honor Triple Minutes from shopcelldeals. This is no longer the case.) Called TracFone to activate and after inputing several mega codes, phone was activated and old # was transported within minutes.  Bought minutes through Tracfone - minutes were on my phone before I got off the website.The phone itself is a nice size and weight.  Does NOT feel or look cheap.  Touchscreen is easy to use.  Has many nice features and applications.  Also purchased the 4GB Sandisk SD card and adapter and car charger, USB cable and rubberized skin. (Total cost $50 and pennies not including additional minutes.)  The Services Guide is very informative but does not detail everything the phone does or how to access.  I'm not tech savvy and will have to do some research on all of the functions. Internet is accessible but, I would not recommend using a lot (may get a little costly).Some features: Has regular keypad name entry, QWERTY or a handwriting option to enter contacts or messages. Has calendar, memo pad, 2MP camera, MP3, multiple alarms, multiple time zones, Bluetooth. Lots more.  Great phone for the money and triple minutes for life.

Ordered two LG800G phones that arrived quickly. They are great phones. Both phones had to be replaced due to a problem not connecting to the web. Not sure what the problem was? The triple minutes and 1200 bonus minutes was an asset. One big problem is there is no decent manual on the phone. Have to go on line to user forums, one by Tracfone, to get answers on "how to". A comprehensive manual would certainly alleviate aggravation. All in all it is a great phone

I bought this thing and it said triple the minutes. got so exited to open it, but it turned into disaster. When i tried to transfer my old number to this one, the phone company said it could take up to 24 hours to transfer, but it got transfered in thirty minutes.After it was activated, i tried putting minutes on it and it said system error 4 times. finnaly it worked. tried calling with is and it said network unavalible five times until the sixth time it finnaly called but when my mom and I tried talking with our home fone and the tracfone, we couldnt hear eachother. We called the comapny and talk 2hours for three days each. we put codes in at least 12 times and it still wouldnt work, we tried cleaning the sim card and still nothing. but when we went by the window it worked then would say no service the tracfone company said it had moderate connections to the fone towers and claimed it was good. who the heck wants to go by a window every time to text or call? finnaly we got the tracfone company to replace the useless thing. plus you have to buy the SDcard thats not included and hard to find in order to hook it up to the computer to download music and to use the USB cord that is also not included, it take forever to charge and has pronblems turining on and off. and using the video camera in dim light sucks cuz you cants see a darn thing! i recommend you not to buy this piece of junk. its a waste of $20.00. you wont be satified. 100% sure. dont buy touch screen tracfones that uses sim cards or are a tracfone that uses airtime minutes. You can buy it if you want to be pissed offTracfone LG LG800G with 1200 Minutes and Triple Minutes for Life!! (Tracfone)

Generally, seems to work good as a phone. Why can't they have some sort of lens cover for the camera? I prefer a flip phone or slider, but this seems to be the new style. My wife and I have been using tracfones for about 5 years, since it is cheapest for us $8-12 a month each for our minimal use. There are limited times we would need to Google something, and haven't done so on our other web enabled phones (except when accidently hitting the prominent web buttons).I have Micro USB cords which work with many of my other devices, however this one needs a different one. evidently there are micro B, and micro AB and this takes the micro AB type USB. Why can't the phone just come with one? Or use a standard B type?Also, the online manual mentions nothing about micro SD memory, or what cable to use. Only accessories mentioned are the battery and charge cord, which come with the phone. Aaarrgh!Edit after about 6 months:I'm dropping the score to 2 stars. I have noticed that tracfone has no other games to download, and the games provided were never the best, and are getting old and boring, and I'm nervous about downloading from other sites. All they have is damn ringtones and pictures to download. The keyboard locks at inapropriate times when inputting touch tones. Also the accuracy of touch is questionable. It almost needs a sylus holder and stylus. I like the triple minutes but miss a normal keypad and clamshell.

I wanted to upgrade  my old Tracfone and got this phone.  Easy to use (once I realized I needed to go to another source to get more in depth instructions).  I had no problems moving my old number and transferring old minutes to my new phone. Great bargain for me.  The only problem I've had was the screen froze (one time in 6 months).  I simply removed the battery, reinserted, and I was off and running again.

This is the next best thing to an iphone, at about one-sixth the cost for the phone, and one-tenth the cost for the ongoing service. Biggest drawback is - not suitable for any amount of web surfing - maybe just in emergencies. Overall, I am more than satisfied! The triple minute feature clinched the whole deal for me.

My son has bought this exact phone a few times and liked it so when I needed a new phone with Bluetooth I bought this one.

I love my new phone.  There are only a few drawbacks.  One, it will not read the micro SD memory card. (I have seen a lot of postings about this same problem.)  The camera doesn't have a flash.  Otherwise, I am lovin' it.  Easy to set up, simple to activate online and add triple minutes. Holds a charge for days without recharging.  Has all the features I want.

Great phone but when I first got it from tracfone they had it working off the wrong towers in my area and my service was terrible but at no extra cost they sent me a new SIM card a few days later and not it works even better than my flip phone and my flip phone worked great. Touch screen takes a little to get used to because I never had one before but I love it now, also I can hear people better on it than my old phone for those of you that actually still use a cell phone for calls. :o)  It does have a virtual keyboard on it if you like that better than the old style, you just have to do a one time set up to use it.  I don't do a whole lot of texting so it doesn't really matter to me too much but I will probably start using it more.  The triple minutes are a great bonus too plus you can access the internet on it and I tried it a couple of times and it's fairly fast but again I don't have a need for it since I have an Ipad and a desktop.  So, I guess I really don't use it for much more than the flip phone but it works better and now it looks like I have a smart phone.

I like this phone for everything except 2 things: making phone calls, and keeping time.  That's right, it sucks for phone calls.  Why?  Because it has that really infuriating feature all touchscreen phones have, only worse -- it automatically locks the screen within seconds.  Yes, it can be unlocked, but it locks again within seconds.  Over and over.  And you can't turn off the feature.  Imagine making a call to any business with an automated response interactive system, and you keep having to unlock it, press the dial pad icon, then press the number for a response, all within seconds.  Now imagine having to do that while trying to be handsfree.  I don't care what the overreactive, irrational justification (a solution in search of a problem) was for this feature, not being able to turn it off is unacceptably to-the-bone-marrow stupid.  The other boneheaded feature of Tracfone's software is that the world clock is wrong.  And can't be corrected.  It shows my area, Washington, DC, as being an hour behind New York City.  I mean, is this phone a microcosm of the intellect of today's world or what?

We purchased this phone at a chain store for $49.99.  We've always  owned cheap pay as you go phones, because the value is fantastic and we hate getting ourselves into pricey contracts.  This phone is smart in looks only.  The features are awful, the touch screen finicky...it's basically a toy phone meant to "look" like a fancier one.  My husband has had his for about 6 months and it just kept getting worse.  We just replaced it with a $65 Optimus Elite and what a world of difference.  Seriously...unless you're getting this for a child, never use your phone, and rarely text I cannot recommend it.  If you have never ever owned any other touch screen device, you might think this is pretty nifty. We have always gone with low end pay as you go's, but we would have preferred one of the non touch screen ones over this.  The pros are that it is super cheap (especially on amazon) and tracfone is fairly reliable and a very inexpensive service.  The cons are that the phone is just doesn't work well after a couple of months, and the touch screen on my 5 year old daughters leapfrog toys are better made and less finicky. You also have to push really hard for the icons to access. Reminds me of our fussy touch screen fax machine at work. Accessing the web for anything is worse than the caveman days of dial up modems and AOL service.  Given the price and always phenomenal tracfone service rates, this would be a good "first phone" for a younger child or a decent emergency phone to throw in your glove box. I'm surprised by all the great reviews for this one...we're not fussy people and this phone didn't even meet our extraordinarily low expectations for it.

I bought this phone for the triple minutes from Tracfone.  But when the minutes are gone I'll get a different phone. The voices break up often even though I live in a large metropolitan city and I'm sitting outside while using it, and have all the reception bars showing on the screen.  I'm constantly asking the person on the other end to repeat themselves.  Also the screen constantly locks itself.  Very annoying when you're needing to use the virtual keypad while in voicemail Hell.."push 1 for English" etc....by the time the next command is given the screen has locked again.  Give me real buttons next time, not virtual.  Apparently there's no way to stop this, according to several cellphone forums I've used.I like Tracfone and have been using them for over 6yrs.  But this phone does not make me happy.

I bought this phone and was excited to begin using it right away. When I called to activate the phone, I was told that the Sim card was defective and that I would have to wait 5-7 business days for them to send me a new one! Let's be honest. When a company says 5-7 business days, they mean it is going to take a month.I'm really disappointed. This was my first experience with TracFone, and so far it has not been enjoyable. I hope the new card comes soon (they should ship it priority since it is their mess up), and that the phone works fine.

The LG800G Phone works and operates smoothly and was just what I was looking for in an inexpensive phone deal and plan.Not a bad deal to get triple minutes as long as you own the phone.  Free shipping went along with this deal!!

pretty good, I like that its touch screen and I can hear a lot better then on a cheap flip phone that I had. you buy cheap you get cheap but its not really a bad cheap phone, its nice

This phone is great. It has all the cool features that you need in a phone and it is so affordable.

I read many reviews before purchase, so I knew exactly what I was getting and and was also aware that this isn't a $150 phone. Easy to set up and buy minutes.  Triple minutes -- unbeatable.  Only had one situation where it "pocket -dialed" on me, so that does bear watching.  Maybe a plastic cover for the face will prevent it.  But for the money, definitely worth it.  Call clarity is excellent.  Biggest tip is to read reviews on Amazon and at Walmart so you know a lot about it because the one drawback is the manual; it is barely helpful for anything beyond the basics.  I found a few videos on you tube for reviews, which are helpful  The one regarding the installation of the SDHC card doesn't tell you or show you, so remember this:  the metal retainer must be pushed a millimeter or so towards the top of the phone to "unlock" it before it flips up -- then you can insert the card.  SHDC cards are cheap and I bought mine from McTechy and they are reliable too.  Less than $4. Amazon ships it quickly and you are able to track it online. Rec'd mine in a few days, even during the Christmas rush.  All in all, it is a great phone for the money.  Definitely recommend it.

After reading some of the reviews about this phone being junk, I had to respond.  I have had this model for eight months and have not had one bit of problem with it.  I make calls, I receive calls.  I send text messages, I receive text messages.  That is all I need this phone to do.  I have service in more places than some people who pay $200 for their phone and $50 a month for a plan.  For those people who have given it a bad review, it seems they want it to baby sit their kids, wash their dishes and mow their lawn.  It's a PHONE!!!!!  If you want more you have to pay more.  My husband has the exact same phone and he has had a couple of issues that have been remedied with customer support.  Of course their English is poor, but blame that on out-sourcing of jobs.

It is a cheap way to get basic smartphone features, and costs very little per year if you don't make many calls or play with it very much. Most people want or need much more hardware as well as service, but this is fine for me right now.

Got a lot of &#34;No Service&#34; or &#34;Emergency Calls Only&#34; when I first got this Tracfone for my wife. Her previous phone was a tracfone and we noticed the Simm card #'s were different. Once they sent us the correct Simm Card we no longer have had issues with this phone.  So far, for the $ spent and for what the phone is, seems like a great deal.

I've been with Tracfone for many, many years and am a satisfied customer. Tracfone is perfect for my mobile phone needs. This phone however left allot to be desired. I won't rehash all the other reviews but will say it's clumsy, hard to navigate and the touch screen doesn't respond well, if at all. The last straw for me was when I was trying to retrieve voicemails and the system couldn't "hear" or recognize the password tones I was entering. It kept saying "please re-enter your password" or "try again". I took my losses and bought the Samung S390G. It has a QWERTY keypad, triple minutes for life and is far superior to the LG, which now stands for Long Gone!

i got this some time ago and i thought i did a review. i got my phone in a timely manor and it is working great for me thank you

we didnt read correclty this is not a trac phone for our area ,but it came in with the 3 items it had promised

I am not able to download my photos to my computer.  I send them to my email and many times they don't go through but I am still charged for sending them.  I would never buy another one, nor recommend it to anyone

Cant get excited about this phone. Phone fails to wake up at times after going to sleep.Have to remove battery and reinstall to get phoneto come back on. Touch screen is non responsive at random times which is very aggravating when dialing numbers in your contact list.Phone goes into lock in about 5 seconds no matter how you configure it which makes moving through menus difficult.Imprecise touch operation and awkward interface Cant find anywhere where I can check and get a firmware update which this phone seriously needs.It is through the tracfone service network so that is part of the problem when it comes to device support but LG doesnt have a good support site either for this model phone.So if you enjoy root canals,standing in line at amusement parks,or paying excessive taxes this phone should fit right in

I'm special agent 000, Agent Hoser!The agency gave me a special phone related to [...]It's got special cool gizmos and gadgets, all for making my show grand and spectacular!In a few years of modifications, I'll be Superman!Chris

I have owned several Tracfones. This is a fantastic phone for the price. I don't anticipate browsing the internet very often with it, but it is great to have that capability. I have already added several informational documents from my computer to it that will now be accessible all of the time.

If you get the latest software on your phone, there are no issues with it.  The touch screen works perfectly.  The keyboard can be T9 or toggle to Qwerty keyboard (T9 can be deactivated) with the latest software.  I'm a 215 lb guy and had no issues typing on this phone.  It's fine for the price.

Nice phone and easy to I.M. With if you set it up for writing. It's like using a computer keyboard. I don't know how to get the triple minutes though. Didn't seem like I did. Anyway it's agood buy.

Have had the phone for about a year....wish i had purchased it thru amazon, rather than tracphone. I paid 50$ for mine.  For twenty, i wouldn't really care that the touch pad is wearing out. For 50$, not so much. When it worked, it worked great everywhere.  But i text alot, and the cranky touch pad is frustrating.  Going for the LG505C....with a keyboard.  If you don't text much, you will love this phone.

Biggest issue with this phone is the locking feature.  It goes into lock mode all of time and in the middle of phone calls.  Example - you press unlock to dial voice mail.  Voice mail picks up and then you need to enter the code.  But the phone has now locked itself.  Press unlock, enter your code.  Now you have voice mail.  You listed to it and want to delete it by pressing 7.  Guess what - phone is locked.  May not seem to be a big deal, but very annoying after a while.  There needs to be a setting on the phone that allows you to adjust the lock time.  There is currently not one.

My nephew loves this phone and I love the fact that it gets triple minutes.  Gotta find out how to download games thou

I WAS LOOKING FOR A TOUCH SCREEN PHONE AND WITH TRIPLE MINUTES.PRICE AND ALL THE FAVORABLE REVIEWS BOUGHT THIS. I AM SORRY I DID.THE SCREEN GOES INTO AUTOMATIC LOCK UP ALL THE TIME AND IT IS PARTICULARLY ANNOYING WHEN YOU ARE TRYING TO RETRIEVE VOICE MAIL BECAUSE YOU CAN'T ACCESS THE KEY PAD UNTIL AFTER YOU HIT THE UNLOCK BUTTON AND WAIT 5 SECONDS. SAME THING HAPPENS WHEN I ANSWER OR MAKE OUTGOING CALLS. VERY ANNOYING AND CANNOT BE ADJUSTED BY ME. OTHER PEOPLE HAVE MENTIONED THIS DEFECT. AND IT IS A MAJOR USER DEFECT.THE PHONE DOES NOT NOTIFY YOU WHEN YOU HAVE VOICE MAIL. YOU HAVE TO ACCESS VOICE MAIL ON A REGULAR BASIS OR WILL MISS CALLS.THE TOUCH PAD IS ALSO IRREGULAR. SOMETIMES YOU HAVE BARELY TO TOUCH IT AND OTHER TIMES YOU HAVE TO TOUCH, PRESS AND HOLD. AND WHILE THE TRACFONE NETWORK ACCESS IS VERY GOOD THE AUDIO ON THE PHONE IS NOT THAT GOOD.THIS PHONE HAS A MIND OF ITS OWN. IT APPEARS TO HAVE BEEN DESIGNED TO EAT UP MINUTES WITH AUTO LOCKOUT, NO VOICE MAIL NOTIFICATION, ETC.WHAT TRACFONE NEEDS IS A PHONE WITH LARGE BUTTONS, LARGE TEXT, NONE OF THE BELLS AND WHISTLES, IN OTHER WORDS JUST AN EASY TO USE PLAIN VANILLA CELL PHONE.THE SELLER WAS VERY NICE ON AGREEING TO SOME KIND OF RETURN CREDIT FOR AN EXCHANGE BUT TRACFONE DOES NOT HAVE WHAT I NEED.STAY WITH YOUR FLIP OPEN PHONE.

Bought this phone as a christmas gift, it's the first phone for an 11 year old and she loves it.  With triple minutes I couldn't go wrong.

I'm very pleased with this phone. Triple minutes for life? YOU GOT IT! I only need a phone for emergencies, but I figure this should cost me $10 a month which figures in with my undernourished budget!

I ordered two of these phones. (1 for my 12yr. Old & the other for my friends 14yr. Old) the girls luv them! I hear things like "coolest mom ever" " it's  so cute" & "best present I've ever got" so if u wanna be the hero just get this phone. Lol seriously the phone comes with triple min. For the life of the phone. Its cheaper than other pre paid phones, easy to set up & GREAT customer service! And there are all kinds of covers, cases and other do-dads for this phone. If ur thinking about this as a gift u can't go wrong.

The LG800G has a resistive touch screen which means you have to put a little pressure on the screen to use it. The things I like about the LG800G are the still camera, micro SD card expansion, connects to PC with usb for file transfers, has full Blue Tooth implementation, customized screens, stereo mp3 player, good video playback with stereo sound if your video has it, small profile with a nice screen, really good battery life. The things that could be better would be the web browser could be faster, a scratch resistant screen, a more fluid video recorder. I have the triple minutes version which replaces and LG600G double minute flip phone.  I was able to use it's phone number and transfer the remaining minutes to the new phone. The phone and service are very inexpensive and I have never found a place where the phone has not worked. With the LG800G's large phone keyboard, this would be a great phone for the elderly.

This phone is perfect for my use, as I do not use a cell phone very often.My skin is tender and the razor is fine for that.

The texting is a bit awkward for me, not being a 14 yr. old girl but a 71 yr. old man.  You need to change screens several times to complete a text. However, all the setup and added minutes went without a hitch.  I just ordered one for my wife to replace her Lg500.I emailed Tracfone requesting speaker phone use info. and have not heard from them, as of Dec. 26., but their online tutorial, found by my own initiative did work for me. Don't count on Tracfone help via email.  The user booklet wasn't clear.After using the LG800G a couple weeks I found the battery goes down way faster than advertised. (4 hr talk, and 8 day standby) It has to be discharged fully and recharged a couple time and should be OK. Sending photos deducts 1 full minute.  Most of the photos have NOT actually gotten thru, but the time was deducted.  Texts deduct 20 seconds, though they only take about 2-3 seconds to send.HOWEVER, the one I ordered for my wife and today tried to transfer her current LG500 Tracfone # and minutes, but it only transferred the minutes and gave a new number! Numerous tries say they cannot transfer an inactive # to a new phone....they deactivated the old number when they gave the new one.  As before good luck trying any customer service. It's all automated when you call, with no option for a live person. The phone is good; the customer service is not.

This is ridiculous phone for this price. Triple minutes, 2 M camera and a video/audio recorder for less than any of the above. And it works.

This is pretty simple - I bought this phone, with &#34;Triple Minutes for Life,&#34; for only slightly more than what Trac charges for a &#34;Double Minutes for Life&#34; card. Hands down, that's a darn good deal.That said, this phone is not smart and does a terrible job even pretending.The touchscreen is resistive, like the card swipe kiosk at the supermarket; it isn't capacitive, like every touchscreen phone you're thinking you might like to own. This resistive screen, which is tiny, is very difficult to use quickly and accurately, as you really need to press your finger flat down to get a good read, by which time you've missed your mark.While the phone has a web browser, it is WAP based, not true IP based like the browser on iPhone or Android. This means essentially any modern website you enjoy using is crippled to the point of being essentially unavailable. The browser is also disgustingly slow. Slowness might be forgiven under the circumstances of such a cheap phone - except that Trac charges you not by data consumed, as every other mobile company would do, but by the time you spend with the web browser open. Since the browser is slow, and may take a minute to load a web page that turns out to be unusable, you're just throwing your minutes away every time you open the browser. I've taken to just writing a note to myself and waiting til I get home. It takes pure desperation for me to use the web on this phone now.The phone plays MP3s, but the player isn't well organized and has poor management options, and the audio quality produced by the hardware is low. So forget that part too.You can play some very dull preinstalled Java games circa 2004, or pay about half-a-month's worth of minutes to download more. Erase that form your mind too.So why on earth would you buy this phone?It makes phone calls, and receives them. Wow. I know. But the key here is that you can have a phone in your pocket that will cost you only about 10 cents per minute. With a year's worth of service for just over one hundred smackers netting nearly 1500 minutes, this is as good as it gets. If you are on a tight budget, as I am, and don't really talk on the cell phone except to keep family posted on your whereabouts, this phone might only cost you those hundred smackers annually and nothing more.Ah, now you are starting to understand. One hundred smackers a year versus that what... five or six hundred through other plans? I remember a time when I didn't &#34;need&#34; a cell phone. It was easy to give up the bells and whistles to save that much money.Thank you and good night.

Tracfone has been my phone. I tell all my friends about the great service that I get. I pay my way an that's all too it.

I have had this phone for a year now. At first I liked it, but now its a POS. Aways when you get a level or two deep it is non respondsive, especialy the numbers list and text messaging. try and reply to a text and it won't let you enter any text! have to back out and start a new text message, very frustating. does it warn you that your in box is  about full? no. so you don't recieve any texts until you delete some.use it to record a ring tone and try and use it and it tells you format not supported,wtf.this phone is so frustating I've thrown it at floor and wall 4 times now, dang it still works.this thing is a  POS, stay away.

this so far has been a very good purchase. the sound quality is good and the signal strength is very good. the touch screen seems to work just fine. it seems a lot of people were having trouble texting with this phone as did I. as usual the Manuel you get is just a little better than nothing at all. when I entered the phone numbers in my contact list I did enter the area code for each number. that was my mistake. to make a call locally you don't have to use the area code but to send a text the area MUST be entered. after I found this out I had no problems at all sending a text message. over all I'm very pleased with this phone. and you just can't get better service than with Amazon.

I was expecting a smartphone with full app capability. I received a feature phone which can support a few Java apps. My next upgrade is going to be smarter than this proprietary OS turd.

does just what it says can do, wish it had a few more options but was not the highes priced unit. so i am happy with it

Not sure if I would recommend this phone, maybe it is just me every though I have had it for several weeks I am not comfortable with it, I don't think the instruction manuel was sufficient enough.  I'm just not sure, ask me later

I specifically bought it for my sister to call home (international), but it took 3 phone calls to the 1 800 number to try and set it up - frustrating!  I finally did it myself online (after she'd returned!).  It's got a lot of features I don't really need or intend to use, but no contract AND triple minutes for life, so that's a bonus = WIN/WIN.

I love the phone and the contractless pay plan. The phone is very cool. I am new to the texting and I mostly hate it but, there is a handwriting feature where you write with your finger nail and the text automatically figures it out for you!! I use a stylus or anything with a dull point. Thanks it's a blessing and fun too!

A reasonably priced smart phone to use with my Tracfone account. Connection with the web is slow if you like speed. I rarely get on the net so it's not a serious fault for me. The blue tooth makes it easy to upload or download files. Photos are good. Simple to use and the screen is big enough for easy viewing. Nice size phone.

We just bought & set up 2 of these phones, upgrading from a 4 yr old LG240 & Motorola W317. Great little phone, brings us into the modern world! Took a whale to set up service but Tracfone CS Reps were very responsive & helpful. We were able to transfer our old numbers to the new phones & set up voice mail after some work. Then it took another day or so to transfer music files & pix to the new phones (hint-quicker to transfer files to memory card via PC than bluetooth files to the phone. Not having a cable, I used my card reader to transfer files & that worked just fine & was pretty quick). VERY COOL! Now I can show our vacation pix to ppl & carry the little phone around listening to tunes, like a little Ipod! The only REALLY SUCKY thing is the stupid lock that appears when trying to access voice mail THAT WILL NOT GO AWAY!!! The only remedy for this is to hold a finger close to the on/off button on the top right of the phone, pressing the on/off button unlocks it quicker than trying to use the touch unlock feature. Also not as good reception where we live as the old LG phone-which had 4 bars, here we get 2 bars on ROAM only in the kitchen, the rest of our house has no reception. Hopefully any missed calls will go to voice mail! Other than that, we are very happy w/these phones & can't wait til Tracfone comes out w/one of those fully smart phones w/better reception for those of us that live in rural areas. We are not big cell phone callers/texters so the Tracfone plan W/TRIPLE MINUTES FOR LIFE is the BEST deal out there. My husbands old Tracfone costs us about $100.00/YEAR while mine runs about $150.00/year (our old phones had DOUBLE MINUTES FOR LIFE)Tutorial can be found here:[...]And a web forum that is also helpful is here:[...]

This is like my tenth TracPhone (over a many year period), and I think the best of the bunch. The instuctions for it leave a lot of room for misunderstanding, but there are plenty of on line manuals and internactive tutors and such. One thing you might want to know however is this is not an andorid phone. The apps for this are kind of limited.,

I ALREADY HAVE THIS ITEM AND I LOVED IT SO MUCH I BOUGHT MY MOM THIS ONE .  I LOVE ALL THE OPTIONS IT HAS TEXTING , INTERENT , GAMES , MUSIC LOVE IT

the phone arrived on time and all went well with the activate process. I am trying to set up the voice mail section of using the phone, cant say thats been easy, but its probably operator error.  I like the phone, it works better than my old one.. thanks

This phone is not for the people that I see that seem to be glued to their phone everywhere they go. I wanted an inexpensive phone with an inexpensive plan and this fills the bill exactly. Most of the time this phone sits in my car in case I encounter an emergency of some kind. The only time I carry it is once/week when I go hiking with my daughter, so that I can keep in touch with my wife as needed. I bought the cheapest Pay As You Go plan which gives me 90 days of service and 60 minutes for $20. With this particular model I also get triple minutes. When I activated the phone I was expecting to get 90 days of service but as a new custome they gave me 150 days. Activating the phone, getting a new number and registering the phone was very simple and carried out without even talking to a live person. The phone has a lot of features that I will never use but it fills my needs exactly - what more can you ask for at a price of $6.66/month. I also bought the phone at Tracfone's website, it was refurbished and cost me $5. Refurbished doesn't mean it has been repaired, it likely means that they just want to get rid of them. It comes with a 1yr warranty and looks brand new. I have had it now for 2 months.

Works great and love the availability to add a micro card and be able to store all your favorite music and use it as aMP3-player. If you lose it or it is stolen just call Tracfone  and they will move your days and minutes to your new phoneso the cost for this triple minute phone per year,at least for some people, is $78.

I shopped around on various site and stores but this phone with its triple minutes for life the best deal.

I have read several reviews written by people who have had a lot of trouble with setting up and using this phone.  I just wanted to comment that I had no problems switching from my flip phone to this touch screen.  My minutes and service time transferred quickly (within an hour) plus I received another 60 days of service.  I did it all online and just followed the directions.  I found it quite easy to navigate around the phone without having to delve into the instruction manual.  Plus, you can't beat the deal from Amazon...I paid $19.99 with triple minutes for the life of the phone and I see the price is now even less.  Granted it is no longer what one would call the "top of the line" phone but it suits my purpose.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because I have no interest in downloading apps or playing games or checking my email, so I don't know how well those features work.  But for sending and receiving calls and text messages, it works great!

worst phone ever. don't waist you time. screen sux, camera sux, reception sux. move along, there's nothing to see here.

The phone works well, but trying to set up voice mail is nearly impossible.  The phone locks up almost immediatly, not allowing enough tme to add a message.

This phone is an upgrade from the flip phone I used for many years.  It has many new features which will take a bit of getting used to.  The only thing I don't like is the touch screen texting pad.  I find it more difficult to use than the buttons.  It also does not hold a charge for as long as the flip phone does.  But all in all, an okay phone.

This phone has saved me a bundle of money and it is the right replacement of my old AT&T flip phone that cost me four times as much as my Tracfone does.

Phone arrived in 2 days, while the accessories trickled in over the course of about 5-6 days.  I ordered the 4GIG SD memory card only to find out it didn't work in my phone.  I ordered the 2G and that worked fine.  Not sure why the 4 didn't work since so many others have stated theirs did.  I transferred my existing minutes from my older TF online rather than calling customer support, and those units showed up on the LG 800 in about 10 minutes. Had no issues with the transfer what so ever, just be sure you follow the instructions and type in the correct numbers given during the transfer process.  I seem to recall from years ago if you do your transfers via the web as opposed to customer support, the minutes and number are ported over much faster than using customer support.  I guess it's their way of encouraging the use of the web in order to free up CS for bigger issues.I like the look and feel of the phone, but considering I was upgrading from a Motorola C155...you could have put sprinkles on a turd and I would have been impressed.  The touch screen sensitivity is a non issue for me.  I had read another review online that if you use the tip of a pen or pencil when calibrating the touch screen, the results were much improved.  I went that route and find the sensitivity to be just fine.  The default look of the display is a bit childish looking, but you can quickly change the appearance to a more "adult" looking profile.  You can also upload your own photo and create the "desktop" of your choice.For those who want to use the security features, the default code on my phone was 0000.  After that, you are prompted to enter your new security code.  I like this feature and have mine set to lock immediately.  You can't access the main screen unless you know the security code.Overall, I'm very happy with this phone.  You can't beat the triple minutes and the price is outstanding.

I GOT this phone for my 13 year old son who has had bad luck with phones. This one has actually inspired me to research other touchscreens.

I know people are going to think this is crazy but I did not buy this to use as a phone.  I had one of these that I used as my personal phone but gave it to my 5 year old grand daughter to use as an mp3 player and both still and video camera when I got another model phone.  She loved it!!!  But her father was playing around with it trying to put a pin code for it and it got locked up and she could no longer access it.So when I saw this online at amazon for the price listed, I did not hesitate and bought it for her as a Christmas present.  We transferred the memory card I had in the other phone, downloaded her about 30 Christmas carols and she was good to go.  She loves taking still  pictures and videos with it, and with the 8gb memory card is able to take lots of both.  She plays with it constantly.  Where else can you buy an 8gb mp3 player, still and video camera for less than $10.  Plus it comes with a nice rubberized protective cover -- a necessity given how rough she sometimes is playing with it.

So far the phone looks good but I can't use it.  Had to call tracfone support because there was a problem with the phones activation.  I was told that the sim number was invalid.  It's a new phone that was still in the package not a used phone. So now I have to wait 3-5 days to receive a new sim card.  Next time instead of looking for a deal on a tracfone I'll pay a little more for one that works right out of the box.

This pone is great, plus it is made and manufactured in the USA.  I still have not used or discovered all that it does, but I am working on it.  I just wish the manual was a little eaiser to understand.  I t is really sad when my 9 year old grandson can work it better than me.

I bought a NoiseHush N450 Bluetooth headset that is supposed to work with LG cellphones. LG800g finds the device but does not put out a recognizable model number and name. Question:  is it the phone or the headset? I sure hope that I didn't put out good money for bad stuff!!

My wife and I have been using Net 10 for years now. We have been very happy with the service. We decided last November ('11) to replace our old phones (flip) with touch screen phones and purchased two of the LG800G phones. These are not fully smart phones; I say it is "semi-smart". The sound quality was awful, so we got Net 10 to replace them, which they did with absolutely no hassle. We didn't have to return the "bad" phones until we received our new ones. Well, the sound quality of the new phones is as bad as the old ones, so we are having to live with it temporarily. The touch screen is quirky: you touch a letter or number, you see it light up to indicate that you have touched it, and it gives you an adjoining character, not the one indicated. You get the Qwerty touch pad for texting (good), but for all other functions (entering contacts, entering calendar information, etc.) you have to use the T-9 touchpad, making you have to repeatedly touch a "button" to get to the letter you need.I have yet to get online with my phone (one of the reasons I got the phone). It tells me it is loading the page -- on & on & on & on -- until I finally give up in disgust. Also, when trying to place calls, I go to my contacts screen, scroll to the name I want, touch the "dial" emblem, and the screen jumps to another part of my contacts list rather than dialing. And it will do this repeatedly before finally putting the call through. I have taken a number of pictures and short videos with my phone(the memory is full now) but the phone won't let me email them to my computer because I have insufficient memory. My wife wants to change to another phone like the LG500G with the slide out keypad. This is our first experience with LG phones and I am leery of trying another LG, since we have had so much trouble with these. I would like a larger screen and a qwerty keypad for all text entry. We both are getting the $25/750 Minutes monthly plan, which gives us way more minutes than we use. If I get a "smart" phone, Net 10 requires that I have the $50/Unlimited Minutes monthly plan, which is overkill in my case. I don't know what phones we will get, but we are definitely getting rid of the LG800G phones!

I received the product in a timely fashion. It worked and was exactly as the picture showed. I was satisfied with the purchase. However, DO NOT expect it to work like a smart phone or you will be very unhappy. I am a man with man fingers and find it hard to txt without bumping the wrong keypad button. Moving screens is sluggish. You get what you pay for and for the price it's an OK phone. Be sure to put a piece of clear shield on the screen to protect it from scratches," it will get scratched if you don't". You will most likely have to cut a piece to fit yourself as I did cause no one makes a custom piece for that phone.

Phone looks good & is good size but the features are complicated, not user friendly.I never could get the contacts programmed even with the help of different Tracfone technicians.Never able to utilize the phone.  Tracfone finally replaced with a more usable & friendly model.

I purchased this phone for my son and he loves it!  He says it's easier to use and loves the triple minutes value.

800G is a disappointment to me.  Clumsy interface and no speaker.  I would not buy this again.  Clumsy web interface as well.

Perhaps it is my phone, perhaps my fingers, perhaps the programming, but this phone has not been acceptable.  The touch screen responds to my touch, but does not do what it should too often.  I have to make multiple attempts to get it to work.  I am tired of this phone and regret having purchased this one rather than another that also uses a memory card.  I was hoping for better.

What else can you expect from a $15 phone. It runs calls texts, in all it works!! Its a keeper

We wanted to use this phone mainly for texting...  IMPOSSIBLE>it is not current touch screen technology, but rather the oldblackberry storm pressure touch, and it repeatedly inputsincorrect letters.  if you want to use this only for basicphone calls, it may be fine for that.  it's no good for texting.we had to return it.

My husband and I were getting out of a sprint contract. We were using lg fusic flip phones and wanted to go with a no contract plan and upgrade to a little more modern phones. This one seems to suit my husband well. He loves the touch screen qwerty keyboard as he struggles with texting. Reception has been great so far. My father has used tracfone for years and loves it. He got this phone and we were able to play with it alittle so we knew it would be a good fit. Pretty user friendly.

This phone works great as advertized. It is easy to navigate through the menus and set up for personal access. I wish it was available for more cell carriers.

I love this track phone!  All calls are clear and loud.  I have called all the way out to California with no problem or feed back!

The first phone I got did not work, so another was sent,  They sent a recycled one...  but it works!  Getting it set up was a hassel, hope it goes smoothly now.  One of my goals was to have photo and music on the phone so I got a extra memory card.  I wish it had been noted the card to get as I had to try and error...

This phone exceeded my expectations. The standby battery life is excellent. It has a bright display that can be viewed in almost any outdoor setting. The only problem I have encountered is the skimpy user manual that doesn't cover basic functions adequately or even at all. I don't care for the fixed location of the browser icon - right where your right thumb would normally be placed holding the phone. It's makes it too easy to log on the internet (wasting minutes)by mistake.

I purchased this for my nephew and so far he is satistied with it. It works well for a teenager. The trip minutes are a big plus.

Excellent shipping time from seller.  I upgraded from a Samsung T301, to the LG800g, and have been pleased with the change; a little problem transferring minutes from the old to new one, but after speaking to a very nice lady, in Belize, everything worked out fine.  Have no problem staying with TracFone, in the future....JimMc

It is a good phone, has sufficient volume on the speaker, and is easy to read on the screen. We don't use the phone very often, so the price was definitely RIGHT.

I have used this phone for a year.  Definitely easier to text with this phone than with a flip phone - you get a full digital QWERTY keyboard.  But for entering contacts, you STILL have to use the keypad with "abc" "def" etc, so it takes forever to add info.  You can do some web browsing -- you can download some apps, such as google maps.  And I used my phone to look things up on the web occasionally (such as a phone number or address of a restaurant), but it is a difficult interface to read and scroll (as compared to a smartphone).  Some things that really annoyed me about this phone:  the on/off button on top did not work well, even when the phone was brand new, so I mostly left it on all the time.  If I turned it off in a movie theater or whatever, I would have to press the on/off button multiple times to get the phone to turn off and then the same to turn it on again; sometimes I would even have to remove the battery and put it back in before I could get the phone to turn back on.  Such a pain.  And then after using it for a few months, it started turning off by itself!  So I would go for hours thinking my phone was on, then get it out to make a call and find that it was off (unknowingly missing calls and texts).  And then, as I mentioned, it was not easy to get it back on.  And even though I don't use my phone much, after a year of light use, the battery completely drains within a day or so even when it is mostly on standby, so I have to recharge it a lot.  Finally, when I received a text, I often did not even notice because the phone gives off one quiet beep and that's it. No repeat, just one little beep.  I found no way to adjust the text alert volume (the call ring volume can be easily adjusted with buttons on the side of the phone).  So I was missing a lot of texts - not finding them until hours after the fact, which was pretty annoying, and even made me miss out on things.  This is a decent phone for the price, but something like the on/off switch is a basic thing that should work on even the most simple phone.

Has everything I need.  I don't need a lot of minutes or a fancy camera.  I use my phone for emergencies.

I bought it for the triple minuets, & the fact that touch screen makes it very hard to accidentally pocket dial the mobile web, unlike the LG-500 that I had before. I also noticed that it has very good sound quality even in noisy environment. The touch screen sensitivity leaves something to be desired, but it does work. I like it. Its also a pretty decent MP3 player.

serves every purpose I needed it for, phone text camera mp3,with the expanded 4GB sd card it really holds alot of music and Photos.just be aware theres no flash on the camera so you do need to be in good light.

I wish i had bought any other phone but this one. The camera is really bad-touchscreen really bad.  Save your money.The phone lacks alot.

This review is only about the process of transferring minutes from my previous Tracfone.Tracfone has a semi-automated system for transferring minutes from your current Tracfone. It's not automated for you (you have to enter special codes into the phone and type in the results to a web page), but at least you don't have to talk to a customer service agent.Unfortunately, it sometimes does not work properly. In my case, I had over 2400 minutes on my phone, but the code entry process said I had only 140.So I called Tracfone customer support. They predicted a wait of over thirty minutes, so I accepted their offer to have them call me back. That is a nice feature.When the customer service representative called, the first thing he did was have me repeat the code entry process that I had already performed to determine the number of minutes. Needless to day, the result was the same, and he confidently announced that he would transfer 140 minutes to my new phone. I objected, and he said he would have to check with another department to verify my claim of 2400+ minutes. This took about 20 minutes!Finally, he said that he was authorized to transfer a certain number of minutes, which was 15 minutes less than it should have been. I decided not to argue at that point, since he seemed unable to do more. The actual transfer took about 5 or 10 minutes more. At all times, the customer service agent was polite. I have no complaints there.The next day I used the Tracfone web site to send email in which I complained about the missing 15 minutes. I think they tried to call me, but I was not available, so they sent email asking me to call customer service. I did not want to do that, so I replied in email asking for the 15 minutes. A day or so later, I received confirmation that the 15 minutes was added to my new phone.

T READ THE REVIEWS ON THIS PHONE AND MOST WERE PRETTY GOOD!!! A FEW WARNED THAT THE BATTERY HAD A LOW LIFE ~~~~ I SHOULD HAVE LISTENED!!!I CAN FULLY CHARGE THE PHONE:UNPLIG IT ABOUT AN HOUR AND WITHOUT EVEN USING THE PHONE IT LOOSES 1/3 OF IT BATTERY POWER... THIS IS THE SECOIND PHONE I HAVE TRIED.. THE FIRST ONE HAD A QUATERY SO SMALL I COULDNT READ IT EVEN WITH MY READING GLASSES ON SO I RETURNED IT FOR THE SAMSUNG LG800 AND STILL HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THIS OPHONE.. I WOULD RATHER SPEND MORE MONEY AND GET A GOOD PHONE THAT A BATTERY THAT HOLDS A BETTER CHARGE THAN THIS ONE.. DONT THINK I CAN RETURN IT SO IM STUCK WITH A CRAPPY CELL PHONE~~~~AGAIN~~~~~

It works very well and have good features this can be great for kids first phone.I love it easy to use.

great phone cant beat it dont need a plan dont need a contract this is what i need touch screen is great phone service is there when i need it internet is even fast cheap mans iphone

repeat purchase to do good functions I need at civilized price I can control; will continue to pleasantly depend on this

When initially reviewing this phone, I read very few low ratings, but many high ratings.  After receiving the phone, I was surprised that neither my wife or I realized this phone does not have a QWERTY keypad.  The touch screen definitely leaves something to be desired, but for my kids, it should work fine.  The touch screen keypad is just like a normal phone keypad -- not conducive for long text messages.  after many calls with customer service of TRACFONE, my phone still does not work.  I verified on-line with Tracfone before purchase, this phone would work in my area.  First call to Tracfone, they said it would take 1-2 hours.  After waiting overnight, I called customer service back the next day.  This time they said it would take 3-4 days for the phone to activate.  After waiting the required time, I called them back only to find out they needed to send me out a new sim card.  After replacing the old sim card with the one they sent -- my phone still does not work.  Calling them again, revealed the sim card they sent me is not valid in my area.  They will be sending another sim card.I really like this phone for my kids -- if Tracfone can ever get this phone to work.

This phone has many useful features and getting triple minutes for life is a deal. Consider buying a gel or rubbler sleeve for the phone so that dropping the slick little bugger is less likely.

I purchased this phone after having used Tracfone for several years. At first I was happy with the phone, however, after only a year of use the screen stopped working; the phone would turn on, but the screen wouldn't work. When I called Tracfone to transfer my 200+ minutes their representative told me that my phone didn't have any minutes (which is a lie). I have sent a complaint to Tracfone online, but I don't expect a response...don't waste your money on this phone!

This phone is very nice. The triple minutes makes it a great deal. You can connect to the internet, play games, and many other features.

The slidescreen is difficult to use on some screens. With contacts there is no control. You will be choosing the wrong contact the screen is so sensitive. Camera is O.K.  Better than my other tracfone. Been with tracfone a long time. Still would not change. Like the triple minutes.

I upgrades my safelink cheap phone to this triple min phone . works and sounds really good I recommend it for anyone and you can not beat this price

The phone works great and is just what my daughter wanted.  Tracfone has been an excellent service for our family for years.  Coverage is great with no dropouts.

I just love this phone.  The screen is really big and can read contacts very well.  Easy to learn all the features, too.  I get really good signals everywhere. Has quite a few ringtones to choose from. The only downfall I did see is the few choices of default pictures for the wallpaper background.  Of course, all you need to do is take pictures of the things you like and put that on the phone.  I also bought a couple of hard cover cases that adds color and design.  That really personalized the phone, too. The price is over half what you would pay at Walmart or TracFone.  A exceptional buy.

I was not happy with this phone......the screen broke.

I upgraded from another tracfone to this one.  I never had any problems with the old phone.  I activated the phone and it wouldn't make any calls.  I spent an hour with customer support and they finally decided I needed a new sim card.  I don't have the new sim card yet.  I hope that works and I don't waste another hour of my life.  This phone is not worth the time and effort.

beautiful color, fits great.very happy with my phone and cover.  all the proudcus were as advertized. got a great deal.

I love this phone it is my first touch screen phone and i just love the touch screen to dial a phone number it is so cool and i bought other stuff for my phone too the case, car charger, and a pretty face cover to go on my new touch screen phone. I love this phone

This is a great deal for people who have an aversion to using cell phones but like to carry and use it for emergency situations. Tracfone has some great contract deals for users like me - I've been with them for several years.

Sometimes the phone works okay, other times not so much. Anytime I try to do web browsing, the phone freezes up and ends up charging me a bunch of minutes. The battery is not easy to pull either, I had to find a key or something thin/flat to pry it out so it would stop wasting my minutes when frozen. Usually when I try to wake the phone up, just to see what time it is, it works, but lately it either doesn't respond at all or takes 30+ seconds for the lock screen to come up.This phone is very difficult to text on. I am significantly slower than with my old phone which had the regular keypad. It's really easy to accidentally hit the wrong keys or have the phone not register all of your keystrokes. I have owned an iPod touch, so was used to Apple's touchscreen, but knew this phone would not be as nice of an experience. It's still just very disappointing that it's so difficult to usel. I bought it originally because of the triple minutes and that is very nice, but overall would not recommend the phone to anyone else because it is not easy to use and has several issues.

first off information on this phone is hard to come by.  the service manual does not cover using the keyboard or calendar, I had to go to another site for help on the keyboard and am still attempting to find out info on the calendar.  The phone itself, the back does not fit well (I had already ordered a gel case that corrected this).  Some of the apps have to downloaded directly to the phone, you cannot download to your computer and then download to the phone, so yes virginia, you will need to get a usb cable.  They give you 20 minutes and you will probably need them all just to set the phone up.  Voice mail is another story entirely.  I have probably as much tech skill as the next guy and this is a more complex phone than you might think.  I ordered a samsung and will keep the best, which probably will not be the LG

I live in a rural area that has limited reception. I had the understanding that this phone would piggyback off of available towers. Not so. It will literally take from hours to days to receive messages and texts. I'm frequently left with the "emergency only calls" warning one moment and then all works OK - or not. In all, I would definitely NOT recommend this terrible phone. That said, if you live in a city setting, it might be fine.Update 01/12/14 - I've since stopped using this phone and have gone for a no contract Verizon that works flawlessly and doesn't have me contemplating launching it into the woods nearly every time I use it like the LG800 used to.

This is a real upgrade from my very old cell-phone and I am excited about the features. However the user's manual could use some real help.  Some things are intuitive, but not all, and the manual seems to leave out a lot of information, assuming the user already has experience with similar cell phones

DO NOT put anything important on this phone, you will end up losing everything! The touch screen doesn't work so you can't get into anything, or when you press on one of the icons it goes to another icon.  I hate this phone so much, and pissed that I wasted $ on it. Also reception is terrible and you miss calls.  Someone called me and said he got a message that the phone wasn't working.  I didn't even know he called!!! It is an unreliable piece of garbage! Customer service is no help and laughable.If you're cheap, want to waste money, have tons of hassles, go ahead and get this phone, otherwise STAY FAR AWAY!!!!

I REPLACED MY MOTOROLLA FLIP PHONE TO THIS ONE, AND I LOVE IT.... LOVE THE TOUCH SCREEN AND THE MANY RING TONES IT HAS...IT IS A GREAT PHONE...JUST LOVE IT ..I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE ..IS CLOSE TO AN I PHONE TO ME ...FOR THE PRICE I PAID CANT GO WRONG $18 AND CHANGE....IT WAS DELIVERED FAST I GOT IT IN 2 DAYS FROM ORDERING

I use a cell phone daily and this lil device works great for my gram but did very poorly with the younger crowed like my sister ty

I love my new lg 800. I love how clear the sound is, and how fast I can get to what I need. I used an old motorola for about seven years, so of course this phone is like gold to me.

its touch screen it hard to operate, but the phone is real good and reliable. it even plays music from an sd card.

I bought it for my mom but after I got it I wasn't sure she would be able to touch type on the screen. My 9 yr old grandson had an older one so I traded it out with him.  He now feels like he's one of the big kids with a smart phone and can't beat the price or cost of minutes.  This about the 4th tracfone model that we've had and they've all been great for what we need them for.

As another reviewer stated, it's a poor mans smart phone. While it isn't that smart, it will get the job done. The best thing I can say about this phone is the triple minutes for life.  LG uses a proprietary software, so you can find apps for it, but not as many as you'll find for phones with other operating systems. The phones screen is not as responsive as other touch screen phones and it lacks some of the amenities that other pay-as-you-go phones have such as a dedicated email client. Having gone through 3 of these phones, I can tell you that for whatever reason, it's going to freeze and reboot at some point, hopefully while you're not in the middle of something important.If I had it to do over again, I would seriously look at the Motorola EX124g. It seems to have everything that LG forgot to do with the 800G, such as a dedicated email client, a 3MP camera as opposed to a 2MP, a more responsive touch screen, an included stylus and support for an 8GB memory card as opposed to the LG's 4GB.

I bought this to use as a cheap alternative to an iphone, which I have happily used in the past. Unlike the iphone, which seems to be pretty intuitive in terms of use and function, I have to keep going to the online tutorials for help. The online tutorials are good, but I sure wish I didn't need them. It just seems like everything I need to do is NOT intuitive and requires touching various keys, but one wouldn't know which keys without instruction. I find it very frustrating; if you're looking for well thought out design and function, this is NOT your phone. I can't wait til I can afford another iphone contract!

I am very impressed with this phone, the triple minutes for life are awesome! And although it took some time to get used to how this phone operates, I like it very much! It's a great steal, I bought 200 minutes with 120 airtime days on Walmart.com for about $40 which turned into 600 minutes because of the triple minutes. The phone arrived much sooner than expected as well, I'm happy with my order!

I would recommend this product.  It has plenty of features for those who are not looking for complicated technology and great benefits through the TracFone cell phone service.  Thanks!!

I order this phone on Monday 19,2012 and recieved on Wenseday 21,2012. That was fast great service. I've been looking for a touchscreen phone at a reasonable price and found one finally. Love the phone it works well..Thanks:)

Now available reconditioned for $5 on TracFone's site!Rating not valid ( have only had the phone 2 days so I really have no opinion as of yet!) But needed to rate it to get this posted.

Original Sim card was bad.  After Tracfonce sent a new one, works perfect.  Saves me $$$$$, versus regular cheapest Verizon plan.

Smaller than I thought it would be.  I feel like I'm punching the phone with my fingers before it recognizes my touch.  I guess it was $20, so you get what you pay for?

I have used this phone company for years. Hardly use a cell phone only for emergencies. The touch screen on this phone makes text messaging simple, about as easy as my iPod. Triple minutes is a large plus. It has a nice small size to it, and it's very simple to use for anyone familiar with touch screens.

I bought this to upgrade from my previous Tracfone.  It is everything I expected and works perfectly.  I purchased it with the 4Gb memory stick.  The quality of the LG hardware is excellent.

Love the phone and my wife does too. Tripple minutes is awesome and this is by far the best phone ive ever owned.

tracfone has preformed very well and the triple minutes was a big plus. Enjoying it very much.Have told my friends about it.

DO NOT BUY!!! The SIM card in my phone is NOT the SIM card registered to the phone. Now I have to wait 3 - 5 business days to get a new SIM card or buy a new phone and have my information transferred. I ported my number from a land line that I've had forever, and I'd better not lose it!!! What upsets me even more is that I use this phone number for my business. I can't go for a week without my business phone!!! All I wanted to do was transfer my number so I could take my business phone with me when I'm out of the office. Didn't expect it to be such a headache!!!

I really like this touchscreen phone. Have used the prepaid cell now for over 4 years. We do not need the monthly fees as we are not out and about like many users. It was easy to transfer to this new phone with the help of support. They transferred our minutes and number. Very professional. Recommend.

The phone is well made for the money. I had nothing but trouble trying to get it activated. It took over a month since the sim card you get with the phone was not for our area so I had to get two more sim cards till I finally got one that worked for me.

Could you get android apps on it i hope because so far i really want to get it it seems amazing...

Good phone, inexpensive and it has triple minutes for life which is great. I would recommend this phone to any one looking for a non-contract phone

This phone may look like a good deal for people like me who don't need a lot of minutes, but want certain options and don't want to look ancient at work. Plus, you have to go independent to get Java apps, and Tracfone punishes you in a major way for using every app, even Solitaire. Well, this phone came with at least 5 major disfunctions that required tech support from Skip or Chip or Brittany in India. First, you have to be interrogated by customer support with basics you knew 10 years ago. Then, you're told, well, it looks like your phone is malfunctioning and will require tech support, please hold while I transfer your call...duh...I've had enough problems with this phone that I am pretty fed up. Apparently so is Tracfone-Ashley. She told me that the Auto-lock function on my phone was never supposed to work, that I was never supposed to have any options, that it is always supposed to lock whenever I make a call. I asked her why she thought the LG people put options there under auto-lock (ranging between 60 seconds and NEVER) and she said the phone is supposed to lock to prevent your cheek from damaging the phone, touch phones are so "sensitive" (in her Ashley-India accent). She didn't understand why I am tired of getting bumped off  automated phone lines because I run out of time after pressing the lock button, then the dial pad button, then the dial code, if I can remember the option by then.So, a plain old phone seems pretty good right now.And, someone needs to tell India about American names like Betty Sue and Bobbie Jo, or Tamreka or Aretha...that would be fun.

I'm Canadian and bought this to use while visiting US.  I have to dial a separate # for int'l calls and then the operator prompts you to enter the Cdn #.  The number pad disappears so it's extremely frustrating to use when you are prompted for any responses.I googled and others are having the same problem.

I like the phone pretty good but I do have problems with the phone service. Although I don't know if it's the phone or just tracfone not working right. It doesn't keep a charge very long. It's alright

The triple minutes for the price is great.  I like the size of it not too bulky. I use it for personal use so the minutes work great.  Would recommend to anyone who doesnot want to sign up for plan.ThanksMickie Monagle

This phone brought my Husband into the 21st century.  I can now reach him if I need towhen he's not home.Thanks

nice little phone with very poor instructions ,I have icons displayed that I have no idea what they mean or how to remove ,one place asks when you want it to lock out 10 secs 30 secs 60 secs never I chose never , it still locks out making it hard to get to key pad in time to enter input ,it's a piece of not goodness!

The phone works great in all areas I've been in.  The camera is of good quality.  All features are easy to use.  Also, love the triple minute feature.

I purchased the LG800 as an upgrade from the LG500 and use it just for making calls and texting. It is certainly easier to text on the LG800 and to make calls using the dial pad. I find that battery charging is required more often, from once a week to twice weekly. I think it is hard to beat the price for what you get. I did make the mistake of using overnight shipping - I do not believe I really understood shipping options when the order was placed.

I am astonished that some people are trashing this $12 (postpaid) giveaway. The LG 800G is so cheap that it might as well be free. I don't even use it as a phone, except for calling 911, which costs nothing (it doesn't have to be activated to do that.) I use the 800G to record videos, take pictures, record audio, play games, tell time, set an alarm, and do about a thousand other neat tricks. Instructions are sorely lacking for this slick gadget, so learning how to use it can be aggravating. You will need to surf the Net for better instructions than are included. To recap, for $12 postpaid you get an emergency (911) phone, camera, voice recorder, camcorder, game machine, music player, image editor, calendar, alarm, clock, calculator, and many other gizmos built into one. BUY IT, IT COSTS A WHOPPING $12 COUNTING SHIPPING! It is worth many times that amount for the video recorder alone, which produces surprisingly decent quality videos, which you can even upload to Youtube! What else can you buy for $12 that is so much fun? This gadget would have cost $10,000 just 15 years ago. Like all cell phones, the 800G is somewhat fragile, so use care when handling it.

Bought this phone for my wife, she really likes the features and it came with triple minutes. So far so good!!

I have been a tracfone customer for over 10 years and while their customer service has never been stellar, it's been fine...that is until now. In the past I have bought replacement phones and transferred the phone number and prepaid minutes, usually without incidence. Every once in a while I would have to call Customer Service and they could fix the problem or send a new sim card. Over the years it was getting harder to get to a &#34;real&#34; person, but tracfone has now made it impossible.I bought this phone to replace my husband's worn out one. I went to my tracfone account and did the transfer. Everything looked like it was going fine until I got to the last page. Then I get an error occurred message and to call tracfone, with their number posted. I called and got a message that they could not do anything as a request was already being processed for the phone, to leave the phone on and call back in 15 minutes if the phone wasn't working. Of course 15 minutes passed and nothing so I call again, figuring now I would get a real person, but no, I get the same message. This went on for 2 days. I tried everything to get a person: not pressing any buttons, pressing numerous buttons, trying other departments, nothing. I go back online and see there are &#34;updates pending&#34;. Basically, I had to reprogram the phone, yet, it still wouldn't work. The new phone showed that the phone number, minutes and activation dates all transferred but still wouldn't allow any incoming or outgoing calls or messages, emergency phone calls only.Tried tracfone again.Same song and dance. Went to their website to see where to complain and found a support forum where others were having the same problem. I posted and a tracfone employee contacted me and still wouldn't let me talk to a &#34;real&#34; person on the phone, had to go to a private chat room through a private link. Well this employee couldn't help me either as tracfone showed, on their end, that the phone was working. So I finally got another phone number to call to get a real person and was given an access code to be able to get a real person.So I call and after being on the phone for an hour checking everything, they were stumped and was told to call back the next day as I had to talk to another department that wasn't open at the time. Called the next day, and didn't get to talk to the other dept. because this customer service rep told me I'd need a new sim card and I would have it in 2-3 days. That was 10 days ago and still no sim card, no service, nothing.Tracfone's service is fine. However, if you ever need customer service, forget it. When the next tracfone needs to be replaced, I will look to another prepaid company, as this is not worth the hassle. I can no longer recommend tracfone.

This product will not work, 4 calls to Tracfone and they cannot even figure it out.This is the 3rd LG800 that purchased as Christmas gifts, The first to were from Wally World and worked great,This phone was 20 bucks cheaper but not 20 bucks saved!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!What a waste of time and money

I like the size compared to my flip LG. Easy to see, has tinny sounding speaker and so far we haven't been able to figur out how to add APS?  It's a tough unit as I have dropped it several times with out it flying apart like several of my past phones.

I didn't want to rate this before using it for a couple of months and this phone meets all my needs!  I really only use it for emergency purposes so it took a while to figure stuff out, but I find it well worth my money.  As in anything you buy, especially electronical devices, practice....practice....practice.  The more you use it the better you will get.

This is a good cell phone. I hardly use mine though, ever. Nice little features along with the nice touch screen. I dropped my first one in the toilet and bought another. The first one had a year service and 400 minutes with tripple minutes for life for a very reasonable price on Amazon. This replacemen was very well priced just for the phone by itself. I transferred my minutes, service time and number from dead phone to new one with no problems from tracphone. It is always better to call though and do it rather than online, IMO. Good buy for me. Worth the money.

The tracfone &#34;had not been properly scanned&#34; at checkout soTracfone did not recognize it and would not activate it.I got the shaft.

The LG 800G is a great phone and very easy to use. This phone does everything I need it to do and at a great price. I am completely satisfied  with my new phone. The phone shipped promptly and I received it in perfect condition. James Black

Great working product. Phone has triple minutes. Phone came with 1,000 minutes. I did not expect that. I was pleased with the extra minutes because the phone would accidentally turn the internet on when I first received it. Just be careful and learn about your product. I had to learn how to have the screen lock up faster to avoid the internet key from getting pressed. I have had the phone for about 5 months now, and the only problem I have encountered is my off switch taking a long time to respond, and my screen has only locked up a few times. I tend to just recalibrate the screen but cannot tell if recalibrating screen will prevent the screen lock up just yet. Probably just timing? This is one of the best products Tracfone offers, and I am overall satisfied with my phone. I can watch movies, make and watch videos, transfer movies/videos/pictures back and forth from phone to computer. I love my phone. I wish I could afford an almighty internet surfer with unlimited minutes and a bigger screen, but until then, LG 800G will satisfy. You all need to try and work on a backing not so easy to pop off. All cell phones. Work on that please.

a bit slow. but it does what i need it to. i recommend you buy the latest version. that one is better. oh ya, tripled minutes rocks!

I got this because I needed a phone to contact my mom and others when I was out. I love that I can spend just $10 a month on my phone. If you plan on using more than 80 minutes a month than I wouldn't recommend it, but for occasional use it is a Godsend.Also, the service is spotty, but since the majority of my communication is through texts, that is no problem for me.

It does everything I need a phone to do and more. I've had this phone a while now and I still don't use all of the functions because I don't need a lot of doo-dads on my phone.  It tells the time, takes messages, has an alarm, has games, and a lot of other stuff.  It's easy to use, easy to charge up, small enough to fit into a pocket or purse, has a good display, and I like it immensely.

It doesn't come in everywhere. If you need something that will get you coverage anyplace, this one doesn't do it. It's okay if you always live in a city. But the 3 x phone numbers are pretty nice.

Turns off when out of range. Very hard to turn on. Have to take battery out and put back in

After a month my lg died 1 email to Amazon affilate got me in a few days a new phone and directions to transfer  minutes and numbers from tracfone.Replacement  works well, if you understand  it's limits, No Android or other fancy  system so internet is slow, as a cmera  it will send a photo fairly fast. 5 Stars if you  want  a cheap some what smart phone , 1 star if you are looking fo an i phone as almost NO apps exist.

The phone was ok but Tracfone service is the worst!You really need to be careful as they will take your money without permission and don't think of using it as a backup, the SIM will go unregistered and you will lose your money and minutes if not used quickly!Phone gets a B and Tracfone gets all F's!!!

Bought this for the triple minutes and for out 13yr old so we could contact him when away from home. Easy to use.

I did not get what I wanted which was the Samsung Galaxy ii BUT I did get what I Needed.  It fits me like a glove and within my budget as well.  I am very glad it worked out this way.  The phone is easy to read/use and clean.  Tracfone has come a long way since I used them last.  I always liked the phones they offer just not the way they calculated time.  I always felt cheated.  This phone however tracks your minutes and you always know how much time is left on you phone and when you need to buy more.  If you have minutes left over they carry over if you purchase more before you run out.  You can buy minutes at several places and online or on your phone.  I really like that.  The triple minutes for life will help cut the cost of having a portable cell.  I highly recommend this phone for use by adults or kids.

It regularly locks up and I have to remove the case I bought for it, open the battery cover, remove the battery, put it back in, restart the phone.  Other times if i wait long enough, it restarts itself or just starts working, but in the meantime I can't use it.  What good is it?  Also my wifes phone almost always has service when mine doesn't and hers is older and supposedly less advanced.

I've been a satisfied Tracfone customer for 3 years using an old Motorola 376G phone.  Thought it was time to upgrade so I purchased the LG800G (big mistake).  When trying to dial out I continously get an error message "emergency calls only".  Also can't recieve calls.  After 90min with Customer Service (India) taking the battery in & out, repowering the phone a dozen times, and attempts to reprogram it, they said they would ship another phone and I was to return the old phone - ok fine.  Eight days later nothing had arrived.  So I emailed Cust Serv.  They replyed no phone was coming & to call them again.  I called again & they wanted to spend another 90min reverifying the failure.  Additional phone problems include being told I have messages but not being able to retrieve them.  In summary, it's a throw away phone & I'm out $49 & very poor customer service.  I recommend you Google 'LG800G problems' before spending your money on this phone.

just right for me. very good value for the moneynot the latest or greatest and the touchscreen isn't the most sensitive,but it works fine for me.had one and I accidentally introduced it to the gulf of mexico.was happy that it was still available and I replaced it.

We have only ever used prepaid cell phones.  We don't like to have contracts.  I don't need a phone that does it all, so this one suits me fine.  I can text, and make calls and I love getting triple minutes.

I am very dissatisfied with this phone. I bought one in February of this year, and I tested it to make sure that it had coverage in the two main places I planned to use it, and on the drive in between, before I went ahead and bought my husband the same model, two months later. The coverage was worse in the SF Bay Area than it was up in Mendocino, but we kept our home landline, and the coverage up north was fantastic, so other than a couple of weird design issues (the screen locks very quickly when you're trying to retrieve voicemails, you can't download pictures, etc.), we were okay with the phones...until yesterday. When I tried to use the phone in Mendocino the last two days, I got three bars indicating I had coverage, but a "No Service" error message. Suddenly, we couldn't even send texts! My husband had the same problem, and a neighbor there did, too. I spent close to an hour on customer service, and they told me that my setup zip code was the only area where I could expect service! If I wanted to change the setup zip code to the Mendocino address, I would be required to accept a crummy "new" (no longer for sale) LG 501c phone that has double minutes instead of triple and a completely different design. I'm fighting that, as it is a total bait and switch, and I have a ton of data to transfer. They told me there is no coverage in Mendocino for my phone. I think they decided not to renew the contract with the signal provider there, and to go with a different one. I'm heading for 60, and I don't feel safe driving between these two places if I don't have decent coverage. I plan to make one more call, to the tech service center somewhere here in the US when they open in the morning, but I don't have high hopes. What a ripoff!Update: Having read the reviews for the two telephones they offered as a replacement for this one, I decided not to switch. Instead, I got a landline in Mendocino. I think that complete loss of an established service area should trigger a full refund, as well as a warning well ahead of time. I can see why the dumps are full of perfectly good but no longer useful phones.

Best Cell phone I have owned yet. Very easy ti set up and use. Recommend it for everyone. Best Buy out there.

I cannot seem to control it easily. It turns itself on and plays on the internet without my knowledge. SmartPhone? Well, it seems to be smarter than me! Turns itself on when I bend over!!! Or even lean over. Maybe it is the holder I got for it. More research needed. I actually wanted a better one and will get one soon so I can use some add-ons and plug in a credit card charger. This doesn't do that.

this  product  doe not  support  the  EXTERNAL  MEMORY  that it  claim  device  refuse  to load  the  mirco  sd card  even after been formated on the home computer  it  still do  not  work.I google  lg800g refuse to load  sd memory  and  found  a  lot  other  peoples  haveing  this  problem.i  starting  to  belive  that  this  is  a  defect because  when the  sd memory card  is  removed  the  phone memory icon  which read EXTERNAL  MEMORY  is  darken out  like  this feather  is  broken or  disable but  the  internal memory icon it bright and you  can click on it and  it work by  tell you how  much memory  it use and  how  much  left.i be  returning it  because  i  order it  just  for  my  videos

I used this phone for about 3 years before upgrading to one of the android tracfones.  This was a nice semi-smart phone, but my new android tracfone is far and away superior.  The best thing about this phone was that the phone reception always was excellent in my area and the cost of using a tracfone is dirt cheap compared to contract cell phones.  The worst aspects were that the touchscreen was not very precise, pictures in low light were totally dark and grainy, and the web browser was incredibly slow.

Cool phone

It's a good phone for it's money...i especially like the triple minutes for life...the only complaint i have is the touch screen doesn't work very well...you have to press really hard for it to work

The setup for this phone was pretty simple, but I called in to TracFone anyway and they walked me through the process of activation and adding minutes.  The phone has worked well ever since.  It's the perfect little dumb phone...

So far so good, although we still have problems answering calls, since it shuts off it doesn't seem to respond until you hold the on Icon for a few seconds before you can use it. We have never had any problems connecting and call quality is great.

It works all right, but, keyboard is ephemeral at times. Guide book is partially unreadable, because of closely similar colors for titles and text. Extremely hard to read I erred in describing the reading problem: It's because the shading /highlighting of text makes the text almost disappear.

I really like this product but the user instructions that were sent were very vague. As a result of this I had to go on the internet to get complete user instructions.

Prompt delivery, excellent product!! My son was so happy to have a replacement phone after his got fried in the rain. Thank you!

the touch screen is so terrible that i refused to send any texts on it and only made calls when i had too. eventually i figured out that if i used my fingernail that it responded well. needless to say that i wont be using this anymore. it's now a play phone for my son.

I just received my phone today, activated it in less than 10 minutes, no problem. There was a small tussle over "air time PIN" for which I had to call tracfone tech support, but buying time from the tracfone web site solved that.Several people have complained about the nearly instant phone lock out time. It can be changed, but the way of doing it is not in the manual, as one person wrote. However - a web search showed me the way. On the phone's main screen, tap the "dice key" at lower right, then on the next screen up, tap the "Settings" key at lower right. From there, tap "Phone", and then "Auto-lock". In Auto Lock, choose the setting you can live with. I set mine to "Never" for the time being, but there's a danger of the phone "pocket dialing" (dialing a phone number because of pressure on it while it's in your pocket or its case) so you may want to choose 10, 20, 30, or 60 seconds.This leads to the second thing I want to say here - almost any question you might have about the phone can be answered by a Google search - so use that liberally, if you need to. There are also quite a few very good tutorials on the phone, at [...]The final thing I want to say is that this phone seems to share the same network of cell towers with the very expensive Verizon "smart phone" I'm escaping from. So for about $8-10 per month, I'll get most of the features of the $80 monthly Verizon deal. For a home user who doesn't download movies or play games on the phone, that's an excellent deal.ADDED AFTER TWO WEEKS of owning and using the phone - still 5 stars, maybe more. The phone is much more versatile and useable than I expected. Most of the things which have bothered other reviewers are just matters of getting used to the interface. Texting, voice messaging, and of course phone calls are all simple and quick. Browsing is fast enough for casual use and the cost, in terms of "minutes", is very reasonable. I can view and use my Google calendar, so the Calendar is sybched across all my computers and other devices. I haven't yet figured out how to view my Google contacts, but I think that's possible. Adding Contacts to the phone itself is straightforward and simple.

It meets my basic requirements.It works well for us whether we are in Pennsyivania or Northern Wisconson. So if that is what you need check this one out.

I really wanted to like this phone, because of the triple minutes for life.And the triple minutes part I *DO* like. But, honestly, the touch interface is more of a hassle than it's worth and I doubt I'd use apps much (twitter would be about the only thing I can think of off hand, and even that I'd rather have a full on laptop for anyway)...Basically, the touch interface seems terribly imprecise and with some terrible interface decisions. the on-screen buttons are too small, so half the time when you're trying to click a ringtone to preview it, you end up clicking on it and setting it as current when you don't want to. And on the contacts screen the scroll bar at the right is about 3 pixels wide, thus impossible to hit accurately, and not only that but the green 'call' button for every contact is RIGHT NEXT TO THE SCROLLBAR, so half the time you're trying to scroll down and end up accidentally dialing the phone number next to where you were trying to click/drag the scroll bar, wasting minutes and annoying your friends. Then when you WANT to click on a ph# and tap it in your contact record, half the time it ends up scrolling left or right to the NEXT CONTACT and NOT dialing the ph# of the person you just clicked on. Then you try to scroll back to the correct friend and you end up dialing the wrong person again.Sorry, but the interface just aggravates me. And then there are silly things like the main screen prepaid button that you CAN'T MOVE. Y'know the button you click to find out the information that's already scrolling along the bottom of the screen anyway (days & minutes of service remaining). Yeah, you can't even move the icon around on the screen. It has to be on the left side, one space down from the top. I mean, other icons you can drag around or remove from the main screen via the little blue tab at the bottom. But, no, not that one icon. I mean, you can't even change its position. What kind of shoddy interface design is that? Couldn't they make it so it can be moved to a less conspicuous location on the main screen, but just not removed completely? That would have been fine. But hard-coding it to a single location?On a more physical side, the phone is all shiny and sleek. So, it looks nice. Until you actually try to handle it. Just putting the battery cover on, I damn near dropped the thing it was so slick (slippery). And the nice shiny glossy screen picks up nice shiny glossy fingerprints and pocket lint like nobody's business. I can tell this would aggravate me completely as I generally prefer to keep my stuff un scuffed and as pristine as possible. Okay, after years of use my Samsung 301 had a few minor scratches on the screen from being in the pocket with keys. But I generally managed to keep it clean and in good shape. But, yeah, it's been pretty impossible to keep this thing fingerprint free. I suppose I could get one of those plastic screen protectors, but why bother?It was a tough call when I originally picked up the LG 800, since I really liked my Samsung 301 and there were both the LG 800 & the Samsung 404 available with triple minutes from Tracfone. Fred Meyer only had the LG 800, so I decided to pick that up rather than paying an extra $10 and having to wait a few days for the Samsung 404 to come via mail. I think I made the wrong call (if FM had the 404, I'd honestly have chosen that, I think). I was honestly hoping that I'd like the touch interface or that it would at least be usable and the triple minutes would make up for it. So far, I'm not much impressed. Sorry LG. gotta' be honest. The tiny scrollbar with call buttons placed RIGHT NEXT TO IT kills it for me. I shouldn't be "afraid to use my phone." Unfortunately, I kind of am based on how the interface of this thing is laid out. Imprecise touch operation and poor interface design seem to conspire to make this thing do things it shouldn't. Especially when it comes to mis-dialing and either annoying friends or wasting minutes, that's a no-no. Just my candid opinion.So, I've ordered the Samsung 404 qwerty keypad slider phone, like I should have in the first place (since I very much like the 301 I've had for some time now). I hope it gets here before my trip to Las Vegas next week so I can have that in my pocket rather than this finnicky touch phone.

For me this is a great phone. It is the closest to an IPhone I will ever get. This is as much &#34;hi tech&#34; as I am comfortable with. It is very easy for me to use and read.

Not only do I save money with triple minuets, but touch screen is so simple. Voice mail does not work properly. It makes me loose minuets!!!

My family has used Tracfone for years and this is the 7th phone we've bought.  This was a replacement for my old phone which after 5 years finally died.  This was my FIRST Tracfone bought somewhere other than the Tracfone website and I will probably be doing this in this in the future as it seems to be the cheaper option.I was able to transfer my old phone number and minutes with ease through the website and the process was pretty painless.The phone itself is the nicest one by far we've ever gotten.  Camera, MP3 player, games, web access, memo pad, calendar, alarms, touch screen... it seems to have everything I'd need and mostly stuff I'll probably never use but I'm still annoyed that it touts having the MP3 player but you have to buy the SD card and cord separately for it to be of use.  I have purchased those but they have not yet arrived so I can't say if that feature is any good or not.The thing I like best about this phone was that adding contacts was so much easier with the "handwriting" option rather than using the keypad.  I could use my finger and I got some measure of accuracy but using a toothpick I was able to just write in all my contact names and numbers in no time at all.  It was just awesome.  I imagine there has got to be a stylus somewhere for sale for this phone you can buy separately.  I'll probably stick to my toothpick which is free and handy.The phone menu is a vastly different set up than anything I had previously but it didn't take too long to get used to and now I feel pretty comfortable with it.  Tracfones are always very simple to use, and that is somewhat appealing to me, I don't have to spend hours to familiarize myself with them.  They get the job done efficiently and cheaply.  This phone though looks more complicated than it is.  Fool your friends into thinking you have an expensive cell plan!  Then laugh as you have loads more money at the end of the month!EDIT - I have since began using the MP3 feature and I love it.  It works so well and I have since stopped using my old MP3 player even though the sound quality on it was better.  This is just so much more convenient because it is also my phone.I have also figured out how to disable the "lock screen" that comes up automatically on the phone.  That was so annoying to me.  So now my phone is just the way I like it.EDIT - I have also discovered you can convert your videos to GP3 format and load them on this phone and play videos.  This is a lifesaver for me because I don't like my &lt;2 year old son to play with my more expensive Sony media player or my Galaxy Tablets, so I can just give him my inexpensive phone and load a video and he's happy.  I am seriously considering just buying another phone just for him for the purposes of a cheap video player only...  Not sure if you can use the phone for video if you don't buy service time though - I'll have to investigate further.

I like the size and features of this phone, but the battery life stinks. Tracfone advertises &#34;up to eight days&#34; of standby time. I got barely over two days. After replacing the battery in my phone, standby time didn't improve. I contacted Tracfone thinking I had a faulty unit. To their credit, they replaced my phone with another. I charged it fully, and it lasted nearly eleven days on standby. I thought my problems were solved, so I returned the first phone and activated the replacement one. After activating the replacement phone, it's battery lasted only two days on standby until it was dead. This is the same experience i had with the original phone. After two phones and three batteries, I'm led to believe that an &#34;activated&#34; LG800 Tracfone does not provide the advertised battery life.

Bought this for a second cell phone. For the price this is a fantastic deal. But it is not my android smart phone by any  means. It gets a great signal every where I go. The features are simple and easy to use, and does everything you need it to do for basic everyday use. Works great as a second cell phone and doesn't cost much per month.Thanks Amazon for another great deal and product.

I purchased the phone as it is one of the few phones I can use where I live. It must be on the Verizon network, as that is the only one that works out here. Lots cheaper than Verizon if you don't need to use all the features.

I absolutely love this phone.  In fact I just bought another one.  I would recommend purchasing the case cover to protect it and the screen from scratches.  Other good purchases are the micro sd card and data cord so you can transfer pictures, text and audio to your computer or other device.  About the only thing I don't care for on this phone is the web browser is not the greatest. It's painfully  slow. (Someone said there is an upgrade to this phone now that uses 3G technology and that the web is easier and faster.model 840G???) The phone also has a tendency to default to the web browser if you bump the phone for any reason...the result is your accidentally burning up precious expensive minutes when you don't realize it.  You have to make sure when you're finished using the phone that it goes to the security screen BEFORE you touch any buttons. Or like I said it defaults to the web browser and before you realize it, you've burned up alot of  time. With that said, this is still a great phone for the money. With triple minutes I can make a card go a long way.  Try it....you'll like it!!!

I had one of these LG 800G phones that was stolen from my vehicle. I like this phone because it's easy to use and has good sound. I use it to make phone calls - it's no iPhone so I don't play games or text or any of the other many things one can do with a smart phone. If you want a basic feature phone for making calls, this might fit your needs.

I bought this phone in January, have had numerous problems; now it doesn't work at all.  I like tracfone service but not this particular phone.  Amazon should refund my purchase price.Fran Bowman

I purchased my LG 800G phone from Tracfone in May 2012 and the problems began almost immediately. The price on the phone was very competitive and it came with many extras, however, getting the phone activated and deactivating my old phone was not easy. I had to make many calls to their service department because I was not receiving the triple minutes and there was no record of my phone in their system. It took numerous calls before the problem was corrected.At first I liked the phone because of the many features, however, it wasn't long before there were issues with the phone after the 30 day warranty had expired. My calls would drop out for no apparent reason and there was an echo that the other person could hear on their phones. Even though the phone was not set to vibrate, often it would feel as though something was moving around inside the phone, then the call would drop out. Tracfone tech persons could not explain why this was happening. It was also a pain to transfer photos from the phone to my computer. I finally had to buy a USB adapter to transfer the photos.Finally after seven months, I've had enough of this phone and have just purchased an LG 840G phone for much less than Tracfone is selling them for. I hope the 840G will prove to be a better phone than the 800G model. Tracfone has some of the worst service people I've had to deal with and many of them speak poor English, which makes the situation even worse.While there have been many satisfied users of the LG 800G phone, I am not one of them. I cannot recommend this phone.

Seems EZ to use. Have not had any issues. Wish I could remove web browser to safeguard my son but you can't remove limit monitor programs.Wish it was more parental control friendlyBlessings,John 20:29

I bought this phone from Tracfone site and in my opinion it would be a great starter phone for a child  and elder adult who is upgrading from a standard flip phone I bought this phone because my 5 yr. Old couldn't keep her hands off of my net10 android phone & I am a person who can't live without a cellular phone that's unlimited (tracfone does not offer unlimited plans) I have 3 very small children in which 2 of them have had serious illnesses.... Well to begin this LG 800G is not powered by android so no it does not have Google playstore it does have app's that my daughter doesn't use so I'm unfamiliar with that part, It is very small, One of the things I hate is the screen is kind of difficult when responding to your touch sometimes it bounces every where like it's crazy and you have to go back using the back/reverse arrow how ever I do like the fact I can send my daughter music ringtones (Which cost alot of minutes) how ever they do sound pretty good I also sent her wallpaper that looks great on her phone (ex..Minnie Mouse) that I downloaded to my phone first the video Is pretty standard so are the pictures the voice is pretty good better then my android phone the phone stays charged for a nice amount of time activation was simple for the first phone but it was very difficult for the second activation I i bought 2 of them one for my mother and one for my daughter, I like the fact the minutes do triple and for a 5yr. Old this deal was sweet but she's ready to pass the phone down already it comes woth too games and a few different wallpapers DO NOT USE THE CARTOON THEME it makes the phone look SUPER CHEAP & UGLY EVEN MY DAUGHTER HATES IT she wants to pass it along to her younger sibling because she tends to get bored with it compared to the vast majority of app's I have on my phone other then that "yes she's spoiled" it's a great phone for some one who infrequently uses there phone & who doesn't need multiple app's & web that's super fast I say go for it the price is exceptionally great even though I got a refurbished one for 5.00$ yep that's right 5.00$ I got a bang for the buck also a great back up phone thanx for reading hope this helps o

I have been a Net10 customer for the past five years and have had good service. If you need to buy minutes or basic needs on their web page you will be OK, BUT if you need to talk to someone for help you may be in for a real experience. My wife and I have had Net10 phones for five years and have been happy. I decided to purchase a new phone for my wife that would be easier to text from so I purchased the LG-800G. It came in two days and looks like it would do a nice job for us. My wife does not use her phone much so her minutes pile up. I use my phone much more so I don't have many minutes but lots of service days.I called and spoke to a Net10 Service Rep. and asked if they could transfer the 2200 minutes from My wife's phone to my phone. The Rep. said "Sure". She had me enter data on my wife's phone to take the minutes off her phone and move them to my phone. Well, she got the minutes off of her phone but they never showed up on my phone. I have been on the phone for several hours the past three days with no success. I have been given Ticket Numbers for special help. These have no meaning as the next person I talk to has no idea why I am calling and I have to explain why I am calling each time. The reps. spend most of your time updating their logging system and not providing any meaningful help to the customer.My last call was to a specialist who spent his time updating his records and then told me he was replacing my phone and I would have to return my phone which is out of warranty. He had no idea if that would fix my problem. At that point, I had had enough and told him to keep the phone and I would look for a new carrier. I have read other reviews from people with similar experiences. NOW I know what they are talking about. Net10/Tracphone has good products but their customer support is about as bad as it gets. I am seventy one years old and have never experienced customer service this bad.

phone doesn't work;  CS reps erroneously that I have reading deficits. in attempting to input the serial #, I received a message that it should be replaced, but CS reps ignored that problem.  Phone is fully charged, but won't power on;  I have no phone #  & it is unusable.  No shipping label in pkg.

The touch screen on this phone is a bit persnickety. I have finally learned to live with it but my friend who also got one of these hates hers. You have to have a bit of patience. The display is good, it works beautifully as an MP3 Player, I love texting with it. The internet function is next to useless, though. If you're browsing for new games or ring tones it's okay but don't expect to do much else. This is okay as a first touchscreen phone & does what I need it to do (I'm not a big cell phone user). If you need more functionality you might not care for it.

I have been a Tracfone customer for years and like the service.  It is the phone that I do not like.  I just received it today, but I don't think I am going to like it as much as I had hoped.  I cannot set up the Boothtooth, which is disappointing.  What is most disappointing is that the touchscreen for text messages uses the phone-style keypad instead of a QWERTY keyboard.  I definitely prefer a QWERTY key pad for messaging.  I wish I would have realized this before I purchased it because I would have chosen a different phone.

I bought the LG 800g to replace an old flip phone that I had for years, which was also a Tracfone. I wanted a phone that could access the internet and one that would support some apps but I didn't want a contract and pay $50 - $100 a month and I didn't want to pay hundreds of dollars for a phone either. This phone is perfect for me. I can access the internet and check my email, do some surfing and even Ebay. You can Bookmark the mobile versions of many websites. I also downloaded the Opera Mini browser for free and it works great. For under $40 dollars, you get more then your money's worth. With internet access, texting (it even has hand writing recognition), camera, music and of course voice calls, you can't go wrong with this phone. Internet connection speed has been good for me too. Although at times it hangs,  most of the time it's a good connection. And you can add more storage by getting a SDHC Flash Memory Card. Calls are very clear too. This is a full feature phone. It may not be an android but there are many free Java apps out there. I downloaded for free, a ton of ringtones, wallpapers and games and installed Google Maps, which works great. I also downloaded a mobile spreadsheet app. And I synced my Bluetooth headset. File transfer between PC and phone is a breeze. Just be sure to get the USB cable. I'm more then pleased with this phone and I'm still discovering all that it can do. I would recommend it to anybody who would like a smart phone but doesn't want to spend the money. Also, with this phone you get triple minutes for life, which is a great deal. I average about $10 a month on mine, so I feel that I have a great deal and get a lot for that 10 bucks. Transferring over my Tracfone phone number and minutes was smooth too. It took about 20 minutes on the phone and all worked out great. And the seller Shopcelldeals is great too. I got my phone in 2 days.

I purchased this phone for my son after many many problems with his virgin mobile phone and not being able to get the proper help with the matter. his phone will be used for mostly emergency situations persay, he is not much of a talker! hopefully his new phone will better than his last :)

I have never had a cell phone before.  I finally decided to get a tracfone.  This one is easy to use and I can call or text.  I really like it.

Was not happy with this purchase!  I charged the battery but the phone would not power on at all.  It was an immediate return, which was so easy with Amazon's great return policy.  I re-ordered the LG 840G with triple minutes after reading all the glowing reviews.  I am hoping for the same experience as the reviewers!

Horrible phone.  Sending it back after all the work of transferring min, etc.It reverts to LOCK every few seconds--I disengaged the Lock--but it still locks.I followed directions to set up voicemail & it will not let me in.Another piece of trash!

So far so good, this is my wifes phone. She like the touch screen and visibility over her old flip phone.

Nothing wrong with the first one.  But with the price of $9.99, it seems wise to keep one around for &#34;parts pieces.&#34;

My wife and I purchased this so We would have identical phones and We really like the Touch Screen features.

I love this phone. I replaced an old tracfone with this LG 800G and it came with triple minutes for the life of the phone so now I get 150 instead of 50 every month on the basic value plan.I have not yet mastered its full use but will learn as I use it. The perfect phone at a price for anyone.

I ordered this particular phone for my daughter who just turned 13. She previously had a different tracfone but wanted this one because it was touch screen. The phone itself works great but the only thing that I do not like is that it does not hold a charge as long as the other one did and the touch screen part of the phone is extremely touchy and has a tendency to end calls if your cheek or any part of your face touches it. Other then that, it is a perfectly good phone for someone like my teenage daughter who wants the high tech technology of having a touch screen and the capability of getting online. I also like the fact that you get triple minutes for life with this phone also. you can also transfer your safelink minutes which is the government issued phones to your new touchscreen tracfone and use it as your safelink phone as well so that you do not have to just use the little phones that safelink sends to you.Your monthly minutes will come onto the new phone every month just as it does the safelink provided phone. You just do not get the triple minutes with the free safelink minutes but any time you purchase minutes you will still get the triple minutes with it. Overall, it is a very economically equiped phone for someone who is young that does not make business calls and very important calls with it. It is perfect to have to be able to get in touch with your teenager with!!!!

I've had this phone for about 4 months now.  It works OK overall, but there are a number of frustrating quirks.  For example, the QWERTY keyboard only functions when texting.  Seems like they could have enabled this function for other tasks, like making calendar entries, memos, etc.  But they didn't.  Weird, huh?  Also, my phone locks up if it hasn't been used for a day or so.  Annoyances, but it's a cheap phone.

I couldn't get a signal at all and after I had already Paid for %100.00 of minutes contacted tracfone  they sent another fone and the buttons are so small that ,i cannot see them ,and I haven't used this one for that reason , I will never order anything else on line ,NEVER All I am now is out of  money that I cannot afford ,

the auto lock feature is a pain in the you know what.You can unlock the main screen But you can not un lock the incoming and out going callsthere is no way to change that. Also, you can not add a ringtone or photo to a contact.Just one photo and ring tone for everyone. But a good basic phone

I was sent a defective phone. While the product itself may be nice, I do not know, because the phone I have received is defective. The very next day after activating the phone, the touchscreen stopped working.  I contacted tracfone and they have sent me three wrong phones.  The first two they sent me were the wrong models.  The third one they sent me is the correct model but it is reconditioned.  I still have not received the correct phone and it has been over a month.  I am having a very frustrating and disappointing experience due to the fact I was sent a defective phone.  This has been one long hassle and I just want a brand new working LG800 like I originally purchased.

Phone automatically locks when on a call.  When you call voice mail and try to enter your password you have to hold unlock and then bring up dial pad which takes too much time.  From what I read in reviews LG has no intention of fixing this problem.

i like it because its touch screen and its preatty coolwat i dont like is that its small and i dont like the theme

It has everything a person needs except for the fact that it is not a smart phone and has no internet.

I already was a TracFone user when I found this phone.  I had the flip phone but wanted an upgrade.  When I learned about this phone on the official site I immediately came here to Amazon and found out they had it for half price!  And this is with triple minutes for life.  I just have to say it's awesome! It's the next best thing to Android!  Easy to use and very light.  If anything happens to the one I just got I will definitely get another one. Thank you for the perfect cell phone!

Really like this phone for a tracfone. Easy to use. Does not have quite the capabilities of some the higher end phones but for the choices from tracfone this one is great. Bought a second one for spouse who has trouble using most phones because of the small size but this one works well for him.  The texting is very easy with the qwerty touch keys. Only drawback I have found is you cannot use qwerty one touch to add names and addresses and when you are calling a number where they ask you to enter a number it takes a couple extra touches to bring up the dialpad. But once you learn those moves it works. I have never had any dropped calls or problems with reception. Would highly reccommend.

Simple and can't beat the price.  Only reason for 4 rather than 5 stars is that after the first couple of weeks, the battery charge  indicator went from 3 bars to 1 suddenly rather than gradually so you have to be alert about recharging it.  The one detail which should have been included in the instructions was how to key in names of contacts.  It is not intuitive (to me anyway) as you have to tap the T9 green ball to change it to &#34;grey&#34; to be able to tap in the letter you want--if the letter you want is the 2nd or 3rd in the square, you can then tap the square twice or 3x to get the letter you want.  I had to call for tech support to find this out.

We wanted a phone that would allow us to communicate schedules with our 14 year old, but also teach her responsibility without running up our phone bill.  She is very aware of the minutes she uses, so is careful not to text too much.  It seems to be working great.  She can call and text.  She can take pictures, etc...  She likes that she can change the screen to a QWERTY keyboard to text.  Its a great little phone and is meeting our needs.

This phone is great for calling and talking, but not so good for texting.  It has a good touch screen, but no real keyboard is available on the screen so texting has to be done with t9 word.  Otherwise, no complaints.  A good value for the money and triple minutes for life!!

I`ve had 4 free phones over 5 years just did not work, now my LG 800G is my best friend. Easy to use just the right size.I`m in love. I give the phone five stairs because every time I want to use my phone it`s ready.

Not bad for the price. Speaking of which, the price keeps going down - down about $6 since I purchased it a couple weeks ago. Tracfone made it aware to me that if you have SafteLink minutes, they will NOT be tripled which doesn't make sense if your phone is programmed to triple them - that is what you pay for, but what do I know? Tracfone is ok, but I would recommend going with a more reputable company like Sprint/T-mobile/Verizon. Customer service with Tracfone is notorious for being a nightmare. However, the company that I purchased this phone through, I would buy from again as they have other products. IF YOU PURCHASE THIS, MAKE SURE YOU BUY A PROTECTIVE SHIELD for the screen. You can buy 'ringtones' with minutes, but haven't been able to buy any music yet. If you want to add music, PURCHASE THE CABLE TO GO FROM THE PHONE TO THE COMPUTER.***It is super aggravating when you try texting & all of a sudden you end up texting in a word you've already texted in a previous sentence. It also takes a long time to fully charge. Will be changing to another cell plan soon. Too aggravating for me to keep & use as my cell phone***

I bought this phone 4 years a go as a cheap upgrade, it worked well enough as a phone but lacks WiFi. Did work decently with Bluetooth. SD card limited to 2 GB so you can't put a lot of music on it.

This phone I thought was going to be a really great buy it's not.  It's has some call restrctions on it like who you can call or not.  Lame I will never buy this tracefone again.  It was to replace my old phone that I got earlier then this one so I can make calls out incase I had something happen to me like my car breaking down.  The first thing that is wrong is the call restrictions,2.  you can't call out of the area code you register with the tracefone website and that it self rather sucks and I want to make a call if I have to or not.3. the calls sound glitchy and are awful.4. it said on the tracfone website that you are deduct .30 units every three texts. wrong you get deducted those units every time you text out and or incoming ones too.5. hardly any bass when you play music6 you can only use up to 4-8 GB micro SD card.  that itself is stupid beyond stupid.7. it's a good phone that triples your minutes other then that nothing else is much good about it

I like my phone but I was supposed to get 1200 minutes and triple minutes for life, I didn get it.  where are my minutes

The LG 800GI got my LG phone through tracfone. That is a good thing, they are very good at replacement phone should issues happen that cannot be resolved by customer. Those who are disabled, seniors on Soc, SSI or low income with health issues, can check into a Safelink phones handled by Tracfone. I used them for a few years now. Wonderful customer support and help when needed. They allowed me to buy a 800 G phone due to hand issues. When I dropped it and things got screen jumpy. Tracfone was there to fix or replace. I always preferred LG phones this one not bad for a touch screen pay as you go through tracfone. Good Luck

THIS PHONE IS AWESOME.  GREAT PRICE WITH ALL THE BELLS AND WHISTLES YOU NEED - WELL THAT I NEED ANYWAY AND THEN SOME. TEXTING IS A BREEZE AND ONLY USES 0.3 MINUTE FOR EACH MESSAGE!  ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!

It's not very user-friendly. The documentation is virtually non-existent so you kind of have to feel your way around until you learn how to use it. One option I had on previous phones was the ability to permanently reject certain numbers. You can reject a call when it comes in, but it cannot be marked to permanently reject all future calls from that same number. After I listen to a voice mail message I am given the option to delete a message by pressing &#34;7&#34;, but the keypad is not being displayed! So my only option - as far as I know - is to permanently delete all messages later.

Arrived on time, easy to transfer number, minutes and days, and works great.  My 12-year-old daughter figured out all the functions and then taught me--kids are natural at electronics. Is working fine so far. The absolutely best thing about this phone was the price.  I am tempted to buy a couple more!  THank you so much, Amazon, for an awesome deal!!

This phone does not get reception. My husband has a tracfone and gets great reception. I am very dissatisfied. With this phone..

This phone and it's programing is not user friendly, each time you go to use it you must UNLOCK IT. Who ever programed this phone has No idea of ease of access.Despite making numerous calls to Tracfone  there was nothing they could do about it. I now have a Samsung T404G, yes it cost more money, but it is well worth it.This only goes to show you only get what you pay for.Mike B

Purchase ExperienceAfter reading the reviews, I purchased the Tracfone and 4GB SDHC card from one of Amazon's vendors.  The phone came from Virginia with the plastic package opened, loaded with ~year's service & ~1190 minutes. It had an Oklahoma City phone number and was in Spanish language mode. Changing it to English was interesting.  I inspected the phone and everything was in perfect shape.  Since I ordered only the basic phone, I figured they installed the 1 yr service as way to sell an open item phone and the hassle to reregister the phone number.  Because the phone has a phone number, I had to get a new SIM card after talking to Tracfone, which was delivered in 4 days.  I'm glad I did not try to transfer my phone number and minutes via the web.PhoneThe phone is hard to hold while operating without accidently activating a function on the screen at times so you may want to consider a silicon cover.  My phone reception is a little better that my old LG 420G flip phone on the AT&T; GSM network and is much clearer.  The back cover is hard to open once you lock it in its close position, so load your MP3 music from the PC onto the SD card before locking the back cover.  The top power button is small and hard to depress to shut the phone off.  Depressing the power button to wakeup from standby avoids the press and hold to unlock the screen. I could not deleted any of the pre-installed Java games, sounds, or pics.  The QWERTY keyboard seems to be only available for texting. You get a T9 format when adding new contacts.  There were no problems using the bulk 4GB SDHC offered and the phone read the external memory at a little less than 4GB.DisplayThe display resolution is ok, and visibility is outstanding in the outdoors.  LG uses a lot of large bold lettering which makes it easy to read and great for the baby boomer generation.  For some odd reason they made the antenna strength bars tiny.  The screen is plastic, not glass, so you will need a screen protector to prevent scratches.  The resistance touch screen is ok but some of the touch sensor areas are a little small so you must be careful when depressing the screen such as selecting a contact's cell phone versus their home phone when calling. You must continuously press the screen to swipe and scroll..WebThis phone is not a true smart phone but is better than a basic flip phone.  It uses the same web access method as a flip phone except for the larger screen and touch feature.  It is still very difficult and slow to surf the web with the 2G data rate, even with Opera Mini.  Opera Mini is activated as an Java app in the Games and Apps icon.  There are no user app icons.  I also downloaded Google maps which is ok but not great because of the limited resolution, screen size, and 2G.PC Connection (or lack of it)I purchased an USB to microUSB cable from Rapid Orders.  It did not work and it was not worth the hassle of returning it for $2.  I ordered another cable from Wowparts and it worked as a charge cable only showing the battery pic.  Both cables did not get the LG recognized as an USB device by the PC so I could not transfer data to/from the SD card and PC with the cable.  I manually loaded some JPEG pictures and music onto the SD card. The music and controls played fine as albums, genre, and artist but for some odd reason certain JPEG photos of similar sizes could not be opened.  The tiny icon looks ok but no full screen photos.  The 2M pixel camera and video works fine but is not a priority function for me.ConclusionI'm still waiting for a true prepaid smart phone from Tracfone but for the meanwhile this phone is worth it for the infrequent cell phone and mobile web user.

This is a very nice phone for the price, plus the features it provides gives the user a nice choice.  Not being a phone expert, I'll leave that analysis to previous ratings.

This is fun!  I won't go on any monthly plan, and have done business with Tracphone for years with no complaints.  My transfer of time, phone number and minutes went seamlessly and as I learn the features, this is a definite upgrade from my much less smart phone.  I appreciate the reviewers input from before, which will make learning it's features much easier.  The price was outstanding.

There is nothing wrong with this phone and Tracphone has the best coverage of the pre-paid companies. The negative reviews here are almost exclusivly user error. The touchpad is adjustable. The sound quality is actually good for a small phone. Battery life is good. To enter info into the contacts list use the T9 alternate to avoid "auto-word". The other poster who said the OS upgrade is less buggy is right, I have version V10e which you can get at the LG site. (See posting: "Some extra details, March 24, 2012")Remember this is a $40 phone and triple minutes. No better deal anywhere.BTW, if the phone doesn't activate within an hour of ordering, just turn it off for a few minutes then back on.EDIT November 4: Apologies to the posters that pointed out the incessant locking of this phone. It's true but ONLY when one is on a live call or voicemal. If you set it to "Never Lock", the other functions will not lock. I just click the on/off button quickly to unlock. It's a workaround but still for 9 cent a minute, it's worth it to me.

I rate this at 5 stars because I am rating it for what it is: An inexpensive smart phone for use with Tracfone service.  It is not made to be an iPhone and I did not expect it to be.  Actually, I was surprised at all it can do.  My wife & I have been using Tracfone for years and it is a great, inexpensive alternative to the big cell phone companies.  And now we have decent phones.  The great thing is that Tracfone uses the large companies service at a reasonable price for those of us who don't use a cell a lot but still want to have one.

Phone is adequate.  Please note that the international coverage (the reason for which I purchased this telephone) is subject to change without notice.  IT CHANGED WITHOUT NOTICE.  Further the telephone use to overseas callers is limited to land lines in many countries (i.e. if the party you want to speak with provides you only with a cellular number - you are out of luck).Sound transmission, reception, coverage areas are not as good as prior service with other phones (by LG) on Verizon network.Adequate - limited use for intended function due to changes without notice by carrier.

I like the larger viewing area and you can look at pictures as long as you want. Camera works good

This cell phone is harder for me to figure out than was the case with prior phones. I have very little use for a cell phone and would have purchased a less complex one, but I wanted the camera option just to have with me in case of auto or other accident.

I decided to upgrade my phone from a basic tracfone. This has been a good phone. I found the price to be good. I recommend it to anyone.

I read some of the lower rating reviews and was a little skeptical in making this purchase. I also read some of the 4 star ratings and saw the great price and had to give it a shot.I had it for 2 weeks now and I love it.Some of the other reviewers complaints are non-issue.  The screen saver lockout is adjustable from 10-60 seconds with the option to even disable it.The touch screen reacts to my light touches without a problem, I even love the slight vibration (a changeable setting) that it emits with every key tap.I am getting reception in places where I couldn't using my previous phone.With the Blue-tooth I synced it with my car and now I can even be hands free compliant while driving.This is an upgrade for me from a tracfone flip-phone. I was able to transfer the time and minutes over their website on the internet without a hitch.It is small and a little slippery but with a silicone case I purchased its great.I love this phone and I'm glad I made this purchase!Found a great interactive tutorial for this phone, I thought I would share it:[...]

I love this phone so far, i was a bit unsure if i should get it since i have read a lot of bad reviews. so far it has been great and i did not have any issues with set up or when i had to call customer support.I recommend this to anyone looking for a phone with no contract.

I love this phone. Very easy to use and it has alot of great features. I also like having the triple minutes with this phone. I am so done with the high monthly cost of my cell phone.  Thats way I bought these phones to replace the expensive other cell phones from verizon.  The LG has great reception, a nice camera and video recorder. I would recomend this phone to anyone.

I love the easy way to manipulate the different features on the phone. Also the bi button features. This is an upgraded phone for me.

I bought a LG420G from Wal-Mart for $15 and was so disappointed that I looked for and bought from Amazon the LG800G from Amazon for $41.50. Now I have spent some six hours trying to get just basic functions to work, with very frustrating results.For example: the phone automatically locks itself up every two seconds, so in the middle of doing something you're constantly presented with "Press and hold to unlock."A telephone support representative advised that this locking problem is a known glitch with the product, and no solution is available to fix it.I had to call phone support twice just to be able to set up voice mail and retrieve messages.After three calls to support and poring over the tutorial, I still have many unanswered questions.  Example: On the keypad I can navigate to "Security."  Press it, get "Enter your security code." I have no idea what my security code is.  Tech support says to enter the last 4 digits of my phone number.  Great, except that doesn't work either.There is no manual and an online tutorial which I found consistently frustrating.  I'd like to return this and go back to Verizon, despite the higher charges, but I made the mistake of buying a year's worth of minutes.Guess I'm stuck with it for the next year.

Can't say any more about the LG 800G than other reviewers have.  It serves my purposes (calling, texting a little, MP3 player) just great.  I was replacing an old Motorola flip phone that still had 1524 Tracfone minutes on it.  When I tried to transfer the minutes on Tracfone's website, the number of transferrable minutes showed up as 60.  So I called the Tracfone 800 number and, after some waiting, talked to a lady in India.  Her records showed that only 460 minutes were available for transfer, and she would not budge from that number even after consulting a supervisor. It was take it or leave it.  Since the new phone came with triple minutes for life, I thought there was a chance that the 460 minutes would be tripled, which still doesn't come out to 1524, but it would have been a reasonable amount anyway.  But no, 460 was what I got on the new phone.  The old phone with all my remaining minutes was immediately de-activated, of course.All I'm saying is, use most of the minutes on your old phone before switching to a new Tracfone or risk losing them altogether.

Wow! nice looking and sturdy. Got 20 minutes free & 60 days service when I activated the phone through Tracfone online. I am not a talker nor do I text I use this phone just for family emergencies like: &#34;Hey I ran out of gas come pick me up!&#34;. I'm planning on getting the 30 minute deal online through Tracfone for $9.99 a month. I was just at Wal-Mart and they want over $25 for 60 minutes, No Thank You!!!!!

I love this phone,It has all the features I want and the 2.0 mega pixel camera takes better pics than I expected.Very easy to use also.

Received on time new still in package. I am still exploring the different features . I new to get a card ten I'll be set .

I bought this phone under my tracfone contract. i chose it because it had a touch screen, but i wish i had never bought it. The calibration on the phone is horrible. you try to select something and it either doesn't acknowledge that you touched it, or thinks you selected something else. typing a text takes forever and scrolling/selecting someone on your contact list is frustrating. Please save yourself the anger and do not buy this phone!

I always have loved tracfone because of the affordability.  I strongly recommend this phone to anyone who wants to text and call for less. With triple minutes this is a steal.My issue is that my phone had ridiculously low battery life. It would die within 15 minutes of not being charged.  Choose your seller carefully.I am now upgrading to the 840g

everything i need in a phone.  triple minutes, the best.  i fare better than my verizon phone that i did like but i get more bang for the buck with tracfone

This phone has good reception compared to the LG420 it replaced. The manual is of limited value and provides no information on many features or where to find them. The touch screen lock during incoming and out going calls cannot be disabled so the phone has to be unlocked for keypad entry. This product would be much more useful if some decent setup information was provided with examples. Fora $30 phone and $4 memory it is a good deal with the triple minutes. Just be prepared to spend a lot of time playing around with it if you want to use some of the features.

~ For just making mobile calls anywhere in the USA to anywhere in the world, this LG Trac-Fone Phone is an excellent "pay as you go" option with wide US coverage ~The majority of the USA is not using this phone so you won't find all the trendy and numerous Apps & Games, it doesn't talk back to you, it does not have GPS, and celebrities won't be seen using it but it is comparable in quality & basic offerings to most phones costing much, much more. Plus the batteries are not soldered in like some phones requiring you to send your phone away and pay someone else to replace it. It also has a memory slot inside, unlike others, to add more memory options to your phone. It includes many features. Some of my favorites: I can either buy games directly off phone or buy a cheap memory card and load it with java games & apps off the internet or my PC; Customizable Menus; Texting/E-mailing to phones or computer users; I can insert my stand-alone camera's vacation photos into it and show them anywhere. If someone wants a copy, I can just send it as an attachment to their cell phone# or e-mail address.  Besides the deeply discounted and dependable cell service, my favorite feature is the MP3 player and Music Software Suite. Not only can the phone display an album Cover (if included in song file) it has a graphic equalizer to adjust Bass, Treble Etc. It scrolls at the touch of a finger to find the right song or you can use the advanced search option to find a specific tune. You can even slide the song (or video) to any position with your finger. You can adjust the volume with a touch-slide or press side buttons on phone. The headphone port accepts all standard mini-phono jacks so you do not need to special order them.It's appearance is streamlined & quite similar to many trending phones and more so if a 'skin' is used; it does not scream 'Prepaid'. There are many hits and some misses but for the price you can not go wrong. The Phone is customizable; I can buy various skins, guards, protective screen films, tripods, headphones, chargers etc. from different brands, buy or load different wallpapers & ringtones from my PC and I can load all of my favorite music on a memory card and use it just as an iPod but for 90% less. Even if I no longer keep it activated it can be used or shared & recycled as a stand alone LQ Video Camera, MP3 Player, Picture Camera, Calculator, Tip Formulator, Digital Photo Scrapbook Screen, Night-Time Key-Hole Finder, Phone Book, Mini-Game Console, & Voice Recorder.Some people insult these phones merely for NOT being a Premiere model but a premium price is not being paid, so don't expect it!?Top notch Phones & Plans combined can cost hundred$ or thou$ands a year and require a two year Legal Financial Contract and a credit check! If you are an infrequent user and don't need to be a trend-copier but still want a Dependable, Durable, Economical yet Multi-Functional Phone with _Some_ options, this Trac-Fone Model is for you. [I suggest the yearly card for the very best rates- first year average about 35c a day (127yr) and includes over 20 hours of talk time using the triple minutes 27c 2nd year]*  Note: Is not compatible with the majority of Apps & Services advertised towards the costly models.**  Initial setup may require patience & time from customer service but it appears most phones areset-up instantly -> to three days max. Rarely, a week if a new sim card is given.***  Just a few setting are somewhat hidden and not under the settings tab. May take a moment to find.****  Siri is not included to talk to you and tell you bad jokes.

Where is my phone it said the 13 at 8 and it not here i demand a report! Not funny

Buy something else. I really wanted to like this phone,it looks good .Triple min. for life,(cost like 9-11cents a mn)Depending on amount of mn. you buy. But I hate it. Its complicated to use, the color combinations it uses are funny looking,it takes 4 separate prompts to delete a call or message,its constantly shutting off.It locks during calls, you have to unlock it to use the dial pad so if your'e calling an automated service like a bank or something it locks and locks and locks. Very annoying. You pay by the mn. to go online but it takes like 3 mns. just to get online. Forget about making a call on fri. night. You won't.

When i received it I was thrilled, then discovered that the microsd card reader does not work! hoping the try again with another...maybe the NEW one will have all it features working!

didn't know that it was so small it's ok but it will work for my kids they like it ok

highly recommended.  I've been using for over a year now.  Java is still well supported.  plenty of games and apps available.  Web browsing is slow, but doable.  Even if I get a new phone, I will still probably use this for my main mp3 player.

Overall, I'm very satisfied with this product; it was easy to transfer my old minutes from a previous Tracfone phone to this phone, and I find the touchscreen easy to use and very intuitive.  I'm not pleased with the battery life, however -- it's much shorter than I would expect, and has left me without a phone very unexpectedly a time or two.

the constant locking problem and frustrating customer service. I feel as though the locking problem is designed to eat up minutes. even though I have set the phone to never lock, it pops up when trying to get voice mail, which I can rarely retrieve because it times out by the time I unlock,  get to the dial pad and enter my security code.  really poor design.the voice quality, the camera,  are all good, but this locking thing drives me crazy. the other feature is just  a slight bump and it goes to the web eating up more minutes.

A very nice and compact pay as you go phone.  If you like small and light, this phone is for you.

I bought this phone for my daughter and she really likes it.  It does most of the things my Android phone does for much less cost.  The phone is relatively user friendly and fun to use.  Overall, I give this product a four star rating and is highly worthy of Amazon.

I have had the LG800G Tracfone for about four months and have differing thoughts.  It is a good deal for a touch screen.  When it first came out, the price point was at $59.99.  Now (July 2012) it is at $49.99.  When I got mine through the Tracfone website, it was at $39.99.  Amazon is offering it for $32.99, which is a good deal.  The phone is easy to use and for a prepaid phone is a giant leap for the technology available.  Everything about the phone is fantastic except for texting.  There is no stylus provided with the phone and texting with your fingers is difficult.  There are different methods of texting input.  You can use the ABC method like the older analaog phones were.  You can use the QWERTY keyboard, which is difficult to do unless you use a pencil or other "stylus".  You can use the hand writing method.  I have been told that I print like a walking typewriter (Thanks to Mrs Foster my fourth grade teacher).  Even with this, I have to attempt up to five times to get a "T" not to register as a "J".  Be careful also about how you carry the phone when not in use.  The touch screen is very sensative and could engage when you don't want it to.  It is also annoying when getting a call.  As soon as you get the call, the screen goes into the lock mode and you have to hold the unlock icon if you need to press any keys for input, (Like when the prompt comes for you to enter 1 for this or enter 2 for that).  I do like the phone for daily use.  I just can't text with it.  Tracfones are relatively inexpensive so I have a second one that I use for texting.  My friends and family have gotten used to me having more than the one phone number.  Is it a Smart Phone?  It could be with the right apps.  Tracfone is pretty "propriotary" with their software and can only be downloaded through their sites so you are very limited on what you can do.  I am retired now and do not use my phone as I used to but like to have an upgrade from the "clamshell" type of phones.  If you can use a phone with touchscreen but again do not use the phone as your PC, this one is good.  If you use your phone for texting, this one could really slow you down.  Make sure you know what you are getting into when you get this one.  I might just retire this one into one of my desk drawers and go back to my LG500C.  After writng this review, I have done just what I said I might do.  Retired the LG800G into the top right drawer of my desk and used my LG500G I got from Amazon.  I hope this helped you make your decision of getting this phone or not.

This phone is fantastic, it takes nice pictures, video, plays music and of course is a phone too.  Doen't connect to the web all that great, but it's a great phone if you don't want/ need web access from your phone.  I bought the USB cable so I can download my pictures and videos to my computer.

This phone certainly is an upgrade from flip phones, and the triple minutes feature is wonderful. It's nice that you can play games and have apps, but there are a few things I disliked about it. First, the touch screen is not sensitive, you have to push the screen rather than touch it. Also, if you are planning on using this phone to surf the web or use wifi in general, it would not be the best option. Not a smartphone, but it does call and text so I was overall pleased.

This is a nice and basic cellphone with some smartphone capabilities.  If you are not so tech-savvy and only want the bare essentials, this will give you that plus a little bit more.  Works fine.

I was not impressed with this phone.  I gave up a month later and it is now in the local landfill.  It took 4 days to register the phone. The phone scroll didn't work.  When you would press to select a number,it would scroll to the next number, it would take 3-4 tries before the correct number would go through.  The phone would not dial without an area code, even for local numbers.  Also, even with the phone locked it would at times redial a number after ending a call.  My calls would also drop.  My other tracfones never lost service.

After having this phone for over two weeks and having multiple SIM cards sent to me this phone is still a door stop.  It is a piece of crap!  DO NOT BUY IT!  It activated but all SIM cards are classified as Unregistered which means that there is no number available for it and so it is a piece of crap.  BUYER BEWARE!  If you want a good prepaid phone look elsewhere!

I have not bought this phone yet but seriously thinking about it, I would love to know about the triple minutes. If I buy a one year card with 400 minutes does this really mean I would have 1200 minutes a year? I have never had a cell phone, believe it or not..so this will be my first phone and I am not sure of which one to buy. I am planning on buying the bundle + a case. Anything else I would have to purchase? Also can I do all the activation online at Tracfone or would I have to call them for the extra minutes. From what I read customer service is not all that great. Thank you for any information I know this is not a forum but I need some help..

I had this prepaid phone a couple weeks ago, it works pretty good, more functions, voice listening so clear and more apps thanmy old phone, when added money, it's call time X3. I only paid small price for this phone.

The slider on right is too narrow and often selects something instead of paging down.I've had no issues with the triple minutes that others have complained about.The Bluetooth connects only to ear buds, so forget about transferring photos off - you can't do it.  Won't connect to PC, won't connect to iTouch, won't connect to another phone.... and I still can't connect to internet, even though it charges me when I accidentally press the button to do so.

I am in the process of learning to use this phone.  I have activated it, however I believe I was to get TRIPLE minute, but all I got were 7 minutes.  Luckily I still have my AT&T phone.  As soon as I get these minutes straightened out, I will cancel  my AT&T. So far I like it a lot.

I was so excited to get a touchscreen phone and a great price, no contract plus triple minutes.  I've had this phone for a month and I still can't get used to it.  The auto-lock is so frustrating (can't turn it off)., the touch screen is almost non-responsive, and to turn it off and on I have to press hard and long on the tiny power button.  I liked the Samsung tracfone I had before that I gave away. Still would like to stick with Tracfone, but what phone to switch too and still get triple minutes?

It is too &#34;smart&#34; to be simple, not smart enough to be useful to me as anything but a phone. It's just a phone in my hands. Still, Tracfone with triple minutes is about as cheap a phone as I can find. Sound is good, reception/coverage good, looks good to the kids.

I can't afford a smart phone at this point but this is a reasonably priced phone that won't break the bank

I purchased this phone for my husband who has been using a Motorola flip phone (Tracfone) for the past five years. The older phone was still working fine, but I needed a gift idea for Father's Day so I thought I'd 'upgrade' him to a touchscreen phone and the purchase of some extras for the phone was a good idea. I had looked at the more expensive Tracfone offerings:LG 840G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)andLG Optimus Dynamic Android Prepaid Phone with Triple Minutes (Tracfone), but he's a cheap guy who doesn't text and makes about 2 short calls a month, so I thought this LG 800G would be a good choice.The flip phone also had triple minutes, so I was looking for that perk on this one. For those who have not experienced this before, you can add aTracfone 60 Minute Airtime Cardand get 180 minutes automatically with triple minute phones. This works with any size of additional minutes added - the minutes are tripled when added to this phone.ACTIVATION:Upon opening the sealed container we found the LG 800G, a wall charger, booklet and activation code (red card). After charging the phone; which took no time at all, I went to Tracfone dot com to port the flip phone's number to the new phone. **You CAN keep your old number when getting a new Tracfone.  If it sounds difficult call Tracfone and they'll walk you through it.I transferred the number by entering in the old phone number and the old phone and new phone's serial numbers - found in the PrePaid section of each phone. Tracfone indicated this process could take a couple hours, but up to 4 days in some cases. My deactivation of the old phone took about 1 hour, then I noted the phone number had been changed to the new phone, but the minutes had not transferred and neither phone was activated or could be used. Approximately 8 hours later, the new phone was activated by Tracfone, but it was missing minutes that should have been transferred.NOTE: Another great feature of Tracfone service is that the minutes rollover each month - you don't lose them! We had 1500 minutes on the old phone and only 1100 transferred.PROBLEM TRANSFERRING ALL THE MINUTES:I called Tracfone and after several 'hit this button to's', I got a real person, who was a tad hard for me to understand. Despite the language barrier, we did manage to get the lost 400 minutes transferred quickly and easily (while I was on the phone with the rep).I was happy and surprised to find out that the service activation is good for 1 year - not the expected 90 days before there is a need to add more minutes. For my husband, this means that he'll have a phone for free for 1 year, as he will never use 1500 minutes in 12 months.THE PHONE:I purchased a case, charging accessories, and screen protectors for under fifteen bucks on Amazon, and thus for twenty-five I have a fully functional, semi-smartphone with touchscreen input.  The 3x minutes and 1 year of service without a need to add minutes make this a super-sweet deal at under ten dollars.The phone itself is lightweight in its construction, and the touchscreen response is lacking by comparison to new, higher end phones, but hey, you're getting a lot for the price!The touchscreen requires calibration - you can do it in Settings on the phone, and when using the touchscreen you actually have to press versus just touching it lightly. Time will tell if that negatively affects performance of the phone.Web surfing on this phone can be done, but it's expensive and awkward. You can text with the phone (about thirty cents per text) , but it's not a phone that's the best for texting. It has a Qwerty touchscreen keyboard, as well as a number pad that can be used for data entry.There is no GPS on the phone, but you do have apps for email and other functions. You can buy games with your minutes, check the weather, input info into a calendar app, and use the phone as a MP3 player. (It has a 3.5mm headphone jack on the top of it, and a microSD slot on the side that will accept up to a 4GB card - available for about six dollars shipped.)Because it has Bluetooth, you can pair it with a hands-free headset or your car's Bluetooth. You can also pair it with a portable  Bluetooth speaker to enjoy your music from the phone - anywhere!There is a 2MP camera and you can take video with this phone. Obviously this is not the phone's strong-suit, but it does work and media can be saved to the internal memory or a microSD card (considered 'external' memory). You can also transfer photos from your old phone to the new phone with a cable transfer, or by transferring a microSD card between the two; putting photos from the old phone on the card and then putting the card into the new phone.The screen can be set as shown on Amazon, or to a darker, more attractive screen. You can use your photos as wallpaper on this phone.Call quality where I live is excellent. Sprint towers are used, and this phone can actually make and receive calls better than my Virgin Mobile powered iPhone 4S.My husband likes his new phone, but he says there is a learning curve for him. Thankfully there are also quite a few video tutorials on YouTube that are very helpful for figuring out the basic functionality of this phone.PROS:1. Inexpensive phone.2. 1 Year Service with Activation; instead of the usual 90 days, with additional service time added with more airtime added to the phone, which can be added at any time. (It means you don't have to worry about your phone being deactivated after 90 days if you haven't added additional minutes to keep it active.)3. You can text, call, take video, take photos, play games, surf the web, listen to music, and more!4. Easy to use; the icons make things clear.5. Triple Minute phone for the life of the phone.6. Bluetooth for connecting to hands free speakers and headsets.CONS:1. Feels cheap; lightweight construction, by comparison to higher end touchscreen phones.2. Touchscreen has to be depressed versus just touched, to operate.3. Using the Internet is expensive, and there is NO WIFI option to surf without using data.4. NO GPS or navigation options, other than to use the browser to use Google Maps or similar.TIP: If you want to check your Voicemail, call your phone via another phone, and when your Voicemail picks up, press * on the phone you are calling from and enter your passcode when prompted. This doesn't use your Tracfone's minutes when you're checking your Voicemail.Overall, this is a great buy when you consider you'll pay as much for two tall lattes. The price is what makes me give it 5 stars. My husband is happy with it, and I'm happy I was able to transfer minutes, and get a phone with a 1 year activation and triple minutes.I also purchased these accessories for the phone:3x LG 800G Premium Clear LCD Screen Protector Cover Guard Shield Protective Film Kit,Hard Case for LG 800G BLACK - SLCPC06-LG800GBKandLG 800G Combo Rapid Car Charger + Home Wall Charger + USB Data Charge Sync Cable for LG 800G.6/18/14: Successfully added a 4GB microSD card into this phone. You have to slide off the back of the phone, remove the battery, and put the card underneath the battery in a designated space. Mine didn't fit very well, but when the battery was placed and the cover was on, it all worked as expected.

Perhaps it's the phone, but often times I don't get my messages.  Though honestly, I think it's the service (net10), personally, as this has happened with several phones.

LG 800G TracfoneI received the phone on time and it is as describet6. I like it and all the features. I recommend this phone to my friends

Hands down worst cell phone I've ever owned.  The screen lock mechanism involves simply touching the screen for a couple seconds.  Guess what happens in your pocket?  You thigh, keys, wallet, etc. are continuously touching the phone.  Considering I was leaving people half-hour voices-mails of my testicles slapping my thighs, I can't even count the number of minutes this piece of garbage has gone through.  Not only will it call a recent contact, it will call them again, and again, and again, and again; over and over.  I got a new phone and this piece of shit is going straight into the garbage.

I got this phone because my first choice of a slider phone was not available in a tracfone model.  This is by far the most aggravating phone I've ever had.  The screen is not responsive enough, and the dialpad and qwerty keypads have keys that are so small you are constantly miss-hitting the wrong key.  This pales in comparsion to the fustration of trying to deal with automated answering machines.  Every time you leave the phone alone for a few seconds it locks up again.  To press a key in response to automated recording you must quickly press and hold to turn the stuped phone back on and then search around for the keyborad key and hope you can get to the keypad before the message moves on.To sum up I would only recommend this phone to someone I hate.

I purchased this on Black Friday(Nov '12) I only wanted a phone to text & call and the 'touch screen' feature gave this phone a more current look along with more expensive models out there. Triple minutes was also wonderful, I could wait longer before buying minutes. After transferring my phone number from another LG(505) to this one, I had to calibrate my touch to the screen. After a while, I had noticed after this was done the phone at times still had problems acknowledging my touch for contact list and texting. I, all along, thought it was me & not being tech saavy. Fast forward 4 months later(Mar. '13) & while I was visiting family out of state, it completely stopped working by not accepting my touch on the screen. I do not remember anything out of the ordinary that would have brought this on. I talked to a friend and hung up & placed the phone back in my purse. An hour later, I wanted to look at a new text I received & I was unable to. The phone apparently could receive a call from a phone number and because of the buttons(Send/End) I was able to answer. As well as call the phone number of the last number that contacted my phone through this buttons. The alarm still works as well & I am able to press the Send/End buttons for off or snooze, but unable to go into the Menu to turn it off or change to time. The only solution is to turn the phone completely off. I had searched online for various ways to correct this matter and still keep the phone, to no avail. I then found out that as well as not being able to go into the Menu because of the touch feature not working, there is not a way to go to the 'prepaid' option and retrieve the 'parameter number' to transfer the number to another Trac fone( I bought out of town just to have a phone) & have to call and deal with a representative that I feel has been outsourced to another country.  I really regret purchasing this phone, since. my other LG worked fine and I anted to 'upgrade'. It was not worth the headache.

I give this phone a 3 star for the price, style and convenience. You cannot go wrong with this phone even if you are not using it as a temp phone as I am. If you are a person that wants a touch screen phone pre-loaded with all the bells and whistle's but do not want the hassle of a smart phone and the expensive data plan that you have to buy, then this is the phone you are looking for. It is not a smartphone but it has a lot of conveniences. Music player, email, chat, texting, alarm, calendar, games, Bluetooth, phone to phone paring and a few other goodies. It also has a place to insert your own microSD card. Which for me was great because I needed some of the info from my broken phone. Although I could not call out from my old phone it still turned on and because this phone had Bluetooth I was able to pair the two together and retrieve my contacts from the old phone and download to the new phone within seconds. Whether you are looking for a temp phone or a prepaid plan on a regular basis and you want or need a stylish phone you cannot go wrong with this purchase. Also, don't forget if you actually purchase this phone it is on the Tracfone plan only. It is not an unlocked phone to use with other carriers. Tracfone does offer a triple lifetime minute bonus which means whatever price plan you buy they triple the minutes for life for the same price...just another great convenience and saves you money as well.

It is adequate for general usage As long as you don't have .expectations  beyond it's capabilities it is a good buy .

I upgraded my previous cellphone for this one as it has a touch screen and is capable of doing many more things my old phone did not.  I would highly recommend this phone if you are looking for a no contract phone with triple minutes for life.  The phone is very easy to operate and is very user friendly.  Very pleased with my decision to purchase this phone at a very reasonable cost.

Christmas gift I have one cost me $50 bought this one for $20. he was suprized when he opened it

I finally ended my AT&T month-to-month contract after having my iPhone for over 2 years and began seeking other options. The salesperson at the AT&T store did his best to sell me a new upgrade which required another 2-year contract. No thank you! I will not miss all the dropped phone calls, dishonest customer service and the $100/month cell phone bill just to receive a $300 discount on an iPhone that they will collect in monthly fees over the next two years and more.  With my new prepaid phone I will be saving at least a $1000/year in phone bills and have yet to experience a dropped call. It is lightweight, affordable, provides great service and the triple minutes included is awesome and very much worth it. Stop getting ripped off from cell phone companies and take control of your money and try a prepaid phone. Save the money and apply it to pay off your credit cards or student loans or just enjoy having the extra money in your pocket. As a new mom, I can now put all that money I wasted on maintaining a smartphone towards my family. If I did not own a laptop or a camera then a smartphone is a good investment, ummm not really actually, you will live without all the apps and distractions from being in the present moment. Stop paying all that money every month and try a prepaid phone; you will not be disappointed!!

Can anyone tell me if the triple minutes from Tracfone is adequate or not with this phone and the features you tend to use?  I have one with double minutes for life and it does not seem to add a great deal to the longevity. Thanks

i am happy with the cost and the performance and also the reception  or coverage i get as far as the signal coverage

Purchased this phone about 6 months ago, but it almost useless for me. The slider is difficult to move, and when it does, its  apt to accidentally call, accidentally switch to another screen , shut off in the middle of dialing. It was not worth the price, even with low cost, triple minutes etc.

I bought this phone as a gift for a friend. The phone arrived in a timely manor. However the battery would not charge. My friend made contact and a new battery was sent. As of today the phone is up and running. I gave three stars only because the original battery was defective. However I have the same phone and it is working well&#62; Bobe0823

Upgraded from a very basic phone to this.  Well worth it!  Easily transferred my minutes via Tracfone support.  Nice phone.  Fast delivery.

Great value. Small enough to fit in your pocket. Perfect for kids. I'm tempted to drop Verizon's overpriced plan and get one for myself.

I went back to my LG 500, this phone is kind of insensitive in the touch part of touch screen

It's easy to use and it has good reception. I live in a rural area this is important. I didn't realize that it has a antena plugin under the battery cover and works great with willson antena. You can't beat the price and the triple minutes are great.

He will be so excited his first phone ever.. I looked for a trac fone for the simple reason it is so easy to get minutes and this little cutie is on the youtube with some instruction and for a beginner phone he should have a good time.  Thanks for the speedy delivery we are impressed

The 5-star rating is for the seller, whose service and price were outstanding.The phone, however, is a different matter.  Although it works without any serious problems, the so-called Owner's Manual is essentially a CYA of legalese.  There is very little to no information on how to use the many functions of the phone.  Instead, one finds page after page of legal declarations, stipulations, and the like.  When I went to LG's website in hopes of finding a more detailed Owner's Manual, the only document available was the same miserable Owner's Manual.  It's really too bad, because the phone works well--with &#34;No Thanks&#34; to LG for guidance in its use.So, 5 stars for the seller, 4 stars for the phone, and minus-5 stars for the Owner's Manual (yes, I know one can not give such a rating).

Easy to use and lifetime triple minutes, what more can I say? I bought this for my husband after his other phone quit working. It was a motorola.

I was happy about this phone at first, then that short lived. I didn't even have it for a month and it just went dead on me. Does not turn on, just a black screen. The bummer part is I just purchased more minutes. I just ordered another phone, I guess going cheap doesn't pay in the long run...besides that, the shipment was fast and it was packed very well.

LG800G is a very nice phone, fairly slim, light, holds an additional 4g mini memory card in back.Drawback is you have to be careful for it is easy probably by design to accidently hit the internet connect button, costs you 50cents a pop.So disable or just watch it.Good camera.Get the Usb cable to down load updates, download photos to your computer or upload stuff into this phone.Get a phone charger, real cheap on internet auction places too, double check all for &#34;lowest price&#34;.

have not used it but 1 time however someone keeps calling the nbr and hangs up about 50 times this has used a lot of my minutes, help

Found it kind of confusing. Couldn't find important information in the manual. Biggest objection - if you carried it in your pocket and made certain body moves the phone would activate and stay on and deplete the battery without your knowing that it was alive on one of the programs.

Love the phone,but....no manual that helps me with the kinds of icons on the front and top. Nothing to help with different ways of setting the phone, no explanations of what I can do with the phone......and cannot receive pictures on the phone or send pictures.

This phone does the job.  I wanted to have a phone with easier texting and the ability to connect to the web on rare occasions.  The touchscreen keyboard makes texting much easier than on a numerical keypad, which is what I had before this phone.  Getting on the web (Facebook, Gmail, etc.) is not very user friendly, but it is possible.  The touch screen takes some getting used to.  This phone obviously doesn't compare to a fancy Android or iPhone, but if you're looking for cheap basics it will do what you need.  I've been using Tracfone for a while now and it has saved me a bunch of money over the years.

I would like to download music to the phone..got the USB cable and the SD card..installed the card and formatted it..I connected cable to computer and phone and got the screen mass storage and clicked Yes...and then I got my computer and my removable disk E is my Cd drive?..nothing else came up and I am stumped what to do from here...I pulled up a step by step visual on how to do this on utube and the screen that is supposed to appear after you click yes to mass storage does not appear on my screen...even my daughter who knows how to do this is stumped.....any suggestionsthanks,

The device itself is not bad and fits perfectly in your pocket. It is just not an ideal phone for texting

For five days the phone worked great and I was very impressed with the features, the touch screen, the overall design and the logical manner in which the operating system was organized. On the fifth day the touch screen began to be unresponsive intermittently. Fortunately, I had installed a micro SD card and was able to transfer all the contact information I had entered to the micro SD card.When I called Tracfone customer support I found the reps to be very willing to be helpful and very polite. (Considering that a lot of folks, when they call tech support of any kind, unleash their pent up anger on these reps who had no personal part in the problem that the customer is experiencing, it was refreshing to find the reps at Tracfone so willing to be helpful and so polite.)I am currently waiting for a replacement new phone from Tracfone, it should arrive soon. I fully expect that this is one of those "manufacturing defect" type situations that can literally happen with any product. The LG800G comes bundled with "triple minutes for the life of the phone" (one heck of a deal). Essentially you get two free minutes for every minute you purchase.  Hopefully I'll get at least a couple of years out of the replacement phone, wish me luck.........

Yeah, what doesn't have its kinks. So far so good. I been with tracfone for over a decade, possibly even with the same phone. It was time for an upgrade! I like tracfone, it too has its kinks (Customer Service, UGH!). But overall as long as I don't have to talk to CS, it's great.I don't use (NEED) many "smart phone feartures", I just need to get my call out and send an occasional text message. Honestly for emergancies only, plus the refill for $10 (30minx3,not too bad).Yeah, you will probably turn to the web for further instructions and features for the phone. It does have auto-lock, leaving you to waste a minute taking it off while on a call, pretty annoying.Eh, but for less than $40 and two phones later, totally in my bugdet. It has a second screen where you can add pictures and the pictures is a speed dial. You click the pic and then in seconds make your call to that person. I love this feature and honestly, I'm glad I purchased one for my son aswell. He's 8, and it gives me piece of mind that in one click he has access to me, my husband or grandparents...etc. Btw, HE LOVES this phone. It was with in our budget and in my son's case, it was only $20, I would rather loose $20 than $40, $100, $200 dollars. So if it gets lost or damaged, I'm not out a lotta bucks and steaming mad! Overall not bad for the price cute little phone, wouldn't pay more than $25 for it though. If you can get it under $25, totally worth it!

simple touch screen - although trac phone company leaves a lot to be desired- it took 4 times to activate- their trained monkeys had no clue. Plus they will have to send you another sim card. UUUOOOaHHHH to you trac phone - 3 hours wasted

My 6th grade daughter loves her new cell phone.  The Tracfone is a great choice for kids who need a way to text or call but no internet access.

Now to update my thoughts on this phone:  This phone runs on AT&T.  Had I known that, I never would have bought it.  AT&T has lousy service in my area - mid Michigan.  I am presently looking for a different phone with a Verizon Service, which works great in mid Michigan.  This WOULD be a great phone if it worked on Verizon.

This phone looks good, but performs very poorly. Cheaply made and at times very unresponsive. The only good feature is the triple minutes for life. Thought this was an upgrade from my double minutes flip phone. Nope.

YOU GET WHAT  YOU PAY FOR. :(It is okay as a phone, but, remember, you are getting some extra features for low cost.  The camera is kind of jumpy, the games are slow and just basic.  Altogether, I wanted more features than I paid for and wanted it to behave like a high cost phone.  Didn't get it.  The old saying is true: you get what you pay for.

I need a cheap phone to keep in touch with people because the phone I ordered from my carrier wasn't working and I am waiting on the replacement.  I don't use phones often and I was happy to have this to use in the interim.

my son who is delayed devel just want to have a smart phone without having to get a contract this phone is what I got. they could make more than a few improvement. screen is not good for a touch screen, no program for computer

I purchased the LG800G with triple minutes for life for both of my children.One 12 and one an adult.The triple minute bonus was a big influence on my decision as we only really use our phones to keep in contact with each other.We love the ease of navigation this phone offers.We never drop calls and texting is a breeze.They are very satisfied with the quality of this product.

This phone has great features, it belongs to my wife, I bought it for her she loves it and is learning to use it, I'm trying to help her, the users guide is not a great help, my wife loves the touch screen & ease of use & triple minutes. I will make my recommendations later, my wife has the final word, on this phone.

I have had a lot of phones but I've never had one that had 5 bars but no service. It didn't want to connect when my older tracfon it replaced doesn't have a problem. Got a case and an adapter for this phone and it's just a waste. I'm not sure if this phone just uses a bandwidth the universe hates or everyone uses but i cannot do anything with it unless i'm out in the open and clear skies.

I have used TracFones for about 5 years and like the service i get from them. When they offered Triple Minutes i changed over to the LG 800g. This phone is very easy to use. Sometimes getting the bars up takes a little longer than my other phone but i have no problem with getting service in my area. I live in a very rural area where reception is hard to get sometimes but have no trouble with this phone.

This phone meets the needs of my kids and I just put minutes on it as needed!!! This phone is a great deal!!!!

I did not want to spend the money on a contract phone. Just needed something for short talks and emergencies. This phone is a great size and the touchscreen is a nice step up from my previous tracfone. I have a little trouble with the texting on the touchscreen, but that is something I need to work on. It does have a neat write to text feature that is helping me in the meantime. I have a hearing impairment, but after raising the volume I am able to hear on this phone better than my landline phone. Very clear and loud. Love that you can enlarge the font size too. I have since bought a 4GB microSD card and a data cable and am looking forward to adding music and more to my phone. I love it!

My husband and I have owned Tracfone's for 8 years. He's not a big cell phone guy therefore I haven't been able to talk him into phones like and Antroid Touch or an iphone, which I'd love. So I have to settle for what Tracfone has to offer. After losing my newest phone (LG 500g) I deceided to go with what I really wanted and that was a touch screen phone. This model has not disappointed me. I call it the "poor mans touch screen phone" because the size obviously doesn't compare to iphones or Androids but if your looking for a phone like that with extras such as web browsing, games (with game download capability), camera, video, and a few other things like an alarm setting ect. then this just might fill that need. The thing I like about it compared to a phone like the LG 500g is that it's a full screen and not a keyboard taking up half the available screen space. I downloaded the Facebook app and it's actually worth using the web browser to check Facebook & email. Texting it easy. Not any more difficult then trying to hit the right keys on the small LG 500g keyboard. I'm finding the screen very responsive to touch as well. I ordered a memory card as well because I needed to get some video of my son's piano sent to me from an iphone but my LG5 500g said there wasn't enough room to receive them AFTER it deducted my units for them:( Had problems with accidently hitting the browser button with my LG 500g and I lost a lot of units that way. Shouldn't be a problem with this phone. That was the deciding factor when choosing between this phone and the Samsung 404g. I hope this review helps. I would also recommend a phone cover because these phones are quite slippery, which is how I lost my last phone.

I ordered it and received the phone in 3 days, This is my 4th phone from Tracfone.  I upgrade about every three years the phone took alittle getting used to with its touch screen. I am very happy with my purchase and the service.  Thanks Tracfone keep up the good work. And thanks to Amazon for their quick service.

I have to add my warning to those who would purchase a tracfone from Amazon!  I use Amazon all the time for purchases since I live 100 miles from any major store - HOWEVER once in a while it pays to shop in person.  After purchasing this phone, I tried to activate the phone but was told that it was not the proper phone for my area which the person determined by my zip code.  I was told that I needed to provide another zip code in order to activate.  I picked a zip code from the air - one in Phoenix AZ (100 miles away).  Now I have an area code from Phoenix, and I have a phone that is constantly roaming while I am at home.  When I went to create a voice mail box, I was told that I could not do that while the phone was in the roam mode....  I can only wonder what other features will not work!  BEWARE - you might be better off buying a local fone from a brick and mortar store!!

If you are like me and just need a cell phone for convenience and not for e-mail or internet and everything else, this is a great choice. It's much cheaper than any monthly plan and you won't be paying for minutes you will never use. Service is pretty good and rarely drops calls. However, the person you are talking to may not hear you very well. Overall a good purchase for basic cell use.

I READY VERY HAPPY WITHN THE PHONE AND IT FREATURES ON THE PHONE ITS GOING TAKE TIME TO USED TO IT THANK YOU JRT

I ordered this phone for my husband because he liked my Net10 LG 800G so much.  He already had a phone through Tracfoneso he really liked the idea of getting triple minutes with a LG 800G.  It charged up fine and he was able to switch theservice over to it the next day.He was able to use it for a few phone calls but after it sat around unused for a short amount of time (30 minutes),it died.  It was completely unresponsive.  The power button did nothing.  We thought maybe the battery had died somehow.We plugged it back into charge and the phone came back to life showing full charge.  The phone worked fine for about 10more minutes before going dead again.It might be cheaper to buy it here, but it is certainly not for the best in the long run!  It's a pain in the rear topack everything back up and send it back.  Wish it hadn't had any problems :(EDIT: My husband and I had identical phones and swapped the batteries around to check if the battery was the issue.It was not...

Finally a phone I can see and hear clearly ! Love Tracfone and appreciate no contract service. Manual was skimpy with directions but as one reviewer suggested- Google for manual & downloaded to computer & can look up what I need anytime. Triple minutes & buying online with bonus offers- averages $.06 or so per minute.  I'm in rural area & never have problem with reception. Love this phone !

I purchased this for my wife and she is just as happy as if she had good since!  Really, she likes it a lot.

Bought two of these for my sons for their first cell phones. Easy to understand and use. Has kept a charge for several days. They aren't big talkers, but even so, the battery had a longer life than I expected. Triple minutes with tracfone ends up being way less expensive than adding them onto our AT&T family plan.

I'm going to just mention the texting.  It's a real deal killer at this point in the tech evolution. Three HUGE negatives: 1) there is no subject threading - sent and received are separate. Can't connect response to question! I know - mind-blowing.  2) there is no way to archive or save to the 4 Gig you installed - really - this completely blew my mind.  (There actually is a way using a SIM CARD EDITOR (TIP TIP TIP) but I haven't done it yet) WAIT - I'M NOT DONE:  3) the screen touch-sensitivity and wandering makes it almost impossible to use fingers for texting.  It seriously takes MINUTES where normal slider or capacitive screen takes seconds. GET A STICK (anything works).  BUT OH WAIT - (BONUS BONUS) - THERE'S ONE MORE BIG SUCK: IT MAXES OUT AT 500 MESSAGES TOTAL - and then it summarily DUMPS YOUR NEXT MESSAGE. Okay? And it takes about 30 seconds to preview and delete a message. IF IT LETS YOU SELECT IT AT ALL.OUCH I SERIOUSLY WANT A NEW PHONE.OKAY - I have to at least mention the internet - NOTHING WORKS except what TRACFONE PROVIDES, for me it's the weather - once in a while headline news.  THAT'S IT - don't even think about normal web surfing - ain't gonna happen. VERY FRUSTRATING.GOOD SIDE: it's small enough to use one-handed anytime - say while riding a bike with the other hand - and I'm not even going to worry if I drop it!  (Duh.)AND . . . it actually takes decent pix with a wide-angle glued in a hole in the case (TIP TIP TIP) - AND - the audio is pretty good when recording to sucky (but small - great for comparison shopping) video.THANKS FOR YOUR REVIEWS.

We have 3 of these phones in the family and the only thing they do well is phone calls, the touch screen is horrible, texting is difficult. When texting it will not recognize some letters and you have to push and push or get a pen to push to get it to work, on occasion the phone will not turn on and you have to take the battery out and put it back in to get it to respond, battery life is horrible as well. These problems are on all 3 phones and my friends LG800 as well.Don't get me started on dial up internet with this thing, what a joke

This phone is just awful! So small, and you have to pound on the screen just to select something or write a message. I've had it about 4 months and the battery has died and I only had to charge it every few days since it's not used so much. No reason for the battery to die so soon. Phone shuts off and restarts if too many messages come through at once. Guess it can't handle the over load. Camera is very horrible, but what do you expect on a crappy prepaid phone? Don't bother. Find a better phone.

Nice phone but transferring minutes and number from the old TracFone was extremely cumbersome and time-consuming. Initially, everything went well at the TracFone website until it came time accept the accumulated minutes they said I had. There was a discrepancy of over 850 minutes I didn't want to lose, so after spending a lot to time on line, I still had to call the 800 number and go through everything again with the customer service rep. She finally said she had everything taken care of--new phone activated, old number and minutes transferred to it--to turn both phones off, wait 15 minutes and try making a call on the new LG 800G.When I did as instructed, however, I found that the old phone was indeed disabled (no service, no minutes left on it), but the new phone had not been activated. Waited a while longer, then went to my account online and went through a another long bizarre process of entering multiple sequences of numbers to activate the new phone. When I finally succeeded, the number and all the minutes were indeed transferred. However, the date on this LG 800G is exactly one month ahead of today's date. It is Tuesday, August 21 but the screen display indicates that today's date is Friday, September 21.I read all instructions again, searched through the phone, and found no way to manually override the automatic date assigned. Another 45 minutes on the phone with a different customer service representative yielded no answer to the problem except that I should wait and see if it self corrects in a few days. . . She asked if I had been traveling through different time zones with the phone recently which could have caused it to re-set the time. But I explained that the time is not the issue. The time of day is correct. It is the DATE that is set exactly one month ahead. Problem not resolved. What I think this means is that I am probably losing a month of service time, but I could not seem to convey that concern to the TracFone rep, who consulted with her supervisor multiple times during the course of the conversation, and in the end came up with no plausible explanation or resolution.In summation, I like the phone and its features, and the order placed through Amazon.com was processed and delivered very quickly. But the date (day and month) on the new LG 800G is wrong, and the activation process and support was unsatisfactory when transferring unused TracFone minutes and an existing number from an old phone to the new one.UPDATE: Online research (through Google) revealed that several others in phone discussion groups had the identical wrong date problem on the LG 800G. One individual suggested removing the battery from the phone for a while. Today the date had rolled up to Saturday, September 22 when it was actually Wednesday, August 22, so I figured I had nothing to lose. I tried that suggestion and it worked! The phone date is now correct. Wonder why TracFone customer service couldn't have given me this very simple fix.

I just needed a side phone and this works really well. My daughter may use it or someone else as a second phone.It's small but serves it purpose.It came on time and I was happy with the quality seeing that it was an inexpensive phone....

My young children are pleased with the phone.  I paid about $40 (including shipping) and this is the cheapest I've seen. The touch screen is nice and activation was easy. I called the toll free number and entered the serial number, etc.. About an hour later I opened my account online and signed up for a monthly plan for my kids. The triple minutes is not as great of a deal as I thought. It's not bad but you can decide. So for about $21.50 (tax included)  you get 375 mins each month (125mins x 3). So that's not bad about 5.7 cent a minute. Now on to the phone ... first impressions: The icons on the home page of the phone are little cartoons which could be conceived as cheap. The camera has fun features and the kids played the games. Which may be demos. Overall, the phone is decent. It's small and thin. Its a good phone with some bells and looks like a smart phone. It has the qwerty keyboard when messaging it was tough for us to figure out how to switch the keyboards so play around if you get the old style.

I bought two of these phones one for me and one for my husband they are easy to use and meet our needs. I bought two one year service so we do  not get monthly bills. Works for us.

I have used Tracfone for about 3 years now, they are cheap in price with both their service and their phones. I don't use my cell phone a lot, so low prices are my biggest concern. After awhile though, I wanted something better than just a phone. I wanted something like a smartphone, something I could play games on, access the internet, etc., but I knew that would be too expensive. When I saw this phone, I thought it would be the best of both worlds, cheap prices and smartphone features. I was wrong. From the very minute I turned this phone on I knew I made a bad choice. The touch screen is very unresponsive and/or wonky even when it's calibrated. Sometimes I touch the screen and nothing happens, sometimes something I didn't touch will open, or sometimes a combination of both where nothing happens for a few seconds and then something I didn't touch will open. The internet program pre-installed on the phone is very cumbersome, slow to load and then the tabs on the screen are so small that it's almost impossible to press the tab you want without opening something you don't want to. I tried loading Opera's web browser on to it, but the phone apparently didn't appreciate me using it because it keeps saying it has invalid signatures even though I made sure it was a legitimate download. That being said, their are apps for the phone out there, but few seem very appealing to me. Just accessing a few websites will drain your minute balance because of how slow the browser operates. I give it 2 stars because it has the triple minute feature which is very nice if you talk or text a lot, but there are other Tracfone phones with the same feature. Check around before you commit to buy any phone, but if you heed my advice you'll stay away from this one.

Does more than any other Tracfone I've ever had.  Pictures taken with the camera are really clear & great looking.

We liked the phone but it doesn't hold a charge even though it says it's fully charged. The camera also doesn't work properly.

Great price and triple minutes, what a DEAL! What does suck is the cost deductions just to browse the Internet this will eat up your minutes.

Purchased the phone.Received an email about a promotion code.Tried to enter the code.. not a valid code.Here is where the real problems began... Called and waited for over 10 minutes to get connected... to be told... oh, that code has expired.Had to ask to talk to a manager... oh, that code is expired...I said: This code arrived in a NEW email to me with an expiration date of 06/29/2012.Ok, Tracfone will try to honor it. (???????????)Gave my info, he was supposed to put the minutes AND the code on... nothing.Waste of over 35 minutes.Called back, and immediately requested a manager of which they will not connect unless you explain everything again.Finally got ANOTHER manager and had to explain everything once again.She said that the reason the time did not go on was because I had to put in another code (???????????)and that the reason that the promotion code did not go through was because it is not a valid one (?????????)I did offer to forward the Tracfone email so that she could see that it was a NEW EMAIL with a valid expiration date that was sent to me.This is the explanation as I am to understand from them today is:  the promotion codes that are being emailed and texted to you will be honored if you call and request them to be honored and validated. {just be aware of 30 or more minutes per call}Also, the  Locked  feature is so annoying.

Just got this going yesterday.  It took 3 calls to Tracfone to get them to port my old phone number to this new phone.  It was no big deal.  I was informed from the get-go that it was a 2 or 3 phase process, that the systems needed to update and call back after an hour or so.  I was happy with the service, and after the third call I was off and running.I picked up a 16GB micro SD card on sale, but the phone did not recognize it.  Someone on amazon pointed out that the max memory card the phone takes is 4GB!  Bummer :(  I put in a 4GB card, and now the external memory is working and much better than the old phone. I've synced up and backed up all my contacts!!!The texting on this phone is great!  I love the full screen keyboard and the way the predictive text pops up and lets you take it or leave it (unlike my old phone where it was either on predictive mode or not--this phone has both going at the same time:  you're in text mode, but the predictive words appear, in a window, and if you want them, you can just touch them to insert!!)I paid $50 from Tracfone, that included free shipping and an accessory kit.  the accessory kit was not very useful.  It does have a very nice universal car charger, but the case and the headsets are not for this phone.  I think the $35 price on Amazon is probably better!

I Truly love it, still learning about it,triple the fun also.I am learning,and soon will be able to do more thanwith old phone.

The back cover likes to come off, but you get you paid for. Seems to function all right. Okay phone.

I got this phone for my daughter. However, this phone is more like a toy than a phone. I am not impressed at all.

This phone is horrible. It takes your mins even when you cant send a text or make a call. Then when you can finally get service it will take your mins again. The service is not very good with this phone. Texting on this phone is a joke too. Its an all around bad phone. I wish we wouldnt of gotten, its been a headache since day one....

this phone is cheap and works great, we have spent $40 in 6 months on this phone, thats it. she uses it freely, and its basically industructible. its great!

Up-graded our Tracfones and they are great phones for the price! Told my friends and co-workers about this cool phone.

This 800G Tracfone seemed like a good idea at the time. It was going to be my first touch screen phone and  since I had just lost my job,  It gave good minute bargains and yet it is a very difficult and clunky phone to try to use. There is an annoying feature that puts a lock on the screen that you really have to press really hard to remove in order to:1) Dial2) Answer a call3) check voice mail (for which you must put in a password and then hit the lock again!)It is incompatible with my experiences with technology.  I am experienced and read good reviews before deciding to purchase this phone.  Now I understand why hardly anyone is selling it at any stores that sell pay as you go phones.I wish I had returned it in 30 days.  I kept thinking I would figure it out.  The truth is, I have figured it out...it's clunky and difficult to use.

I am disappointed with this purchase.  I bought it specifically because it said it was app capable.  There is nothing in the Tracfone instruction book or the LG800G owners manual about apps.  I contacted Tracfone who told me it did not handle apps, even though the package says it does.  I found a video on You Tube about adding apps.  After numerous trials I finally was able to download the app I wanted.  However it does not work.  I also have found that after I dial a number the screen locks, so if I have to exter further information {for service press one,) I have to unlock it after each entry.  The web browser does not have keys for [...] and .com, but they are on another screen.  The touch screen is not very sensitive.  I also tried downloading a ringtone from Tracfone.  I had to do it twice (and was charged twice, although they reversed the second charge.)  Tracfone's customer service is apparently in India, and the clerks are difficult to understand.  (The person I talked with kept referring to the app as a "picture".)  If you send an e-mail, they will call you. Unless you know a lot about cellphones and are very patient, you would probably be well-advised to look for something more user friendly.

I love this phone because it's everything I need in a phone, got touch screen ,camera that I can take pictures and develop, got triple minutes and more. I don't need any other phone for me

I've always loved LG phones UNTIL I got two of these.  They are awkward and miserable to use.  They keep going into lock mode every 15 seconds or so.  Trying to make sense out of the manual is nearly impossible.  A battery went out prematurely and took forever to identify it and then it was nearly impossible to find.  I gave them away with lots of minutes still on them and their new owners gave them back.  They're junk.

I did not want an expensive phone with lots of bells and whistles. This is a good phone for the price. I like the qwerty keyboard which is well lite and easy to see.

I bought this cell phone about one year ago from another seller. It seemed like a great deal with the triple minutes, but buying this phone has turned out to be a complete waste of money. The touch screen responds poorly and often freezes up. Most of the time the phone will lock up and will only respond when the battery is removed and replaced. Also, the reception and voice quality are very poor, with lots of static in the background of conversations. Tracfone claims this thing will work on Verizon and AT&T networks, but that is not true all of the time. My old Verizon cell phone will show several bars in some areas of town when this crappy LG/Tracfone does not have any reception. Once the air time service runs out on this garbage LG/Tracfone, I will purchase a prepaid plan from Verizon. At least my old Verizon cell phone is capable of working properly!

Truthfully I really liked this phone but do to the fact that I live up north where I'm either surrounded by thousands of trees or down in a valley the phone doesn't get reception for me so I had to send it back the nice thing about it was the seller was very understanding and had no problems with me returning the phone I just unfortunately can't rate the phone any higher because I couldn't put it to use. If you live in an area where you would have good reception this phone would most likely work great and it look very nice to. I just wish I could have gotten to use it and keep it.

got a phone activated it got minutes no phone number cant call text or nothing put minutes on it got a wrong sim my money went to some one elses phone not  mine

The touch screen on this phone is the least sensitive I have ever seen. DO NOT buy if you like to text. The screen is an issue for quick typers. Browser is useless. Service is awesome. I can get a signal in areas which many more expensive services fail, including cement buildings. I'm switching to something with a keyboard.

Love this LG800 Touch Screen Phone + its Features!!!! Was told I could keep my old number cause it was my Business phone but was very upset when I activated it I was not able to keep it an had to notify ALL my CUSTOMERS (appx 200) an give them my new number!!!!

its a good reliable phone. The touch screen is little hard to press on, but not to bad. This is the best phone for its price; great for anyone who needs to talk alot with a little texting on the side.

Sometimes it takes a while to start up from stand by. I had to take the battery out and put it back in a few times to start it back up. It only works with up to 4GB SDHC, not 8GB like some websites list. I've accidentally unlocked it and started the browser from my pocket. You might want to take the browser icon off your main screen. Triple minutes are a big plus, and it's a lot easier to get the promo minutes than my last track phone. Runs Java apps, 3gp video, several sound file types. Records video, sound and takes pictures. No text editor, but a decent memo pad. Keyboard input doesn't work for certain info fields though. Overall a good budget smart phone, just know its limits ahead of time.

I have an old Samsung Galaxy S my roommate gave me to try in my job which is inside a hole inside of South Central Idaho. Because TMobile refuses to build a tower or that Samsung is more than worthless in this area...got this Tracfone. Even though the building I work in is built like a Faraday cage...I can step outside or just inside the entrance and get all bars through AT&T's network with this phone. This phone works like a dream and is great with triple minutes...along with readily accessible promo codes...I got 200 minutes with a 60 minute card. Now...I can look for another job...call the doctor or contact friends where I could not do so before.

I really am impressed with this little phone. I would give 5 stars but my reception is poor in my condo. I don't know if it's the phone's strength or the fact that my condo has dead  spots. That said, I love this little phone. I have a computer and an Ipad so I don't need the bells and whistles that come with the smart phones and I don't have the attrocious costs. The triple minutes feature is GREAT!

I had an old Tracfone and wanted to transfer my existing number and minutes.  Somehow in the process, the 1200 minutes which came with the new phone did not appear as I expected.  You have to use a pin which came on an insert in the packaging.  I never saw it.  The seller straightened everything out when I contacted them.  Triple minutes is a good deal.  The LG 800 is okay too although it takes some getting used to.  Most of the functions like photos and music seem very slow, but then I am slow too.

Cannot set phone up! Neither phone or website works for me...........the automated phone voice keeps saying goodbye and the website won't continue to next page after the boxes are filled in. Tried each 3 times!Does Tracfone have a real person to talk with? Phone number pls. Help!

This phone is great! Great Value for not only the purchase but for future minute purchases as well. I bought one for myself and also for my daughter. Would recommend this phone to anyone.

This phone will take some getting used to for a former flip-phone user. I bought it for my husband, thinking it would be easier to use, but he didn't like it.  He now has my old flip-phone and I am trying to figure out the new one!  I wish it were narrower since it does not fit in some of my purses' pockets.  Also, I must keep the screen locked so nothing gets accidentally pushed.  I do love the triple minute factor and the large camera field.  I'm sure I will learn to like it once I know it better!

Didn't buy ours at Amazon but at Shopko for about same price(on sale). Other review I read said it all....poor mans perfect cell phone. triple minutes for life. Lot of nice features and battery hold a very long charge even with wife and daughter playing around with them learning the new functions. Waiting for my old motorolla to die and i will get the same. Bought 2, 1 for the wife and 1 for my daughter and they love'em!Let the rest pay $45 to $85 a month on cell phone contracts....I'll get the same service and features for less than $20 a month with NO CONTRACT! If I break it or lose it, no big deal,...only out $30.

This phone is so small.  The touch screen goes awry when you are selecting one thing, it goes to something else.  When it comes to texting it is extremely hard to press and when sliding the screen it's hard as well.I wasted money on this phone and now have to get another one.Shameful!  Although I have set the phone up and used it, I would truly return it if I could.

Not only will this phone 'not' work, I can't get any help from customer support, it won't register a phone number, nothing!!!  Disappointed is an understatement...

This is my fourth Tracfone and the best one so far.  It is a upgrade from a Motorola W376.  I read numerous reviews and this phone lived up to them.  You don't know who texts are from without opening them.  I haven't figured out how to make playlists in the mp3 player, which I notice that I use more than I thought I would.  Ringtones have to be under 300Kb.It was easy to personalize.  My best friend loves that it plays the Imperial March from Star Wars when he calls.I'm glad I bought it.  If I lost it tomorrow, I would replace it with the same one.

I don't use my phone that often so having a reliable device that doesn't require a long term committment is great.

This is the second time I've purchased this phone; since I lost the first one. It's not an iphone people, but it certainly gets the job done and it's very well priced! Highly recommended.

I have never had a tracfone or and kind of prepaid phone. This one works excellent for texting and I also listen my music on it a lot. I have tons of pics that I have put on there. I might even get another for my parents.

We read the reviews and we can only confirm that this seems to be reasonable equipment for how much you pay. Surely not to compare with I-phone and stuff like that, but then you wouldn't only pay this amount either. So if you like a solid touch phone but don't need the internet capabilities of smart phone then go for it.

Wow! A Tracfone touch screen phone! I had to try it! Well, I did, and I was disappointed.Top 10 Reasons Why I Replaced This Phone10. The handwriting recognition function did not reliably track movements on the screen. More time was spent correction recognition errors than expected.9. Susceptible to butt-dialing.8. Despite accurate calibration, touches on the screen were misinterpreted.7. Audio fidelity was poor6. Screen locked too quickly after dialing voicemail; had to unlock keypad to log in5. Low capacity for music storage; clunky file transfer method.4. Camera was either not operable (first unit -- exchanged), or blurry (unit 2)3. Scrolling with finger gesture was clunky and unpredictable.2. On-off button frustratingly sometime ignored presses1. The connections were flaky, sometimes cutting out briefly.  After a connection, there was about .5 seconds of silence.  Not very good.I liked the battery life and the construction.  All told, a nice try, but no cigar.  My new phone is a nice little Samsung with a slide out keyboard SCH-R455c  (the "c" means VERIZON network, which seems to be better here than the patchy AT&T;).

I initially purchased a refurbished model of this phone from tracfone and used it for approx. one month. I ordered this one from amazon for the triple minutes for life but returned it without activating it, because of the problems I had with the first one.  Perhaps the one I got from tracfone was buggy.  I had problems setting up voicemail. and touch screen was slow to respond. occasionally the screen would freeze, and I would turn off phone and restart it,  and then it would work.  I  kept accessing the browser by accident, until I found out how to remove the browser icon from the home screen, highly recommend doing this. otherwise will loose minutes.  overall I found this phone not very user friendly.  I'm finding the newer model( that I purchased from Amazon) much easier to set up and use, touch screen better, very pleased with newer model.  This model is less than half the price, though, , and ok for making basic phone calls.  at first I could not figure out how to access the dial pad during a call.  the dial pad would disappear once the phone call started and 4 odd icons showed up at the bottom of the screen.  You have to unlock the screen again and then more icons show up, including the one for the dial pad.  One frustrating thing about this phone, the screen would lock during use,  requiring freq. unlocking while using it. program would still work but I would have to unlock the screen anytime I wanted to access other options.  on the newer model the screen does not lock while program is running.  dial pad icon is visible without having to do anything else. much easier to use. touch screen is larger and more responsive.  and browser icon is not on home page.  I found this model frustrating to use,  much prefer the newer model. well worth the additional cost. and Amazon has great deals.  I still love my LG840 phone, highly recommend that model.UPDATEStay away from this one. I kept it and have had it on airplane mode, just using it for it's stopwatch app. but it will not hold a charge. I do not use it very much and every time I turn it on the battery is dead.  the latest time,  I charged it and the next day  it was dead again. with no use of it at all.am not able to use it at all. for anything, is total waste of money.  Lg840 phone is much better deal. I am so glad I upgraded to the new model. I would hate to have to rely on this buggy, dead battery phone, do not recommend it even for basic calls.

The phone works great most of the time.  My problem with it is that if it has not been sed for several hours an incomming call is treated as though the phone was turned off.

I bought the last one on ebay but shopped Amazon looking for one for my son and saved money buying this one from Amazon.

I'm an older guy... I do not like cell phones.  Probably not the phone, but the people who use them...some can't drive without one stuck in their ear, friends can't talk with you in fear of missing a call... hate those people... anyway,  if you have to have one.. this is pretty good deal, especially with triple minutes... signal service is great...

It is easy to use pay as you go no hassles no worries.  Easy to program and comes in handy to carry in car for the camera function.

This probably would be a half-way decent "starter" touch screen phone, except it randomly shuts down and won't turn on again until I pop the battery out and then back in.  "Customer Service" is clueless and could only refer me to the phone's manual.Other "features" include a clumsy touchscreen, internet access that is so slow as to be useless, and what has to be the lowest resolution camera available on a phone.

Went online to transfer my old number from my Tracfone that died. Website would not work, after many attempts said call to activate, that would be fine but I have no phone. Got someone to come over, reps very busy, after many attempts got through and arrived at the gates of hell. Heard many reps all talking in the background, that and static made it very hard to communicate. This rep needed to pass info to other rep to complete process, rep very busy. Used up friends minutes, waiting over 30 minutes, it took 30 to get to wait another thirty. Asked for call back when they got the other person on the line, said okay....lied. After another 30 minutes called back. This guy seemed to know what he was doing....I was wrong. After 20 minutes said it was complete, number and minutes transfered, wait one hour and call someone and that will activate phone. This is day three of receiving phone. Seems to be a nice paperweight. Tried emailing, only got canned response to something I did not ask about. Website won't allow me to drop minutes and just get a new number, you still have to call in. In AZ I am not sitting in 117  for an hour to deal with that mess again. Tracfone fix your wrbsite, read our email, hire more employees, spread them out and train them!UPDATE - The following day I decided to start an account on their website to tell them how I feel. It took me to my account and showed my phone as pending so I clicked on it and found nine strings of numbers to enter on my phone. Then it kicked me out, went back in and found another five strings of numbers. And now my phone is on. This would have be simple information to give me over the phone or in the email I sent begging for help. So if you are buying a phone for the first time, with a new number it should be painless. Anything else....OMG. The phone is great.

I am saving a lot of money using this phone because of the triple minutes.  I am retired and usually use my phone in the car in case of an emergency because I have a land line.  It is user friendly.  I used to be with Sprint and would lose a lot of minutes each month because I had the minutes for 30 days and If I didn't use them they were lost. With my trac phone I feel more in control.  The phone lets me know how many minutes I have left and how many days I have left to use these minutes. It is easy to add minutes.  I've had my phone for a month now and enjoyed good reception.  I also like the fact that I can use this phone to text and email whereas with my Sprint plan I would have to have a more expensive plan to text and search the web. I will save more than 60% a month compared to what I was paying my previous provider.  I love the savings and I still have a cell phone to use when I am away from home.

I got this phone for my 8yr son he needed a phone to call me when he was with his father. It works good and is easy to use.

This phone was perfect for my 10yr daughter who wanted a touchtone phone.  I did not want to add on the extra expense to my regular cell phone account until I see how responsible she can be. This phone is perfect!

for the price this phone is awesome. easy to use. the picture quality is great and the video quality is just as good, the touch screen is real easy to use.i purchased one for me and one for my husband . well worth it.

THIS  PHONE IS GOOD, FOR THE PEOPLE DONT TALK TOO MUCH, BY PHONE , LIKE ME, AND, TAKE ADVANCE, OF THE BONUS,

-The auto lock keeps appearing when you are using voicemail. You can only turn off auto lock when using features outside of a call or voicemail.  I understand the purpose of the auto lock is so you don't accidently make a call while the phone is in your pocket, but it's clearly a bad design flaw. The problem with voicemail is you need to access the dial pad and the auto lock screen keeps popping up and getting in your way.  One tactic is to hold your finger on the on/off button on the top of the phone when the pop up lock screen comes and it will take you back to the dial pad.-I tried a few java apps and felt that they were poor quality compared to the iPhone/android market. I was hoping to find a dictionary touch screen app but all they just had keyboard versions.  Opera Mini  is the best app I found for the lg800g but you shouldn't use this phone for internet as it just devours your minutes. I would only use opera mini in an emergency. Also it has no wireless chip or GPS.-The camera gives more clearer pictures over the 1.3 megapixel Tracfone w376g-As for the micro sd card it only goes up to 4gb and prefers SanDisk. I connect it using a A to microb cable which by the way you can buy at your local dollar tree.-QWERTY option is not present in default browser, calendar, tasks or contacts. Memo,sticky notes and major text messaging only has QWERTY.  Not having it in contacts is a con.

This phone was a gift for my husband.  My husband loves this phone. Easy to use this touch phone. Clear and the price was fantastic.

I bought this cell because I was paying a lot with my other one and I barely use it. So this works for me. I'm putting a 3 stars because I don't like the touchscreen, used to my iphone I feel this I have to press so hard and I still get the keys wrong. 2nd, I hate that I can't use any of the music I have as ringtones, is always saying that the file is to heavy even though I have some that are like 5-10 seconds long.

Connected to my tracfone account easily.  The instructions didn't show all the simple tasks such as message retrevial, contacts set up etc.

I like the fact that I can move the browser in a position where I don't accidentally hit it, costing me extra time.  I used to have a Motorola flip phone, which has an awesome camera, but I was always hitting the browser button which was placed in a conspicuous place.  This LG800 is a nice phone, and definitely a money saver with the triple minutes.  Sometimes it will just shut down by itself and then come back on.  But overall, I really like it.

I ordered this phone because my wife has had one for a long time now and really likes it.  It was received well within the expected time frame in excellent condition.  I found the phone to be easy to use and set up.  No problems with this item at all!

If your like me and are just looking for a phone to make calls and not pay a small fortune every month then the LG800G is the answer. For what my kids pay for every month I get a full years service, keeping in mind I do not text very often or web surf or otherwise use all the features this phone has to offer. The only thing keeping me from giving a five star rating is the inability to to customize the dialpad lock which can be a bit annoying as it turns on after only five seconds, but I can live with that for the money I save, no more contracts and pricy plans for me. For a $100 I got the one year 400 minute plan that tripled to 1200 minutes giving me more than enough talk time.

I had bought the Samsung S390G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes. Bad bad news. The one serious fault. It called sos by itself. Then it would call 911 which would forward to the locall police department who would call me and send a car. They where ok with it but I don't knoe if they believed me about the phone calling them. The phone could be off in my pocket, in my phone case, talking on and while I am talking you see the police flash on the screen. Tracfone let me transfer my minutes and phone number. However here is a tip for you if you are considering buying any phone. When you add your contacts PUT THEM ON MINI SD CARD! I had to manually enter them all. I am not a frequent user but I like to have a phone on me if my wife calls or if I need to text my daughter, nothing like getting home and finding out someone needed something. Anyway people will say there is no keyboard (As in full) not true. For all us old people out there, READ THE INSTRUCTIONS! Neat huh? I go to text and it comes right up. If I a 55 year old can do it you can do it. And the price $17.97! I moved the card off amsung S390G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes all the minutes where there. Plus when I added photos (again the book) I did not need to resize them. The was a plus and a minus button right on the screen when changing wallpaper. I have a 1 gb of photos on the phone and there is more than 3 gb free. What a age we live in. So avoid the other phone I mentioned. Like the plague. This is a winner plus it fits in the case from the other phone. So far in total, I used 2 $20.00 card and that was because our home home was down for a few days and I had to use 200 minutes but I still have over 100 minutes and for me it's a lot. Better signal than Att! 5 bars. Go figure. I am less than thrilled with the ring tone but no big deal.

I like it but would pprefer better instructions  since I am not cel savy I would prefer not to have to go to the internet  to get instructions on how to turn on vibrate volume and speaker e-mail photos etc.In other words the few instructions that come with the phone are not adequate for those who are  not cel experts especially us mature adults(seniors)

The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was that the touch screen isn't as easy to work with as I would like. Otherwise, for $20 and triple minutes...it can't be beat! It was very easy to transfer my phone number and minutes from my old tracfone as well. Lots of options on here I will never use (MP3 player, downloadable games). The camera is easy, but the picture quality is only so-so. Lots of different ring tones to choose from.

The phone works well and arrived immediately. It doesn't have an operating system and it burns a few minutes on the internet for games and ringtones, but a person could just buy a data cable and save minutes. Overall it's a great phone.

I bought this phone because i liked its features. i use my phone mostly for texting. i formerly had a virgin mobile phone, but it broke after many years of use. i used to buy a 1000 minute a month texting package from virgin for $10 a month. i bought a $60 card for my tracfone and it was used up after 3 months. it cost me $20 a month, double to that of virgin mobile.i found the tracfone itself difficult to use. furthermore, the manual and website did not explain things in a clear concise way. i ended up calling customer service when i had a problem.if you require a phone mainly for texting, stay clear of tracfone. i have gone back to virgin mobile

This is only the 3rd cellphone I have ever bought.  This sucker is slippery, so you might want to think about buying a case along with the phone.  I don't yack it up on the phone like so many girlie men out there.  Having said that, I have used it only in my home and the sound quality has been subpar so far.  I like all the features the phone has to offer.  Although I would like to be able to delete unnecessary sound clips, files, etc, etc, I will never use.  The manual is more like a "quick" guide than an in-depth tutorial on how to use all the features.  For a poor man's touch screen phone, it's not a bad little gadget.  Just don't expect it to operate like the newest and fastest iphone/whatever, and you won't be too disappointed.LATEST UPDATE 6/02/12I have triple minutes for life and the morons at tracfone keep spamming me with double minutes promotions.  I have opted out but they keep spamming me with stupid offers.  Oh yeah, they spam both my email account and cellphone.Also, the Press & Hold to unlock is really, really ANNOYING!

Amazon service was great, the price could not be beat and the phone is easy to use. This is my third Tracfone and it is the most economical cell phone service that I know of if you don't need a gillion minutes!

I just got my brand new LG800G and am SO frustrated and aggravated!!! The phone will NOT turn on but it's fully charged. I Googled this issue and others say to pull the battery & try powering on again. NOW I have another problem because I can't open the damn back cover to get to the damn battery. The instructions say it slides off, but it DOES NOT. It's LOCKED IN. And NOWHERE are there any instructions on how to open the back cover. So I have this brand new phone that I cannot use, not only because it won't power on, but because of that, I haven't even been able to activate the damn thing. I broke a fingernail trying to open it, and the phone's getting all scratched up due to my unsuccessful attempts to open the back cover. So even if I do ever get it operating & activated, it doesn't even look brand new anymore. I've been struggling with this damn phone for 3 hours and I'm about to give up & send the damn thing back to Amazon. I've never been so aggravated & frustrated over something so simple in my entire life.

My old Motorola Tracphone worked as good, if not better, than most contract phones, but was getting old so I 'upgraded' to the LG 800G.  All I really wanted was a good cellphone, at least as good as the one I had before, so I can say that it does OK as a cellphone.  When it comes to receiving and reading messages though, it can be really frustrating.  I turned off the locking feature on the phone, but that didn't turn off the locking feature on messages.  Its next to impossible to use the message mgt keys without having to unlock the screen again and again.  If there was a way to turn that lock off, this phone would be a lot more fun to use.

&#34;Suits my needs,&#34; says my son.  &#34;I wish I could connect to the Internet faster; however, it's really what I need,&#34; he adds.

I have been wanting a new phone without a contract and this work great for me. I like the idea that if I don't use it my minutes don't disappear.

Other than being it really small (and I have small hands), the phone itself is probably fine. (It's also really slippery--get a rubbery case.) Had to go with 3 stars because of the following:It's hard to talk much about the 800G's features, as I can't get signal on it most of the time, and when I do it's roaming. (Even outdoors I don't always get signal!) Since it's roaming, I can't access the internet/browser, which was kind of the point of getting this model. I spent a lot of time on my home phone with a very helpful Tracfone person today, and she ended up having to send me a different model (LG 505C) as a replacement. The 800G doesn't work where I am without roaming, it seems. And I'm not in a really rural area; the University of South Dakota is just a few blocks away. (There's an ATT tower less than a mile away, though, which is apparently the problem.) I can send and receive calls, just no internet.On the plus side, Tracfone was great about figuring out the problem and sending a replacement, even though it wasn't ordered from their site. On the minus side, it'll take 3-5 days to get here, but since that one is the same price on their site as it is here on Amazon, and was more expensive, I'm okay with waiting. (Tracfone sells the 800G for my zip code on their website, but apparently even it doesn't work in my particular part of my zip code.) I guess the moral of the story is, do what you can to check to see if a particular model will work in your area before buying. Wish I'd known how!

Didn't work to will hard to charge used a lot of minutes on texting I will not tell my people to buy

The phone comes with very little insturction in the booklet.  It has locked itself and I had selected the option of no lock.  I cannot use the phone now.  There are options that are not obvious with out instuctions to familiarize yourself with the phone.  When making a call and then asked for an extension number for instance.  There is no key board to key in the number unless you &#34;know&#34; to press the unlock button and then the key button.  I found it by mistake and used up a minute of time on my allotment.  Voice mail is not clearly marked.  What looks like voice mail is actually texting.  I asked before purchasing which model would work in my area and was told by Tracphone to get this one.  It does not get reception in most areas around my community.  I would send it back if I had kept the paperwork.  It took two days to transfer my minutes over to this phone also. Way too long to be without a phone on the road. I love the Trac phone option just wish it and the phone would work when I need it.

This phone is everything I need. I like the size and the icons that came with it. It suits my needs.

I like the touch screen easy to use and the fact that it comes with triple minutes makes this a good deal.

Great basic phone that i keep for emergencies. You never know when your phone may die, get lost and you need some backup.

The Triple Minutes is the main reason I got this phone, and it makes Tracfone minutes even cheaper than ever! I used to have a Double Minutes phone, but now I can sometimes go a whopping 3 months without getting another card!The touchscreen works well enough. As I'm sure some other reviewers have said, you need to press down a tiny bit harder than you might be used to if you've ever used an Android or iPhone, but it really doesn't get in the way. Texting is a little slower for me since I was used to having actual keys, but I'm getting by. The camera is pretty nice and can take some decent pictures. The phone itself can actually be a little slippery sometimes, so you might want to get a skin for it. I tried using the browser a couple times, and it's just kind of "meh". I haven't tried downloading any apps or anything, but that's not why you'd buy this phone anyway.If you're looking for an actual smartphone, this is not it. But if you want literally the cheapest cellphone plan available, then you've found it!

The phone mostly works. That's all I can say that's good about it. It is extremely fragile -- it will break, and it won't take much to do it. To top that off, it is impossible to transfer SIM cards between phones, even if those phones are the exact same model. Any data you have will be lost forever. You can transfer your number, at least in theory. However, every time I've tried to do that online, I get the 'This transaction cannot be completed at this time. Try again later' message. It NEVER actually works.I will never buy another Tracfone for as long as I live.

This is a nice phone but with such a poor reception, I find it worthless in my area of Brooklyn, NY. It locks itself constantly even when I select "never", not sure why. The touch screen does not work all the time when used for dialing, which is not my main concern. The problem is the one bar or none when making calls even if I am right at the entrance of a store. Of course this is a problem of Tracfone not necessarily of this particular phone.

After using a Tracfone 500c phone that lost service in Chicago I wanted a reliable replacement. After purchasing LG 800G I was disappointed to see small phone. Quirks I found challenging included constant locking of screen. However the phone screen uses excessive battery juice because the volume buttons and screen activate from light contact with phone case or my back pack fabric. This is true when placing phone in pocket. The text entry screen keyboard does not offer qwirty when searching for contacts. I found the colorful screens and icons visually appealing but difficult to navigate because my touch caused mistakes. Small phone size is difficult for an adult to hold without dropping. Same is true for making phone calls. I may go back to a 500G phone because I liked many of it's features.

I bought this phone because Tracfone promised it could run different apps.  However, Tracfone has locked the phone so only a few apps actually work with the phone.The reception of the phone is poor. It will say no service in the same places my wifes Samsung shows two or three bars.  Having tripple minutes for life is useless if you can not place a call or receive a text.The screen is pressure sensitive not heat sensitive.  To operate it one has to press hard. The problem is that while texting, or even dialing a number, the pressure is so hard that the wrong letter/ number is pressed.I am upset that I spent nearly $50 for a phone that works only some of the time.  Should have gotten a Samsung.

I bought this phone just looking for some sort of phone that was touch screen and that I could contact people with. I was not disappointed. My only complaint would be that it is rather small compared to the galaxy S III and the iphone. However, it does fit in my hand very well. It also comes with a code that you can enter online and get about ten or twenty free minutes. Once activated, it became the center of my life. I use it for my appointments and places I need to be on the calendar. The phone is easy to use and texting is easy one you figure out how to turn it to keypad form. Pretty awesome phone.

This is a replacement for an older Tracfone.  The LG800G has more features and is easer to use than my old one.  The service is very good.

Hey I suggest not buying this phone and rather u buy the next best up cause this has to be the worst phone I ever owned cause its a piece of crap. The reason why it is so terrible is because the touch screen is not very responsive, I waste countless minutes for it so say "message sending failed' even though there is bars, also I waste minutes because I cant see most of the texts when you should be able to see a word or two of it without opening it so you have to open it to view and waste .30 for 'k' (-_-) and that may not sound like a lot but the minutes go fast! Though I have to say this is not the worst crap phone ever but this is one of the worst crap phones with a touch screen. The only reason I would suggest buying this is if u need like something that requires a smartphone and don't have a lot of money to get a good one, this is the one for you even though you will get mad fast sometimes because of it.

While the change of triple minutes is a welcome news, the other promised capability is not true.  The bluetooth capability is dicey.  I am told by by customer service that it &#34;may not be compatible.&#34;  Why don't we just say this cellphone is a complete dud.  a lemon.  The other tracfone cellphone such as the lg500 works with my sony audio bluetooth capable.  The later tracfone such as this lg800 &#34;may not be compatible&#34; with your audio equipment .  Whose  fault here, LG or Tracfone?  Both of them.  I bought the phone for a pleasant drive where I can take in calls.  Nyet. Di pwede. No puede.  Bawal.  Pangit. Doesn't work.... do not buy.

Seems like a good cheap pre paid phone. A lot smaller than I expected. Takes a little while to get used to scrolling without selecting buttons on accident.

Was difficult to set up out hear because it was not set up in the arear yet.  Got all that straightenedaround in 2 days.  Wife loves it.

I have the phone up and running and am generally pleased with the way it works.  One problem that I have encountered is with the music player.  At this time, I have yet to get the phone to connect to my MacBook.  I get all the way to connecting to the mass drive, but no further.  I contacted Tracfone customer service and was told that this phone does not have PC connectivity which, of course, is not true. The phone does has connectivity, perhaps only with a PC?  So I am still in the process of figuring out if I can load tunes from a Mac (actually my iTunes files) onto the phone. Other than this one problem, the phone is easy to set up and use. The touch screen is actually very nice with a thankfully large onscreen keypad.

I wanted a small Tracfone with an MP3 player, MicroSD memory slot and 2 Mp camera.  The touchscreen is also nice.  It takes over a minute to first load all of my music, but this may be a function of the access speed of my memory card.

Internet usage is not what I expected, I expected bettter performance. I just play games and use it as a phone. It's ok.

love it, works great, looks great, great value, battery seems to shift a lot though, have to remove the battery to reset it in place. don't happen if it don't get banged around

My parents enjoy them.  They work great

I've had this phone for about 6 months and I'm ready to throw it out the window.  The most frustrating aspect is the texting keyboard.  It is sooo slow to respond and it constantly types the wrong letter (not accurate). It takes me several minutes to type one sentence.  Also, I've tried numerous time to change the length of time before the keypad locks, but it seems that the phone won't save the new settings.  Therefore, when I check my voicemail I have to unlock the phone every time I want to press a key to delete a message because the keypad locks so quickly.The browser is also useless and it's very easy to accidentally hit the browser link and loose minutes.

I haven't had the phone long enough to rate it's performance -except to say that lock thing is annoying BUT when I tried to activate it and transfer my 1691 minutes; problems.  I talked to a rep from South America who waited until my phone was " half activated" to tell me "it" would only allow 500 minutes to transfer. Now I had never seen this mentioned anywhere so I argued with her about this.  She just kept telling me that " it" was doing this and not her and she couldn't change "it"'  AND, because she had already half activated the phone she said it was too late to just keep my original phone and minutes.  Well, I told her she knew what she could do with those minutes so she said she "could no longer serve (me)"and transferred me to a manager. He immediately said she was wrong and that he had to transfer 500 minutes at a time. If I hadn't argued with her I would have lost 1000+ minutes that I had payed for. Nice work Tracphon - oh, the whole process took almost an hour. Never again!

Bought this phone for my 10 year old daughter. It serves our needs ok, but the touch screen could be more responsive.

I like this phone. Its very nice I love tracfone phones they have very cute cases for this type of phone I really have nothing bad to say about this phone I love it!

I was looking for a phone for my husband that would be easy for him to see. (He's in denial that he needs glasses)! Anyway, this phone could not be more perfect. It has a large sized font with a touch number pad that he can use without any problem. He can even easily read my texts and respond. This phone is just super! Love the size, the easy shortcuts when he needs to contact someone whether it's by a call or text. And the fact that it's a prepaid phone is just awesome! Would highly recommend!

LOVE MY PHONE. HAD A PROBLEM I CAUSED, BOTH LG & TRACFONE WERE GREAT.2ND PHONE A FRIEND ASKED. ME TO GET FOR HIM,, HE HASN'T ACTIVATED YET.WILL BE GETTING ANOTHER LG 800, FOR MY SON, AS HE USES HIS FOR EVERYTHINGLET'S HIM CONTROL USE & $$$.

Had a bit of confusion about shipping date, but all was well when Amazon upgraded my shipping option.  Hsve used 800G before and it is a great deal for the money, especially with triple minutes for life..Touch screen great feature,but case is optional.

We received the phone in good order and it had all the features my wife wanted however when we tried to activate the phone we were told by tracfone it could not be activated in our zip code and to try adjoining zip codes.  Customer service person said I found an adjoining zip code that would work and activated it however it wouldn't work and in the process of trying to get old phone reactivated tracfone deactivated my wifes phone number, sent us a replacement phone with less features and only double minutes instead of triple.  We now have verizon were you can talk to a customer service rep in America and actually get them to do what you want. This is no fault of amazon there service was great including handling the return.

This phone might be great but it was not for me.  Minimal instructions included (so you had to know how to use it ). It wascapable of doing way to many things I was not interested in (If you knew how to use it).  Contacting Tracfone was frustrating, I learned more from the reviews on Amazon about problems others were having.  Eventually, gave it up, went back to my older, simpler Tracfone.

The phone is great. It works well and gets a signal where my older phone didn't. My only complaint is that the key board typing only works with texting and not with things like entering in contacts. I used to drop my older phone all the time but this phone's contour seems to make me less prone to drop it. This phones good and is well worth 15$ can't beat that.

Please be aware that this phone is not WiFi capable and if you purchase this item you will have access to the internet via the tracfone network using prepaid minutes. If you are looking for a cheap cellphone alternative to contract and plan on adding this to accommodate the open space between your home wireless network, this is not the mobile phone.  You will not be able to connect to your wireless network because this phone it not WiFi capable even though it has been advertised as possessing this quality.  As stated on the tracfone forum by a tracfone representative, "...My name is Jessica TracFone and I'll be addressing your question. Unfortunately, the TracFone LG800G model is not a WiFi capable phone. Thank you" [...]

Nice bells and whistles--camera, voice recorder, expandable memory (only to 8gb)for downloads and pictures, bluetooth, etc but really disappointed with phone function. It locks at every turn and is slow to unlock. Need to use a code number? The time it takes to unlock the dialpad may not let the code be fully read and lead to rejection or disconnection. Removing ALL security lock helped some but who wants less security?It does make a nice PDA/Alarm clock (I do like the optional hourly tone!)/calendar/memo/etc so kept the phone as emergency back up since the reception bars have always been good BUT would not choose this model for telephone use.

The biggest problem with this phone is that the screen automatically locks after you dial a phone number to call. You then have to press on an unlock symbol on the screen to unlock it. This is very ANNOYING. It makes it difficult to key in responses to navigate voice mail, for example. This cannot be disabled. I looked in all the forums.Only other way is to lightly press the power button. This only temporarily unlocks it. It will be lock again in one second.You are better off buying a cheaper phone. Don't be fooled into buying this phone because it looks like a smart phone. The touch screen is not responsive, but I did not expect it to act like an iPhone. I don't see how anyone can give a good review based on the lock problem. I know it is to there to prevent pocket dialing, but this does more harm than good.

love the price,the offer,the cellphone and the company!!!!

I received my new Tracfone 800G this last week.  It took 2 days to activate it which seems excessive, but my old Tracfone number and my minutes and airtime transferred with no problem.  And I love the touch screen and features like the camera and querty screen.  However when I was setting everything up I encountered several significant problems. 1) when I dial a call or am in a call, the phone locks every few seconds, preventing me from accessing the speaker, keypad, etc quickly.  I can make it past this if I keep ready to press off the lock icon constantly, but am looking for a more permanent solution.  Even adjusting the security settings for lock to 'never', does not prevent this.  2) this was more of a problem, but I discovered a solution via the internet (thankyou internet). When I made a call that required use of the keypad to enter options (press 1 for english, 2 for espaniol, etc), and actually made it past the lock to select the keypad, the numbers would not be recognised.  We all make LOTS of calls like this.  I couldn't even set up my voice mail or call Tracfone customer support, because they start with these menus.  So off to the internet and I found the solution, simple and it worked for my phone:  turn off phone, remove back cover, battery, and sim card for one minute.  Replace in reverse order and turn phone back on.  The keypad now works during calls.  I like the phone and especially the triple minutes, so I'll keep slogging through these problems.AN UPDATE:  after much online research I have determined that the locking problem is a part of this particular phone and it's software.  If you get a later version of the phone I believe they have fixed the software, but for the clearance/cheap one that I bought (only $12) you're stuck.  I've gotten used to it and have adapted my actions when I need to use the keypad during a call.  Otherwise the locking is not a problem for normal conversing.  Oh well, you get what you pay for and I'm overall quite happy with the phone.

I have had fun figuring out the features of this phone. I recommend that users read the manuel fully. Some reviews stated that there was no qwerty keyboard and I did find one. I was texting and decided to try the handwriting feature (which is awesome when using a stylus of some sort) and when I went to switch back to the keypad, there was a choice for a keyboard. Now when I text I automatically have a qwerty keyboard. I still have to use the keypad for entering names and things that are not text messages, but that is it.The touch screen is not as sensitive as I would like, so sometimes I wish there were some arrow keys for me to use, and when I text, I cannot go as fast as I did with an actual keyboard, but otherwise I am really enjoying my new phone. It is fast and user friendly.

Do not buy this phone. It locks as soon as someone calls you. If you need to press a number to respond to an answering machine, you must unlock the phone, then press the symbol for the dial pad and then press the desired number. By this time the machine times out and you must start over. Very frustrating! Also the touch pad needs about 100 lbs of force to make a selection.

I bought 2 of these phones, one for me and one for my wife. The only good thing about them is triple minutes. I HATE the phone though. The touch screen is absolutely awful.I would NOT recommend it.

everything is good as the other reviews say i garentee it! but after awhile it starts freezing then 3 sec's it'll catch up, but its maybe a factor moufuntion or whatever. but overall its a great phone.

This phone feels like one of my daughter's toys!  It feels like if you squeezed it to hard you could crush it.  The touch screen didn't work and we had to return it. At least the seller did so and paid for shipping as well. Not worth the time even at $10 there are better phones out there for cheap prices.

On 2/8/13, the price dropped to $21:-( if you already bought it.  :-) if you haven't bought it.I have had this phone for 5 months.  By and large it works but would freeze from time to time.  In previous times, all I had to do was to wait for a while or turn it on and off a couple of times to restore the service.  This last time it stayed frozen for an entire day and I had to remove the battery to resuscitate it.  I used to do this with my Blackberry.  So it wasn't a big deal but LG800G's back cover was very difficult to put on or remove so the process was very frustrating.  Because I have bought a rubber protective cover so now I just kept the back cover off to make it ease to access the battery as I expect removing the battery may happen more often than not.  It certainly is not a top of the line cell phone. But the price is right.  I paid $29 for it but it is only $25 now.  If you don't mind taking the battery off to unfreeze the phone, you may want to consider this otherwise ok cell phone.By the way, the minute card package says the minutes expire in one year but my minutes will expire in 2 years.

have had this phone just under 30 days and took pictures with it after auto accident. had minutes left on it when it promptly died. geez now how do i retrieve those valuable pictures and all i get is oh you can return the phone and get a credit which is great but.i really like the phone features and used it often for text messages easy to use maybe with my luck of late i just got a bad one.

I activated this phone, Feb. 2013. I could not access voice mail.  Despite help from various persons younger than myself, who also didn't understand how it works, I had nothing but headache.  I deactivated the phone May 29.2013, and returned to using my old phone, which, while very simply, allows me  the service I need.  Please consider a refund, even at this late date.  LG has a good reputation, that shouldn't be damaged by such a bad product.  My reactivated old phone is also an LG, and I love it.  I didn't realize how much I loved that old phone, until it was restored to me, last week.Sincerely, Olive Knight

Texting on this phone is difficult because the virtual buttons are so small. I often end up not getting the letter I wanted. So, I use the eraser part of a pencil when I have one to use. The calibration trick mentioned in another review didn't seem to make a difference. I can only text with my index finger if I don't have a pencil eraser handy. However, texting is obviously much easier compared to my old flip phone!The sound quality is not great, but acceptable in a quiet environment.It does NOT have any indicator light when you have a text or voice mail waiting for you! You have to check that by pressing a button to bring up the screen. This is very inconvenient.

This is my forth Tracfone. It is the easiest to use, the phone book is full of features. It came with 20 days and 20 min. To buy apps Tracfone deducts minuets, there a bunch of free ones you can download to a PC then trans fer via USB (Check YouTube for instructions). There is a limit of 4 Gig on a micro SD card. It does connect to my Honda via bluetooth you have to try several times but I will connect to the cars hands-free system and play Bluetooth audio.

OK, it's not a smartphone but for the money, it's good enough for me. It comes with triple minutes and if you sign up for auto pay for your minutes, it comes out to about $11.00 a month for 150 minutes and no running to the store to buy a card. It has enough features for what I need, very reliable and I can get a signal just about anywhere. I would recommend this to anyone who just needs a cell phone. If you want to use it a lot for browsing or facebook, I suggest a smartphone but then you have a contract and a high monthly bill, not to mention the cost of the phone....this is much cheaper!

good cheap little phone, touch screen needs harder touch than usual touch screen...  sucks up minutes if you get on web, good to use just for inexpensive phone

I PURCHASED THIS PHONE FOR MY 6TH GRADER TO USE. HE LOVES IT. gOOD PHONE FOR SOMEONE JUST STARTING OUT

My husband and I have used the basic Tracfone for about 7 years.  We finally decided to upgrade to this model.  We like it and have bought two more, one for me and one for his 14 year old daughter.  It's easy to use (though don't look for a lot of guidance from the guide book), and I will finally agree to text since it has a QWERTY board.  Our older phones would not pick up "reception" needed in order to use in our home, a wooded area on the second floor, so they were used only "on the road" or for emergency.  But this new one does and we are seriously considering removing our land line phone now and going completely with these phones.

Garbage phone!!! I swear it was refurbished.  So many features don't work. Very annoying !! Phone shuts off when trying to dial a number.  Must unlock every single time.  I've only had this phone for 7 months. Buy motorola or Samsung. I will not buy LG again. Don't buy from shopcelldeals unless you like to waste $$$!!

Stopped working after two weeks. After fully charging it - it was still completely dead.  It would not turn on.  I had to return it.

Very slow for a 3G signal, does not want to go on internet when prompted, often turns itself off and back on without warning

Although the price was great I was somewhat unhappy with the ineffective SIM card that came pre-installed in my phone. I was not able to activate my phone that same days since the SIM card was either outdated or not compatible so I had to call Tracfone and order a new one which takes 2-5 buss days. The touchscreen work awesome! If you can't afford an i-phone or some fancy and expensive touch screen phone then this is the way to go, no contracts, pay as you go and you have a nice touch screen phone that works just as good as those i-phones.

Despite its look, this is not a smart phone. It is merely a dressed up old style phone not much better than a flip phone. No apps are available for this. The screen lacks responsiveness and will often disregard the first few touches. The camera is just okay, nothing special. But as a basic phone, this works okay.

I like the phone, but when I received it the camera wouldn't work and SD card wouldn't either.  Called Tracfone and the sent me a new phone and SD card for free.  So, in the end all worked out good.

The LG800G is offered by Tracfone  with triple minutes for life. If you do the math you will find this is about as low cost, minute wise, as you can get. Pay-as-you-go services also tend to reduce communication costs because you use the minutes (and therefor the costs) as you need.The LG 800 G is a great little phone with talk, text, web, camera, video, voice recorder, to do list and calender. It also has a calculator, a conversion program, a great MP3 player with head phone  plug and a touch screen.

This phone was purchased for my daughter and it took 2 hours on hold with tracfone to attempt to get it to work. I finally gave up and wnet back online and got it registered and it does not have a signal where we live or any of the places she goes so it very useless to us.

Good thing I only paid $20 for this phone. It is poorly designed and although it works and I use it I am constantly disappointed in its limitations and lack of features or the inability to even find out what features there are. It spends the majority of its time on Roam even I am in range of the zip I set it on. It says I have No Service when I have 4 bars. It rings when it is on silent mode and I can't stop it. Unlike old tracfones, you can't easily choose a ringtone for the function you want. It goes into &#34;lock mode&#34; when you're making a call and then you have unlock and hit dialpad to punch in an option or code option. Annoying! The &#34;browser&#34; gets activated way too easily (I have no idea how) and you lose minutes by it begin connected and subsequently I have never used the internet function. It's hard to turn on and off and sometimes it turns itself off when you're texting or making a call for no apparent reason. You can't turn the GPS function off. The camera is very poor and takes dark photos (forget indoor photos without bright lights). Voice quality, volume and clarity are mediocre. I use this mostly to keep in touch with my college age kids through texting. The texting works, but the keyboard characters are limited and awkward. I had to buy a car charger and screen cover separately and have never gotten a usb cord (haven't tried) so that I could get photos off the phone and onto the computer. I'd love a smartfone, but don't want a plan. On the up side, I do like the triple minutes and it allows me to go for quite a while. This was my first step up to a digital phone. I know now why these were on sale from $49. I will be taking a GIANT step with any next tracfone purchase and doing a lot more research before hand.

For the last year I've been cell-less, one because I could no longer justify a $30/month bill for something I used maybe 30-40 minutes a month on, and two when I did purchase a prepaid phone it felt cheap and the sound quality wasn't that good. This is the prepaid phone of my dreams. I love the touch screen display, it's big enough for me to see what I'm doing and it looks and works like every other contract feature phone I've used. The sound quality is great it reminds me of a land line, no one can even tell I'm using a cellphone it's so clear.I've never used a tracfone before but I'm overly impressed. This phone gives you triple minutes for life and if you're a person who doesn't talk much a 400 minute card tripled to 1200 minutes can last you a year for $100. I love I can use those minutes how ever I want whether on texting, internet browsing or calls. I forgot to mention that the same 400 minute card gives you 2400 minutes of web browsing or a whopping 3600 text, I was even able to use the phone to text my votes on american idol last week. It charges .30 minute to send and .30 minute to receive a confirmation of your vote. That's still less than calling and wasting a whole minute.I live in an area that's prone to rolling blackouts during the summertime and now I'll be able to browse the web to find where the nearest cool zone will be without spending a arm & leg in data charges. That's something I can't do once the electricity is out and my wifi no longer works, plus this phone doubles as a well organized mp3 player. I'm set. I purchased this phone from HSN with 1500 minutes, a case and car charger for $100. Every now and then you can catch it as a TSV for that price. I also purchased a screen protector and 4 gb micro sdhc card to go with it. I literally feel like I won some kind of jackpot with this phone.BTW this phone does not have a flashing light to tell you when you have missed a message. I just realized if you go into settings, then profiles, and select normal, outdoor, silent, etc, there is a secret menu where you can set a audible message reminder of once, or every 1-10 minutes. Make sure you get a good ringtone from the tracfone website and your set. I really love this phone!!!

With this phone, I've moved up to the 21st century.  Although I was very happy with my old flip phone (lost).  It is still taking me some time to figure it out, but I am happy with it.  It has so many features that I at times need help figuring it out.  Thank god for my granddaughter who is an &#34;expert&#34; with touch phones.

I purchased this phone as an upgrade from a tracfone flip phone.  I swear that half of its battery life was used up in my pocket as the three face buttons would get pressed.  The &#34;lock feature&#34; is useless for preventing the phone from being used in my pocket.  Very often I would look at my phone and some random menu option would be pulled up.  One time I thought I &#34;pocket-deleted&#34; all my contacts.  A half hour later I found that the memory was switched from internal memory to the SIM card.  Also, it was always an adventure looking at my &#34;recent calls&#34; lists to see all the poor people it called over and over and over again.Aside from that, the texting lags a lot and it is hard to select the right keys.  I needed to use my fingernail to press what I wanted.  Lastly, it was very awkward to choose a ringtone and sound &#34;profile&#34; as it was called.Bottom line: it's a very awful phone.  Do not get it.

the phone is for my grandson, great little phone.  got it in just a few day after ording it.great service

great price and good phone for a touch screen. I would refer others to buy this product and I will also buy again in the furute

Look it's a great phone.  I replaced my old Motorola flip phone with it and they extended my year end agreement by 90 days.  I also got lifetime triple minutes.  All for $37!!!  It cost me $4 from Amazon.com to get the 4gb micro card.  I had bought the 8gb micro card it said it would take and nothing would make it work.  I called Tracfone and learned it will ONLY take 4gb. Now it works perfectly.  One must go into photo camera and page 2 to activate/change over to the additional memory card.  SIMPLE.  As a phone it is excellent.  People can actually hear me.  I can hear them.  The camera is great 2mb will store like 1100 pictures on the extra card or alot of music.  There are crazy features like internet access I rarely use for other than weather and international calling and texting is crazy cheap.  In SHORT I love this phone.  I am 65 and probably will never have to buy another cell phone.  Just cancelled my AT&T land line long distance as this is cheaper by far.  Thanks Tracfone.

This serves all of my needs. The only negative would be that I have a hard time typing for text messages. I have big fingers and this would be true on any phone. I am using a stylus and it solved the problem.

easy to use, can get information I want easily, the camara takes excellant pictures, and i like having no cotract

I love this phone. I had no problem transfering my old number I've got triple minute for life & they sent me a case too. For half what the retail stores & even Tracfones site charges. I will be ordering another for my daugher.

Perfect size, easy to use.  Touch is harder than most touch phones, but works well.  Phone sound quality is good.  Would recommend this phone and the newer version in a heartbeat.

This phone, like another LG touchscreen phone I owned two years ago, has the worst touchscreen. I thought the technology would have improved. Writing text messages is extremely difficult. If you just want a cheap phone and don't write text messages, maybe it's ok.

It is what it is...cheap little phone.  It's all I need.  Took some photos and it is impossible to get them off and into the computer..You get what you pay for

I really like the features of this phone. I like being able to touch an icon to be able to do any thing I need. I like the fact that it is thin which makes it fit in clothing or purse pockets. Having triple minutes is such a money saver! Who says people on social security can't have a great phone too! It also has a nice display size which works well for us older folks.

It is very nice for the price and it is easy to use. Hubby likes it very much. Cheap and good.

Very happy with the phone and the price!! I purchased one for my husband before I bought this one. His is the very same phone and I paid almost 10.00 more for his than I did this one!! will definitely shop you first before anywhere else!

This is a good buy. My only issue has been that it won't configure correctly for the sensitivity. That and the service areas I get with Tracfone are not all that great.

The touchscreen is terrible.  It's a membrane/resistive one and doesn't work reliably or consistently.  Frequently does not "take" inputs, texting is painful.  The good side is it seems to be pretty tough and durable for the price.

Not a big cell phone person but love this phone, sure it's not an iPhone but for a first timer it works well.

Bought this phone as a Christmas gift for a family member who really only needed it for Emergencies. The Triple Minutes for Life was a nice feature and the phone activated & added minutes easily. The phone has had very limited use (in fact, since Christmas 2012 less than 50 minutes have been used). Most of the time, this phone sits around calmly on a desk. Two days ago, the phone was fully charged and turned off. We've been unable to reset it or turn it back on. We've tried replacing the battery, and resetting the battery. No luck. I'm normally a huge fan of purchases on Amazon but in this case, it's really backfired. If I'd bought this phone from WalMart I'd have no problem exchanging in a store. As it stands, I can't even contact the seller to discuss the issue and negotiate a replacement. Poor technology & poor service.

Works well, Yes it has a qwerty keyboard option, but keys are difficult to use accuratly. No bulit in GPS, no voice recognition (DANGER while driving). There are no serious apps for this phone, which works on the Java 2 system, just game apps. This is no I-pod, not even close. It will go online OK and let you get your email from G-mail or whatever (don't use the phones original email set up, it robs you of minutes). It will display some good online websites, such as Weather Underground  weather radar. The triple minutes are GREAT. Online time is metered generously, you won't use much while browsing. Texting is very inexpensive too. You may want to use a different browser than the OEM, this is easy. Screen protector locks up too quickly, this is annoying.

The phone looks like it should be just dandy.  Not so.  It is far less functional than the old LG phone it replaced.  There are many more locations that it doesn't work at all.  Today it wouldn't place a regular call indicating it was emergency call.  The keypad after a few seconds requires being unlocked.  The browser function would start without me touching a key.  It would be funny if it wasn't frustrating that the keypad required unlocking and yet the browser would start by, what appeared to be itself while in my pocket.  Scrolling by moving one's finger across the screen has been hit or miss...mostly miss.

I bought my LG800G phone for use with my tracfone account.  Right out of the box it kept dropping the connection.  I had kept my previous LG phone which was flip phone type.  I am glad I did .  I can have the two phones side by side and the LG800G will drop the connection where the old one never does.  When I try to go on line with this phone if I am able to get on line at all it takes up to 20 minutes to get on line and then I cannot go anywhere .  This phone is worthless.  I tried calling tracfone and they were nice and did try to help giving me all new code numbers for the phone etc but it still does same thing .  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.  Save your money.

Extremely pleased!  A must have for the occasional calls at a reasonable price.  Touch screen is a good feature for the younger kids that needs phone!  Ease of use with speed dial a plus!  Carrier quality good!

I bought this phone for a phone not the perks.  I wasnt born with a phone and as far as I know neither was anyone else.  I am not looking to complicate my life with all kinds of  &#34;Must Have&#34;,  I just want a good phone and this is it, If you need a good phone, buy it , it has the good functions but if you need a phone to fill your ego and waste your time learning how to use it, buy another phone.

This a nice phone but a bit difficult to learn to operate.  I am not terribly phone savvy and the book that comes with itis not very explanatory.  It is a Tracfone, which I love!  The reception is clear as a bell and the triple minutes is EXTREMELY nice.

I bought this phone for my husband, who is the kind of guy that doesn't like to be on the phone all that much but enough when he uses the phone it is easy to operate and is a touch screen. It is great that he has triple minutes (extra minutes in addition to the regular minutes you purchase every time) and the freedom to pay for minutes whenever he wants and is not in contract. I would recommend this phone to anyone that wants a simple touch screen phone without the hassle of being in a contract.

It's okay but the top right corner of the screen is deformed. You can notice it when glare hits the screen. I was hoping a screen protector will help cover this up but it did not. Instead, a bubble forms and the he corner of the screen protector keeps peeling off so I ended up returning it. I will order another one. Hopefully it won't have any defects on it.

I was hesitant to get a phone from Tracfone as some very mixed reviews.  I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly I received it and was able to start using it. Had a little troubling activating it, but eventually got it.  Knock on wood, I have not had any problems at all with it and it is a great phone to get if you want a more up to date phone without a contract.  I love the touch screen but texting can be hard as the keys are sort of small.  Very easy to navigate around, and putting names and numbers into my contact list took no time at all.  I have not had any dropped calls, but usually I am just calling local anyway.  If I had to find one thing wrong, it would be that the phone locks up just out of the blue, even in the middle of calling someone and I have to try to unlock it while I'm talking.  That can be a pain.  But other than that, I have nothing negative to say.  Having a tracfone product is a great way to have a really good phone without paying a big bill every month.  And this particular phone has so many updates from my last phone, that I couldn't be happier. :)

It was everything it said it were I love it. every thing is easy to find on it would recommend it to everyone.

A great phone from the makers if tracfone. the touch screen is highly responsive, and it;s music playing ability is as good as an ipod. I would give it another star, if tracfone would stop charging for texting.. That's the only thing holding it back.

Had this phone for a few days. Difficult to add contacts, screen had a 'gel' feel to it and people were constantly calling my home phone to tell me I had called them from the cell phone.  They would tell me they could hear conversations going on in the room while the phantom call continued.  Screen too sensitive and basically just unhappy with its difficulty in usiing it.

wife liked more then she thout it was a xmas gife from me plus it 3x min that helps a lot too

I needed a phone that I could hear with.  This has enough audio for me to hear clearly. The phone has all the features I need without any extra bells and whistles.The seller delivered well before I expected it to be shipped, so I was very surprised and pleased.  Highly recommend the seller and the phone.

This is great beginner phone for kids. It has calling and texting and web access.  tripple minutes is a plus.

Phone arrived earlier than expected and in exc. condition.  I don't have it activated yet but I am sure once activated will be a good phone.  I like the idea of triple minutes.

Can't use the touch screen right. Won't accept the right letters and it's aggervating to text. It jumps letters and numbers

Basically I like the phone. All I expect it to do is make and receive calls, and it does that well. However it has an annoying software bug that does not allow me to completely unlock the phone. I don't need to ever lock the phone, and I wanted to turn off that function, but it won't let me. Every time I need to answer a call or call voicemail, the unlock icon pops up and needs to be pressed and held first for several seconds. When calling voicemail, the timing has to be quick to hit unlock, then display the keypad, and then enter the password before the voicemail system times out and hangs up. This is very annoying and needs to be fixed.Update:I figured out that momentarily pressing the power button has the same effect as pressing and holding the unlock button. It makes the voicemail process a bit easier. I hope they will issue a new code revision that will allow completely unlocking the phone and get rid of the unlock button if the user doesn't want it. I use a Q-tip as a stylus for typing, and that works fine. The activation process was virtually instant with no problems transferring the minutes. I was impressed by that. Battery life is much longer than I expected. I'm now using it with a Jabra hands-free Bluetooth adapter in the car. Works great. It would get five stars if not for the unlock bug.

I was looking at the phones on Trak site to see what was available.  Bought this on here cuz I had credit here.  The phone is a little hard to hold onto.  Suggest buying a cover for it so you do not drop it.  Also may want to get a stylist from gaming area easier to work the touch screen with that than finger for some things.

This is the 2nd one. The first one had a fatal sim card issue when it was about 24 hours old. This one has been working smoothly so far. It has a variety of very useful features and is easy to customize even for an old lady.

I realize 'refurbished' is always a gamble, but these LG phones are an extreme disappointment. They malfunction frequently and don't hold a charge very long -- even with little use.

Got this phone for a 10 year old who had a net 10 phone and wanted an upgrade.  The phone is new so I can't speak of its longevity but the phone number ported over to tracfone(owned by the same co) in about an hour.  Airtime purchase was automatically tripled so no problem there.  Hopefully it will continue to perform this way.  I have had tracfones for many years and really never had terrible problems with them and for the triple minute value, it's a good deal.  Thanks to other reviewers for posting tips and how to get the most out of the phone.  I think with a little practice, he will enjoy it a lot!

I had a plan with BoostMobile, but I never really liked the phone I had, or the monthly contract I had.  I like this phone, I do not use the phone often as many do, I like knowing I have one for emergencies, or if I have an accident or an emergency.  It came quickly, and I had it set up within a few hours after it was charged.  Glad I made this choice...Props to seller, it also had triple minutes, so it will take me forever to use them.

This product arrived on time with no problems.  Wanted a phone for my daughter without a contract, simple to use but nice looking and reliable.  This is all that AND more!  And there are really nice cases available to jazz it up more if desired.

Nice phone for the price. Just know that this is NOT an Iphone knockoff by a long shot. Overall it does have a lot of features and is well laid out and easy to use. The only real problem I have with it is Checking your Voice mall is a serious PAIN as you have to keep pressing the Unlock button and then the Speaker phone option (which there is no way to do that if the phone is held up to your ear of course).Using the Unlock section does NOT unlock the Voice mail Lock button from appearing (design flaw) which makes getting your voice mail a PIA. Because of the voice mail flaw I give it 3 stars instead of a 4 I would have given the phone.

I got it for my son and he likes it and will be taking it with him to school it has a camera and he likes it

this phone is the worst i hate it do not spend your money on this crap it really sucks  xoxo

I'm nearing the end of my year with this phone and have to say that it has been by far THE worst cell phone I've ever used!The reception is generally horrible - regardless of how many bars I have the call quality is always garbled and broken.The apps are useless and the phone is to slow to use apps anyway.I can understand this phone not being a powerhouse, being slow, having a poor touch screen, but I can't see how they can make something that has such horrible call quality!

Right now, the LG 800g is probably the most capable feature phone available from Tracfone.  It packs a lot of features into a small package with a responsive resistive touchscreen.  The inclusion of a 3.5 mm headset jack, full music player (that does support album art), and ability to playback locally stored video (when formatted correctly) make it one of the most mediacentric devices ever available from Tracfone.FYI:  I purchased this phone from Amazon (shopcelldeals) on 04/13/12, and the phone I received (very quickly I might add) was running the latest software version (v10e), and came with a Tracfone SIM card using the AT&T; service.  For those of you who are worried about those two particular points (like I was) I thought I would write a quick review to let you know what I received.  I suppose results could vary, but hopefully all of the older ones with the buggy software are out of the market now.Thanks!

not crazy about this phone. it is not very user friendly,the touch pad works poorly for games, the width is awkward for my hand,and it is slippery- had to buy a gel cover for it. I guess you get what you pay for.

Nice smart phone at an almost nothing cost.  Can be used on pay as you go systems. Small phone.

I'm perfectly satisfied with the phone, but the instruction booklet that came with it was sketchy at best.Despite multiple pages trying to get me to buy more minutes, there were no instructions about how to insert the battery properly. So I had to hit or miss several times at the risk of damaging the phone before I got the battery in.And just how in hell did they expect anyone over age 25 to figure out that 'power/lock' means 'on/off.' And I never would have known where that button was if I hadn't guessed from the sole illustration of the phone and its parts. How about printing a sentence somewhere that explains how to turn the damned thing on and off?

I am a long time Tracfone user (12 years now) and have watched their phones go from very basic to tricked out. My latest upgrade to the LG800G has been wonderful. However, I do not like the fact that it now costs time to open a text message (my previous phone did not) and that it takes minutes whether you connect to the internet or not, but other than that it's perfect. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a new Tracfone.

I &#34;upgraded&#34; to this last year from a flip phone, since I thought a touch screen would be better. It's too sensitive, since when it's in my pocket, it randomly does things, like call someone or go online. The worst thing is that it freezes a lot. Sometimes when I don't use it for a day, it takes up to a minute to turn on, but it'll be frozen(to reboot, you take the battery out for a few minutes). The only time I can get a good signal is when I'm outside, other than that, when I'm inside, it can take up to three times to send a text. I haven't really tried the internet, but I'd imagine it's 28k slow.

this phone just really stinks .. the touch screen on it is hard to use and just dont like it

Nice thin phone with a good size display and is easy to use. Plenty of videos online to assist you on the various functions.

I love the triple minutes because I don't use the phone much. But, my phone will turn off and then I will have to remove the battery and blow on the components and put the cover back on and pray it turns on. It's been doing this since I got it. Any suggestions??

Phone was in great sealed container when it finally arrived to me (took about 2 weeks) and it was sort of a disappointment. The images made the pone look a little bigger and a little more advanced than a regular small pre paid phone but it wasn't. Still the phone worked fine and it was very easy to use. The phone actually triples the minutes so if you buy 20 minutes, 60 minutes will actually be loaded into your phone. THe battery life is pretty good. Lasts a good week without charging for moderate use. Although as soon as the phone starts dying, the touch calibration on the phone starts faltering, so it gets aggravating to mess with. But that is simply fixed with just recharging your phone. Nothing serious. I recommend it for people wanting to get into a touchscreen pre paid phone for cheap price. Just fair warning to remind yourself that it IS a PRE PAID phone. SO glad to be leaving my device for my new Android. I will miss it.

If you do not have fast reactions you may never retrieve a Voice Mail message. This phone has a 5 second keyboard lock. For most functions this is fine as you do not wish to be accidentally selecting other functions when in the middle of a conversation. For Voice Mail, you dial 1, listen to the message, unlock the keyboard, select the keypad & select a 1 in order hear your message & do all the in 5 seconds.  It takes practice & a quick hand.

Nice looking phone and works like a phone. One down fall though, the phone is not able to load my Comcast email because there's to much data, not happy with that at all.

After dealing with Trac Phone to get it activated. It works great. I did not have any problem getting it to work with bluetooth on my truck.

It work great, it looks great, it's light and it's the best phone I've had in years.  Peace on earth.

I like it a lot. There are a few more features on this phone and I like texting on this one better.

Purchased as a gift for my brother last Christmas and he really likes it!  He doesn't like the idea of contract phones and being obligated monthly so Tracfone is perfect for him.  This phone comes with triple minutes for life and that means if you purchase a sixty minute card it will actually load 180 minutes.  Nice!!  It also is a good texting phone and comes with many free loaded apps.  If you need a good phone that isn't overly expensive or hard to figure out, than I would definitely recommend this company and phone to you!

The LG800G seems to be a pretty good phone but when you enter your contacts you have to use the small keypad (the one with the numbers) which is a pain. If I had known that I would not have bought this phone. It seems the QWERTY keypad is only for texting. Other than that I guess it's a good phone.

Girls wanted this phone, come quickly, an was easy to setup an add minutes,they are very HAPPY with it, kids HAPPY momma happy

Works great, good reception and battery life. My children take this phone with them so they can contact me when they are away. I would recommend this for an inexpensive prepaid phone

Cute phone. Price was good. You just have to live where you get good service. Originally the phone was bought as a gift for my mother lives in a different city. She said something was wrong with the phone it didn't work in her country city. She returned it to me I had it re  activated and it works fine .I already have a phone different phone service but I'm going to keep it as a extra phone. I thought the phone was well well worth the sellers price. Amazon rocks.

Just arrived hours ago via Fed-Ex ,in it's original packaging undamaged . It took less than an few minutes to activate the phone ,and seemingly all is well.My second Tracfone ,the first was double minutes ,this one is triple minutes for life...

As with any new item, it is a little tricky to find all of the settings and the keyboard takes some getting used to

I don't know if it works or not. wrong sim card it keeps rejecting it.i tried every thing. at less I didn't get burned too bad.

LG 800G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone) Changing number from old Tracfone to this new one was easy....I did it online

Triple minutes make this a great deal. We are a Tracfone family and my wife loves the LG 800G. Never had any issues with the phone or with Tracfone.

For the price it is very good deal. The phone works very well and I save money by using prepaid plan.

this phone is awesome.  I have bought tracfone's and this is by far the best yet.  can't wait to figure everything out.  Hope to buy more memory as soon as I find out how.  I will be buying one for my husband soon.

Had this phone for about 3 months,  all in all the phones ok, were it needs improvement.  Touch screen sloppy need repeated tries to get it to do what you want.  Sound quality I rate as medium to poor.  The worst problem is the back cover has a habit of falling off, this has happen 3 times you reach for the phone and the back cover falls off.The best part is the display screen, wife likes the photo album feature for all her pictures.Improve the sound quality, have a way for the back cover to stay on & I give you 5 stars even tho the touch screen not the greatest

Good phone for the price. Good battery life. Does not come with car charger or hands free attachment but is a good basic phone.

I like this phone.  It is nice to have the typewriter keys for texting and I can get and send pictures which I couldn't with my old phone.  Very nice phone.

this phone is garbage touch screen freezes up most of the time i dont even use it anymore not to mention rarely has reception to use it.

I like the LG 800G but I haven't used the internet very much yet because it starts charging the minute you push the button and it was taking a long time to connect to my E-mail.It is kind of a process to set the alarm.  It was much easier on my old phone.

LG 800G is good phone for price. Camera is not very good, but don't use it much.When I switch from standby to on mode it is a little slow, but no problem to me. I got a card for $20.00 with triple minutes. Had it about a month and still have 170 minutes. I only use about 15 minutes a month. My contract on it is not up until July 20 so my phone will only cost me about $4.00 a month for the first five months , then about $6.00 a month after that.  My wife has a smart phone (straight talk). everything unlimited, so i use it some.I had a smart phone before, which is an upgrade to the LG800. For the price you can't go wrong. Bought mine on Amazon on sale for $25.00 shipping included. (RECOMMEND)

I've had this phone for almost a year now, and it has certainly served it's purpose. I haven't had any issues sending or receiving messages and phone calls, and it's done everything I need it to do... just not as smoothly as I think it should. I decided to write a review from the perspective of someone who has had the phone long enough to know the bugs.The touch screen worked well for the first month or two, and I finally began to get used to texting on it. Unfortunately over time the phone has become less and less responsive. (And I am not hard on electronics) It still works with a little extra pressure, but this can become frustrating. The touch sensitivity is not 100% accurate either. You'd think after a year I would be used to texting on the number keypad, but the phone frequently thinks I'm typing a key across the screen. Unfortunately, it often thinks I'm hitting the clear button when my finger is a few buttons away. Also, the phone has difficulty sensing touch in some of the menus. I can push a button 10 different ways and it still won't open sometimes.I love Tracfone, and this phone has served its purpose, but I would not recommend it. I finally am getting so fed up with trying to push buttons and navigate menus that I'm getting a different Tracfone without a touch screen.What I do love about this phone is the speaker quality for both calls and the music player. I've also had very few issues with it unlocking in my pocket and making calls. The battery life is phenomenal and will last me five days to a week with moderate usage.If you're going Tracfone (which I recommend because it is so much cheaper than everyone else!) I would suggest avoiding touch screens because they are not quite up to the standard responsiveness that we are used to. If you want a lesson in patience though, this is the way to go. ;)

Loved the phone, too bad I live in a area where AT&T coverage is so spotty.

too complicated to use not designed as a smart phone-all around bad features -will not buy -recondition phone? PLEASE donot sell

I tried to transfer my number to this phone. When I couldn't I tried contacting customer service. I spent all 56 minutes I had (reimbursed) and 74 minutes on a phone from a different company. All of this to find out that I have an incompatible SIM card. I am now waiting for a replacement. So far, 12 days without being able to use this number.

As a mom, and a grandma, this phone is great and very economical. There are many more features than my old tracfone.  This suits my needs perfectly. I text message all the children and grandchildren, just to check up and see if they are okay. I use the phone for emergencies, its also hooked up to my bluetooth in the car, and now I can take pictures and videos of the kids and send them off. All that, and triple minutes! Even though I can live with it, there are two things however that bother me about this phone.( this is why I didn't give it 5 stars) Number one, the screen is not as sensative as other touch screens sometimes I really have to press hard, not a big deal. Number 2 and more important, when you get a text message, the sender is not identified. So you must open the message and get your minutes deducted even though you don't know the sender. When I first got the phone I was constantly getting messages and pictures from friends and family of the person who previously had my new number. I paid for all those text messages and pictures.  I would recommend this phone to young kids just starting out or seniors like myself, however I would not recommend this phone for people who multi-task, for example,  police, a college student, or a very serious buisiness person. These individuals really need a contract not only with many features  (this phone has the features), but a contract  with unlimited web, text etc.

Great triple minute phone. Transferred number with no problem and got all my time and minutes as well. Great little phone for the money.

Purchased the 800 minute plan thinking the triple minutes would turn it into 2400.  I was wrong.  I got 820.  I called for help and was transferred to two different people in faraway call centers (they couldn't hear me, the reception was so bad).  Their answers were all scripted and automated, I seriously felt like I was in the Twilight Zone.  Whenever I made a comment or asked them a question that wasn't on their script (like "how do I find my phone number"), there was complete silence on the other side. They couldn't even find my phone even after giving them my number and my serial number, so then I submitted a ticket on Facebook since their online help wasn't working.  I got a reply stating that because I purchased a bundle (800 mins w/ double mins for life), I couldn't get my triple minutes.  I read on some forums that I wouldn't get the double minutes on top of my triple minutes, which I was fine with.  But don't you think I should have gotten at least one of them?  This phone advertises "Unlimited Triple Minutes".  If they aren't going to make good on that, they should have at least given me the double in the package I paid for!!  Beware if you are thinking of switching to Tracphone.  You would think the phone would automatically triple the minutes, but if it doesn't, it is such a huge pain to get a hold of someone and get your situation resolved.

I have had a cell phone since the early 1990's so I have had quite a bit of experience with them.  I purchased this model since I no longer need it for my job and could not justify the expense and poor service of a major players phone service.  I thought this model would provide me with the basic calling features.  While it appears to have many of the features of a sophisticated device it is a nightmare to use.I am unable to download my contacts to it other than by manually entering them.The touch screen is constantly being triggered when in the case.The most annoying problem is the constant locking of the screen when you are doing things like trying to retrieve voice mail.  Most of the voice mails are wrong numbers which seem to be an inherent issue with Tracfones.  Since you pay by the minute, this constant locking causes you to eat up extra time when trying to retrieve vmail which are for the most part, wrong numbers.While it's handy to have this phone for emergencies, some of the frustrations that I'm having are incenting me to consider going to another provider and certainly another phone vendor since I've seen posted that LG has no intention of addressing this locking problem!

I don't give many products one star but this phone and/or Tracfone service is junk.  I live in a major metropolitan area and there is nowhere in my three story house or outside in my yard where my phone does not indicate "no service".  Two bars is the max.  My T-Mobile pre-paid and an earlier Verizon service had no problem in this regard.  Adding insult to injury, every time I attempt to make a call my airtime minutes are debited even though my calls don't complete.  I can receive but not send text messages and, what else, I'm debited for those as well.  This phone is missing some very rudimentary features like being able to insert a pause to a speed dial number string and it also has no speakerphone.  Tracfone support is virtually non-existent and within 24 hours of activating my number I received an unsolicited sales call even as the phone showed "no service".  I have to assume Tracfone immediately sold my number in order to help me expend my triple minutes.  I can't call out but incoming junk calls go through!  Two detailed emails sent to customer support resulted in text messages telling me to visit their online Welcome Center (which is where I had to go to generate the emails...vicious cycle).  Both Tracfone and the LG800 are junk as far as I'm concerned.

This was an upgrade for my wife. It has all the bells and whistles of a smartphone but the very best feature is the TRIPLE minutes for life. That's hard to beat.

I have had this phone for about 6 months now and still don't like it. the scrolling sucks, the menus are impossible to find and navigate, and it will no longer sync with my Mac. (it did when it was new). I tried to add memory, and it wouldn't accept it.It has also &#34;butt dialed&#34; the internet a number of times, using a bunch of minutes.I've been a customer of Tracfone for over five years, and will either drop them and get a &#34;real&#34; smartphone, or just revert to the Motorola flip phone that was simple and reliable.

I like this phone it has great sound and well my son really likes and its really cheap.Thanks . Please reply.

So far so good. The bought the LG 800G to replace my other Tracfone when it stopped working. I really enjoy the triple the minutes for life offering.

Purchased this phone as a gift for my friends son as his first phone...It was the perfect buy, thank you

Excellent touchscreen for anyone who wants out of a monthly bill.  2.0 MP camera takes pictures and video. MicroSD card and protective case not included.

This LG800G phone is the second for me - one to carry, one for the car to make sure I am covered if needed.  This Amazon purchase saved me a good bit of cash over local stores (even better using Amazon credit card plan), and item was received on schedule (2 days after weekend),  Activation was simple (including transferred minutes and service time from another unit) thru TracFone.  Use areas are easily set up using included manual - lots of info possible other than calls.  Have not gotten to all of it yet, but what I have seen is well worth the price.

The LG800G is the best phone Tracfone has now with most of the features people would like in their phone. For me it's as my second phone as I also have a hard line, I use this phone when out and about. It does take good pictures but the screen is a bit too small to use for the internet option, though it can be done. I suggest that you get the extra storage chip and cord so you can connect it to your Pc and a screen protector (3 to a pack) to keep it from being scratched, all these can be purchased together group for a few $ here on Amazon and less than on ebay..This is the second TracFone I have had the other was an old Motorola flip phone so after 2+ year of use the battery went bad so rather than buying another battery I sprang for a new phone (my kids told me I had been working with vintage technology) I am extremely satified with this phone.  There are features which I haven't explored yet----BUT THE PRICE IS RIGHT and NO CONTRACT, buy only the airtime you need. With this phone came triple minutes for the life of the PHONE which means when you buy 100 minutes what actually receive is 300 minutes of air time, I buy minutes a year at a time. It also works with the bluetooth feature in my car--hands free thru the radio. There is also other special aps like ITunes which you can purchase if you think you need them in exchange for your air time minutes as these minutes have a dollar value...PS- the phone still works even after my dog chewed the cornor off of it. LESSON LEARNED- DON'T LET YOUR DOG USE YOUR PHONE THEY JUST DON'T KNOW HOW TO TAKE CARE OF THEM.Dick Tracy

Converting from a flip phone to a touch screen because texting was killing me.  Took a while to get used to it, but I like this phone.  Tracfone had trouble moving my number, but the phone is great.

Lg 800 with triple minutesBought the phone because I was told it worked well and the triple minutes was a bonus offer. Some letters are hard for me to hit.

This phone caused a bit of trouble. I got my step-daughter this phone because hers broke. We came from StraightTalk and took a week to actually activate it fully. A month later it fell and the screen went totally black, and I got her a new phone. And we will never get a phone from StraightTalk nor Tracfone again.

Great buy thanks so much will be purchasing again soon. really in joying my LG800 prepaid phone with triple minutes.

I currently own a dinosaur motorola flip phone with a keypad and am looking for something with good call quality and easier texting. I bought this at my local kmart to take a look.Pros:Its a small phone and I love the fact that I can just put in my pocket.I like the autolock! It's really not as bad as people say, as log as you don't put a password on it.The graphics are really nice and I have never had a phone that could take video.The touch screen for searching through contacts, entering phone numbers and most of the other options are just fineCons:Using the handwriting and Keyboard options for texting suck. It often misses letters because you have to apply enough pressure to each letter for the phone to register it. This drove me nuts. They keypad worked just fine though... but yet again I'm looking for something with easier texting. This was my deal breaker.I never activated my phone, so I can't comment on call quality. I had high hopes because of all of these great reviews... but no luck. :/

Purchased this as an upgrade for my mother.  Needed a user friendly pre-paid Tracfone to replace original keyboard phone .  This is easy to use, easy to transfer your current phone number and really a great phone. Has all the bells and whistles...camera, video, keyboard for txting, alarm clock and calendar and triple minutes! But most of all easy use and large fonts makes this a great phone.

Love this phone and the features it has.  Accessing the internet is way too slow for my tastes but other than that the phone is fantastic.

The triple minutes for life was what grabbed my attention, but I also had a good experience with my 1st Tracfone, a Motorola basic flip-open model that I started with. Unfortunately, the LG800G has not been anything close to a good experience. I added a micro-SD card and a Bluetooth adaptor to my laptop to enhance the phone's utility. The phone has simply been very undependable. I get "Emergency Calls Only" and "Service Unavailable" messages quite often. Every call is usually dropped almost immediately and has to be re-dialed. Reception is completely inadequate - the other party repeatedly has to ask what I said due to the dropouts. Triple minutes has been no bargain with this phone. I will have to dig out my receipt and see if there's any kind of warranty or repair service available - or just start all over with another phone.

Good phone for the price. The camera is does not take very good pictures at all.But if you are looking for a cheap pay as you go phone this is a descent one to buy.

I do not like this phone.  I hate the fact that it is NOT a qwerty keyboard.It is way to sensitive.  have to erase and start over with your text.  If you try to hit the 'R' key -- you might hit the SHIFT key instead... that is annoying.  Too sensitive.  Too hard to hit the buttons to get the right letters... I need an O and I have to wait a few seconds for each letter to cycle through to get the letter I really want.It says it will give you triple minutes but you end up losing all your minutes by resending the text thatdid not go through -- even though you show having all the bars -- it fails to send it.  Crap.I hate this phone.  I am annoyed by it.  I have been disappointed by Tracfone enough...moving up to an iPhone.  Cannot take it anymore!

This useless piece of garbage gave me trouble from the first time I used it.  The touchpad responded differently everytime I used it. Sometimes it required a very light touch on the symbol and even then it would jump ahead.  Other times I almost had to pound it to pop up the desired destination.  I should have returned it as soon as I noticed any problem, but sometimes it worked fine!  I kept thinking it would just take me time to get used to its quirks.  I only need to use the cell occasionally but each time I did, the &#34;quirks&#34; got worse.  Finally, after about 6 weeks, the thing just siezed up and it wouldn't respond to anything!!  I thought it would be guaranteed for at least 90 days but no such luck. So the LG800G is going in the garbage where it belongs and I'm out the money.Prospective buyers beware!!!

I wanted just an inexpensive phone to use briefly so this works nicely.  Only thing I can't figure out: after getting a website like google, when it is time to type something, I can't figure out how to get the keyboard up!  The instructions don't address this.They only show how to use the keyboard for a text message.

... There is no better deal. Takes a while to get used to touch screen, but I love it ...

I am having trouble grouping my stored phone numbers.  I can store numbers easily, but I have trouble grouping the numbers (Family, Friends etc)  Can someone tell me how to group the numbers so when I want to call a family member I dont have to scroll through all of the other numbers.  Thanks

I love my LG 800G tracfone and have recommended it to several friends. It's easy to navigate, does most things a smart phone does, and has a long battery life. Love the slim design and touchscreen. My favorite feature is the ability to write on the screen and it converts it to text. How kewl is that? Haven't been able to find it in any stores, so am grateful it was available online at such a reasonable price!

OK, I bit on the whole triple minutes thing. I'm currently with Net 10, same company as Tracfone, or so I thought. Here is what is true. I currently pay $15/mo for 200 minutes which is automatically taken from my bank account. Tracfone charges $30 for 120 minutes. Triple the minutes and I would get 360 minutes for $30. Take 1/2 of each side and we get 180 minutes for $15, 20 minutes short of my single minutes with Net 10. I feel silly for falling for the triple minutes scam. The phone is great. Purchase it from Amazon, Walmart or K-Mart and make sure it is a Net 10 phone, not a Tracfone. This phone is going back!

Very nice phone. Touch screen is a little &#34;twitchy&#34; but overall good. Just wish it had a caller # reject feature.....or maybe I just haven't found it yet. And triple minutes does hurt at all.

The phone meets my needs, since I am not always on it (talking, texting, on the web, etc.). The internet feature does not do much and is very sloooooow. I like that I can take pictures and video and store them easily.

Triple time is awesome. The touch screen works fine. Over all a great phone to have if you use Trackfone.

"I purchased this phone to replace one that I had purchased 3 months before that had too small of a key pad and so I gave that phone to my daughter.I like this phone better plus and I like the idea that I only pay for minutes and am not paying for a monthly plan.But thats where the good stops!I have so far added minutes 3 different times and I have had to call and fight with the customer service each time I add minutes in order to get the triple minutes that this phone was supposed to come with even though they have assured me that they have noted it on my account.I was also told that phone has 2 different carriers but a majority of the time I have a hard time getting a signal to make a call while out at the campground.After all the frustration in dealing with their overseas technical staff I have had enough and will not be refilling my minutes on either of my phones."

The phone itself feels flimsy, but it's bright and functional.  It flips from screen to screen fairly well, but here is the big BUT.But, if you don't buy minutes within the time given, the phone DEACTIVATES.  Doesn't matter how many minutes you have."To keep your TracFone Service active, you must add Airtime before the Service End Date or the number of days left displayed on your TracFone screen."So if you buy 30 days and don't BUY MORE minutes, it deactivates.Also, basic minute purchases are 30 cents a minute.  You better have triple minutes to make it barely reasonable.I would NOT recommend this phone.-- Update --Amazon accepted my return

Works exactly as advertised.  Tracfone program is cost efficient way to go for people who DON'T have cellphones glued to their ears!  Best program for low to moderate usage.

I had to get a new tracfone because the battery life on my old one was pathetic and the new batteries I bought performed poorly. I don't use a ton of minutes, my phone really is for emergencies, but this new model has made everything so easy. I could never text before, but the letters are big enough on this phone that i can fire one off without becoming frustrated. Unlike my old model, I can now have a cute hard case and custom ringtones, which I downloaded free from the net. It takes a microSD card, so I put pictures and mp3s on it, so now I don't have to carry an mp3 player, too. I'm not highly motivated to play with a phone, but the customizations are fun. It uses a microUSB charger, which is common, cheap and easy to find. When I transferred my number, I lost about 150 minutes, but didn't try to correct it because I  would have had to call and talk to tech support. Besides, this has TRIPLE minutes for life - I'll never be able to use it all. The first night I had it, i fell asleep to mp3's playing on it and it played over 6 hours before low battery alert came on. Nice.

I purchased this phone because the one I owned had a very small screen, buttons, memory and no camera. The LG800G is easy to use, understand, and setup. Using the camera is also easy to do.. This is not an android phone with all the bells and whistles but it get the job done. So if you're not tech savy or don't care to fall into the trap of "I need the newest, greatest phone every year", then this is the phone. This phone can only recognize a 4 GB micro card and won't work with any card larger than 4 GB. This is not mentioned in literature or the manual.

It is easy to use if you are not an up-to-date technical person.  I just use my phone for the basics.

Work well.  Really a great little phone for the price.  Even has a querty touch pad.  Has everything a kid needs.

I wouldn't recommend this phone if you have been used to a iPod touch. I have an iPod and then got this LG800g phone... and I am very disappointed in the quality of the screen. Messaging on this phone is really hard and takes a long time to touch AND press each key.... I had it for less than a month and have switched to a different phone. Only pros.. MP3 on it is nice! and the calling system is also nice... Just wouldn't suggest this phone for a messaging phone..

I think this LG Tracfone is one of the best deals going - esp. this one!  I bought a 400 min. phone card at Walmart for $99.00 that is good for a year.  So, I actually have 1200 min. with my phone to use until next March!  I was paying $45/mo. for 450 min. through my old provider.  I probably used 30 min/mo.  For $125, I have Tracfone for a year - no other charges!

This phone was purchased as a Mother's Day gift for my mother and she loves it. She wanted to upgrade but she is not tech savvy so this was the perfect beginner phone for her. It is touch screen and can also download apps and surf the web. The price was a steal.

Getting internet access is impossible unless your head is resting on a WIFI router.  The screen sensitivity ranges from very sensitive to totally unresponsive 9depending on the moisture of your finger? The living area?  Dunno.The best part is that you get triple minutes for life.  I's an OK phone if all you want is simple means of calling a person.

This phone is amazingly terrible.  The absolute worst thing about it is that when you call someone, the phone automatically locks the display.  What this means is that when you have to call any customer support (which Tracfone requires in abundance), you can't access the keypad without constantly unlocking the display - this makes the entire process almost completely unworkable.I transferred everything back to my old flip phone and got rid of this useless device.

I just got this phone today...a birthday present for myself-LOL I had always sworn I'd never have a cell phone, but finally gave in a little while back and got a Samsung flip phone from Tracfone. It worked fine, but was so small it was hard to read, the screen was the size of a postage stamp. When I saw the LG 800g it looked great and the screen was so much bigger. I had no trouble transferring my minutes from my old phone (plus the ones they added for the new phone activation) but for some reason I got assigned a new number which was no biggie since there's only a few people that had the old one any way. So far it seems easy to set up and I bought some of the 'extra' goodies like the screen protectors and a gel case, the prices were right here at Amazon. I did download a new ring tone and was hoping that it would play when the phone rang but it seems to be only good for voice and message notices, so I think that's my only complaint since it cost me about 38 call minutes. But if that's the only problem I have then no worries. If anyone out there knows how to change the ringer for the phone to the one I downloaded, I would greatly appreciate the help.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this phone to anyone...just realize you aren't getting a 'Smart phone' but then again you won't be getting those big bills every month either :D

I have been using this LG phone for several months and find it difficult, at best to manage competently.  Although it is the only touch-type phone that TracPhone  offers I believe that it needs a great deal more R and D.  Most of the time it is ultra-sensitive and makes calls as I am attempting to scroll through contacts.  The off-on switch is very small and difficult to manage, unless the phone is in your face.  There is more but, believe me - LG has not created a great touch phone.  As a "wanna-be android" it just doesn't accomplish the task.  I am going back to a simpler design.

Had a very hard time getting the phone activated, took several days and a couple of phone calls. finally got it activated. will be afraid to purchase something like this again online.

How about that. A Tracfone that can get me texting. ME, who resisted it for so long. Today I traded texts with my son, my wife's BFF, and my wife. Even sent and received pictures. Awesomeness!Actually, okay, no, that's not awesomeness, that's just life in 2012. The awesomeness ratchets up when you consider that this is a Tracfone, and that it cost under $35. Now THAT'S amazing!Granted, we have seen similar phones elsewhere with more features at similar prices. Only, those phones also came with something we DIDN'T want: a two-year contract with some provider or another. Been there, done that, paid the fees, will never do again. We like Tracfone and we're sticking with it. And right now, this is the best phone they have. And it's pretty darned good for $35 too.Follow along with me, now: a nice touch screen display. Bluetooth. Excellent sound and reception. Downloadable Java apps. A 2mp single image and video camera. An mp3 player. Takes up to a 4gb micro SD card. Big enough to be beefy, small enough to fit in a shirt pocket. Easy and intuitive to use. I can create and load my own mp3 ringtones, no more using my minutes buying them from Tracfone. Ditto for the desktop pictures. I'm a pretty fair photographer; I'll use my own.Not much I can complain about with this handset. Add to all of the above that it's made by LG--I am really high on their gear--and looks to be quite durable. And if it turns out it's not, or if it gets run through the wash...well, it's $35, and I get another one and transfer my minutes over again. It takes minutes to accomplish. We ought to know, we did three of them in the past week or so.The more I use it, the more I like it, and the more I wonder what I did without it. And did I mention it's triple minutes? No? Well, I just did, then. TRIPLE MINUTES!Tracfone is really upping their game with the release of this wonder widget. Granted, if you're a heavy user, chances are that pre-pay will not be for you. But if you're on a limited budget, if you don't use a mobile a whole lot, or if you just don't like forking over $40 or more a month to a cell phone carrier, well, this might be worth looking into. I'm glad my wife talked me into it...again!

I bought this phone to replace my three year old tracfone, which was on its way out. It was all scratched up, would shut off once in awhile.  The triple minutes was what caused me to get this phone.  The texting and calling functions are pretty good.  But the web browser isn't very good.  It'll shut the phone off ten seconds after going to a mobile website. At the same time it takes .5 units from your phone.  I'll most likely be looking for another phone soon.

That is true but sometimes you get a bargain. This phone does everything I need it to do and than some. I like it, I rcommend it, and Tracphone is always a good deal.

Purchased in April and it has been wonderful! No more worrying about being in back pocket and accidental calls as lock feature works great. Easy to add minutes to account and interfaces for apps have been great. Good sound and text ability.

The telephone was given as a gift to a friend, and she could not attach the case to the back of the phone. I wish she would have told us right away, and we could have returned it, but she didn't ,and we wasted our money.

We Love Our tracfone smart phones with triple minutes We buy a 20.00 pin card & ity last us until were ready to refill againThe camera takes nice photos as well Plus We saved about $30.00 buying from Amazon.com than what Wallyworld price was If We need to ever replace Our phone We will come back to Amazon.com

Before the first year was up on this phone, the camera had failed. It is impossible to take photos with this phone now. The camera doesn't work at all. I can still use the phone to place calls and listen to music though....

i have the phone 1 month i like the touch and the features.i did have no service message appear on the screen. tracphone  could not fix the problem ,luckily it  came back on its own.

Tracfone used to be good. I could tolerate a few missed calls which are becoming more frequent.  Often the phone won't ring but goes directly to voicemail.  Recently the phone doesn't display new text messages which are lost to the ether.  But now, I purchased this phone and couldn't switch my tracfone service from my old tracfone to this new one.  I get an "unregistered SIM" error message.  After spending several hours with their various layers of "tech" support they informed me that I have the wrong sim card installed in the phone.  I told them the sim card came with the phone.  They did not believe me because the sim number did not match the one that belongs to my phone.  So there you have it.  A catch 22.  They sent a wrong sim card and they can't activate my new phone because I don't have the correct sim card.  I would give this a zero star rating if I could.  After being a tracfone customer for seven years, I will never buy another tracfone.

I got this phone off of QVC, they made it look like a great deal but when I got it seemed great but then the touchscreen started acting weird (I have to touch something 2 or 3 times for it to open). It is also super hard to text on it. TAKE MY ADVICE AND DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!

I make 3-5 calls a week, and don't chat. Having a small phone for emergencies is also important. This with a 450-minute / 1-year card would have been great for me. But it had barely any reception at my house. Both Verizon and AT&T; phones have OK reception there, so it's possible.Phone was solidly built, compact, and touch screen worked fine. Bluetooth worked once enabled.I expected a 60-minute card to be included, but it was not, just 20 minutes of actual time. The box says SMS messages deduct 20 seconds each, but they deducted 30 seconds. Browser never got a page I wanted and deducted 3 minutes for trying.Back it goes...

This is a good phone for trac phone customers. However unsure how to utilize the apps applications. Can someone help? I would really like to make the best use of this phone.

This LG phone is the worst phone I have ever used!  I have been a Tracfone customer for years, and this may be my undoing!  I have just been sent my 3rd phone after having the first two perform horribly.  I will probably send it back as I told Tracfone I wanted credit towards a new phone.  Three of these in only 8 months... Tracfone should discontinue this phone! Phone freezes, drops calls, echoes, and calls that don't get dropped are barely audible.  They told me I didn't have good signal... In Boston for heavens sake!!

I am really happy with it. Now that I have a case that fits it. It was a little hard to set up. Took like five minutes. Wow!!!!

Prompt shipping accurate description, very competetive price!just exactly what I wanted in a cell phone, love the touch screen, my wife likes it soon I will be ordering another one for my son

Update 05/01/13I've used this phone for over a year now and it still performs great. Recently, during a work day, I took 10 pics, a couple of calls and while driving home listened in on a conference call, via car Bluetooth, for over an hour. Not once did it drop. Very impressive.This phone is for Tracfone users. If your looking for a smartphone go somewhere else. This is for those users of Tracfone who don't use a phone often but want something different. This phone is fun. Do not get it for the apps. Most apps will not work or the apps need to stay connected to the internet costing minutes. However, it will hold music, take notes, pics, videos, play videos converted with proper computer software (any video converter.com), reminders, alarms, etc...Voices come in loud and clear. Triple minutes for life cannot be beaten. Just google phone name and a whole list of what you can do becomes available. Enjoy

Let me preface this with the fact that I do NOT spend half my day with a cell phone glued to my head.I bought this phone to carry with me in the car in case of breakdowns.  Due to health reasons, I can't be walking miles to get help, and the roads I drive are not too heavily traveled.There are 2 main reasons for choosing this phone and carrier.  TrackFone allows me to buy a year's worth of time, and then I can just forget about it.The other reason is the triple minutes.  I was leary believing this and expected hoops to jump through.  But nope...I bought 120 minutes and a few seconds later, my phone racked up 360...and an extra 20 minute bonus because I am good looking, I guess.The touch screen works nice.  The camera takes fair pics, but I have a Canon T3i for that.  You can record yourself a memo if you have a brilliant idea, and forgot how to write with pencil and paper.  Calculator could be handy.  All in all, there are some good features for those who are after such things.Anyway, annual time purchase and triple minutes is why I bought this one, and I got exactly what I was after.  Now, if I can convince my car to not break down in the middle of nowhere, I will never need the phone, and be quite happy.jonesey65244

I bought this phone and was very pleased.  Now, I am telling people not to buy it.  There are too many things that are problematic.  The shut off, the lack of the numbers to pull up, the shift to the web page without doing so., etc.  I will send it to the Salvation Army.  I bought a different phone to replace this and hopefully, it will work better.  The bells and and whistles that I thought I was getting are a ping and squeak.  Not happy.  The only good thing was the triple minutes.

Yesterday around 4 or 5pm I ordered my phone and received it in my mail today (which was around 12:30pm). It shipped to me very quickly which made me very happy. So far I have no issues with the phone. It is very small, seems like it may be slightly fragile. The touch screen works great and I am finding it very easy to navigate.

Touchpad is horrible.  The apps don't work.  Some calls do not go through.  Calling international is a hassle.  Had to re-boot the phone to do that.  Don't recommend wasting your time with this phone.  Destroying it was the best thing for it....

I PURCHASED THIS PHONE TO UPGRADE FROM THE LG 500. I LIKE THE TOUCH SCREEN AND MOST OF THE FEATURES THE PHONEHAS. THE TRIPLE MINUTES ARE A GREAT BONUS TOO. I began having major issues with the phone turning off in the middle of a call or text. I dropped the LG 800, and upgraded to the LG 840, no problems at all my advice.. buy the LG 840...

I did a lot of research on this phone and read many buyer reviews prior to purchasing.  I watched several you tube videos rating this phone.  This is the best price I found anywhere on the net. The only thing I dislike about this cell phone is the numbers on the calculator and letters on text messaging are somewhat small and it is easy to overlap keys when typing. It is easy to operate.

This phone is terrible.  It looks like a smart phone, but that is where the smartness ends.  It has TERRIBLE touch sensitivity.  The screen constantly locks.  It needs to be constantly charged.  DONT BUY.

For the price, it's okay, but very cheesy and difficult to navigate.  The service can be spotty at times, but I bought two of these for my husband and I after getting out of 6 years of contract with Sprint and the price is a welcome respite from $250+ per month.

Triple minutes for life will pay for itself soon replacing the last one I had. I really like the mp3 player on it too (needs a micro sd card) I bought one of these from Wally World for $49 and since my wife liked it, I bought one for her here on Amazon for $27. Now I see Tracfone has started selling the LG840g which is an upgrade to this one. Still, I'll hang onto the 800g as long as I don't break it.

good for the first smart phone to learn on. I ordered a second one for a friend that also had tracfone.

Like the phone in general except for the keyboard lock as mentioned in other reviews.  Love the triple minutes feature.

The  LG800G  suits  me fine.  Though a  full time qwerty  keyboard  would be ideal  the touch  keyboard works so  much better than  the old flip  phone  so  it really  isn't an  issue.  The ability to  put  my frequently called  numbers  in  quick  dial  is  a joy.  Read  the reviews  many  are a real  laugh. The  complaints  from  others: "it is not  an  iphone"  oh gee  it is a $50 phone.  The  camera  is 2mp  sooo  that is why  I  have a DSLR and a few  quality lens  to  take pictures with. I see people in  our National  parks taking  photos with their cell  phone...  really  a  once in a lifetime  event and you  use a cell phone to take photos.the browser  is slow.....  well  what  do you expect  ipad speed?  For some odd reason  a lot of people expect  features found  in a $400  phone.  My comment there is  if you want an  iphone  or iclone then get  one and the  pricey  monthly  plan  that goes with it.  This  is a tracphone  it is for people who  want a convenient cell  phone  that  is easy to  use  and  does not cost a small fortune to  buy and use. Perfect for the  person  who  a phone to  make calls and not be a permanent attachment to the ear.  A year  of service costs about the same as 3 months of contract service and any  time  left will roll over  if your buy  more time before  it expires.Just be realistic in  you expectations,  this phone  has a touch screen  in place  of buttons, the screen  is bright and easy to see. It has  some  neat features  but  not the kitchen sink, it runs a few apps  but not every app  created.  The browser  is slow and Facebook  is small and hard to see.  It  is small and light weight,  it fits in a pocket  or  purse.  It holds a charge  and recharges quickly.  Oh and you can  call  friends and family  to talk  or message them.  So  take your pick,  a  nice convenient cell  phone  or a expensive to own and expensive to  use micro computer  with phone capabilities  just don't complain  that the LG800G  does nothing that an  iphone does  it isn't an  iphone.

I knew it was going to be difficult downgrading from an iphone to this piece of junk but let me tell you why it was way worse than I thought it would be.  First of all, it tries to sell itself as a semi-smart phone.  It is not.  The manual is totally useless, it doesn't help you customize this phone at all.  Then, the package says there is an mp3 player but it does not tell you that you need to buy a separate cable for your computer and then you have to be operating the right software.  We have vista and you need windows 7 or 8.  Once I finally figured out how to customize the 'icons' to dial people by hitting their picture, the button doesn't work and I have to manually dial them anyway.  The ringtones are terrible and be warned - it costs like 40 - 50 minutes to buy them on the website.  Do yourself a favor, buy a real smart phone.  It is worth the extra money.

Working great for my early teens daughter. It gets a little glitchy when plugged in to charge, but holds the charge well. The triple minutes make the phone a bargain!  Thanks for providing an affordable cell for my girl!

I bought this phone to start service with Tracfone after deciding that I was paying too much for monthly service with one of the major carriers.  The phone is a little larger than a credit card and fairly thin-would fit in a shirt pocket easily.  The touch screen is difficult to use (even with a stylus) and dialing can be a huge problem-misdials happen often.  The in-call volume is low-medium at its' highest setting and people have complained that they could not hear me well-even while shouting.  The best feature of this phone is the triple minutes-which is worth it for a phone that was purchased for occasional use.  Tracfone's customer service is a different review, but, to say the least, IF you can ever get through to a live person, you'll be taken care of-the secret is to go through the Lifelink prompts and keep hitting "0".  Anyway-you get what you pay for.

Order filled and delivered in 1.5 days. Great Price and fast delivery.Thanks.  This is the 2nd LG 800G I've purchased to replace my olderbutton dying, battery de-charging fones.  It's a great upgrade forme and my better half.

Bought this phone for my girlfreind as I own one myself. Same make and model. I find it very easy to use and you are not stuck with a bill every month. Just add time before your service date or minutes run out. This can by done by the webpage. phone or calling their 1-800 number. Always have a signal also.

I already had a Tracfone with over 2400 minutes on it when I ordered this one as a replacement, when I tried to have it activated and my minutes transfered to the new phone, customer service for Tracfone told me they would not transfer my 2400 minutes to the new phone I ordered from Amazon! So I have not been able to use this phone at all, seems like a waste of my time and money!

There are two features on this phone that are causing me to rethink my purchase by getting rid of the phone altogether:1. When attempting to retrieve voicemail, a message pops up blocking the screen - "Press & Hold to Unlock". The message goes away for only a few seconds, then returns, once again blocking the dialpad and all buttons. (Scrambling to enter your passcode is quite frustrating!!)This is a redundant complaint among owners, and, according to TracFone and other users who've inquired about this problem, it cannot be fixed. Others, in their forum responses to this issue, offer suggestions, but it is quite obvious they are not familar with the phone.  I repeat - there is no solution to making the Press & Hold to Unlock button go away permanently on the VoiceMail screen.2. On most phones, one can press and hold a numeral button to lock the phone to avoid pressing a button or dialing accidentally. Pressing said button again unlocks the phone.  On the LG800G, it's a a 5-step process to use the Auto-Lock feature which offers "Never, 10,20,30,60 second" intervals as menu choices.  Choosing "20 secs.", e.g., will cause the phone to lock after 20 seconds being idle.  A "Press & Hold to Unlock" message appears after the scheduled time.BTW - This AUTO-LOCK feature has nothing to do with the VoiceMail problem with the same message, as some forum contributors would suggest.  Setting the AUTO-LOCK feature to NEVER does not eliminate the annoying Press & Hold to Unlock message during VoiceMail retrieval.Conclusion, were it not for these two complaints, I'd give the phone at least a 4-Star rating.  I'm stretching it at 2-Stars.

I have always liked LG.  This phone is really a great one for use with Tracfone.  I have been with Tracfone for more then 10 years now.  This phone give me triple minutes and I use it mainly for textng.  It took a bit of getting use to at first, but I really like the dictionary feature as you are typing.  It figures out the word to save time.  I have no problem hearing and I like the speaker feature when listening to voice mail msg.

i need a way to connect to the internet while on the go. this device seem to be the cheapest option available.to make a long story short, you can't do anything on the internet with this phone.voice call and texting is ok although the resistive screen may make you throw this phone into a river.

This phone seemed really nice when i got it and then when my father called tracfone to activate it we discovered that this phone doesn't even work in Lovell maine at all...the keypad was easy to use and i think i would have really liked this phone if i didn't live in Lovell...i think that it was a rip off that even though we gave our zip code to amazon they didn't warn us that it wouldn't work in this entire town!!!

A tracfone is not for everybody but I love mine.I have been everywhere on my harley and have always been able to call no matter where I am.I would recommend this to anyone who doesn`t want to have a contract

Are you kidding 3X the units every time I purchase air time NICE!. I never run out of air time.. You just have to be sure to never run out of your subscription. I have heard it might cancel your 3X's bonus. The phone is a little stubborn and sometimes takes a while to light up after it has gone into sleep mode. other than that the phone has provided me with great service and I am very pleased with it.Like always the shipping was BANG on and the parcel was received in the time period Amazon promised. Thanks Amazon, you guys are awesome.

When you are talking on the phone, it constantly locks automatically, forcing you to press and hold a soft key to unlock the phone.  If you need to enter codes to navigate a voice menu, this is maddening, as the phone keeps locking.  Even getting your email is difficult.  This feature is programmed in, and cannot be disabled. There is a feature which allows you to set autolock to never, but it only works in certain modes, not while you're talking on the phone.Otherwise, it seems like a nice cheap phone for what I want, which is just to make voice calls.I'll be returning this.

The LG 800G Triple Minute Tracphone is wonderful!  The touch-screen is very sensitive and easy to use.  I recommend that anyone buying this phone also buy the Sandisk 4GB memory card and USB cable as well.  I've loaded many music CD's on mine as well as VIDEOS!  Yes, this awesome little phone plays videos in mpeg4 format and LG doesn't even mention it in the accompanying literature!  The first time I connected this bad boy to my PC and saw a &#34;Video&#34; folder, I correctly assumed that it would play mpeg4 videos.  And since the software required to convert video files into mpeg4 format, how could you go wrong?  Bravo LG, for making an awesome and affordable cell phone =)

A lot cheaper than if I had purchased it through Tracfone. Really pleased with the purchase, even sent me a couple protective covers, and car charger at no extra charge!!

This prepaid phone has worked well for the kids. Very inexpensive and easy for my kids to use. Phone is easy to understand and works well and won't break the bank.

I was surprised to receive my phone in just a couple of days. This phone is perfect for me and love the touch screen.

This is by far the worst cell phone I've had in 15 years. Here's why:- the camera is difficult to operate and there's a delay when captured.- the touch screen isn't synced properly.- texting (keyboard and letter swiping) has a delay as well as poor letter recognition.... I can go on and on about how much I dislike this "phone".  So I'll just say the two things I do like, which will make things a lot easier on me.  (1) it's a solid phone.  Hard to damage.  Holds up to kids dropping it. And (2) long battery life.

I appreciate all the reviews on customer purchases, this really helps when i am looking to purchase something thanksI did purchase the phone and very happy with it.

Cheap price, good phone.  If I don't talk a lot the battery could last 5 days.  Typing is very good on the touch screen sound quality is also good.  I tried the internet once but it was too slow.

We buy these for the teenagers at a local group foster home. They live on a large parcel of land out in the middle of nowhere and get excellent reception. The triple minutes are perfect for them because they are pretty limited on money. The boys are very pleased with these phones, and even though they aren't as cool as a smart phone, they still look good enough to not be embarrassing.

poor touch system, would gladly return it for another phone with Tracfone, love the Tracfone triple minutes program and no contract  plan. Please tell me how to return or exchange

I PURCHASED THIS CELL PHONE IN MARCH OF THIS YEAR.  SO PLEASED WITH IT I COULD DANCE.  I AM 82 YEARS OLD  THE PHONE HAS FEATURES THAT ARE EASY TO SEE AND UNDERSTAND  I AM DELIGHTED TO HAVE QWERTY KEYBOARD FUNCTION. CLEAR KEYS.EASY TO HOLD, EASY TO READ, TAKING PICTURES ARE GREAT  I AM ORDERING ANOTHER CELL PHONE FOR MY FRIEND  AS A GIftALSO I SHARE PICTURES WITH MY GRANDCHILDREN, WHILE RECORDING A VIDEO.MY CHILDREN SHARE PICTURES WITH ME.  MAKE ME VERY HAPPY TO SEE THEIR SMILING FACES, ALSO HEARING THEIR VOICES. ESPECIALLY THE TWO YEAR OLD GREAT-GRANDSON , WHO IS TRYIMG TO SAY  ( I  LOVE YOU GREAT -GRANNY.

Will not work with Verizon wireless.  Had to buy a different phone.

I didn't want to have a cell phone, my kids have One I didn't see the need, I am retired and home most of the time. one day we broke down on the highway and had to walk 3 miles. no one stop to help, I guess they all thought I had a cell phone?anyway I got this phone after looking around and comparing. with lifetime triple minutes 90 days to use them I can buy as much as I need with little to no waste. with my bonus point with the Amazon credit card The phone was free. now I can text the kids and keep in touch with out having to wait for them to finally decide to call home.this phone has everything I need and more, but the one thing I want to point out is it is the only phone that I have full bars in my house. my kids are always dropping calls.I Don't know what cell company they use, but it is very difficult to have cell service in our area and this phone has preform better then all my friends phone and I don't have to pay 50 dollars a month. I average right now about 7 to 8 dollars month with triple minutes for life. I can text the kids three times and only use 1 minute. I don't need to talk on this phone that much so it is perfect for me and no long term contract.one other thing I would like to mention is this phone can do email and go online. all for free thanks to Amazon. it would have cost me only 27 dollar if I had to pay anyway. to sum it up this is a great phone for the money!!!

I bought my LG800 Tracfone at the end of August 2012.  I had a company cell phone and had never had my own cell phone, but I retired and they wanted the phone back.  My wife had used Tracfone for a number of years was satisfied with them.  I made the decision to get the LG800 because of the triple minutes for life and the easy which it could be used for texting.  Everything else was secondary.  As a new Tracfone subscriber, it would have been just as easy and much cheaper to have purchased the phone from Amazon.  The start-up procedure is all automatic and the system is only looking at codes.  Unless you are transfer an existing account, I would strongly recommend you get the phone from the cheapest source, which is probably going to be Amazon.Several folks  have said the phone does not have enough volume.  I agree.  I often don't hear the ring tone, even though it is set at the highest volume.  I sometimes have trouble hearing people on the phone and I wish I had more volume on the call.  I am 57 and have some hearing loss.  Until I got a holder for the phone, I found it to be slick and somewhat hard to hold.  The screen lock up can be a pain, but you can adjust it.  So far as I know, it has no loud speaker function. I miss that.  I find it had to dial when driving, but I really should not be doing that anyway.Like many people I burned minutes when I first got the phone by accidently allowing the phone to activate the web browser.  Folks have said this is a phone problem.  I disagree, it is an operator problem. Once I learned to lock the phone using the power button, accidental web browsing stopped.  I like the hand writing recognition system for texting and data entry.  I also like the option of have a virtual keyboard.  It is nice to be able to use the system which will allow me to get the job done the quickest.  All of the functions I have used have worked.  I am still getting to know the phone, but I am glad I got it.  Battery life has been excellent.  I leave it on most of the time and have to charge it about once a week.  I would recommend getting a case and/or holder for it, a memory card, and searching the web for additional instructions on the phone.  I got additional  instruction from the Net-10 web site (I think).  Finally, look hard at buying from Amazon.

Don't like the lock button coming on every time you need to do something but it's a nice little phone. Easy to use,

I will start by saying that I've had this phone for well over a year now.  I've hated it from the start.  I mostly use my phone for texting, and calling.  The touch screen on this phone is horrible!  I thought in time I'd get the hang of it, but that never happened.  The screen is completely unresponsive.  I had the best luck using my thumbnail.  If my nails were too short, I had a heck of a time!  Texting has been a nightmare.  I've spent more time correcting words than I can count.  If I want to make a call from my contact list, it's nearly impossible to scroll down through.  Forget about scrolling on anything!  Swiping to the 2nd menu screen is also a huge problem.  The only two good things I can say about this phone is the triple minutes (which is why I bought it in the first place) and the sound quality when I'm on a call are great!  I didn't buy it on Amazon.  It was my one and only purchase on a home shopping show.  If I had read the reviews first like I normally do when I make a purchase, I'd have never bought it.  It was only when I started looking at reviews for the new androids that I decided to see what others were saying about my crap phone.  The good news is I've ordered a new tracfone.  I've decided against an android for several reasons which I won't go into here.  Mainly I decided that if I can find a phone that is easy to text on, and I can make an occasional phone call on, I'll be thrilled.  I don't care much about the camera, or WiFi.  I'm in front of a computer at work if I want to check my e-mail.  I really don't need a phone that will do all of that.  If I can send a text without having to re-type it over and over, I'll be thrilled.  So, my LG 530G is ordered.  I got a great deal, so if I end up hating it, I'm not out much.  The reviews sound promising though so we'll see!  It HAS to be better than what I've been using.

I ordered this phone through Amazon to save even more money versus purchasing direct from Tracfone. For the money, the phone is pretty good.  I am a little disappointed that it doesn't have a speakerphone function, and I also am a little annoyed that the phone locks up so quickly.  You literally need to unlock it in the middle of voicemail functions, and to respond to text messages.  Apart from those minor annoyances, I'm happy with the phone. The camera takes OK pictures, not great, but I wasn't expecting great pictures.  I like that the phone is compact so I can easily slide it in and out of a pocket, but it is also very slippery, so I would recommend a gel case to keep your grip on it.  The touchscreen functions pretty well (some have commented that you need to push too firmly...I don't agree) and I found screen protectors that fit nicely. In my opinion, prepaid cell phones are the only way to go, and because this phone included triple minutes for life, the value is even better.

This phone is a really good phone when it isn't playing fake out with the battery charge warning. It will flash and beep and give a message that the battery is going dead, but when you plug it up, the battery icon shows that 2 out of the 3 bars are solid, indicating it has 2 bars of charge left on the battery. To charge or not to charge? Screw it! I went thru the hassle of plugging it up already! It's charging, like it or not!

I like that it has triple minutes, but my only wish is that it would come with a micro SD card.Otherwise I consider it a good buy.

I bought the 800G because I was told by your customer support peopletha I could voice command my bluetooth, however when I tried to give a telephone number to the bluetoothn device, it would not connect me. I can dial a number on my phone aand it will connect to my bluetooth and make the call. Other than the above, I am quite  satisfied with the 800G.After purchasing 3 tracfones so I can give voice commands to bluetooth, I am wondering if there are any tracfones that can give that command?

Can't ask for more for the price.

I am not a big fan of this phone. Bought it for my daughter, who liked the idea of a touchscreen. She still thinks it's cool, but she's pretty forgiving. I'm not. Even though it's my daughter's phone, I use it from time to time when it's closer than my own phone.The touchscreen does not work like others you might know. This touchscreen actually takes some force to register a touch. It's very slow to respond to touches. I end up mis-dialing a lot. Scrolling through the phone book is a chore.The phone is slow to wake up from sleep. Sometimes I end up turning it off trying to wake it.The phone locks the touchscreen during a call, which is probably a good thing. However, if you call into, say, a voicemail system and have to hit buttons to navigate a menu, then you're not going to have fun. Yes, you can unlock the screen. But, by the time that happens for me, the menu on the system I call might time out and then I have to do it all over again. That makes me sad.Coverage on this phone is not as good as on other phones I've seen on the same network.It is small, and easily fits in a pocket. Battery life is good, as expected with a GSM phone.

The phone came on time.But after opening the package I could see it was used. The sim card was missing and there was an old 60 minute trackphone card scratched in the package. This seller is unreliable. There  must not be a quality assurance.

Buying it from Trac Phone company direct or from a store had a price $40. more than what I paid for it here. Excellent phone for the money. I have had it for awhile now and have not had any issues with it.

I've had my phone for a little over a year now and it fufills the use I have for a cell phone, without locking me in to a contract . It also cost less and the minute cost less than some phones that have less features. I agree with a previous writer that it's sort of like the poor man's smart phone if your are okay with it's limitations as  I am.

This is a great little phone. You can buy cards and pay as you go phone comes with triple minutes I usually only have to buy one year card for the year. you can text, call, play games, and go on the internet. though the screen is kind of small for internet surfing

Arrived in time & functioning as per the description. I like the Tracfone website & their format of providing low budget phones.

I was concerned about buying the phone from Amazon, then trying to load minutes and get the "3X for life" to be included due to the trouble other reviewers have had. But I paid $35 at Amazon, as oppose to $50 for the same exact model at the Tracfone Website, because I knew I could count on Amazon to take the phone back and refund my money.I then activated the phone through the Tracfone Website ... It Worked!Now the NERVOUS part, adding 1000 minutes at $150 and getting 3000 minutes to show up on my phone .... It WORKED!!I just dumped Verizon (after checking my annual usage, which is around 3000 minute) at $57 per month.Now review of the phone it self.  I love it.  I had an LG slider phone from Verizon which was a piece of junk, but I was stuck with it.  The LG 800G Tracfone seems like a little gem.  I can actually understand what people are saying and they can understand what I am saying through my cell phone.  The layout is pretty simple and easy to adapt to.Compared to a year service at Verizon, which cost me $684, plus cost of phone, the Tracfone is:Phone ......... $35 (Amazon)1000 Minutes ..$150 (Tracfone)Tax on Minutes  #15 (USA)Total for years use of cellphone is:  $200This is math I understand, plus the equipment is better!

When I first saw this phone at Target, I knew I wanted to get one.  The problems I have are minute at most.  Startig with, it's a tracfone so going online uses up your minutes rather quickly.  Second, I haven't found an mini SD card that is compatible with it.  I'm told that I should try a 2GB card, so I think I will.  Other than that, I love it.  I also love the downloadable ring tones.  That is a definate plus.

I love that it has a screen lock so I don't accidently go to the net. the triple minutes are huge.

Do not buy this phone.  It has so many bugs and faults, I hardly know where to start.  Took me 3 weeks to get my phone number transferred from my old Tracfone to my new Tracfone, phone will not recognize memory chip put into it, reception and voice quality is terrible, voice mail does not work properly and the phone goes into lock mode when making a call, with no way to fix this annoying habit.I spent hours on the phone talking to people who spoke with a thick accent that made understanding them almost impossible.  They were poorly trained and every time I called, I had to explain my problems over and over again to different people.I wasted a lot of the minutes that purchased with this phone and Tracfone refused to give me any minutes to make up for this loss.Poorly designed product, poor customer service and stupid, stupid, stupid people who were unable to help me.If there was any justice, I should get my money back for this piece of junk phone, the minutes I purchased and the time wasted trying to get it to work correctly.UPDATE!  Does not work with a 4GB MicroSDHC Memory Card, even Tracfone did not know this.  It does work with the 2GB MicroSDHC Memory Card.  I purchased the 4GB, could not use, now stuck with it.  More incompetence from Tracfone.

This LG800g phone came quickly packed well. Interface is excellent. LGs' are designed very well. As far as service, I am located in SW Florida and phone works very well here even though tracfone tells you that you will not have service in this area on their website. Go to the website that has videos of everybody doing everything (starts with a 'you') for any tutorials or to learn details about the phone. Works great, very sleek, buy a cover from Amazon as well. Good ones are only a couple of bucks and a screen shield is a must. Battery life is excellent as well.

Not the smartest phone out there, light years behind a droid or iphone, but meets my needs. I had to replace a dying $15 Motorola Tracfone. 30 bucks and triple minutes, What's not to like? The Tracfone service made it real easy to transfer my phone number and minutes, then added a few more, and an extra 60 days. Gets a good signal and clear connections everywhere I go. Decent camera and screen. Excellent battery life. I'm definitely not a power user, and my monthly use averages less than $10.

Even though I did not purchase this phone from Amazon but RadioShack, I recommend NOT buying this phone. It is a VERY ANNOYING phone in that the touchpad locks when you make a call and if you need to ( as with EVERY AVR system)  to enter numbers, ex. Voicemail, you have to press the "UNLOCK" hopefully in time enough to get to the dialpad and key the proper number. IT IS VERY ANNOYING AND NOT MODIFIABLE even by selecting "Never" for the lock settings.I plan to return this phone to Radio Shack in the hope I can replace it with a phone other than LG at least with a keypad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

We got one of these from my mom, and liked it so much we got a second for my dad! For $20, it's a good deal--triple minutes, a camera, MP3, and more. The camera's ok if you want to snapshot some memories, but really you won't want to use it for nicer pictures at all. It's only 2.0 megapixels and is blurry, and the video is even worse. Also, the MP3 player isn't anything fancy, and you have to have a mini 4GB SD card.Now the touch screen on my mom's, which we got in May, isn't working well--you have to push hard with your thumb and it takes a second or two to load what you pressed, usually. Dad's (from June) works a lot better though, and the touch screen is smooth and semi-light presses work fine and faster. I think this may be because the screen protector on her phone is old (since May we haven't changed it).Also, there are some really pretty cases you can get cheap on eBay or Amazon; $5-10 usually, or maybe sometimes cheaper for the plain rubber ones.One other problem is that the screen automatically locks when you call somebody, and the only physical buttons on the front for options/commands are the green call button, the red end button, and the back button; so if you are in a call and need to punch numbers in for a voicemail or one of those automated machines (for customer service or something) you need to tap the power button or press the screen to unlock it first, and you need to do it every time you need to press the screen, since it automatically re-locks itself.Overall, I think this was worth it and is lasting us a good while. Also, Tracfone has a pretty good support forum that is helpful if I have any problems.

The phone was ok but the trac phone cards are too expensive they don't have unlimited  and too much for a few minutes

hello can you halp me i want unluck tracfone and insert ather gsm sim card how i can it doing can you give me code

I was a little concerned about buying this specific make of phone through tracfone, because when I looked on the walmart website, it said this phone was not compatible in my area (98270), but have no fear. It does indeed work just fine!

I do not have a cell phone and have always used Tracfone.  I was so excited to move up to a Touch Screen phone when I purchased the LG 800.  I've had it for 14 months and it's been 14 months of frustration.  With the LG 800 you could either touch the screen till the cows come home and nothing happens OR you accidentally brush your finger against it and it's calling someone.  (If you wanted to call someone, it would take 5 minutes until it FINALLY put your call through).  Thoroughly disgusted with it...NO MORE!I just purchased the Alcatel 382G Prepaid Phone. I love the big buttons and now I dial and the call goes right through!  No muss, No fuss!

About the trickster phone! might be a decent phone or could be a dud phone. I was content with the prior model I used for six years. This phone would serve as I use it for emergencies.I comment on the fact I spent 1 hour and 30 minuets in the activation process IN jUNE!A sore ear from hanging on for 15 minuets while trackstor confirmed my old phone had373 minuets of airtime.Final disgust in A.D. August 30, 2013 AM when trackstor customer supine service states thereis no record of the id number I presented so I SPEND MORE THAN 40 MINUETS IN FRUSTATION!WILL AMAZON ALLOW MY COMMENTS?

the  tracfone LG 800G hangs up  on you after being on for a length of time about 1/2 hour or so...even with the wall charger being used...and the lock doesn't shut off ...it gets very hot after being on for a length of time .....jan  the  tracfone LG 800G hangs up  on you after being on for a length of time about 1/2 hour or so...even with the wall charger being used...and the lock doesn't shut off ...it gets very hot after being on for a length of time .....jan

I read just about all the comments about this phone, before deciding to purchase it.  Some were a little scary to say the least, but I figured the cost and triple minutes benefit would be worth the risk.  Turns out I am very pleased with this phone.First, I knew it was not a 3G or 4G device and if that is what you want this is not the solution.  It is much more sophisticated than a flip phone and provides me with everything and maybe a little more than I want.  The sound is good and I have no problem getting a strong cell signal.  I did check to make sure I had the updated software version and followed another reviewers advice to change the graphics to a more adult look.  It works very well with the Bluetooth in my car although it was a bit of a challenge synching them, which might have been as much a problem with the car as the phone.If you are comfortable with an iPod or Kindle Fire, you should have no trouble using this phone.  I think most the negative reviews are from people that are not too computer literate.  The only glitch that I have found and others have mentioned it as well, is the lock button showing up even though I disabled it.  What I found is that if you touch the screen just above the icon, the phone is active and not in a locked position.  It's only a problem when faced with an answering system that requires numerical responses.  With practice I have been able to use it successfully in that situation.I primarily use it for a telephone, but it does offer easy texting and handwriting recognition, which is really nice when entering a new person in the address book.  I don't really use the camera feature, but it seems at least as good as my previous phone, although it does not have the quality of an actual camera.  Read over the features and if they are what you want, I really don't think you can go wrong for the price.

This is a GREAT PHONE!! I'm glad Tracfone is staying current with the quality of their phones!! I've been with TracFone for years recommend it to everyone I know!! I'm glad that I can now say their phones are just as good as any that are out there!!!

Almost a smart phone, almost for free!I was surprised to be able to sort of get my web page on it. I thought only real smart phone could do that. But it didn't shrink down, remaining much huger than the LG 800G screen and showing a tiny bit at a time, so I won't waste minutes browsing with it.The cameral is only so-so, but nice to have one no matter where I am. But for some reason, I have not been able to get the photos to my printer via hpeprint, even though I get e-mails acknowledging receipt of them.In general, it's taking me time to figure out how to use it, but the learning process is fun.

I needed a 2nd phone for my business and this one sits the bill.  It's cheap, feature-rich and seems just perfect for my use.  The speaker crackles a bit but at this writing I have nothing but good things to say about this phone.

nice touch screen. may not be 4g but no contract required and triple minutes for life. get one for each kid for back to school

This is a great value and the phone is very user friendly. I am having problems with the lock out and speaker. The lock out comes on when making or receiving a call even though it is turned off. Also, the speaker phone will show off when it is on and won't come on reliably. I already had my minutes transfer and not sure who or how to get my problems resolved?

Battery charged but brand new phone will not turn on. A piece of junk! Very disappointed. Expected better from a big company.

it will not work unless i go outside,un,lcylike my verizon phone,which i must now continue to use.i am stuck with it

the setup has to be better and  the sim card poop out...this happen on two tracfones  phones . browser also spends most of the minutes connecting, so much for thatI guess for the price ...sounds to good to be true it probly isn.t

This phone has all the features that most phones have today.  It is not Android nor Apple, so that ability to track your minutes online is not available.  To track usage you must have the phone in hand.  Love the phone, super easy to use.  was really inexpensive and will last a long time with the screen protector purchased separately.Phone comes with triple minutes for life.  You purchase 800 min and receive 2400.  It is a great deal.

It is OK.  It was just not for me.  I had a hard time texting with it.I did like the idea of the triple minutes, though.

I have always had a flip phone from tracfone.  As my first &#34;real&#34; phone, I love it!  Easy to use, great apps, LOVE the ease of moving around in it and the triple minutes are GREAT!

I loved the features so I immediately bought 3 more for my family. 3 out of the 4 phones shut off unexpectedly and can't be restarted unless you remove the battery. Each time this has happened the phones have been fully charged. So you might think your phone is on but surprise. Also, I use the alarms every day. On 2 of the phones at least 25% of the time after the alarm is stopped the phone stays on the the Alarm Off page and the only way to get off it is to take out the battery. You can't even turn the phone off when that screen is stuck on. The people with the other 2 phones don't use the alarms so I don't know if they also have the problem. Lots of people must be having these problems and just be putting up with them like I am because the phone is so cheap and with triple minutes so inexpensive to use. This is a really, really crummy, badly made item....update one of the phones will now not turn on at all. When you plug it in it says wait.. then battery full... and cycles like that forever. On the tracfone forum there are many people with this issue and the phone turning off unexpectedly issue. These are VERY VERY bad phones. LG should be ashamed of itself. By the way, tracfone will not answer it's customer support phone at all now. They say they're too busy and hang up the line. You aren't even given the option to wait.

I recently purchased Tracfone LG800g with Triple Minutes for Life. It did not take long to get my old phone number and service minutes transferred from my old phone to my new LG800g Smart Phone using Tracfone's 1-800-867-7183 ( I have been a Tracfone customer for years). Manual that comes with the phone could use more detail on some of the features in the phone but, I really like the LG800g, it has alot more features than I had with the flip phone I was using. LG800g I received is using software version 10E (it has the fixes for problems stated in last year's model early in the year).  Gettiing this phone and associated accessories (case, micro SD card, screen protector, and micro USB cable for LG) via Amazon.com was a great value &lt; $67 !!!

Purchased phone in December 2012 and after about six months had difficulty in entering information. The touch screen began to become progressively less sensitive. while time consuming, it was acceptable for the most part. However, for about the last two months the phone has become progressively unreliable. It is now is frequently very difficult to turn on. I am often forced to plug it into the charger to turn on. Very disappointing that the phone has grown unreliable and problematic after one year of use and of course the warranty period. I will never buy another LG phone or a phone from this vendor..

I bought this phone for my daughter because it has triple minutes.  That in itself is a great deal.  As far as I'm concerned any other features are a bonus.  She is pleased.

i have had this phone for about 1 or 2 years. and i hat it because when try to enter a phone number it all the other numbers you don't want. it's the same with texting. it tacks me about 10 to 15 mints. it make me so mad i want to thow it at the wall. be it works to call that what maters

My son likes his phone. He has been wanting a touch screen for awhile and was glad to get it. It is a very good starter phone. Thank you

Phone works as advertised.  Be advised that a 4 gig chip is max.  Mp3 player works great.  A little slow loading.  Speed seems to be limited by the phone processor not chip speed.

I have had this phone for 5 months.  The sound is good.  I was happy to have the triple minutes, however the touch screen is quite awful.  I abhor texting because it is a putty clumsy process.  If you text don't buy this phone.  I am now switching to a LG 530, for it's qwerty board and all the positive reviews for ease of texting.

i purchased this phone on dec 25  recieved it three days later  we could not activate the phone  my wife spoke to alot of people from tracfone  two days later they found what was wrong .  it had the wrong sim card in it we had to wait another three days to get it i changed the sim card and it worked  we know this was not anything to do with you  we love you guys  i got two samsung replacement bulbs from you worked great  thank you

Overall this LG800G touchscreen phone is everything I need and more.  The screen does take a little time to get use to as you actually have to put pressure on it to have it respond. One major flaw with the screen is if it is not in a protective case the phone can be unlocked by anything pushing against it. This means wasting minutes accidentally dialing someone from the recent calls log, etc. Sometimes the screen can also delay for a few seconds before it realizes you are trying to select something on the screen. This phone does have a basic internet browser for email, weather, news, etc. If you want to look up more than that, you may have trouble loading pages or images on a page. The browser does not support YouTube at all. I do not recommend this phone for the internet because it can become expensive to surf on at the current rate of .50 minutes to connect and .50 minutes every minute after that.A few of the good things for me are the camera, alarm, pic gallery with editing, games and apps, and music player with 3.5 mm headphone jack. The 2.0 megapixel camera takes pictures as good as my friends smartphone, and for less than $40. The alarm allows you to set specific days and times to wake up to, and saves each one with a screen toggle you can easily press on or off in a second. The pic gallery is good for a phone this price, especially with the amount of options for editing each picture. The games and apps have not been great for me, but the phone can run Java games and apps, so I just have to figure out how to download them to my computer and then to my phone. Buying games through the phone is expensive and does not offer a lot of choice for the categories offered. The music player on this phone has replace my cheap MP3 player I use to carry around. Sound quality is good with a pair of decent earphones, and it is easy to scroll through the music once you pick the artist, track, genre, or recently played menu options. There is also a shuffle that I have not tried yet.For the price of about $10 a month and less than $40 on the phone, this prepaid LG800G on the Tracfone network is definitely worth the money. It comes with triple minutes for the life of the phone, it has a touchscreen which is very popular these days, and the features included were more than I needed. If you don't talk on the phone for hours on end or need broadband like internet on the go, I would take a closer look at this phone.

It&#8217;s not an iPhone but LG 800G has everything I need in a phone. The camera and video work better than my last phone.&#8203;

I think the phone is a great for a starter phone for a young teen and definately beneficial to have no monthly contract for 2 years.

perfect cheap phone with minutes that roll over instead of spending 45 dollars every month i spend 45 dollars every 3 months cause i don't make that many calls.

Good first starter cell phone easy to set up.  MP3 player works well with microsd card there is plenty of space.

I finally upgraded from my trusty LG flip phone that served me well for a long time. Was skeptical about the LG800G but it works just fine. Transferring phone number from the old one to this new one was easier than I thought. The entire process took about 15 minutes and it transferred the phone number, remaining minutes and my voicemail was already set-up. The voice clarity is very good and the touch screen works really nice. Entering contacts is simple and the virtual keyboard works great even with my big fingers. The screen is plenty large enough and easy to read. Overall, pretty good for a "not-so-smart" phone. Tracfone has done a nice job and if you are not the type to spend a large amount of time on your cell phone, this is an inexpensive way to have sort of a smart phone. The triple minutes also keeps you from running out anytime soon.

The TracFone LG 800G w/Triple Minutes is a must have for everyone in the market for an up to date, exceptionally good looking and well built phone.Mind you, these phones are obviously not meant to compete w/the I Phones and the like, but for anyone w/common sense who needs a decent phone (that's what they are, phones, not mini computer- save that for home) this is it.

Love my new prepaid LG phone.  It is taking some time to get used to it because I had a flip phone for quite a few years which I was very comfortable with.  I was having problems with my old phone so decided to update.  Glad I did.

I received my new phone very well packaged. Triple minutes for the lifetime of the phone is a good bargain.

I think I paid about $12 for this phone.  I usually don't hear it when it rings.  Doesn't let me know always that I have a missed call.  But it's very clear when talking on it and that's about all I was looking for.  It's not a big investment so if I want something else when my initial time is over, I'll not lose anything.

love the price! love the triple minutes! The phone is very easy for my kids to use and they love it.

All alleged  features  work flawlessly. Triple minutes (Tracfone) make  calls  7 cents/min....text is  3  cents. The LG is loud  and  clear. I suspect  most negative  reviews  come  from  folks  who can't read  directions. You can change  pad lock  to  60 sec in preferences. I recycled  an old  2g Micro SD, ample memory.It is  NOT  a  smart phone...Einsteins  who spend  $150  a month have those! I need to  call and  text...not  do banking,  know the  temp  in Bankok, or lock my  front  door.

The value plan offered by Tracfone was within my budget and fit my needs for a mobile phone in case of an emergency or to keep in touch when away from home. This was the best value phone with life time triple minutes that I could find. So far the phone works great and instant messaging is nice when you need to be quiet!

Many features including a SD card to use as MP3 player or have photos and flies. Good size and large address book.

I Ordered this Tracfone because I liked the way it looked, the reviews seemed to be positive, also, I buy my minutes, and I like the idea you get triple minutes.  The features on the phone are reasonably easy to use, and it has a lot of features for the price.

Purchased this phone because the screen on my old Nokia was so scratched I could no longer see the number I was dialing.  Yes, this is a good-looking phone.  Yes, I did enjoy the touch screen.  BUT what I really didn't like was that this phone would turn itself off whenever it wanted.  OR it would freeze up and I couldn't turn it off or end a conversation or do anything unless I popped the battery out of it.  After much complaining and wishing TracFone has finally come out with a nifty slider.  I transferred my minutes last night and already I'm in heaven.  Finally a phone I can depend on.

excellent product for the price as a 1st phone for my pre-teen grand daughter.  She said it was the best present ever.

The LG800G is an excellent value for the money.  The phone does everything I need it for - no problems with phone.

I bought this phone for my 11 year old son should he need for emergencies or if we needed to get ahold of him.  The quality is terrible!  We can never understand him when we call him.  The only way to communicate clearly is via text.  I would not recommend.

Let me say that this is my first experience as a Tracfone customer. So far, I don't have any complaints about their service, but then, I haven't needed any yet. The triple minutes deal is great. Now for the phone itself: what can I say that hasn't already been said? This phone -- the LG800G -- is annoying beyond belief for certain functions beyond calling. Phone calls are practically the only thing that work as advertised. All the calls I've made have been clear both on my end and to the person I call.Using the text message function, though, is supremely irritating. Someone mentioned about LG's touch screen in another review and it is true: your fingers have to hit the exact center of the letter you want. More often than not, my fingers hit the letter next to the one I want, or even more maddening, it won't show up on the screen no matter how hard I press on it. Sometimes I am in the middle of a sentence and the screen scrolls up or down abruptly or the cursor blinks in the middle of a word. I've taken to using the word choices that pop up when I begin to type because it's easier than trying to wrestle with the keyboard. It's almost more efficient to call or to use another method to send a message, which defeats the whole purpose of a texting function.Then there's the random scrolling when you try to locate a contact or to check on your minutes or settings. To say it's not precise is an extreme understatement. I understand that it is a budget phone in some ways; however these types of functions shouldn't be limited to working only on high-end phones -- a person should have a reasonable expectation that when they scroll through a list to choose something, it should stop on that choice without scooting away like a runaway skateboard. I have used the browser only a few times when I had no other alternative for Internet access. It's fairly useless and basic, meaning it does not display some sites, although it will helpfully tell you that a site is too big to display and to use a site's mobile version -- if they have one, that is. If not, you are flat out of luck until you can get to a computer or to someone with a better browser on their phone.In any case, I notice that LG has a newer version of this phone available. I am inclined to skip it and go with a different Tracfone model, such as the Samsung S425G that has a slide-out keyboard and that doesn't seem so annoying to use when texting.Update on 4/2/13: I downgraded my rating to one star because in the past couple days, the phone has begun to crash as I send text messages - a difficult process in and of itself. It just shuts itself off as I hit the OK key, saying "Sending Failed." Possibly the only good thing is that when I turn the phone back on, my message is held in the Outbox for a retry. But this is the last straw for me; I'm ordering another type of phone. Save yourself lots of aggravation and stay away from this phone and its update, since the reviews I've read of the 840g don't seem to address that the texting function has improved at all.

I like it except for the speaker phone which I find hard to use.  I also don't like the way you have to get voice mail.

Cost of the minutes do not provide any savings compared to other non-contract providers.  Will keep for emergency use only.

keep it simple. works well, great signal especial compared to others. This is my 2nd lg800g and considering a 3rd for my aunt. i had the 1st well over a year. maybe two

It is cheap watch to have.. because  youn can get triple minutes....but you  not have  to call Tracfone to tell them to make sure you get the munutes of cell time time...you should have not have to....I never like Tracfone....they are  a pain  to deal with....and the the LG 800 G is hard  to make  work.. I felt like throwing it on the floor to smash it...so put this review way on the bottom..lol

I spent hour on phone with tracfone +20 minutes of billable webtime  still cannot upload photos to facebook. registered my mobile with fb, logged into m.facebook.com got email address personalized for me and stored @m.facebook.com personal address, uploaded photo, hit send, phone says message sent.  I go to fb and my pic is not there?  I also tried to just strait text status to my personal @m.facebook.com and no comments show either.  I have  T mobile Tracfone LG800g  web and tesxt.  Tried to download facebook app and says with my phone must use personal email address to send pics to fbTracfones customer service suggested I email pic to myself at my email address and then upload it from my email to FB.So they want me to spend money to send to my email first to me and then spend more money going back on the web to email my email to fb?I know it is a tracfone issue because when I send/fwd the pic from my personal email to my special email at @m.facebook.com it works perfectly.Lets cut out the middle man.  I want to send pics from tracfone to @m.facebook.com in one step.

For people who hate cell phones but need a little extra security on the road.  It's not fancy but useful.

Much easier to type messages on than the tiny keyboard on the LG500. My best cell phone yet!! Camera and video are better than on my LG500.

The phone was purchased for my son. When I received it I was told it would not work because the sim card was not compatible with the area I lived in. Tracphone sent a new sim card. It took 2 weeks to arrive not the 5 days I was told. It also would not work for my area. So now I have waited 15 days for a third sim card and still no card. I have spent hours on the phone with customer service and no one seems to be able to find the problem so I am stuck with a phone that does not work. I have used tracphone before but will not likely use them again.

The Tracfone is very user friendly.  The icons lead to easy instructions, the camera takes great pictures, the ring tone is loud and clear, the qwerty key board is easy to use,and it is a convenient size. The triple minutes were an added bonus.  I do need to get a clear screen protector.I don't use the computer very much, so a smart phone would be more than I would ever need.  The Trakfone fit the bill for me!

This is a really good phone for my situation because I am retired and am home a lot of the time.  I don't use very many minutes but occasionally I need a phone when we are away from home.  I didn't want to spend $40 or $50 per month for occasional use.  This phone is very low cost but it has many features that you would not expect for the low price.  The screen is a touchscreen, it has Bluetooth, with the additional SD card you can store a lot of music and it is just a good phone.  The plan is great for me because I was able to get all the minutes I need for about 8 months for about $60.  I am very happy with this phone.  I purchased a Vizio Bluetooth headphone to use with this phone and it works great.  I can make calls using the headphone and the sound quality is excellent.  It is so amazing that such good sound quality can come out of a small phone like that.  I use it a lot to play music and the sound is just like being at the concert hall. The mp3 player will do shuffle so you can listen to music for hours without having to do anything to the phone and playing music doesn't discharge the battery much.  The one thing that you must do is set the screen lock.  If you don't do this, it will call everyone on your phone list several times.  Mine used about 30 minutes of call time before I discovered that it was calling everyone.UPDATEAfter using this phone for a while I have discovered more features that are amazing.  I found an Opera browser and it works great.  I can check my Yahoo Mail and look up items on Google.  With Tracfone talk text and data are all handled with minutes so when you access data it is counted as minutes.  I can usually check my Yahoo mail for two or three minutes so the cost for access to data is low.  The Google search is very useful if you need a phone number and you don't have a phone book. Also, I was able to find Go Bible for this phone and have KJV and NIV installed.  These work very nicely and are easy to read.  They also have a powerful search function.  You can also bookmark favorite verses.  The Word Doc reader is also very handy if you have some document that you want to review or study.  I have done further research on phone plans and I have not found any other plan where you can get talk, text and data for less than $10 per month like you can with Tracfone.

This was a $50 phone and I'm replacing it! The touch screen is almost impossible to scroll or accurately click letters. You'll be so, SO frustrated if you buy it. My other major complaint: the screen LOCK feature activates within a second and I cannot change the timing, even when selecting that option.DO NOT BUY!

Shopping for new phones for my children they wanted smrt phones but i was on a budget so i wentshopping got the deal of the time and happy kids. they are kool phones they like them.&#34;THANKS DAD&#34;

Nice little phone to have in case of an emergency. Its smaller than I would like but overall good phone.

The stars says it all. Great simple phone for me who just need it for emergency when I'm away from home. The price was great- a good buy.

Was Fun at First! But now!! Crashes!!, Touch Screen Features are not working like it was, After a few years!! TS Touch screen is not as Functional as it Once were! And sometimes it Freezes up, and Power Downs and restarts on it's Own and When you plug in the Charger it does not See it, you have to Turn it On and Off just to get it to Charge, The Java Apps Sucks big time! The biggest problem with this LG800 is the TS Touch Screen you have to keep Tapping it to get a Response, And this Phone Can not even be Updated, There has been No Updates for this phone Since it's Release Never buy a phone that you can Not Update!!!!! Now at the time of Purchase this was the Only TRACFONES Made, But not there's a new fleet of Android Phones, So it's Time to Move On!! you better Off getting an TRACFONE Android, Gonna drop it for the ,Android  models,,

This piece of crap was a huge waste of time. The touch screen absolutely did not work, therfor the phone was not usable.

This is a great $20 phone.  It does not have the functionality of a more expensive phone, but I did not expect it to.  For example, it does have a browser, but it doesn't have the capacity to view anything with a lot of graphics, etc. so I really have not found the browser to be worth using.  The camera works pretty well, the phone is good for texting, and there are other little functions like a calculator, calendar, etc. which are nice.  I also purchased the extra memory card so I listen to MP3 audio books on it all the time and that function works really well.  I like being able to just pay for the phone time that I need rather than paying for a plan that I don't use.

What a piece of junk.  Touch screen never taps where I want it to and I've re-calibrated it multiple times.  Texting is an exercise in patience given the before mentioned problem as well as the &#34;auto complete&#34; that throws up suggested words based on what you are typing that does nothing but slow me down.  Lately any time I try to do anything with the phone like answer a call, send a text, read a text, take a picture, look at it, breathe on it, or touch it the battery goes from full to empty in a matter of seconds.  Then, when you're done, back to full.  I thought it was the battery so I bought a new one.  Nope, same problem.  If you're considering this phone I'd suggest you look elsewhere.

There is a reason they have to give trip pal minutes...the phone itself is not a quality product. I've had very bad indoor reception.

not as functional as I'd hoped but not bad overall.  Can't figure out how to adjust the screen lock though.

This is the worst LG phone I ever had. First even with selecting never lock it would always go back to the main screen and lock while talking.It's a real pain when your trying to enter numbers or passwords and it locks. It also don't work in my area because it has a sim chip which makes it useless in the mountains.I now just use it as a mp3 player in my truk.

Edited comment late Sept 2012-----------------------------PROBLEM SOLVED!!!!!!!I replaced the LG800 with a Tracfone Samsung T301G phone.  The T301G is available with Triple Minutes which from my experience is the only good feature feature of the LG800 that actually worked well.  The T301G has better reception and voice quality and does not have the problems that I have described below.  AND is half the price!The dubious quality of Tracfone service will continue to haunt the provider relationship.Edited comment Sept 2012------------------------To add insult to injury the battery just died after only 6 months of use.  I have had cell phones where the batteries have lasted for several years.  I normally would not comment about a battery failure, but the product defects just keep piling up.  I suspect that LG's lack of ability or desire to fix the known/substantial LG800 defects reflect badly on corporate policy for support of any LG product. Despite LG's 'Life's Good' slogan, 'Life is Good (even GR8) Without LG.' BUYER BEWARE!Edited comment August 28, 2012------------------------------Changed the two start rating to one star.I just dread the very idea of using this phone!  The phone continues to have a mind of it's own doing things I did not 'request' and costing me minutes.  Many times the phone rings and no one is there.  A few days ago it just froze up and would not work at all until I removed and replaced the battery.  Why do I need to unlock the phone when the voice mail has just asked me to enter my pin?  I guess it's just another built in seemingly 'small' aggravation that can't be fixed or overridden that makes use difficult when attempting to use the phone with one hand.  Once I use up the minutes, off to another phone and provider.  My suggestion is: Don't bother with this clunker!-----------------------------I swiped this comment from another review of this phone.  "Imprecise touch operation and poor interface design seem to conspire to make this thing do things it shouldn't. Especially when it comes to mis-dialing and either annoying friends or wasting minutes", clunky.I like the triple minutes but not much else.  It's too late (packing materials gone, etc), but wish there was a phone with a better interface or even a simple flip phone w/triple minutes that I could replace this phone with. I thought the experience would improve w/practice, but is hasn't. Disappointing at best.If possible demo or try a friends phone before buying.I intend to use Skype for most of my outgoing calls were ever possible in order to avoid the interface issues. Will likely be less expensive as well.

I bought two of these for myself and wife. The hold a charge well and have quite a few apps. They do dial and go to the internet easily, so you have to have a short locking period or be very careful with the placement in your pocket. I love the fact that you can have a clock on the face so I don't have to wear a watch.

Okay...had this just over a year!  Liked it a lot but then it started randomly turning on & off. While in Hawaii at Christmas....this phone had major meltdown meaning as someone was texting me...it froze.  And since then, can't get it to stay on.....tried removing battery, SIM card, SD card, etc....NOTHING....it is just fried!  I have over 3000 minutes left on it plus a year of service. SO I ordered an LG840 for $32 from Amazon.  I will be able to transfer my minutes & service time to the new phone but my music/phonebook, etc...is just lost.............so have to start from scratch on that.I googled & found MANY have had problems with this freezing & turning on & off at random.  I only hope the LG 840 does not suffer from the same sickness.

i chose this rating because of the good reputation with tracfone,and this being my 1st touch screen fone,i m not looking to be the person with the expensive fone,i just want a phone that i can feel good about and so far things are looking up for my new LG 800g.now to purchase a rubberized gel skin for protection

This phone is great does exactly what it is intended for and more it has been used in the field for fire and ems type work and has held up just great

I am one of the last people on earth probably to get a cell phone. I have to say I love my 800G, unless you look closely it looks like everyone else's expensive touch phones. It has been easy for me to figure out and use.I love the touch screen capiblity for easy texting. Great sound quality,and no contection issuses. My kids say I have finally come into the 21st century.

This phone is so small I thought it would be bigger then this I was disappointed and mad everyone I showed it to said to me why did I buy this phone I told them it was for emergencies when I needed to make a call I would not recommend this phone to any one

this is a cute little phone but it wont activate the sim card was already used had to purchase another sim crd through ebay and still wont activate, NO WAY this was a new phone. buyers BEWARE.......

my son loves it and was so excited to get his first phone. Its great because its usage is control and for a 12yr old child that makes me happy as mom.

Delivery was quick and subsequent return service excellent. However the phone would not respond to the selection of most feature menus etc!  If it had it would have been an excellent deal!Most dissapointing.  Went to Walmart and got a working model (different phone though!)

the screen and  size of number toch screen good  sos this is all I have to say so here are my required number of words!

The phone itself is okay. Cheap plastic feel, but the touchscreen works reasonably well, and if your primary focus is on making phone calls, it does the job.However, when my minutes expired and it came time to renew, I had an absolutely horrible experience. The Tracfone website is horrible. When I tried to reset my password, I got an error. When I tried to complete a transaction to buy more minutes, I got an error. When on my account summary page, I was told that my phone number needed to be verified, and to enter it below...but the page provided no place for me to enter my number.After spending 30 minutes on the phone with customer service, they were still unable to add minutes to my account.I have decided to throw out my Tracfone and instead buy a GoPhone from AT&T.; The cost of the phones at AT&T; are comparable, the customer service is far better, and the plans available are also much better and much cheaper.Do yourself a favor and did NOT buy this phone.

We received it in a  timely period, and my daughter just loves it.  I will recommend it to my family and friends.

Nice features, works well in nearby cities, however in my area there are no bars.  But in its defense, most phones in my area have no bars.  I would have sacrificed the camera for more bars.  I love the triple minutes.

This is like the fourth one I've purchased. They work fine, its just my son keeps sending them thru the wash in his pants pocket. Yep three phones in one year.  I like the minute increments. He never makes phone calls anyway. Just texts. But it serves his emergency needs and my peace of mind. I'm afraid if I spent $300 on a phone and it was left in the wash, I'd be really mad. This way I can continue providing reliable bare bones phone support without crying over the price or worrying about him managing downloads or minutes. He's really picky over how he spends his minutes.  And believe it or not, I have been able to get any remaining minutes on the washed out unusable ones, transferred over to the new phone. When he can keep this alive for more than a year without incident, then we'll talk about upgrading.

This is an AT&T programed phone that works very well with AT&T coverage.  Out here in the sticks, it doesn't work so well.  The features of the phone are excellent compared to any other Trac Fone.  I really wish the coverage would have worked, because this is the phone I wanted.  I had to go with the LG505 to get reception.  The 800 has a nice camera and video recorder in it as well.  My only minor complaint is the optional micro SD card had to go under the battery and couldn't be removed without popping the battery and cover off.

Terrible phone. 5 family members bought this phone based on triple minutes for life feature. 4 family members have replaced it within a year. The one who did not replace is looking to ASAP. The phone has a software issue that locks it up randomly, making it unresponsive and it will not wake up - black screen...nothing. I needed to call 9-1-1 once after witnessing a power line fire over the road. It took 20-30 seconds to respond and unlock itself to allow a 9-1-1 call. DANGEROUS.  On another occasion I got a text message alert, but the phone would not respond. I was forced to remove the rubber case, remove the back, and remove the battery and then replace everything so it would reset itself. I have personally witnessed three other family members have the exact same problem.Horrible touch screen that is not even close to accurate. Trying to type a number or message is almost impossible. You touch number 7 and it registers number 3. You then must correct this mistake only to have it register the back space as enter which causes a big problem because the message gets even more messed up. Horrible phone. You can do MUCH better than this phone. Do yourself a favor and avoid this particular tracfone.

great deal on great phone cant wait for my contract to run out and ill buy one for myself finally out from under verizons gold plated thumb

This was a Christmas gift for our children who have been begging for a phone. The size is decent, not to small yet not big. The touch screen works well and is not delayed. My only issue is after activating the phone they are both getting texts and phone calls from 800 numbers trying to sell them things. This uses up their minutes and there is no solution to this problem. Over all a good starter phone.

Activated my new phone today and found out that it is not compatible with the bluetooth in our car (2011 Nissan Maxima).  Our old phone worked just fine!! I was on my landline with Tracfone for over an hour today and they finally told me that the new phone is not compatible will all bluetooths out there.  Nice huh!  So I am going to transfer the number, minutes, and service back to the old phone.  They tell me that I have to have a new SIM card to do so and are sending it to me.  So I'm very disappointed because I really liked this phone.

I bought this phone off of tracfones website on a bundle deal($20 card+phone...for $20) and should have known being that cheap it would be nothing but a headache.To start, tracfone forgot to send me a SIM card..so i had to wait an extra 4 days just for that. Then, once i went through all of the activation processes, there seemed to be some error so i had to call support(if you need to call support..just look for a different provider, as half the time the people are either incompetent or ineligible). From there, the first tech managed to make matters worse by giving me the wrong codes and it took 3 different support techs to get the matter straight..the third laughed and pretty much implied that the first 2 had no idea what they were doing.now...to the phone. At first i had no problems with the phone..it made/received calls and texts anywhere i went. About two weeks into service, it seemed like there were small hotspots here and there where the reception would work..I have to walk 20 feet from my house just to get a signal(whereas before it worked find, nothing had changed). Now after having the phone for almost 3 months, it works when it wants to(sometimes it takes over a minute to use(it remains unresponsive even while on)), the battery life has become terrible, and when i try to view a picture the phone freezes and locks up...I mean I literally have 3 pictures(have taken more, but the camera on this thing sucks..it is very dark). I could go on and on about my problems with this phone, but I'm sure you can see where this review is going..Simply put, DO NOT BUY

Seems unresponsive at times, but the triple minutes makes this a great bargain phone for someone who doesn't want to pay for a fancy phone.

The tracphone is great, and the triple minutes are wondrful too.  Especially if you are on a budget.  Works great, and you can keep you own phone number.

GOT THIS PHONE FOR MY GRANDAUGHTER FOR CHRISTMAS. SHE WAS VERY HAPPY AND REALLY LIKED THE PHONE. I ADDEDED THE PURPLE SILICONE SKIN SOFT COVER

Delivered on time and product was as described. I love the aps and the no contract, triple minutes feature. Also like the camera feature. The battery lasts a long time for me since I don't leave the phone on all the time. I use it as an emergency phone because I drive alone a lot. This was an upgrade on a very simple Tracfone I have had for years. Glad I chose this phone. I would patronize this seller again.

I have owned this phone less than 6 months, & it has already bit the dust.  I was in the middle of sending a text message, & it went totally out.  It has been a problem since day 1.  Not only did I find it annoying that it would automatically go into lock mode within a very short amount of time, but it would freeze up all the time when I would go to use it.  It would also easily connect to the web if you weren't careful.  I'm going back to a flip-style phone.

Did not get Triple mins. Now won't start up after dropped 3 feet on wood floor. Bad product. Don't buy.

Bought for my pre-teen. Easy to use and I like that I can control the minutes on the unit. It teaches her how to budget her minutes and use the phone for what it was intended for.

I AM THE BUYER'S SON. i have played with this phone in stores and i enjoyed it so now i really want it. I REALLY HOPE IT SHIPS SOON AND DON'T FORGET IF YOU'RE GETTING THIS PHONE MAKE SURE TO GET A 4GB MICRO SD CARD. ill also do another review after i receive the phone

I've had the LG800G now for 4 months and was pleased with it until last week. The lower row of keys on the virtual keyboard just quit (all of them).  I am a light user sending a few texts a week and even less calls per week.  I was happy with this phone overall as I did not have any of the issues that reviewers here pointed out (dropped calls, phone locking up, etc.).  I do not go online at all, so cannot say anything there.  I am very disappointed with this phone now as I can no longer send texts (unless I want to send the text as a very long string of letters, since I have no period, comma, space bar, etc.).  {Also, I have used a stylus to access different functions because I have long nails and touchscreens do not do well with them.} I gave this phone 2 stars because I think a phone should be made to last longer than 4 months; no wonder I got triple minutes for the life of the phone!  In reading the reviews here, I decided to try the Samsung S390G, and ordered it last week from Amazon. I sure hope that one will last me a lot longer than 4 months and with the actual QWERTY keyboard it has, I can do away with the virtual one and touchscreen altogether.  I've not had much luck with the touchscreen phones this past year at all. I hope those who have this phone have better luck than I did.

When I first got this phone I loved it... but I I had it turned out to have some problems. When I went to go on it, it would not turn on.... As many buttons as I pressed I could not get it on. But later on it would finally turn on. Also, there was many problems when I was texting people it would suddenly shut off. I did not like typing on it either... this phone is not very sensitive either... that was another problem with texting..

This was a gift for my daughter so I am not going to be using it, but she seemed pleased with the phone.  Hopefully, it will work out great for her.

I had a major problem with tracfon. They erased my minutes and would not return them I was frustrated and contacted amazon. They came through 100%. Not 99.9% 100%. They apologized about my problem and put all the minutes back and more. I have had problems before and they always take care of the customer. They should run the government we would have no problems. Great job amazon and shame on you tracfon. The 5stars are for amazon, not tracfon. Tracfon gets a big zero.

This is exactly what I wanted.  It was so cheap, that it must be some clearance on last years model.

I recently bought this LG 800G "smart" phone to replace another LG (500) with the teeny-tiny keypad for texting.  Using that phone was a nightmare, seeing how my one finger would routinely push down 2-3 keys at the same time.  Using the new LG 800G is such a nice upgrade from that mini keyboard- love that handwriting recognition feature!  The LG 800 has a great sounding MP3 player (with equalizer and CD cover art), a really good quality camera with instagram-esque filters you can add to your photos, and a very handy touch screen that makes it extremely user friendly.I initially had a problem switching phones - the phone number tranfered okay, but the minutes I had on my old phone (1988) showed up as 0 on my new phone.  I kept getting the "activation required" message as well.  After calling Tracfone 2 times, they had my new LG 800G up and running - and as you can guess, I love it!  If you're looking for a cheap upgrade from a basic Tracfone, this is the one to get.  No- it isn't an iPhone or even one of the many Samsung droid smart phones, but for $30 and $100 for 400 minutes per year (did I mention this phone has 3x minutes!) it'll leave your hard earned dollars in your wallet to be spent on other more important things.  Do iPhone users really spend $600+ a year for data plans + $200 for the phone?  My LG 800g is good enough for what I use it for (actually calling people, texting, and light internet use).

This is my third trac phone and I bought this one because of the triple minutes.  The only thing I use my phone for is, obviously, calling people, and for texting.  It has a lot of other features that I don't bother with.  The only drawback to this particular phone is that the face is so sensitive that without realizing, I get connected to sites I don't want and minutes get deducted whether I get on the site or not.  But when getting triple minutes, I guess I shouldn't complain.  I have to have a phone and this little, inexpensive one suits me just fine.

I picked this one up a few years ago because the service doesn't cost very much. I hate spending a lot of money. It's great if all you do is talk and text (and each text just removes 0.3 minutes off your remaining time) like me, and I think it has a browser too although I've never looked at it. There are some other standard features too including the camera, some basic games, alarms, etc. Also, if you have any unused minutes, they can roll over if you extend the service before the expiration date.Anyway, it's been a few years, so naturally one of the buttons on my phone has stopped working. I figured I would simply order a new phone and put my old SIM card into it (so I can keep my rollover minutes and not have to change my number). Easy, right? As soon as I powered up the new phone, a screen popped up that said &#34;SIM card rejected.&#34; I went to Google and searched how to fix it, but all I got was &#34;Please make sure to insert the original SIM card included in the phone package.&#34; Looks like I'm stuck with a partially busted phone and a new useless paperweight.

Not exactly an Apple touch screen but the size and functionality is very acceptable. The price was much less than the Tracfone price. So far I'm satisfied with this product.

The LG800G is one great phone, lots of features that are easy for even a novice. The only conplaint is when making a call after you dial the keyboard goes away and you have to unlock it to get it back, it makes it hard when you are talking to computers and have to answer questions with the key pad. Other than that alarms, games, clock, calender, camera, tape recorder, blue tooth, world time zones, texting and more this phone is loaded. I tell everyone who asks what a great phone it is. BUY THIS PHONE.

The phone you sold me had a bad battery.  I called the company they said that they didn't have anything to do with thebatteries, and I would have to purchase it from a battery store that sold cell phone batteries.  The were $30.00.  So I just chunked the phone.  I tried the one above, and even though I have a hard time hitting the right letters for the small amount o texting I do it will work fine.I do like the phone it was everything I wanted except the battery.  Thanks for all your wonderful people in the service department  that worked with me..

this phone was a piece of junk since day one. the touch function has never worked correctly; you can't access messages without several attempts; the keyboard does not respond well - it's the worst electronic item I can ever remember buying. It's been 4 months since I've owned it and now it's completely dead. if it's a battery I need, that says a lot too - a new battery after 4 months of use? Of course, I have no idea if it's a battery problem at all. Don't buy this thing!

does just what it is supposed to do. Very impressed with shipment.the Bluetooth works great' just what I needed. Yes

This phone is junk.  If I am standing in just the right spot I may be able to talk on it. Touch keypad is not responsive, sticky and as nimble as a three legged hippo.

I am happy with this phone. It was a great price and has the features I need. I gave it 3 stars because the back does not click into place and stay on the phone. I've had to tape it together. Also, sometimes the touchscreen can be quirky and then I have to go back to the menu to manuever to the texting screen numerous times. Overall, it's a good phone for the price I paid.

I have one of these, and I really like it.  I only use it when I am visiting the US.  I have a much more expensive and feature-filled smart phone normally, but I like this one a lot for my vacations.  The only thing I don't like is that I can't really share my photos.  I can take photos, but I cannot share them.  Perhaps just my phone is defective, or maybe I just don't know how to do it right, but I cannot share my photos.  Aside from that, I am amazed at the clarity and reception of this phone.  It really is a good value.

The phone isn't an iphone, but for the price it works well and is a step up from the $10 or $20 phones. Triple minutes doesn't hurt either!

This phone is great for me since I don't call that much and mostly text. Sending a text costs .30 minutes and reading a text takes another .30 minutes. Very rarely it will say a text failed to send and you will have to send it again wasting .60 minutes. Sending up to 5 pictures costs 1.00 minutes and receiving a picture(s) costs 1.30 minutes. Since this phone is Triple Minutes the minutes you buy are multiplied by 3. I use the 120 minutes card that costs $30 then it ends up being 360 minutes, and using a promo code gets me to 420 minutes. The internet browser is really slow, but you can use it for basic things. I haven't really used the browser since I use my computer and don't need to be connected to the internet when I go out. Calling is average, but I just use it to talk for up to 2 minutes and it sometimes makes strange noises. It's kind of like a smartphone, but I wouldn't say it is. The touch screen isn't the same as on other touch screens, so you have to push your finger harder. The games on this phone also are pretty bad, but it has a calculator with Sin, Tan, and Cos which I find very helpful in my math class. Every card you buy comes with 90 service days which is great and you can buy more minutes to add more days. Your old minutes won't expire as long as you have service days it's really good if you like to conserve your minutes. This phone is perfect for me, but I wouldn't recommend it to everyone since it does have it's fair share of flaws. If you can look around that, then this is a great phone that saves a ton of money.

This was exactly the item I purchased. Packaging was excellent. Price was very good. The only qualms I have about getting this phone is that it has no wi-fi capability whatsoever.

Great little phone. Easy to use and I get triple minutes for the price of one. What a deal! Thank you.

I wanted a smartphone, but already had Tracfone, and wished to keep my Tracfone service.  This phone is the perfect alternative to a smart phone.  It was cheaper, and nearly functions the same way as a smartphone.  Texting is very easy to use, and Contacts can have a personal picture image for each entry.  I also use the Bluetooth feature to transfer files from a Mac computer.  Phone doubles as an MP3 player.  Add a 4 gig card (nothing larger is recognized) and you have plenty of storage.  Has web browsing capability, but that aspect is clunky and very slow.  Camera is convenient, however it is low res, around 2 Megapixel, and subject to blurring due to my movement.  I suggest a real camera for important images.  Overall phone functions well, has a reliable connection, clear voice, and fits well in your hand.  Plastic touch screen can be easily scratched, use caution in pocket with keys or coins.  Comical theme can be changed to more colorful theme, included.  Use any images you wish for backgrounds.  Record audio and video, again lower quality, use if nothing else available.  Cheap price and no contract offsets quality issues.

I bought this to upgrade my old Tracfone and to replace my old MP3 player; it's worked out great so far. It gets reception in areas where my LG420G didn't. The sound is crisp and clear, even on the surprisingly loud built-in speaker. The camera is about average for a cell phone camera-- not particularly good, but it'll do in a pinch. The software is easy to operate. I've seen a lot of complaints about the touch screen, but it's worked great for me so far. The included manual will tell you how to switch from a touchtone-style keypad to a QWERTY keyboard for texting.For my needs, it was important to get a micro SDHC memory card and a microUSB cable right away. This model can only accept memory cards up to 4 gigabytes (some websites say 8GB; this is incorrect) and it takes a Micro-B USB adapter (very flat, with beveled edges). If you're upgrading from an older Tracfone, definitely try to do it online first; only call their customer service phone number if there's a problem with the website.

This is a great phone for those who want the most for their money if they just want a prepaid  phone with good features. It might not be as fancy an Android, but, it's not cheap like the $9.95 flip phones.It's the best of both worlds and with triple minuets, it's a good deal. Go for it!

I like the bigger screen and I ow have a camera for a quick picture when I don't have my camera along.

This is a good phone, I've had it for almost 3 years now. I've dropped it several times - it's broken open and it's still alive, hasn't slowed down at all (I even worked on a veggie farm, with it in my pocket, it got dirt inside of it and it dropped several more times, but is still quick and easy)! It's not the best phone ever, but it works for what a phone is needed for.The only things I don't like about this phone is:-when you get a message, you don't know who it's from until you've opened it, it just says 'new message'.-Every-so-often, it locks me out of it... I go to open my phone to check n' see if I have any messages, and it automatically locks me out and I have to put the PUK code in :/. that just started within about 5 months from now but is very irritating.But that's it, no big complaints. If you want a starter phone, or just a small phone that does talk and text - then this would be perfect for you!

Really annoying AUTO LOCKcant turn this feature off, even though menu has options.  Constantly having to unlock it.very aggravating.

This phone worked well and did not drop calls.  I didn't like the set up of the text features, as it was set up like e-mails (inbox, outbox, etc.)  The phone did not connect well to the internet, and I constantly had to select unlock too often during its use.  I also was unable to sync my e-mails to this phone.  It's a decent phone for $25, but not savvy enough for me.  I replaced it with a Motorola Defy XT, and switched to the Straight Talk plan.  I'm very happy with my new phone :)

I've had the LG800G Prepaid phone for 3 months now with NO PROBLEMS. I use it for googling, txting, bluetooth and I bot the mini SD card, computer cable, screen cover and rubber case all for less than $15--sold separately.  U will have to have to get the SD card for it if you want features like the MP3 to work. And you will need the computer USB cable for it to connect the SD card to your computer so you can transfer music files. It came with 20 FREE minutes initially which were good for 2 months and then  I bot 2 60 minute cards since then which added 3 more months EACH so I dont have to add any more minutes till December and its March now!  BUT the cool thing is that I buy the $20 (60 min=180 cuz I get triple minutes) prepaid cards at Warehouse Club who sell them for $18 (instead of $20) cuz Im a business member.  Moreover, I love the TRIPLE MINUTES (thru Tracfone) that came with the phone and how they roll over if you dont use them all up--as long as you add more minutes b4 your service days end.  I blew my font up to large so I can see my txts without my glasses (which I couldnt do on my old phone) I get all my txts and calls now which was also a problem with my old contract company. I quit my contract phone with "V" to buy this tracfone and easily activated it online within a couple minutes.  It has tons of features that I use in my business daily.  It has 3 different types of keyboards u can activate on the screen: 1.full querty--like a typewriter, 2. traditional keyboard--where you push a number btwn 1-3X to get a desired letter and 3.I can HANDWRITE my text on the screen with my finger!! Camera and Video work great too. I love how I can set the phone to autoLOCK the screen if I want to so it doesnt dial in my purse and I like how it fits in my purse and is not like the more popular phones out there that are like holding a shoe up to your ear.  This phone is perfect for me.  Plus Im saving a TON of money every month, I LOVE IT!!  It really helps in this economy. I have NO COMPLAINTS at all.

My son loves his cell phone. It is different for me than what I am used to using.  He is satisfied with it so that's all that matters.

at first it worked fine then after i bought a bunch of minutes it just quit working!!you dont want that in a phone..

I purchased this phone for my daughter to use.  It is pretty user-friendly touch screen, however, it does not have a keyboard so you have to use the number pad for texting.  Also, the charger included no longer works, after 2 weeks of use.  That was very disappointing but luckily, we had another LG charger that we were able to use.  For a $15 phone, it serves it's purpose but I wouldn't count on it for long-term use.

I bought this LG800 less than a year ago, trading up from a Samsung 301 slider,  thinking it would help me get used to a touch screen.With nothing to compare it to, I find it clunky - hard to use, doesn't respond easily, vey difficult to access the phone book, or access the keypad to respond to voice prompts.  I would not recommend this phone !

YOU CAN ONLY USE TRAC PHONE SERVICE AND  NO ONE ELSE,LARRY NATELLI GOOD DESIGN FOR A OUTDATED COMPANY WHO HAS OTHERR PHONES.

I received this phone quickly and well packaged. Works great and very easy to use and set up. After fully charging it, I had it activated in just 5 minutes, works great and I love it. As for the customer who complained about voice mail, it does prompt you to press 7 to delete your messages and there is no digital number on the keypad when using voicemail. You can call your cell phone from a land line, then when the voice mail prompt comes on press * or # and follow prompts and you can hear and delete your messages on voice mail from home.

It works good except when trying to delete the world time clock.  Also it seemed to take time to get used to the touch when texting, but that did improve.  The other thing was that it fit in my exisiting holster, so I didn't have to buy a new one.  The screen is a nice size and easy to read.  It has some unique ring tones.  I had to listen through a couple of times to find the right one for me.  I also like the method of being able to save more than one phone number for the contacts and be able to use the speed dialing easily for each contact.

Love my new LG800G Tracfone with triple minutes and no contract. So easy to use. Wish you offered &#34;glitsy&#34; protectors for it.

For the price of this LG 800G you can't beat it. I like the way it takes pictures and it's easy to scroll though your pictures once their in the picture gallery.

This was way too complicated for me to use.  I finally found a &#34;bigger&#34; 800G model on QVC or HSN & bought it there.  The new phone is GREAT!  Let me know if you want to buy this model from me!

I really just wanted a basic and cheap phone that didn't tie me down to a contract, and this one has fit the bill. I don't need or use a lot of extra features, although I've stored more than 500 songs on this phone so I like that it doubles as an MP3 player.My pet peeve with this phone is the most basic of things: the power button. Sometimes I have to hold it down for an extended time before it powers on. And a couple of times I've thought the phone was off, but it's actually been on, and I've accidently drained the battery.UPDATE - I downgraded the rating from 4 to 2 stars because of continuing issues with the power button. Often have to pop the battery out and put it back in to get the phone to turn on again.

I recently got this LG800g Tracfone to replace an older LG225 flip phone, primarily because I wanted a cookie type phone that could also serve as an mp3 player. I purchased a data cable, 4 gb micro disk (the max for this particular phone), and silicone gel case from Amazon, so for under $70 I have everything I need to make this phone function for all my needs. When connected to a docking station, the sound is awesome--and welcome--since our local radio station decided Central California residents are no longer interested in classical music. Transferring my number and minutes over to the new phone was easy with Tracfone's customer service.As for transferring music onto your Tracfone, just be sure you connect to "Mass Storage" so the device icon shows up in "My Computer". Then it's a snap to cut and paste or copy/paste from one drive to another.If you are new to the LG800g, Google tutorials for an impressive list of tasks. I did this to create playlists for my phone so I can separate the classics from the Celtic and so forth.With the triple minutes for life option, I will never run out of minutes. Neat!

Had to return this phone because it wouln't make or receive calls. After spending over two hours with Tracfone I gave it up as a lost cause.

A great phone I bought for my son. He uses it every day without a problem. It was a smart choice.

This was a great deal and I was able to transfer my minutes and air time with ease. My only gripe is when I text now it charger 1 minute were before it was .30-.50 per text. May have to talk to tracfone.

Purchased as a gift, charging it in progress, won't know how well it works until the end of the month but it came very quickly -- well packaged, brand new, sealed in store shelf case...  lightweight and small -- anxious to try it out.

Great price for a smartphone and if you ignore limited Java apps compared to a iPhone and lack of pinch & zoom this phone has a fantastic feature set I really think it's like 3/4's of what I wanted in the iPhone plus its pre-paid and out of 20 or more GSM phones The 1st one to get all the signal bars at my house. Go see some you-tube review videos. I might buy a spare!Not having any of the pocket dial or touch screen issues mentioned by others, perhaps they changed the current firmware. So, if your a Tracphone,Safelink, Net10 or Straight Talk you can get this phone.

I like the phone. I am still learning to use it. Has a lot more features than my old phone. I tried t transfr numbers from old phone but was unable. Gave me pradtice loading all the names and numbers. Once I get all the features down I will like it better. I got confused when shopping I tought this phone had WiFi which would not use my min.

I got my phone about two or three years ago.  It does everything I need it to do, and some things I didnt even know it could do.  I mostly text and it is great for that.  Minutes seem to last forever.  I dont like dealing with Tracfone customer service persons because some dont speak English very well, so of course, they dont really understand what youre saying, but the phone and service is good.  I recommend this phone wholeheartedly.  I believe I need a new battery, but with this being so reasonable, I will just get another phone.

I owned one of these for a year before I replaced my wife's phone with one. Nice big display, easy keyboard texting, and many features we don't need. This is a great phone for economic-minded people.

I found the web feature on this phone to be somewhat useless.  It will not allow you to use most sites successfully such as ebay, amazon etc.  Why bother?  If you only need a phone you probably don't need a large lcd.  I'm sure it's the interface with tracfone.  They are real minches.  Get a little old cell phone for phone calling or a real smart phone with another service provider for real browsing.UPDATE 8-28-13After owning this phone for 1 year I can honestly say I want something else.  And it's not only the phone but the Tracfone service that is not up to snuff.  First off the phone has a feature that is a real deal breaker.  When you dial the phone locks up and you have to press a button to unlock it (by design) and it cannot be changed.  So if you reach a voice mail for instance that requires you enter a number to choose where you need the voice mail system to take you next, you have to press the unlock button and hope the voice mail doesn't time-out before you get there.  And it always locks up within a second or two after you hit the call button.  There is absolutely no way to overcome the design glich.  (you can google for yourself and see all the complaints about this feature).  What's more tracfone has reduced the services available for this phone since I purchased it last year.  No longer are you able to read the news as those links were removed earlier this year without notice.  Plus whenever you try to log on to a known site like ebay or yahoo it takes forever to log on to the site or times out prior to ever getting a response.  There are many other 'gliches' with this phone as well and with Tracfone that causes me to not recommend this to anyone.

As a prior Tracfone customer I was out of minutes and it was cheaper for me to purchase this new LG with triple minutes than to reload my old phone with double minutes.  The price was $12 cheaper than buying through Tracfone, and the new model LG was attractive - it was time to upgrade.  My only complaints are that they only include a basic set up guide, but no detailed manual. I went on-line to get a more comprehensive manual and it is not very good.  I even tried calling Tracfone's customer service and they couldn't help either since the phone is so new, they don't know how to support it.  My other gripe is that when in voicemail, the phone keeps locking every 6 seconds, which requires you to press a button to unlock it in order to delete the voicemail or respond.  The phone's setup allows you to customize the locking feature for anywhere from 6 to 60 seconds, but that option doesn't carryover to voicemail for some reason.  On the positive side, sound quality is good, internet access is available, the camera is decent, and I will load some music on it as soon as my optional USB cable arrives.  I also purchased a micro CD card to expand the memory.  All of the accessories which I purchased (gel case, plastic screen protectors, USB cable, and micro CD) were very inexpensive.

this phone has been easy to use and a great addition to the cell phones we already have. i am thinking i might switch all of the phones over to a prepaid plan.

I wanted a phone for an emergency and maybe a once in a while call.  It is good and takespictures also.  We keep getting triple minutes.

Looked for what I thought would be a phone that I could use as a intro to smartphones, and it is a good one for someone just beginning to use this technology(Good Job, LG). Also the Triple Minutes makes up for those beginner mistakes(Thank You, Tracfone). Thank you Amazon for your prompt shipping and customer service.

It was just liked I expected, and I loved that it came with triple minutes.Fast and easy transaction. Will buy again.

I was gifted this phone after using a flip phone for YEARS. I actually can't stand this phone in comparison! The touch screen is so sensitive even inside of a carrying case that I waste more minutes on &#34;butt dials&#34; than on actually talking or texting! Just the other day I had 97 minutes on my phone and only three days later I had 20 minutes because the phone dialed on it's own because it nudged against things in my purse. This is not the phone for me and I'm spending to much money on it's mistakes. Sure it's awesome to take and receive pictures and record alarm tones but with the hassle that also comes with it I want my flip phone back!

Nice phone and found the best deal and price on Amazon.  I highly recommend this phone, but make sure you buy the extra's as it only comes with A/C plug in, so you will need a car plug in and screen protectors etc. My seller on Amazon was cheaper than anyone on the net period when I bought. Really love the triple minutes for "LIFE" also was a big decision maker.

I bought the LG 800G to replace an LG 420G that was a backup for my LG 500G. I ordered it from Amazon and the triple minutes for life was the main factor in deciding to get this phone.I used the Tracfone website to transfer the LG 420G phone number, minutes, and days to the LG 800G.  Everything went smoothly and my new phone was up and running in less than an hour after I started the process. I then put in a 200 minute card and it gave me 600 more minutes right away. With tax, the 200 minute card cost $43.18, making the actual cost a little over 7 cents per minute.The LG 800G is smaller than the LG 500G, but the screen is larger.  The 800G virtual QWERTY keypad only works with texting and you have to switch back and forth between kepypads if you want to enter numbers or symbols. The 500G actual keypad is more convenient to use, especially for entering contacts and putting numbers and symbols into texts.When making a call, the 800G keypad locks after three seconds, making it very inconvenient to switch to the speaker phone or enter other data. The 500G is much better while actually on the phone with a call. With the 500G, you have to push and hold the lock button to lock it, while the 800G does it automatically.The 800G has a screen that can be seen outside in bright light, while the 500G is almost impossible to see outside. The 800G touchscreen works just fine for me, although it takes some getting used to.The Internet and camera features are equal on both phones. I don't use any of the apps so I can't comment on those features.The 500G and 800G use the same charger and the same LGIP-430N battery and that is very helpful when you own both phones.As far as the basic features and the convenience of use, I think the 500G is just a little better phone.  However, the triple minutes feature of the 800G is quite superior to the double minutes of the 500G.  If you use up a lot of minutes every day, then the triple minutes of the 800G make it the phone for you.  But, if you only use a phone for basic talking and texting a few minutes a day, then the 500G is the better buy. I really don't think you can go wrong with either one.  They are both excellent phones for the money.Right now, I will continue to use the 500G as my main carry phone and use the 800G as the backup, but I think I could be comfortable using either one on a regular basis.Update (5/30/2014) I am still using my Lg800G as my main carry phone.  I have found a way to listen to your voicemail messages without using any minutes, if you have a land line.  Just call your LG800G from your home phone.  When the voicemail message starts, press * and it will ask for your voicemail password. Enter that and you can listen to and delete your messages without using a minute of your time.

BEST phone purchase so far!! It came in the Original packaging,and was Brand-New when I got it.With triple-minutes,and roll-over of un-used minutes,it's the BEST phone and phone-plan I've ever had.I used Centennial ( now ATT&T ) , Sprint,and Net10-NONE of them even come close!!! No more monthly bills,no more monthly re-loads of my minutes.I couldn't be happier!!

You can't beat triple minutes these days and this price hear beats even the major discount stores by half when I bought it. Nice phone too. Good sound, large touch screen. My only problem is I can't find out to set up the voice mail. Maybe it's just me, but I see nothing about it anywhere that I looked. Even on it's web site and tracfone I found nothing about it. Is it possible there us no voice mail capability?! Someone out there smarter than me please let me know how to do it if you know how. Thanks.

Works great and for the price can't beat it.  It actually is cheaper than going out and buying a simple mp3.  But it is a phone, camera and more.  Worth the price.

Nothing to like about this phone. First of all this phone is difficult to operate,functions are not easy to be seen on display.

Within a month of getting my 1st LG800 it kept powering off all by itself for no reason no matter how charged it was. I even left it alone, fully charged on an open table overnight - next morn it was off (not locked, but really powered off.) TracFone sent me a replacement - took 1.5 hours to get them to do that. The replacement worked better. Was on the phone with TracFone another half-hour getting the talk-time/phone # transferred. When I added minutes I realized they replaced my triple-minute phone with a double-minute phone. Took another 3 hours to get that straightened out. 6 months later the replacement started doing the same thing with the power. I'd have to re-seat the battery to get it to work again [This is faster than calling customer service.]I agree with other reviewers about the auto-lock feature. It's really, really annoying for checking voicemail [dial, unlock phone, get to dial-pad, enter security pin, listen to everything you missed while typing, unlock phone, press 1 to listen to message, unlock phone, press a number, listen, unlock phone, etc... Shutting off auto-lock does NOT work. I'm so fed up with all the time I've wasted on getting this model to work that I'm now looking at a different model.

I like it, the mp3 player sounds great, but.... The one thing that drives me crazy is the lock. If you're using the phone to call anywhere that you might have to use their automated system before getting through to a human, you'll go nuts. Between every prompt, the lock will activate. Within seconds of your last entry. To unlock and press the apropriate key, you have to hold down the "unlock" for two or three seconds (you might have to repeat this process before it actually unlocks), THEN press the keypad icon to get the keypad back before you can press "1 for English" or whatever you need to press. It can take so long that some automated systems will return you to the begining. THAT CAN MAKE A PERSON LOSE IT. So, if you only make calls like that at home from a landline, or the phone is for a kid who never has to call the bank, it's a great deal. If you do need to use it for those purposes, spend more on a different phone. In the end you'll be saving far more money that you'll eventually need to spend on psychiatry or a lawyer.

I checked this phone models service availability on another site and it said this phone could be used in my area. So i bought 2 of these for my sons for Christmas. When i tried to activate them the website would not allow it. I called TracFone customer service and they said it wouldnt operate in my area. They were supposed to be sending a comparable replacement. What we received was something that looked like an old fashioned blackberry. No touch screen, no option to add a sm card. Very disappointed.

The only thing I like about this phone is the prepaid minutes, but as I don't use the phone very much I can put up with its shortcomings.  Drops a lot of calls and when I do get a call it breaks up a lot I would suggest this phone

The phone is very nice, however there is a learning curve that I need to refer to the book very often

I cancelled my contract with my cellphone company (not naming the company, but it was not as Mobile to a Tee).  I live in a zone where service is hit or miss.  I use this when traveling or out and about.  Love that I can purchase minutes and they are tripled when added.  Great phone for non-texters, non-internet users.

Does everything I need and more. I do use a stylus when using Qwerty Keyboard, much easier and faster for me.Got a great Bargain on Amazon when I bought mine. Thanks Amazon.

Does this look like the word phone(pjpmr)or does this look like the word the (tje). When your message is finished it looks like a foreign language. I get so frustrated I end up calling the person instead. You have to beat the letters to make them work. The whole set up of this phone is tedious. I liked my old LG 500 better,it  was sooooo much easier to operate. People hear me say when I'm using this phone "I hate this phone" then they try it and say "yep it is to much work, you need a new phone" The only thing good about it is the triple minutes.Don"t buy it. I replaced it with a lg530g triple minute Tracfone. Now this one I recommend.

Gift was very much appreciated. Phones were what they said they would be. Tracfone pricing for additional minutes is a little high.

This looks like a super cool phone and it does have a touch screen but i was wondering if you flip it and open it to text - does it have that kinda key pad?

My Wife and I have been using Tracfones since 2005...My new LG800g arrived on time and I called and got my number and minutes transfered, I had to call due to the online method was going to remove 1,962 minutes from my phone !!! In their infinite wisdom Tracfone dropped me from our family value plan, only been on it for years--same phone number same customer ID same as before except they do not know who the devil I am with my new phone?? If I want to be re-enrolled in our family plan I need to call back at the end of October, but before the new minutes are charged for November and then they "should be able to re-enroll my phone in the value plan"" SHOULD!!!!  After another hour on the phone with them I am just amazed that this is my fault! I was actually told that I should have informed the customer service rep that I will need to reenroll my phone in the same plan it was already enrolled in, when they swapped over to the new phone. I informed her that at no time was I made aware that upgrading a Tracfone was also a cancelation of current phone plan. Of cource I could re-enroll right now however since my wifes phone had already gotten her minutes I would have to pay the full months value plan charges as well as what was already charged to my account for just my wifes phone --oh and she will not get any more minutes since she already recieved hers this month.... Just amazing!!

I dislike the auto lock keyboard. Every time you have to key in a number I.e. one for English, you have to unlock.Trac phone mislead us, and no longer offer International calls without a REDICULOUS  procedure that never works properly.

I wanted a phone with all the bells and whistles, but didn't want to pay an arm and leg.  This phone satisfies both requirements.  It has every feature I wanted (including blue tooth capability) and was very reasonbly priced.  I am enjoying it and looking forward to learning more of its capabilities.  Having loads of fun.

I hated the fact that you couldnt get unlimited talk and text and the highest plan was way too much for the very few minutes/texts they gave you. Plus i kept having problems with the phone and service provider. They took FOREVER to connect to and when they finally fixed the problem it happened ALL OVER AGAIN!!! Im sorry I spend one penny on this phone!

Might be nice if it worked.  Doesn't see sim card, tracfone sending another, but maybe it's the phone.  What a hassle, and tracfone customer service is difficult, at best.  Will not provide any compensation for my frustration.  Will update, but need the phone NOW, not in 3 tom 5 more days

I got this phone for my 11year old and she loves it. It does all its supposed to do. I got the phone fast and with no issues.

Texting on this phone will torment you.  The little english to spanish is a very annoying button also that i accidentally hit many times.  Tough screen but it did not align with texting very well.  Fingers do not work that well on these tiny keyboard, you need something else.  After several months my keyboard went haywire so its done for.It has a nice little camera etc. but I am more of a texting person.  Also it is not as user friendly, like other tracfones, as I have had with other companies but for the price it is worth it.  If you like texting I suggest the LG500, that i am going back now, or a sliding keyboard tracfone.

The LG800G Tracfone is so easy to use and has tons of features and is as sophisicated as other high end phones.  So glad I upgraded to this phone plus it is fun to explore.

When I first received this phone, it took at least three calls to Tracfone to have it function properly and to get my triple minutes. The original phone malfunctioned within days. Tracfone immediately sent a replacement and my first surprise was that replacement phones get double minutes instead of triple, even if the new phone is replacing a defective one.When activating the replacement phone, the rep gave me a new phone number, even though I did not want one. After at least five phone calls, the replacement never was activated properly. It now resides in my desk drawer. I am out over $60 in total and have learned a lesson. The Tracfone customer service I received was very poor. Most reps have a heavy foreign accent and seem to be reading from a script, rather than properly responding to problems. I have had phones from both AT&T; and Verizon and have always received good service. Unfortunately, there is no rating lower than 1 star.I next ordered a GoPhone from Amazon and easily activated it on line with AT&T.; It works well and is only 10 cents a minute-perfect for my infrequent calls.

Phone works well exceped the voicemail which won't work at all. It is impossible to access because the phone locks up( even though it is repeatedly set up to never lock ) and doesn't allow any time to unlock,put on speakerphone, open the key pad, and enter the password ( which never was set up in the first place but customer service gave you after untold time on the line ). Before this can ever be preformed it will hang up on you. If you don't ever want to use voicemail the phone might work for you. Will be sending this one back.

I have been a Tracfone user for many years (approximatley 7)and would recommend them to anyone wanting good service at low monthly rates.  I recently upgraded my phone (purchased through Amazon along with additional phone accessories) to the LG 800G and love it.  The customer service at Tracfone was outstanding - they walked me through transferring my phone number, service time and minutes and the transfer was seamless. I have seen harsh reviews regarding their customer service and all I can say is they treat me much better than my husband's cell phone company treats him!

For the price of this phone it's great you can't go wrong. I bought this for my husband and he just loves it. it's all touch screen, it has 3 buttons on the bottom: call, back button,(an arrow  curving back to the left) end. it has a button on the top which is the off & on button when you push and hold it. it will shut off or turn on. It's easy to put your contact in. Does have internet, does take memory card. You can have it to lock or not to lock at all. I put it on do not lock but it does lock and it's easy to unlock all you have to do is hold the lock and it will unlock. There is away to get around the lock. If you push the top button it will take you to your home screen with out being locked. Also if you are getting a call you can hit send without pushing the lock to unlock the phone also works when you end the call, just push end. You have different ringtones which are great there are some nice ones on there. Also has picture id as well as caller id & ring tone. I have this phone set to where it will show who is calling with their name & picture. When you put their contact info in the phone hit edit and add a photo also make sure you click the ringtone and give them a ringtone or it will not have a ringtone and will not ring. You can set it to not answer calls if it's blocked, easy to text on as well. Getting Triple minute is a great bonus with this phone can't go wrong for the price.

The phone looks nice and works okay. What drives me crazy is that it randomly shuts down. Then it won't turn on again, I have to keep hitting buttons and it turns on and off until it's finally on again. Sometimes (way too often) I have to remove the battery to make the phone work again. Needless to say that the cute little cover I got for it is now out of work because I can't take it off all the time (well, I CAN but I don't want to). My husband has the same issue with his phone (he's got the same model) so I know mine is not just defective. It is annoying and also dangerous, I need a phone that works in case of emergency, not some undependable piece of plastic. I had this problem with an LG phone before, I guess they build better TVs than phones.Another negative thing is that the web browser is basically useless as it is way, way, waaaay too slow. I definitely wouldn't recommend buying this product.

I chose Tracfone because of the high rating. I am still learning all of the features and how to use them, however, I feel certain that it will be just fine. The real test will be the "service area". My husband and I travel quite often and with my other provider, I was unable to stay in touch with family, I am hopeful that Tracfone will provide the service I am looking for. This product was received in excellent condition and on time.

I have been using this phone and it easy to operate and works great.I have been using Tracfone for a few years now and it is a great deal.

I purchased this phone around 2/2012 as a grift for my wife.  She hates it and wants to transfer all her remaining minutes back to her old tracfone, due to constant autolocking, and inablilty to make internatinal calls that she was able to do with her older tracfone. I just got off the phone with customer service ( 3rd time ) and they admit escalating calls and concerns with autolock and also texting. They gave replacement phones to those having texting issues, but no replacement for the autolocking issue.  Save you self the headache and don't buy this phone. By the way the older phone is the Motorola C139 (I have that one and use it with out issues), and because it has been inactive for more than two months , they have to send me a new sim card for me to reactivate it, thankfully at no charge to me.

Imagine going back in time 15 years; "can you hear me now?" losing connections on every long distance call.  I read the reviews here on Amazon before I bought this tracfone and now I'm back to let you know how absolutely awful the coverage was.  It's enough to think that tracfone wrote those phony reviews that look like mini ads for their product.  I'm not talking about the phone itself but the coverage.  I live in Denver and according to tracfones website, they use different carriers to offer coverage to their customers.  Wow, I was totally blown away by how awful it was, so heed my warning and reconsider before you make a big switch.

I had bought this phone directly from Tracfone because I thought that even though I don't have enough money to get an actual smartphone, it might be a nice alternative.  After two weeks of purchasing it, the phone started to have some glitches in it.  I had originally just passed it off thinking the phone is just getting used to being used all the time, no worries.  If the phone is kept on long enough, it gets to the point where it doesn't like to respond to you.  I had gotten this phone back in 2011, and it really started acting badly around a year later when any form of warranty was up.  The phone really doesn't like to respond as much as other typical phones do, so I would just save any trouble you have of wanting to get this phone is insist that you get a regular flip phone if you don't have the money for an awesome smart phone.

As I needed a smart phone to run the apps for a Nissan Leaf, I thought this was a huge deal; caviet emptor(Latin:let the buyer beware)!While it is a touch screen phone, the Operating System is proprietary.This means it won't run apps for Android, Lion, or iPhone operating systems which comprise most of the app market.However, as a basic function phone, it's great.Crisp, clear voice transmissions.Just need a stylish phone, this is it!If you need to run apps and link to different networks, due diligence pays.

I bought this a long time ago and it is still working and now my mom and dad have it because I bought a new smart phone. That was not a smart thing to do.

I bought this package in April because I don't use my phone a lot but I have to be reachable 24/7. The phone itself is nice, although sometimes it goes in a deep sleep mode and is hard to wake up. So the phone is OK, it is just Trackfone that is abysmal. I got the phone because they advertise international calls at the same price as domestic calls. WRONG!I tried to call home in Belgium: didn't work. The Trackfone rep told me I was using a wrong phone number ( yeah, it's my home number). Then I tried to call my office (also a landline) in Paris, France. Same issue, same response. Also when you sent a text message, it deducts minutes from your account even before sending the text and quite often you get "message failed to send" so you have to try again, burning more minutes. Also, the line breaks off often, even when the phone shows 4 or 5 bars signal strenght.

I bought this phone for my wife.  We had been paying about $45 per month for her ATT cell phone, which she probably used three times per year for a total of less than 30 minutes.  She doesn't text and didn't have a data connection.  She decided to try doing without a phone for about three months and then became nervous about not having a phone if she had an emergency.  So that's why I got her this phone.  It has everything she needed, which admittedly isn't much, and triple minutes is a sweet deal.  What exceeded my expectations was that after buying 60 minutes (now 180), I expected they would expire in 90 days.  To my surprise, they're going to expire in a year and 90 days.  This might just be a mistake by Tracfone, but I like it.  I have a smartphone that I'm paying ATT $85 per month for with unlimited data and texting, but I only send and receive about 10 or 15 texts per month and use very little data, especially now that I have a Kindle Fire HDX that I use with my wireless router at home.  As soon as my contract expires, I'm going to get a Tracfone, too.  For my needs, I'm betting I can get away with only paying $20 per month or less.  These phones are a great plan for those of us who don't live on our phones.  It might be a different story if we didn't have a landline at home, though.

Phone works really good. I bought it for my mother, she likes the large screen and how long the battery lasts. Also the triple minutes are a plus.

This is a GREAT phone!! The price is great and with triple units, you got a great deal!!! The service is very good.Love the touch screen too.

I wish the ringtone was louder.  Otherwise it is worth the money.  Got a 616 area code number when our zip code is 49451.. for 231 area code and roaming shows all the time.  Those first 10 minutes I thought went fast.  Didn't call anyone but minutes went somewhere.  Didn't do texting.  I called and asked about the roaming and the lady said that wouldn't use up our minutes.  Have to get a minutes card and if it uses double minutes for roaming I will call your company back.  If I am out of the 616 area code is it always going to be taking more minutes off my card?  Thanks

Was very happy with my purchase the phone works very good. Wish to find a larger phone, perhaps another deal.

Always shop the Amazon first. This phone is ok... disable touch tone keypad... but still sounds tones when keying in card numbers and stuff.Got x3 minutes and use it as a spare. Really nice and readable key pad... locks out all the time.For $24.95 it's ok, nice phone.edshomeoffice.com

Being raised by depression babies who learned to save every penny, I am always trying to get the best deal around. I am a Tracfone girl who was looking to move up from a flip phone. This model got good reviews and was very affordable here on Amazon (it cost more through Tracfone).I was so excited when it arrived. I also bought a cover to match, so fun! It took awhile for me to fill it with all my phone numbers, contact emails and such. But it was so cool to see all that it was capable of doing. So NO, it's not a &#34;SMART&#34;phone, but it your budget is limited and you don't plan on searching the internet a lot, this is a great phone to consider.It's been over a year since I misplaced it. If you find it (it has a floral cartoony cover), please let me know! LOL

I bought this phone for my daughter and it is awful.  AWFUL.  Anti-intuitive, quirky features.  Locks while placing a call, dial pad doesn't work during call (which means you can't check voicemail from the phone).

This is a good phone and does everything we need it to do.  We especially like the prepaid plan as we really only use the phone for emergencies.

love it. great in between phone. didnt want a i phone but this serves my needs just as well for way less money.my wife now wants one.

This was a total waste of money for me, because the phone got absolutely no reception where I wanted to use it.  I thought Tracfone prided itself on getting reception pretty much anywhere.  No such luck.  Sorry I wasted my money.

we bought this as a first phone for our 12 yr old son and it has worked out fine.  .

This phone is just that a phone, most of the time.  Sometimes it is not even a phone and more of a paperweight. You'll do so much better with the LG smart phone for under 20.00.

I bought this phone two years ago, as a step up from a flip phone.PROS:-Easy to use, large icons-Can set font to 4 sizes-Has two customizable screens- one for basic apps (instant-click new message, sound, camera, etc), and one for contacts and options for them-Has three totally customizable sound profiles, along with the multiple ones that are auto-set-Can put messages into different foldersCONS:-Touch screen while typing is majorly delayed. I can easily type 3 to 4 characters ahead of what is actually appearing on the screen. Typing while you have the vibration setting on is not recommended, in my opinion.-Randomly turns off and back on again when opening up a message-I don't know if this is just age-related, but since the phone's 18-month birthday, it's taken me, on average, 30 seconds to open and view a message (yes, I've timed it).OTHER:-When you send a message, you have to be careful to not lock the phone before the notification pops up that the message has been sent. However, sometimes that message won't show up at all, leaving you hanging. If you lock the phone before the message has been sent, it won't finish sending until you unlock the phoneIn the end..Good phone for the price, but don't count on holding onto it for too long.

I bought two of these one for each of my kids and they have turned out great! Now don't expect all the bells and whistles an Android or iphone offers (duh), but if your looking for a good quality phone with pretty good coverage and touchscreen capabilities and don't really want to spend an arm and a leg to get one, this phone is for you. Both my kids are really happy with their phones, I would highly recommend. I gave it only 4 stars because one even with the triple minutes for life my kids (or should I say my daughter) goes through them like water and two, when I bought these for them back in Nov-Dec 2012 I paid 40-50 dollars each and now they are $17.99! Really you cannot beat this deal.

Purchased the phone for my wife. I have one, and she liked mine, so when she needed a new one I naturally got one she liked. We don't use phones that much. So we don't need a lot of features. I have had mine for about a year or more, and had no major problems.So if you don't require a lot of features, such as the 3 or 4G, this is a good phone.

I bought this b/c I needed a phone when out & about especially with my 5 year old but I didn't want a contract nor did I want to spend $40-$50 a month when I don't talk that much but need a phone just in case I have to make calls. It has worked out well especially since its a triple minute phone. I load up a 200 minute card (that gives me 600 minutes) and have enough minutes and texts for a couple months. My bf has an unlimited phone he uses for business if I need to make a long phone call but this is just right for me. We have enjoyed saving money this way. Appreciate this seller and the great deal.

I got this for my dad for Father's Day, he loves it and after purchasing a mini sd card for it uses it all the time to listen to music. He really likes the touchscreen and all that it comes with. all-in-all great phone for anybody who likes touchscreens

Seems to work excellently and simply--lots of easy-to-work features--great camera for such a cheap phone-email and texting is easy. I can recommend

This is a great deal as far as minutes go: $200/(1500 minute card * 3)=4.4 cents a minute. However, the phone is a pain in the neck, even compared to outdated mid-2000s phones:When you make or take a call, the screen immediately locks. For example, if you are at an automated switchboard and need to press a number, you must press and hold the unlock icon or press the gray button on top, then hit 'Dialpad', then hit the number. This takes a few seconds and you can't turn the 'feature' off, so if the switchboard times out before you hit the button you're SOL. Also, you have to go through the unlock process every time you have to hit another digit later on. It would be easier if it wouldn't lock and you spaced the phone away from your cheek but you can't turn off the auto-lock.To access voicemail, you have to go into dialpad mode and hold "1." No clear sign of an icon which can be simply tapped.Turning on vibrate mode is unnecessarily complex. Unlike with Motorola phones, vibrate mode is not always part of the volume spectrum. Instead, you must load a 'profile' which provides vibrate.The phone will occasionally crash which will require power-cycling to fix.When fully charged, a message will show up the phone's screen suggesting it be unplugged to conserve power. Skeptical, I left it plugged-in and measured its power draw with a wattage meter. It didn't even register as 1 watt, less than a night-light, so the power conservation idea is quite moot. Even if left plugged in for a year, I can't see more than a cent or two wasted in electricity- probably less than that. Not worth the trouble.The manual which comes with it is not complete which means you will likely be searching the net to figure things out. The model number is not easily found on the phone and it is not easy to remember so it may be a good idea to write it down.

Love the phone..easy to use.Keyboard can  be used by my clumsy big fingers.love the extra minutes also..and the size is just right!.

The touchscreen feature is a significant upgrade over earlier low-end LG products, as it eliminates the problems associated with utilizing a tiny keyboard. Moreover, the touchscreen solves another annoying problem with the tiny keyboard - the periodic inadvertent dialing of numbers and/or activation of the phone's web browser. Because of a touch/hold feature for activating the phone, I have thus far experienced neither of these problems. In addition, the large touchscreen keyboard makes inputting contact contact and other information significantly easier than in previous LG models. As an added bonus, the battery charge appears to last significantly longer than with my last LG phone.One final observation. Based on online comments, tracfone has acquired a reputation for poor telephone support service. The tracfone reps with whom I spoke in connection with the transfer of my airtime and minutes were uniformly polite and responsive.

have had this phone for a year and i still works good but browser is slow and touchscreen takes getting use to great deal for the money will wait on the new android phones they are only a little bigger in size

I wanted a basic cell phone for calls and text and this works very well for these needs.  Triple minutes is great so my cost per minute is way below the competition.  Coverage is usually pretty good, much better than the other major pay as you go provider.  This phone is very slippery so order the 2 dollar cover to go with it.I don't use the camera and I have not connected to the internet.This is my second one, they do not go through the laundry very well at all.  No problem transferring minutes to the new phone, did it in one phone call.

Phone is great.  But one thing the on and off  button is very hard to fine.The on line works good.

great phone, and a must buy. When i activated it i got a FREE YEAR of service. Totaly worth 10$

LOVE this new phone. I had one and bought another for my grandson. Triple minutes, how can you beat that? Phone is easy to navigate also.

This is a great phone HOWEVER the 4G memory card that was suggested, DID NOT WORK in the 3 phones I tried. I ended up trying a 2G memory card, and that did the trick.

Its an okay phone for a kids and he loves it. He loves to download music and texting his friends.

I bought this phone to replace the one that I destroyed in the laundry.  It was a great price but the included sim card couldn't be activated in my area.  It took hours on the phone and a new sim card to be mailed to me to activate it

I loved this phone. It has been one of the best products that I have ordered. Someone else loved it too. They stole it but I am immediately ordering another one!

Ordered this phone from Amazon not only because of the size and reception area butalso the great price for the features.  I read all 191 reviews before ordering my phoneand thought they were so interesting I wound up making myself a manual from thesuggestions offered in the list. And it has come in quite handy. I just copied and pasted info which sounded like it might come in handy into notepad.  After that I sorted out my notes by subject so it would be easy to locate the info I was after and printed it out.  Although it is nice to be able to look things up on the computer, it actually has been good to have the research done and be able to read it from my own private manual & take advantage of all the capabilities of this diversified little phone.Also thought these reviews were a great advertisement for Tracfone which is probablythe main reason Tracfone allows Amazon to sell it for less than Tracfone does themselves.  Happy to with the 4GB mico memory card, data cable & screen covers I ordered from Amazon at the same time and the price was still less than the phone alone from Tracfone.  You get the same great service either way.Just remember to take it out of your pocket before putting your clothes in the washer.  A note such as 'locate phone' may be beneficial on your washer.  Had to order another a month later but it works great too.  Have not tried much with the browser yet but am quite content with my laptop & GPS for those purposes. Sign me 'Happy Customer'

I haven't seen the product.  But my son was able to call me from the Airport.  so it seems to be working fine.

Got this phone for my 12 yr old grandson. He loves it. As I don't get to use it, I can only tell you that he can't stop telling me how good it is.

I've had the phone for I believe a couple of weeks now and I have to say I'm satisfied with it. I dont really have any complaints. The only thing that annoyed me a bit was that there are silicone cases included with the phone  ( THE cases are very nice!!)  But I wish this was put in the description because I went a bought another silicone case from another vender and their's was horrible..( didnt fit was flimsy and see through)!! I feel like I wasted $5 bucks on that case when Of COURSE I wouldnt have bought It if I had known this comes with a pink and black one of better quality. That being said It doesnt reflect on the phone. Of course it's not an Iphone but It's a decent phone in it's own and an upgrade for me...Also I'd like to note that this DOES come with a charger. It not very clear from the decription so I almost wasted money on buying one of those aswell.. but at the very end of the description It says it.

I had this phone for about 3 months and finally gave up and reactivated my old Tracfone. The screen was impossible to use. I calibrated it countless times but it still didn't work right.

THERE IS A GREAT VALUE WHENEVER YOU PLACE AN ORDER THROUGH AMIZON! I WAS IMPRESSED BY THE SPEED OF DILIVERY AND HIGH QUALITY OF THE PRODUCT!

Love the phone :) I think I made the right decision. But no sure how the triple minutes thing works.

glad i didnt pay full price for this phone.  not so easy to use and have trouble with center button to open

As many other reviewers have stated, this phone locks up in the middle of trying to retrieve voice messages.  I often lose the call and have to start over.  A second problem for me has been the unresponsive and innacurate touch feature on the screen, so trying to unlock the phone is especially hard.  It is the worst Tracfone I have had, and the worst of any cell phone ever.  This locking feature is a major problem and they still try to sell the phone.

The phone is great use it for talking. The min roll over. I say if your looking for a phone to talk this is a good one at a good price.

I really like my tracfone.  I've had it for almost a year now, and it's been a very dependable little phone.  The touch screen isn't the best, as it's not always accurate, and the response rate is sometimes a little slow (definitely slower now than it was when I first bought it), but the price is wonderful.  I don't text or call too often, so this is definitely the cheapest way to go, and with triple minutes, who can argue?

Very easy to learn to use. Triple minutes for life!!! WOW!!  4 bars all the time, even out in the country. Camera not very good color so if you are looking for a camera then get one. This a phone only deal. A $36.00 camera, get real. Excellent phone for seniors and non techys who use it occasionally. And as for Amazon, the first phone had a defective sim. I had a replacement from Amazon in 3 days. Now that's good service!

i DON'T USE MY PHONE FOR INTERNET ANYWAY FOR 22 $ IT'S A VERY GOOD PHONE THE KEYPAD & BOARD ARE LARGE RECEPTION IS GOOD MP3 W HEADPHONES SOUNDS VERY GOOD CAMERA IS GOOD BATTERY LIFE IS GOOD SCREEN IS LARGE ENOUGH I WOULD BUY IT AGAIN IF NEEDED .I PAID 28 $ in DEC 2012 .

This is a great phone at a great price!  If you are wanting a &#34;smart phone&#34; this is a good trainer!

I bought this phone, and in the ad it said that it would work with Straight Talk who I have been with for over 4 years now.  I bought it shipping was ok got here in 8-9 days.  I had a blackberry and was upgrading phones.  Opened it up, pulled out the red activation card, went online to switch phones it wouldnt work, so I called Customer Service, and they couldnt get it to work either!  Said I would have to buy a new phone, except the new one would have to be a Straight Talk product.  Seller lied, and I am now trying to sell this one on craigslist just 2 get my money back and break even!

I have owned several Tracfones and a traditional smart phone. I ditched my true cell to save money, but still needed to be connected while away from home. The biggest feature I wanted was to be able to text (no - not while driving :)  Found this on the Tracfone website, but got a better deal on Amazon. The touch screen is OK - sometimes too sensitive and other times not enough. Had trouble with a few features: turned phone ringer off and couldn't figure out how to turn back on. Be sure you memorize your voice mail password - couldn't remember mine and hadn't written it down so it was 3 days before I figured it out. Haven't tried the internet options - takes too long to get a good connection. Overall it serves the basic purpose of phone with voice mail & texting options without too much trouble.

Calling this phone "smart" is like calling your dog smart. So he knows how to sit, shake, roll over, speak, but compared to a human being...pretty stupid. Sorry dog lovers. So calling this phone, "smart", compared to real smartphones is very generous.It has a touchscreen. A touchscreen? More like a, jab-real-hard-with-your-finger screen. Didn't jab hard enough? No response. But for some reason, it always connects to the internet while in my pocket which, of course, deducts time. And saying it connects to the internet is also being very generous.Texting? Nearly impossible. At least not anywhere near as fast as you could do it on practically any other phone ever made. Remember that, jab-real-hard-with-your-finger screen? Well, half the time I didn't jab hard enough so the letter wasn't registered. I ended up with texts like, "H mom. Ho ar ou. Hop yo re wel. I am fin". I'm all for using text abbreviations. You know like, lol and wtf, but not ones that you need an Enigma code book to figure out!Enigma: The Battle for the CodeHere's another fun adventure. Try retrieving your voice mail and turning on the speaker before the screen locks on you. Or entering your password before the screen locks on you. Or locking your phone before the screen locks on you! The screen locks after .0000000000139 seconds of inactivity. I timed it. lolLet me get to the point. I HATE THIS PHONE. I paid $99 for it on HSN and got triple minutes for life, 1400 minutes and a crappy rubber case that keeps coming off. After a few months, I finally had enough of this "smartphone" proving to me how stupid I was to buy it. I bought a new phone from Tracfone, a Samsung S390GSamsung S390G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone), and transferred my number and remaining minutes to it. I love the new phone with a hard keypad.I want to be clear, I love Tracfone. I've tried others and have always ended up spending a fortune considering my needs. Tracfone is the best value of all the prepaid services as long as you purchase the right phone. The LG800 is not that phone! If you want it because it's a smartphone, be sure to check its IQ first.

It get three star due to the fact it can not keep a signal. Other than that it is a decent phone for the price that is issue are to be expected.

lg 800gIt;s a piece of junk and it eats minutes every time you look at it.  It won't even let you set up voicemail.

This product is very slow to the touch even though you can calibrate it. The screen is quite small, but adequate.

i got my LG 800G last night and i am over all pleased with it. This phone has good graphics and nice features. the camera is great also. But there are some complaints. the keyboard is confusing. you have to go thru like six steps just to get the keyboard to a qwerty style. the touch screen os good except for when you are typing. my stylus pen is coming soon so i hope that will help

It locks up when you are talking, it has lousy reception,it can be so sensitive you are constantly ending a option it is a piece ofS

Surprisingly easy to use.  Touch screen is the way to go.  If you're shopping for a new cell phone that is economical, this is it.

If you are the type to make and recieve calls, and maybe send/ receive a text once in awhile, not bad of a phone. I bought it with triple minutes - real nice. Some features I don't like and wish it had other features but, overall it's a nice phone.I wish and hope they come with a new generation phone of the same but in droid. Again, excellent service from Amazon when I purchased this phone.

I bought this phone for a gift and the person loves it. He likes the screen which is easy to use. The numbers are big and he can dial without a problem. It is slim and fits nice in the case I got him too.

After several months with this phone I'm still quite happy with it. If you want a phone that can handle the internet then look elsewhere; I wasn't planning to use my phone for that much anyway because of the way it eats up minutes. For calling and texting and taking a few pictures, this is a good cheap phone.

The gist: I'm a college student.  Cheap is good.  Texting is how I communicate.  This phone is $20 and has triple minutes.  'Nuff said.The details:  My former tracfone also cost $20 when I bought it almost two years ago.  Flip phone, standard keypad, took forever to turn on, and overall looked clunky.  Image matters, and I looked into getting a new phone.  Image matters, but so does fiscal wisdom.  I wasn't ready to pay what some phones cost, and my current phone was so cheap to use ($20 every 90 days).  Then I saw the lg800g.  $20.  Triple minutes for life.  I can now text three times as much on the same budget.  The phone looks good, like a mini iPhone.  Don't look at the silly cartoons on the homepage that it shows in the product picture.  You can change it to a black background with icons.Other reviews have mentioned the flimsy back.  I haven't noticed any problems yet, but the protective silicon cover is $3.79 as of 19 Feb 2013.

We have three of these Tracfones in our household.  These were the perfect first touch screen phone for our kids.

This product was a great buy, it's durable and strong!!I recommend it to anyone who wants one! Clear talk

I have to walk up the street to get a signal (a real pain in the neck) , otherwise the phone works just fine.

nice phone with a nice price  ..triple minutes is great..same phone at Walmart for double the price and only double minutes

Very nice, works well. Very reasonable cost. I wish I would check it out more as I have not used even a portion of it's features.

This a great phone for those of us that have hung on to our POCPs (Plain Old Cell Phone), even as technology rushes by us.  This phone has features that are present in the Androids, iPhones, etc. but in a simplified format.  At this time Tracfone doesn't have a data plan so that you can't really access the internet like more sophisticated phones.  I have my PC for internet access which works fine for me.  I really don't think right now that I would use that feature much, if at all.  The phone is so inexpensive though that if I only keep it for a year or so before upgrading to a more sophisticated Smartphone I will have got my money's worth.

It works, and i like it.Like the many features, like MP3 player, camera, video, etc.Problems I have had with it.1) The contact list is meant to be done by groups. But a bug, cause the groups to all fall under one heading. My work around was just to do the contact list like on all the old phones. By having the entire store list under S-, and the Family under F-, etc.2) The phone reception with tracfone I had problems..... I had to contact tracfone, and get a new sim card.  If the SIM Card ends with T then your on the T-Moble cell tower network. If the SIM Cards ends with C then your on the Centrytell/AT&T; network.The phone came with a T sim card. The C sim Card work in my area.Long store short. It has all the features I want, and works now.PS: If in dought, look at both T-Moble web sit & AT&T; web sit. Look at there coverage maps. See which coverage map your going to be needing the phone in.

Half of the time you have a network yet it tells you no service, most texts won't go through. I have this exact phone with a different cell #, same provider,  and it works FINE. Wherever they got these from must have been defective.

The lg800g cellphone has many features that make it a very versatile phone. All of the calling features it has are pretty much standard. Especially handy are the photo and music features. It takes and stores scores of mediocre quality photos and videos. It also gives you the ability to easily download them to and from your PC with a USB->miniUSB cable and a mini 4gb or 8gb SD memory card (not supplied). It's also a useful MP3 player. You can download scores of songs from your PC and play them from the phone or hookup to your favorite MP3 compatible player/car radio. The bluetooth option is available too. It has a head phone jack, so you can take your music on the go. It records "live" if you want to save a memo. Amazingly, it gets the internet, although with this early version it's rather slow and sucks up your minutes. It comes with a default browser and email, but you can save any faster browser capable of "mobile internet" in order to complete the connection, but for me I will only use the web for email in an emergency, and leave all other internet business to my home desktop PC. The battery power lasts a long time and recharges quickly. It's small size fits in any pocket. It's speaker sound is impressive. Overall, this phone does exactly what I bought it for, and is not a high end "smart phone". It's inexpensive, because you decide how many minutes to buy, with no contracts to tie you up.

triple minutes is a huge ++++ and the current firmware is a great addition to the phone as well...make sure to update

My micro sd card was a little hard to install as the directions were not quite clear on that but I got it. Entering text when not on the full keyboard is a bit problematic but you can switch to handwriting which works way better. So, for entering items such as your contacts, it is easier to use the handwriting feature. The Camera, Video Camera, Sound Recorder, etc. all work just fine. The internet is a bit slow but I have had phones similar to this before and that is to be expected. The phone is a bit slippery you may want a case/cover for it. I did not buy a case yet but I try to be careful because I know how slippery it is. The phone is also pretty small but yet big enough to see your pics and vids clearly. I have also tried the music feature and uploaded a few of my albums to the sd card. Sound quality is good and you can call up a single album and play it . The phone goes to sleep very fast for power saving, but if you are going to be using it for a while you can simply turn off the power saving while you do your thing and then turn it back on. Over all this is a very good phone with a ton of features for the money. I am pleased with my purchase.

As soon as I switched from my older simpler cell phone to the LG800G, I had serious problems with connections.  It simply couldn't deal with the weaker signals in my house.  People call me and it rings, but they usually can't hear me.  The touch screen can activate the phone when you carry it in your pocket.  Battery goes from 2/3 full to empty without warning.  The touch screen is very hard to use - you push one number and it records another.  Sometimes takes six tries to get one digit correct.  I'm thinking about just junking this unit and starting over with a simpler unit.  Avoid touch screens!

Bought for my 10 year old. Great deal on saving minutes but touch screen pain, hard to navigate and operate, not easy to set up. Texting particulary not easy on this phone.

I like the phone for the most part. The only part I don't like is the reception. I got one of the boosters for both of my phones and I still can't use either at my house. I also have a LG600 and it has no reception at my house either. Other people I know have phones and at least get one bar but I get none. The rest is great, I love it.

I don't really use a cell much myself, but my wife does, so I purchased this model for her. She's extremely happy with it. Nice looking user friendly interface with many of the classic Tracfone command(s) keys and features carried over for easy acclimation. I highly recommend it for Tracfone users ( triple minutes for life too ) !i also want to highly recommend the seller - shopcelldeals - http://www.amazon.com/gp/aag/main?ie=UTF8&asin;=&isAmazonFulfilled;=0&isCBA;=&marketplaceID;=ATVPDKIKX0DER&orderID;=110-3097393-6200235&seller;=AUEOHHAEXZDCI  Fast delivery and they threw in 2 free protective skins for the phone as well !

6 weeks ago I bought this Phone though I saw enough critical reviews to be worried. Maybe I just got lucky, but this Phone has worked fine for me and is easy to understand. I did not even realize it had MP3 capabilities and recently I loaded all my favorite music into my Phone. So now I have an affordable phone that doubles as an MP3 player. This is a great phone and I am so happy I bought it and would advise others to do the same!

The phone is okay buy my mom is saying that she is not getting her TRIPLE minutes what gives tracfone.  This phone did no get my mom's stamp of approval.

I wasn't expecting much but I got a lot more than I thought I was going to get.  Took a little time to get used to it, but it does everything I wanted it to do.  I am not much of a user other than to call and text and this phone does this just fine.  I would recommend this phone for people who just want calling and texting.

Hard to use and not worth anything.. bad phone made like a toy and hard to use. maybe it's me?

How this phone works or doesn't work is not the seller's fault.  But, by far, this has got to be one of the worst possible phone I could have ever bought.  It is clumsy and difficult to use.  Do not waste your own money, I surely wasted mine.

Very satisfied with my phone. I didn't need one of those smart phones, just something to text and make calls.

I got this phone a little over a year ago.  The ring is very short and hard to hear.  I kept missing my calls because I could not grab my phone fast enough to answer it, if I was lucky to hear it (with the volume at its highest).  It quickly goes into safe mode while you are trying to dial or find something in it.  It is a phone hard to work with.

TRIPLE minutes are great, always have had service on both phones we love the phones

LEARNING ALL THE NEW FEATURES IS FUN  AND NOW I CAN KEEP UP WITH MY GRANDKIDSTRACFONE OFFERS GOOD SERVICE AT A GREAT PRICE

I order it for my son he loves it because it has a touch screen. I didn't want to get him an expensive phone because he is careless. I thought this might be perfect for him and it sure is. Great phone!

Great Kid Phone. This is just my opinion and I'm writing this because in order to leave a review I must have a certain amount of words in my review. Really!!!  AYFKM. Jusy Saying.

I could not have chosen a better one than this, so easy to use and I don't have to try hitting the right keys like with my old phone the touch screen is great even lets you do tests to see how light or heavy your finger is, easy to find what you need and my child doesn't complain anymore that it takes me to long to text her back

Wanted to get the most &#34;bang for the buck&#34;, took a chance on this phone, and am not disappointed. Takes a bit of getting used to the touch screen (My 1st touch screen phone), not a big fan of the camera shutter function (though it does take decent quality photos IF you can hold it still while pressing the button), I like the note pad and some of the other functions, looked to see what apps are available and different ring tones (probably NOT going to use apps or go on-line with this phone) and didn't see much in the way of selection. This is not a 'smart phone', but has some of the functionalities of one for 1/10th the cost. Would definately suggest the 4GB MicroSD card and a good screen protector/protective case because phone is small and a little difficult to hold in larger hands.Over all, for the money and given the triple minutes, it would be hard to beat this phones value for it's functionality.

I had to purchase this phone to replace my other Tracfone that I placed on my tailgate to get something out of the back of my Truck. Well, when I pulled out of my driveway the phone fell off and got hit by an 18 Wheeler going the other direction. (If I only had a brain).Anyway, the phone came quickly and was new (Still in original packaging). I tried to activate it and transfer my minutes from my old phone on-line. I couldn't do it because they make you get a number off of the old phone to continue. (Phone was a pancake and I could not do that. LOL). I called Tracfone and after about 17 minutes, the conversion was initiated. I had to wait for about an hour and a half for the minutes to download and for the phone to activate. No real issues. Works just as well as the old one. (Before my old one was miniaturized).Hope this helps.

I was amazed at all of the features crammed into this phone.  No, it isn't a smart phone, but it has many of the features found on phones that cost much more. It is pleasing to look at, compact, performs well.  The interface is easy to use once you learn how to use it.  The instructions included fail to provide everything that you need to know about phone operation and it will probably be necessary to download an LG owners manual or go to the Tracfone site to see an explanation of how all of it's features and settings work. But other than that, I am still amazed at how well this phone works. If you want the look and most of the features of a smart phone at a fraction of the price, this phone will not disappoint.  The triple minutes features is also a big plus.

Not crazy about it, texting is hard, letters are. To close ,built cheap,hard to figure out,touch doesn't work a lot of the time

This was half the price of the competitors so that makes it worth it right there. The screen isn't the best but, works pretty well for the price. I like that you get double minutes with this phone and that it has decent battery life. I also like that you can put music and take pictures on this phone by adding a micro sd card.

I am going to replace mine with a different phone.The LG800G would be an awesome phone if it didn't constantly freeze up.I just am so very frustrated dealing with that.

If you'll notice, most of the reviews talk about the keyboard, the texting, the internet, the features, the looks-like-a-smart-phone, etc. But few reviewers actually mention the main reason for this item's existence: how is it as a PHONE? I need a phone. I had an old flip Motorola. Unfortunately, Tracfone doesn't offer Motorolas anymore in my area, so I went with this, after reading the good reviews. Reviewers were right about one thing: it's spiffy looking, has lots of features and settings. But it is lousy as a phone. The voices are garbled or cut out horribly, whether incoming, outgoing, or even the voicemail automated message. Reception is bad. And despite being set to NEVER lock, it locks even while I'm listening to a voicemail, so I can't hit "7" to delete....I have to first unlock for a couple of seconds, then try to hit "7" before the automated voicemail instructional message ends. Or I have to start over.The volume is also disappointingly low (the ringer). You don't want to set it loud all the time, but sometimes there's a need for that.I left a message on my home voicemail system from this new phone. When I listened to it, the volume of my voice was somewhat low (my voice is anything but low), and the words weren't clear.This phone doesn't hold a candle to my old Motorola flip phone. So I'm going to ask Tracfone to transfer my time back to my old Motorola, and return this phone.UPDATE 9/24/12: I kept the phone longer and gave it a good chance at working properly.  I did a "master reset," as suggested by another reviewer.  I then called Tracfone, who sent some magic waves to the phone and determined it's working properly (even though it's not).  They kept wanting to do a test call to test the volume, despite my telling them that volume has no effect on the reception, which is my complaint.  In other words, they would not replace the sim card, which was what another reviewer/poster suggested, since that had solved his issue.  So I will have to get a new phone.  The reception and call quality on this one is horrible. Even when I call the voicemail ON the phone itself, it cuts out horribly. I can hear every other word of the voicemail instructions sometimes, and sometimes it goes completely silent. And what is it with the locking feature? Even though auto locking is turned off, it auto locks whenever a new call comes in. So you have to first unlock the phone in order to answer it, which means you miss the short time to answer the phone (you have to press the lock button for several seconds to unlock it). It's a cute little phone, but the first and most important thing a phone should do is have good call quality and reception. It is a PHONE.  I'm so disappointed in LG and Tracfone. I can't really afford to start all over with a new phone and maybe carrier. But I have to.UPDATE OCT. 2012:  Tracfone surprised me with a new (refurbished) LG800g.  It works better. The sound isn't garbled, and the reception is better. I now know that the prior phone must've been defective. It still locks when an incoming call comes in, which is weird. Another poster mentioned that. So either the ph is supposed to do that (which means everyone's does that), or this is a common defect. Another poster said to hit the green "send" button when call comes in. I did that on the original phone, but it didn't work...because the phone was locked, of course.  I haven't tried it on the new phone yet.  Anyway, I'm still not crazy about this phone because of hte sound quality, although this phone's sound and reception is better.

DON'T even try it, save the hastle of sending each item back seperately, the memory card, the cord, the case.

This phone was great for my 11 yr old as we didn't want to add him to our phone plan yet! It has some high tech features for him too such as anMP3 player and games! I would even use this phone as a basic phone.

It had less options than expected.  It is good enough for my 13 year old, because I don't want her to have a lot of options anyway.

I gave this to my brother to use when he was visiting the US. Refilled on the Tracfone website for $20 and got triple mins automatically. He traveled all over the country and had excellent reception and service everywhere. Perfect for short term use!

You can read all the other reviews about the features or lack of. The phone does switch quickly to touchscreen lock mode, but it's not a huge deal. I had a Verizon Droid X, and this certainly does not have the flexibility or camera quality, but it has decent reception and it is practically free. You may have to call Tracfone to get another (free) SIM card if you are porting in an old number.My first LG800G was thrown 50 feet by a snowblower, so I ordered another from Amazon. Found the old one in the Spring. The old phone booted, but the screen was no good. The 4gB memory card with family photos and videos worked just fine, though. I velcro my license and two credit cards to the back of the phone. Perfect fit, and I don't have to carry a wallet.

Good phone for anyone who is looking for something affordable that still has a few extras like MP3 player. My only complaint after having the phone for over 2 years has been the touch screen can be a pain sometimes but I think that is the case with any touch screen item. With the triple minutes bonus this phone was a great buy. Would recommend

Awesome phone for the price!  My husband and I both ordered a Tracfone LG 800G, and both of us are very pleased.  The phone has a lot of features and is very user friendly.  I activated my phone by calling Tracfone, but I activated my husband's phone on Tracfone's web site.  Great customer service!  We can talk, text, email, take pictures, or listen to music.  The camera doesn't have a flash, but we knew that from reading other reviews before buying.  In spite of not having a flash, we were both able to take pictures indoors in bright light.  The phone also comes with an MP3 player, but we have not used that feature yet.  For under $40 and no yearly contract, we have great phones with triple minutes.  Now you can't beat that!

I love this phone.  It's not an iphone or a droid . . . but if you don't want to pay hundreds for a phone and then keep on shelling out the cash for a contract, this is a great option.  I don't use a cell phone much, so a prepaid phone makes sense for me.  Problem was, with previous phones I used the phones so little that I would end up having my minutes expire, the battery drain, forget what I did with it, etc., so that those times I needed it I couldn't use it.  But this phone has enough interesting features to make me want to keep it with me all the time with the battery charged.  And the home screen lets me know when minutes are going to expire.  The camera is a "phone camera" so it's not fabulous, but it's good enough to capture a memory or document something for future reference - it's much better than I expected in a phone of this price.  The MP3 player has good sound.  It has an equalizer - though not a very sophisticated one.  The notepad app lets you input with handwriting (hasn't worked well for me) with a virtual phone keypad, or a virtual keyboard.  The screen is just large enough for me to use the virtual keyboard effectively.  You can add other J2ME apps to it as well - there's nothing close to the number of apps available on a droid or an iphone, but there are a significant number of them out there.  I was able to connect to my computer with a microUSB cable (not supplied with the phone, btw) and with bluetooth without trouble.  The touchscreen is fairly bright, has good contrast, and is quite responsive to my finger or, for more precision, my fingernail.  The phone's sound quality is pretty good.  Sometimes a bit slow to wake up when the screen has been locked for a long time. There are comments about the battery cover coming off - it does seem a little easy to bump it off, but not horrible.  I bought a cheap gel skin for a few bucks and that solves the problem.  Triple minutes are nice.  Works with a 4Gig memory card - developer web site says it can do up to 8, but I got the impression from other reviews that 4 was the limit.  I haven't tried browsing the web with it - I'm not willing to spend minutes surfing, and I uploaded most apps to it from my computer. But I did download one app through the cell line and it was quite fast.  Very glad that I bought this phone.  Now my wife and kids all want one.

I've only had this phone for a few days, but so far, so good.  I bought it mainly for the bluetooth capability in hopes it would work with the SYNC system in my new Ford, and it does.  It was not hard to set up once I sat back and actually followed the directions.It seems a little slow on the internet, but this is my first experience with an internet-capable phone, and that might be normal.

I like this phone. It's small enough to fit in a pocket. Has enough features. I lost my first one so I bought another. Then I found the first one (of course) but didn't cancel the order, so now I have a spare! My kind of phone insurance...

BUT love the touch screen, since we lose ours &#8230;. and don't want to bother with huge monthly phone bills -- ( cellular) --- this has it all!

Hate this phone. My smartphone broke and had to use my daughter's tracfone. This thing is impossible to text on. Wanna pull my hair out!! I have small fingers and couldn't get the correct characters to type. I realize its not my galaxy but geez...my older keyboard phones were better. Worse yet, there is often a delay when texts are received. I told my girls to call rather than text..text is unreliable. That eats up their minutes quickly though :( Otherwise..it's a cheap nice looking phone for kids for emergency use. I don't leave reviews often but I honestly want to throw this phone out the window when trying to text.

This is a great quality phone for the money. Easy to use. Has good icon availability. I recommend it for a first-time touch screen user.

I purchased this phone when it first came out and used it for several months with good results for a GSM phone (my area really is better with CDMA).  I found the phone reliable with relatively good reception and it looks really nice.  But after using it for several months I decided to replace it for several reasons.  (1) GSM coverage is no where as good as CDMA when traveling;  (2) The battery life was relavively poor;  (3) I found it difficult to text with this phone and also found I needed a pic to do it accurately.  I replaced it with a LG 501C which I find much easier to use and has much improved battery life and coverage.  I would recommend it except for these cautions and be aware you will need to recharge it every night.

I like the phone just fine, but was disappointed that ALL of my minutes did not transfer to the new one. I lost a lot of minutes and felt mislead by tracfone that all of my minutes would be transferred to the new phone.

Great bargain, perfect phone for the kid.  Better overall reception than the big carriers. Perfect for daily use with the family, highly recommended

I knew this was a cheap no-contract phone with Tracfone's non-existent customer service and it has just been proven today. After 4 months, phone turns off and will only intermittently power on again. Battery is fully charged. Have been on the phone for over 2 hours now with a representative named Oma who could not correctly tell me how the phone worked and whose main function seems to be to argue with me about replacing the phone and then place me on hold for 10 more minutes. I regret the minutes I'm out, but since I paid less than $40.00 for the phone from Amazon, it's cost me about $10.00 a month to use it. Lesson learned.

Well, it's a phone. It at least does what it's supposed to do. Nothing wrong there.Let's start with the hardware. This is probably the lowest point of this phone, the fact that it isn't particularly exiting. Don't get me wrong, it's not made of aluminum or something, it's basically a thin plastic, easily collects scratches and scuffs. On the face of the phone are three physical buttons that are very sensitive. So, from having the phone in your pocket, buttons are pressed and it turns the screen on, which uses some of your battery, but that isn't such an issue because the battery is fantastic. It's called an Eight-Day battery, basically if the phone sits around and is barely used, it can last up to eight days on a single charge, which is pretty impressive. The screen is plastic, it's pretty much a Nintendo DS resistive touchscreen, which wouldn't be a problem if it was at least a good screen, which it isn't. A resistive touchscreen is made of two sheets of plastic with a gap of air in between, so it makes a trigger when those two sheets meet. Sadly, that gap is a bit too deep, so you really need to jam your thumb into the screen to do anything. Well, if you use your thumb, the resistive touchscreen isn't ideal for your thumb, but the 800 G doesn't doesn't come with a stylus or a slot for one, so just have one in your pocket because you'll really need it. The screen on the 800 g reminds me of early touch phones from 2006, one of the worst I've ever used. Just leaving your finger idle on the app screen makes it jerk around, and if you're scrolling through a menu, you try to hit something and it slides around. Dialing a number with the screen is also annoying because you'll be hitting numbers by accident a lot. It's also just so dimwitted and slow in general, you really can't move too fast or else the screen can't keep up with your actions.Now for the software. The 800 G has pretty decent calling quality, no complaints there. The one problem I had is with the internet browser, it's awful! Not only is it slow, but combined with the jerky touchscreen, it is one of the most face-palming mobile web experiences on any phone I have ever used. Even the worst of minute phones have a browser that is functional, this doesn't! Seriously, this isn't a phone for the web. Don't waste your time. For MP3's, this phone loads all songs from a micro SD slot behind the battery. The slot itself is this goofy, sliding, snapping thingy that holds the card, but sadly I never got the phone to read any of my cards, so I can't tell you much about the music part, or extra storage for that matter. Camera isn't too special, bad with lighting, and the video quality is atrocious as well. The screen button on top of the phone doesn't always respond. It can take up to a few seconds for the screen to unlock upon hitting the button once. Also, since the phone is so dimwitted and slow as I mentioned before, you can literally hit the button a bunch of times, and the screen will stay off as it rapidly makes that unlocking clicky sound as many times as you hit the button.I'm sorry if this review is sort of all over the place, but in a nutshell, the screen ruins the phone. If you have a crappy touchscreen on a phone that relies solely on a touchscreen, what you are left with is a phone that literally makes dialing a number or scrolling through contact lists more difficult that what it needs to be. I didn't even mention the texting. Just don't, please!Tracfone Samsung Slider Triple MinutesThis is the Tracfone you would rather have, it's called the Samsung slider, and it has buttons, no touchscreen crap here. It seems to be faster than the 800 g as well. If you're interested in prepaid phones, you might want to give this one a look. As for the 800 g, if you think you would rather have this phone, it'll be a gamble, nothing more than a gamble.

I bought this LG 800g recently and everything was fine....until I found a problem. I can't receive calls from other tracfones. I can call them (family,...who have tracfones),but they can't call me. I have tried everything that I know of to fix it.... like...having my family use the area code plus the number. Does anyone else have this problem? Anyone have a solution?There is a solution.  I called tracfone and they talked me through it.........it just needed tweaking. Now it works fine.

Our elderly friend, close enough to be our great uncle, needed to have a phone but didn't really know how to go about it. Looking on Amazon, I located this LG phone which we know is a good brand from experience with it. This particular phone turned out to be a real bargain. Reduced in price, but not in quality. The icons are large, the font size in contacts and other features is plenty large. Everything about it seems to be perfect for an older person. The Triple Minutes feature was perfect, too. I had a $20 60-minute card from the local grocery and it made the amount become 180 minutes and it's nearly six months in time. Perfect for someone who really needs it mostly for an emergency or when he might be running late to something. Or, if he needs to call the doctor's office. Definitely recommend it for a friend. Has lots of features he may not use, but then, who knows, he may find it fun to play with the camera, which also does video. There's a voice recorder, an alarm, calculator, heck it's got lots of things! Don't remember the description saying, but it does come with a home charger and the instructions are really good, especially when compared to most other electronics you might by on sale. I say: Perfect. Perfect. Perfect.

Shopcelldeals price is lower than Tracfone's web site and  the big box stores. Phones keep getting better regarding call quality and this one sounds as clean as a land line. The triple minutes feature when combined with a One Year/1500 minute card will provide me with 375 minutes a month for $16.67. Wow, a lot better than than any of the smart phones' service that start at $45/month. So I can't watch a movie on this phone, boo hoo. Activation via tracfone's web site was easy and seamless. Consumer reviews are generally love letters or hate letters. In the couple of days wait between receiving this phone after ordering it, I read some reviews on Amazon and some sites devoted to cell phones. There's a lot of doom and gloom out there. Just read the good stuff, this phone is working out fine.

I can't go into detail at the moment because I just purchased the phone but I wanted to mention the 1 thing I did not like about the data chip.  You have to take the battery out of the phone to place the chip in and so every time you want to put it in the adapter to use on the computer you have to take the battery out before you can do so.

it sufferd its purpose till he got another phone. since his was stolen. even though it only worked for a couple of months

I DID NOT LIKE IT, i FELT IT IS NOT USER FRIENDLY AND TOO SENSITIVE. i WOULD VERY MUCH LOVE TO SELL IT AND ALL THE EXTRAS I BOUGHT FOR IT. THIS PHONE IS GREAT FOR SOMEONE THAT IS USED TO TOUCH PHONES.

I was pleased with the product quality for I had just bought one at Wallmart Online for 54.00 $.  Then I found this offer.  What else can you get for that price?  I provide my tenants with it.  Personally I only use the talk function.

I usually don't write reviews, but I am very frustrated with this phone.  I bought it after my LG500G suddenly stopped working and thought this would be an upgrade(especially because of the triple minutes)...I was missing the LG500G immediately when I started using this phone. It is much harder to text on this phone because it's so easy to hit the wrong letter, and the lock screen took a while to get used to.  The only major annoyance I had with the 500G (my old phone) was that it was easy to accidentally go on the web. This one is much more complicated.  However, my biggest issue is problems with texting...I am wondering if I ended up with a "lemon". My house does not always have great reception, but my husband's tracfone LG500G rarely gives him a problem.  Most of the time my texts will not go through unless I hit send when my LG800G is by a certain window in my house...even then, it takes a little while and does not always work.  Since this is not the case with my husband's tracfone it seems to be a phone model issue rather than the tracfone service itself.  I have tolerated this phone, but the last straw that lead me to write this review happened yesterday after hurricane sandy...I know there can be issues with events like this, but no one else I know of can't even text...I have not been able to send or receive texts, my phone says I have voicemail, but wont let me check it.  It says emergency calls only when I try to call out (i have gotten that message on occasion when there was no emergency too). What good is a cell phone when you can't use it in a situation like this...especially when land lines are down! I went to Target today and saw a daughter showing this phone to her mother with the hopes of getting it...this is one situation where I opened my mouth because I would have felt bad if I didn't had she bought the phone with high hopes.  My LG500G did not last all that long, but for $10, I think I'm gonna save myself some frustration, ditch this phone, and buy another.

It's a great little cellphone but it has one huge flaw. The speaker is terrible. It breaks up all the time. The speaker phone is not usable.

I bought this phone for my girlfriend who is not much in touch with high tech devices.  The phone works just fine and is easy to use except for one major flaw that tech support says can not be changed and there is much mention of it on the internet.  The screen constantly goes into sleep mode whenever you try and do something.  This software glitch is extremely frustrating to the point that I will buy her a different phone. If you have fast fingers and do not mind having to unlock the screen constantly while trying to text or call, it should be fine for you.

This phone has a habit of putting itself in a state where you cannot turn it on nor can you turn it off.  It's like it's in perpetual sleep-mode.  I often have to remove and reinsert the battery to get it to "wake up".  This is further frustrated by the cover I purchased for it (which also has to be removed).  While it's in this "coma", you won't receive any calls.  Unless you're watching the phone and fiddling with it, you won't realize it's gone into this state until you try to use it.Furthermore, it has poor reception.  It seems the fancier these phones get, the worse their reception becomes.  This is a trade-off that shouldn't exist.

I love my little lg phone. works real good. the only thing is when typing a message the pad to small but i am getting used to it and works good.l

No wifi.  The net will use up minutes even at a coffee shop.Low-res screen.Clunky GUI with big icons.Terrible camera that seems very insensitive to light and uses an extended (read that: blurry) exposure to compensate.The on screen keyboard is the same old-style phone keypad with 3 or 4 letters per number.  It is not a QWERTY keyboard.  That's idiotic.The character recognition (let's not call this monstrosity handwriting recognition) is slow and inaccurate, even at its fastest setting and using a stylus.The phone takes far too long to turn on.You have to turn on auto sleep mode to prevent the phone dialing into the net on its own while in your pocket.  The auto lock mode, regardless of settings, constantly requires you to hold the screen for 2 or 3 seconds first to do the simplest things.Even with a 4GB card in it and set with EXTERNAL MEMORY as preferred, it still saves everything to the internal memory and requires you to manually transfer anything you do/take to the external memory.On the plus side, Bluetooth and the USB work, though I'm kind of annoyed they used a proprietary mini USB port.Be aware, however, that Tracfone goes out of their way to mislead concerning minutes and bonus time with triple minutes and promotional offers.  Do a proper search of the net first to make sure you know how many minutes you're getting for the price.  With this particular phone, the interface and features are designed specifically to use up your minutes as rapidly as possible by whatever means it can.

You can do almost anything with this phone that you can with the much more expensive ones.  To turn off the screen lock,  go to Settings, then Phone, then power lock, and make the time longer, or turn it off completely with "Never", and when texting, you can get a Qwerty keyboard by touching the icon in the bottom left cornerwhen you have selected Name or the text body. Alternate characters are available with the third "button" from the bottom left corner. I just got my phone yesterday, installed an 8 GB memory card, and am ready to install some appslike the GPS etc. All together, a sturdy feeling, easy to use, excellent little phone, with triple minutes!! and right now, a $10 gift card for Father's Day dinner out. How can you lose?

My kids have been hounding me to get with the times with my outdated LG pink flip phone.  Well, I have arrived with this LG 800G touch phone.  Mom's cool again....

This is a really nice phone, plain and simple; IMO, best you can get for the money without a contract. For starters, the screen is excellent. Deep, rich colors, good viewing angle. Hard to believe you can get a screen this good on such a low cost device. As a touch-screen phone, the dialer is responsive and the call quality is clear as a bell (in my area, anyway). For messaging, you get a very nice landscape mode qwerty virtual keyboard. Tracfone is pretty generous with their messaging allowance: 3 texts = 1 minute deduction. The mp3 player is also very good; I don't have one, so the ability to do double-duty was important to me. It has all the features you'd expect (sort music by artist, album, track, genre, playlists, album art, etc). You need a micro-SD card to load music, as well as a microUSB cable. Before you buy a new cable, try the ones you have. I was able use my Kindle cable, no problem. The phone includes a standard 3.5mm jack (nice), so you can use any earphones you want, from el cheapo to high-end. Using some pretty good-quality headphones, I did detect some background hiss when starting/stopping my mp3's, so if you listen to soft music, or classical, for example, you should keep that in mind. Also, be sure to create a "My Music" folder on the micro-SD and place all your music files there; that's where the MP3 player initially looks for your music. The phone does support "apps", albeit not Apple or Android apps, but rather Java apps. Just search Google; there's plenty out there, just no central "app store". The best way to load apps is with the data cable; download to your computer first, upload to the "Other Files" folder on the micro-SD (that location is important), then just browse to the folder on the phone and select the java ".jar" file. The app will install automatically, after which you can access it from the built-in "Games & Apps" tool. About web-browsing: let me say from the outset that I wouldn't try to use this phone for heavy web browsing--frankly, at 2.5G ("Edge") it's just too slow and the screen is a little too small. But if you get the right browser, it's perfectly competent for light Internet access; I suggest Opera-Mini, which is pretty fast and includes its own virtual keyboard (the built-in browser only offers the T9 keypad; it's basically worthless). Tracfone is a little less generous for web access: 2 minutes of browsing = 1 minute deduction. You can certainly check the headlines, the weather, etc, and get off quickly without using an inordinate amount of your minutes. But I'm at a loss to understand why this phone isn't 3G, which would make browsing--even on the small screen--a whole lot more practical. I upgraded from a 2-year old samsung tracfone (just a basic flip phone) and even it was 3G! Go figure. I won't go into basic operations of the phone or built-in tools; other reviews cover that territory pretty well. I guess my only complaint is that you only get one home page for apps; the second home page is reserved for contacts, which I don't find all that useful. One more thing, the touch-screen is not capacitive like the iPhone, it's resistive, so you need to press it a little to make selections or scroll. It's quite responsive, but does take some getting used to. For scrolling, here's a tip: use your finger nail, not your finger tip. That way, you won't accidently select something. Oh, another tip, the default theme is "cartoon"; for a more grown-up look, select the "black" theme, which kind of looks like an iPhone.

I got this phone so I could receive pictures of my grandchildren. It an easy phone to navigate and you can't beat the price or triple minutes.

A little difficult to use.  Querty keyboard is too small for efficent useabilly,  Camera is difficult can't see the icons on the screen.  Too hard to know what they mean.

It is taking me some time to get used to the new features of this phone.  My previous one did very little and now I just keep trying to  find everything on this one because everything is in a different place.  And it is really only an occasiional usage phone.  But so far I love it.

Got very quick with triple minutes and other nice features,  Camera not as good as expected and battery needs charging very frequently.  Have already recommended to others.

Nice Product. Convenient size. Great deal on minutes. Nice for phone and texting. The keyboard CAN be put intw QWERT mode although it is not straightforward to do so until you find out how to!

LG 800G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)I have NEVER IN MY LIFE been so frustrated with a company!  I have no idea how the phone works because I can't get past the person in the Phillipine Islands that speaks pigeoenglish so pooly I can't begin to make out what they are telling me.  BOTTOM LINE:  I bought 2 phones....one for mom and one for myself....THEY ARE GOING BACK and I am going to go back to a reputable company.TRACFONE REEKS!

I am by no means a cell phone nazi...but...this phone fits my needs to a tee...triple minutes...good hearing...easy texting...etc.  I've read other's reviews talking about the difficultythey have with setting up the music. I do not understand their difficulties, if you have music on your computer..all you need to do is to get a 4g or 8g memory card (preferably with an adapter, that way you do not need cable of any kind (( these can be found on eBay cheap))), download  your tunes and put the memory card underneath the battery. I did this with iTunes with no problem at all and I am an old fart with little tech skills whatsoever. This is a very easy phone to operate and works well.

I've had this phone for about a year now. I'm trying to think of anything good about it but I can't. I bought it for the triple minutes but I'd rather have something that actually works. It freezes quite often. Usually when you're trying to call out. Good thing I never had to call 911 during this time or I wouldn't be writing this. You have to constantly hit the "unlock" button to access the dial-pad. Was just trying to activate my credit card for example. Numerous times I'm depressing the "unlock" key to access the dial-pad. About the only time it stays on is when you put it back in your pocket and find out your online. Of course I never went online to begin with. I never used the "apps" so I can't comment on that. I call this my "dumb" phone. Been known to miss messages and calls. Not a lot but once is too many. I had a flip phone before and except for trying to quickly open it, it worked well.

It's a good, simple touchscreen phone.  Not &#34;smart&#34; but has enough stuff inside for a basic occasional mobile phone user. Texting with the virtual Qwerty keyboard is fair - it's is a little small for big fingers but it works okay. I appreciate the writing recognition option too, especially since I used to have a LG420 with a number keypad. Triple minutes was also a selling point.Other than occasional pocket dial, I like it. And I was able to move the internet browser icon off the main screen so I don't burn up minutes (&#34;units&#34;) with accidental touch of the icon.I did buy additional memory to allow more camera phone picture saves, but I didn't realize just how low 2 MP resolution is.I was pleasantly surprised to see that Tracfone's online support (including tutorials to get familiar with the features) is getting better, even though site navigation still isn't great.

This phone looks like a smart phone, but really can't do much. I've tried to use the web, but it has difficulty even opening Google. When I attempt to play an MP3 file, it can take several minutes just to open up the folder. But the most annoying things about this phone is that it pocket dials extremely easily. The phone unlocks by holding down the screen for a few seconds, and this is very easy to do accidentally when the phone is in your pocket. It's easily to accidentally connect to the web (not that the web actually works on this phone) or to accidentally make a phone call or send a text.

This phone keeps shutting off on it's own, then i have to putz with it to get the power to come back on. I don't use my cell phone a whole lot but it is somewhat of a hassle to always be fighting with the power.

Pros:1.It's cheapest way I could find to have cell phone that does not look like it's from stone age)))You can get 90 days of service for $19.99 and 60 minutes tripled.2.You can make decent pictures with it,but only if you have good light.There is no flash and no zoom.3.You can use it as MP3 player.4.Reception is good,but I am in a major metro area so that may not be true for everyone.Cons:1.These phones are not very smart)))For some reason it does not turn off screen lock even if I change settings to say never lock the screen.It also locks up during every call,so if you are asked to dial something during a call you have to press and hold every time and still it does not go straight to dial pad mode-very frustrating.2.There is a good chance you might get a glitchy phone.I had to return first one because it would just go dead even when fully charged, for no reason.The only way to turn it on again was to take out and reinsert battery.My first phone would also be unusable while charging.However I had no problems returning it free of charge for a full refund.3.Every time I call voicemail it keeps going on and on about new voicemail features for about a minute, it's eating up my minutes and there is no option to skip it.4.I have to pay for incoming calls and text messages, it is same rate as outgoing.Even if you only pick up to say a few quick words,for example "it's a wrong number" you get charged a full minute.

We like the new phone, but it takes time to get used to it. Could not beat the price either.

I purchased this product for my son. At eleven years old, considering, every child should have one these days.It truly is a phone in-a-pinch.

Nice and simple.  Has just enough to feel it's current.  Only a few minor little things I miss -- (can't move the calculator to a better spot on phone)

easy to use so worth the money good backup phone.easy to set up just call company .also good company that this phone is with.

This was bought for my goddaughter and she LOVES it. I love it cause it does a lot for such an inexpensive phone!!!!

The phone came in before its time. It is the best phone I had from tracfone it does alot more than my others. After I got the memory card for it I was able to put my music on it. I like the fact you can give your contacts each a different ring tone and pic.. I would recomend it to anybody who wants a better phone.

Love the phone! Its perfect for my 15yr old.  He is not a phone person, it is not too much or too little. He can call if there is an emergency.

internet is kinda slow & your charged to send & recieve a text but the triple minutes works wonderfully & calls are ok music player is good have trouble using apps though but i got what i paid for

I like the triple minutes. They are things that make you nuts, like it want to lock at the bottom and you cannot get it to stop. Battery life seems OK, recharge about two to three days. I haven't took any pictures or put music on it yet so can't comment on that. Not to bad for the price but I don't use the browser for the internet.

it is the greatest phone i have ever gotten.i recommend it to everyone.hope every one gets one today.

this phone will not text to my sons phone  also a lg800g won't test to lots of different phone don't know if it is phone or tracfone or the phone can't get answers just we can't help you

I am losing my faith in tracfone,my first one was fine and lasted 2 years with no problems.My second one died after 6 weeks and I figured it might just be a bad phone,at this price I thought I would try another of the same model and so far I have been waiting 25 hours for activation ( I was told it could take two business days..why?If this phone ( my third) does not preform,I am afraid I will have to bite the bullet and go with Verizon.

Pros: light weight, bright screen, low cost to maintain service, many free java apps available, mp3 player, camera, nice overall design,Cons: you must buy a micro SD card (4 gig max) and micro U.S.B. cable to run java apps, spam text messages and sales calls Tracfone charges you OUTRAGEOUS! Tracfone charges you to send AND receive text messages, airtime minutes are quite expensive so this is a cheap phone only if you don't use it, some of the game apps cannot be removed and deduct airtime minutes if you accidentally touch them, RIP OFF! lacks customizability, calculator does not have a paper tape option and can't save documents, the installed web browser is virtually useless you need to install Opera mini to use the web, no wifi

The phone is ok, its a little disappointing. I can finally say I have a touch screen phone to my friends, but its still not super. They say you can load apps, BUT YOU CANT!!! Also Its sort of dumb because You cant put a micro SD that's higher than 4 gb wich was bad for me because I went out and bought and 8 gb and couldn't return it so that's $15 dollars I'll never get back. I don't text much, but when I do the keyboard is nice. Now getting to the good stuff, the touch screen is very responsive, I get good sound quality and the overall phone is nice. Just beware: It can't run apps, it doesn't let you set a personalized ringtone, and it doesn't do alot of the stuff it says it should.

I would have gave a Five Star except for the fast screen lock you can't turn off! It makes it very hard to use for phone calls when you need the dial pad. Other than that it's great for what it is. Threw in a 3Gb Micro SD card I had, set it for external Memory, formatted it, and it works fine. Use my Kindle cable, charges and loads Data fine. Transferred my Mp3's to 'MyMusic&#34; folder, and Downloaded ringtones to 'Mysounds', or 'Sounds' (forget), and it plays the Mp3's very nicely, and most of my Ringtones worked except the very long one's. It's great with Triple minutes for life, oh yes Camera is very nice too. I hope they upgrade the Software sometime so you can turn off the super fast screen lock. If they came out with a similar model without the fast screen lock, I would smash this phone into the wall as hard as I could and and get it ;-o

The phone is useless where we live,We called to activate it and were told the SIM card is not compatible with our area.

For my area (NW Montana) this phone is unreliable...constantly dropping calls and connection problems. Thought I got a super deal at $20 for the phone. A phone that isn't dependable is no deal at all. Also on a minor note the camera is terrible!

Never had a tracfone that was so easy to use.  I use it only when I'm meeting someone or being met, so I don't need to spend a lot of money on monthly service.  Can even put in email addresses so I can send pictures!

If you need a basic phone that is just for calls and texts, this is your phone. No contract and triple the minutes when I buy them? You cannot beat that. Easy to use!

I like this phone, but it will lock up on you while you are on the phone. I have a food stamp card and I like to know how much is available on it. In order to find out how much is left on my card, I need to call the phone number on the back of the card, I can dial the number, but after that when I need to select the language that I need to hear (1 for English or 2 for Spanish); the phone is locked and then the computer on the other end of the phone doesn't understand what I am trying to do. It is so frustrating, the only thing that I like about this phone is the camera; it not only has a still camera, but is also has a video camera, other than that it is an acceptable phone. Purchase this phone if you would like, but please be aware of the fact that this phone will lock up on you.

My LG800G cell phone is very good, although it has given me headaches due to lack of instruction manual.  It comes with "Services Guide" and that helps greatly but figuring out detailed problems is a battle.  I have just about won the battle and I like the phone a lot now but it wasn't smooth sailing at first. Amazon delivered it quickly at a very good price.

Looks like a very nice phone. It is compact which is what I wanted. Will know more when it is turned on

I was forced to buy a TracFone because my Apple iPhone 4S was rendered useless due to a defective product made by LifeProof (long story, no time to explain here, but see my review of "LifeProof case" elsewhere here on Amazon.Although this LG phone can't compete with the Apple iPhone, it has been a wonderful back-up for me. The audio is clear, it is easy to use for sending a text message (unlike a neighbors phone that is difficult for sending texts) and the LG800G has worked in a couple of places I didn't think my Apple iPhone had "bars" in.The LG 800G easily fits in my shirt pocket and is unobtrusive. The touch-screen requires just a tad more pressure than my iPhone, but I learned quickly to hold it better and be a little more forceful when pressing icons and the QWERTY screen.It blows me away how long the battery holds a charge. I once left it turned on for nearly a week and left it in my car, forgetting about it... It was still holding enough "juice" to make calls. This feature alone makes it worthy as an emergency phone during prolonged power outages, unlike my iPhone that has to be charged every night.

i recently upgraded my tracfone double minute flip phone to this newer, sleeker styled phone.  it's easier to text on, browse on, and has triple minutes.  a good buy.

This phone is not easy  to use and is very small, so difficult to use the keys.  Qwerty keyboard is only good for texting, not for adding contacts. I would not recommend it.

The phone was touch screen and all I had to do was add extra minutes to it, also enjoyed the camera.

I got this phone for $20 including shipping, and for the cost it works great.  The more the phone is used the better the touching capability.

My grandson needed to have a phone to contact his ride after wrestling practice and to call us since he lives in a different state so to help save money this little gem was the best way to go.  We can call and text without costing a fortune.

This phone is pretty good so far.  It takes pictures too.  When texting, it's easier to use the back of a pen or back of a pencil eraser because the lettering is small.  Unfortunately, when I'm calling someone or receiving calls, sometimes they can't hear me and also the phone seems to cut out every so often.  But so far I'm satisfied with this phone.  :)

only issue it with so called (touch screen) when texting you really have to push on the letters not just touch them. but does the job i need it to do

i chose this because i get good coverage at a cheaper rate. love the convience of having a prepaid account. no more extra spending on cell phone bills.

I have had this phone for 10 days.  It was  annoying that TracFone or their vendor would repeatedly text me to promote their airtime cards.  Yesterday alone, I received three such promotional texts from 360 460 8637.  If you know how,  please let me know how to stop this unwanted solicitation.  Those text messages cost me MY air minutes!!!  It is crazy that they would make customers pay for their spams.I had a hard time setting up voice mail box.  The keypad just wouldn't recognize the password I entered.  I had to call tech support twice.  First time after a 15 minute wait, It took me 30 minutes to follow the agent's trial and error instructions.  After 30 minutes, she had to do a complete reset and I was instructed to wait for 4 hours before turning the phone on to find out if the reset worked.  It didn't.  Made another call.  This time, took the agent 45+ minutes but she was able to fix the problem in that call.  Both times, I used a land line because I knew it would deplete my air minutes like crazy. Even with that, all the testing, try and error, they used up more than 60 air minutes.  The 2nd agent was kind enough to give me 60 minutes back.  Not sure if I got an older model (from LG through Amazon), both agents seemed to have problems figuring out the model I have because they kept on telling me to press (differnt) buttons that my phone didn't have.  The good thing about Tracfone's tech support is both agents were patient and respectful.  Although I wouldn't rate them high in product knowledge or trouble shooting skills but they got gold stars for customer handling skills.I bought a one year 400 minute card from Safeway for $99.  Because LG800G is a triple minute phone,  the 400 minutes tripled to  1200 minutes. Tracfone then double the minutes and duration on top of that.  So I ended up with a total of  2400 minutes expriring in Aug 2014 (2 years).  Had I got the card from Amazon, it would have cost me less ($84.99 plus shipping). Does anyone know if the one year card purchased from Amazon would also  double the minutes and expiration date?LG800G is light and small (than Blackberry for example). The keypad and QWERTY are tiny even for someone with small fingers.  But they work if you use a pen to enter numbers or text. I followed the recommendation from another reviewer to get screen covers and a protector case (Mageta).  They are well worth of the few extra dollars.It holds charge well if you don't use it.  But it loses charge and uses up air minutes quickly if you text, surf the net, make or receive calls.  To preserve the minutes, I use it mainly as an answering machine or making calls only when a land line isn't available.So far this phone is doing everything a no contract, pay-as-you go tracfone should do.  It is perfect for those who are light cell phone users.

i took care of it but it broke in a week and it did not work well there are not a lot of features and realy bad call quality

after having an iphone for 3 years, I knew switching to a tracfone would be hard, but this phone made it easier. especially the price! and triple minutes! couldn't have asked for anything better.

It arived on time- excellent conditioned-I rate this merchandise a 5- recommend this prepaid phone to a friend-is easy to managed-thank you

Phone pretty much does what it is capible of doing!!! Little bit of lag time but works well for the money

Update: I've suffered with this phone's terrible software for about a year now, and last night I snapped. It logged onto the internet from my pocket for the very last time. RIP 800g. Before that it pulled some other fun stunts, like calling up my ex-boss at 2 a.m.! The hardware on this phone is actually pretty good, except maybe the marginal touch screen and reception. But the software is abysmal. Software this bad should be criminal. Did anybody at LG or TF try this horror out at all before they put it up for sale? The built-in browser has no apparent purpose but to connect to the internet from your pocket or purse to drain your minutes. None of the sites I use (gmail, etc.) were functional with it. The Opera Mini browser worked, but took 5 minutes just to get a page of text. Forget about using it on an actual web site. The number of other software problems is far too large to discuss here, but the three biggies are the inadequate protection against doing random expensive or embarrassing crap while in your pocket, the risk of accidentally hanging up on someone while trying to get ringing phone out of said pocket, and equally unforgivable, a touch screen that can't tell the difference between selecting/choosing vs. scrolling. The result for me was a phone so frustrating to use that I smashed it, so it is now downgraded to one star. Now the only question is whether I am so fed up with TracFone that I dump them too, or go back to one of their flip phones.****************************I've used this phone for a couple months now, and have worked around some of the initial problems. Some of the other problems I haven't bothered to look into much, I just curse the phone. So maybe there are solutions. Also I should add that I hate touch screens in general, even on an iPhone or iPad.I bought this phone mostly for the triple minutes, which was nice. I'd hoped for some minimal internet access too, but so far the built-in browser can't even work with gmail. The page is too big, and there's no scroll bar! Online it says to try the Opera mini-browser instead, which I may try sometime.The touch screen for this phone is resistive, not capacitive, which means in this case that it has a plastic cover instead of glass and requires quite a lot of force. I had a hard time writing on it without a stylus (or other pointy plastic object); same goes for the on-screen keyboard.One of the infuriating software glitches that make me want to smash it: at least for me, it interprets my touch as a swipe action whenever possible, instead of a select. For example, I want to click on the name of one of my contacts and tap it. No can do, it scrolls to the next page instead! Trying to click the text window to get the onscreen keyboard to pop up is also an exercise in frustration; in many cases nothing happens, and I can hammer on it all I want with no response. I think this is also a case of a tap (or a hammer blow) being read as a swipe action.If there is a way to take a picture quickly with the phone (not going down through the menus), I haven't found it yet. My flip phone had a button on the side; on this one the subject has long since left the scene by the time I get the camera turned on. Works for sunsets, though.At first it called up all my contacts or started browsing the web by itself every time I put it in my pocket, but after a while I got in the habit of pushing one of the buttons at the bottom every time I finished with it to make sure it was locked. It can be devious - when you call someone the lock screen appears (so your ear doesn't push buttons, I suppose), but this only lasts for the duration of the call, so if you drop it into your pocket etc. right after you hang up, it unlocks and starts merrily dialing and browsing away. I couldn't get rid of the browser icon completely, but it's safer if you swipe the screen with the browser away.One more bad point, and then I'll get to the good points (or maybe point). The reception is significantly worse than on my previous LG flip phone, with the result that I will probably have to get rid of it and reactivate my old phone. I have a usable signal at my house only about half the time. It is definitely a weak signal area, though, and other phones have trouble here too.On the good side, the MP3 player is nice to have. I put in the 4GB microSD card and it works great. Transferring files from the computer is really easy, since the phone pops up (with the $2 cable) as a USB drive. It seems to charge via USB, too. Using the MP3 player seemed to bring out some weird bugs, though. Sometimes the battery would drain to nothing in an hour or two; other times I would have to power the phone down and back up to get it to work again. Once I even had to take the battery out temporarily before it would turn on.Conclusion: Cheap smart phone, super small and fits in pockets, has MP3 player, and triple minutes! But software is marginal, touch screen is hard to use, built-in browser is not usable, and don't expect it to work well in areas with poor cell signal.

This phone was easy to get working, but I had problems with the security codes and still cannot change the codes to my own values.

I really enjoy using this phone for texting. If my fingers don't work fast enough for texting, I use a pencil for typing.  The colors are vibrant and the phone is easy to use.

This was a gift for a family member. She already had tracfone but wanted something a little more advanced. It was great finding this online for so much less than the stores and still having the triple minutes included!

I love this new cell phone because it replaced a Nokia phone that was very old.  I am really enjoying the triple minutes for life that came with it.  The speakerphone part of it is not that good because the person on the other end is always hearing their voices echoed.  However, it is still a very good LG cell phone.

the phone is nice and light, i bought it from tracfone's website however it does not live up to its claims. I live in SWFL and i get No service in my home the one real issue i have with it is that its brand new yet the battery dies fairly quickly the website claims a week of standby time and my reception is like i have a phone from the 90's the touch screen is nice and can be calibrated but the screen is small and its very hard to use the keyboard for text messaging, the one nice thing is triple minutes!! however im going to go back to my old slider phone which also would have triple minutes when buy the phone with triple minutes, the one thing i dont like about this phone is the screen is very prone to getting scratched, i had it in the holster for the whole time but once i left it in my pocket and it got a scratch on the screen, your best bet if you are planning on getting this phone is make sure you have good coverage in your area and have small fingers :)

For the price you won't find a better phone or prepaid package. The LG 800 is a very good prepaid cellphone with a user friendly touch screen.  It has all the features I need, is user friendly, and a great value.The Trac Phone coverage area has never left me down, the clarity of Trac Phone service and of the telephone are first rate.  I have used but Trac Phone service for approximately four years, although the LG 800 was purchased about two months ago. The service I received from Trac Phone to port over my landline was soooooo easy .... like wow  ....  15 minutes after I used the web to port it over I had Trac Phone service.I like to use the hands free or the speaker feature, and that speaker comes through very loud and clear.  If you do purchase this phone make sure you also purchase the additional memory card. Read the reviews submitted for this product, they are all valid.

This is a great little phone.  It arrived in it's original crush proof container and was well packaged.  It'svery easy to operate unlike some of them that I have had.  Was a breeze to go online and transfer my days and minutesto this phone.  It's sharp and clear. It's easy to read and dial.  Nice price for such a great little phone.

Ordered the LG 800G because I needed something other than skype; and yes, I'm one of those old farts who refuses to get locked into a high priced 2-year contract just so I can communicate with folks. 3G, 4G - it means nothing to me - I just a wanted something dependable and durable. So far so good - the 800G was easy to set up and it's easy to use. Phone came with 20mins airtime. This was just enough to make two phone calls (mins go fast, don't they?). Ordered more minutes via the Tracfone website; and for $29.99 (plus a special offer code)I received a total of 380 mins. Phone has all the features you can ask for: touchscreen, texting, picture messaging, web access, camera, mp3 player, trippy ring-tones . . . the triple minutes for life deal is also an added plus. Phone is simple to program, the (my) signal doesn't drop, and the features are a breeze to navigate. Other online sites have the phone listed at $49.99. I purchased the phone, a 4Gig memory card, a protective case, and a USB data cord through Amazon, and all for under 45 bux. Phone is a must have for those looking for a top notch bargain.

The price was good for a gift. Not sure if it works well as sometimes grandchildren are very slow to respond to gifts these days. No complaints though and so i will take that as a good value for my money.

I bought this phone for my 9 years old kid, and I definitely love it. It is a great phone for a kid, the touch screen makes him feel like he has a iPhone (hahaha), and the best was the price. This is a very responsible company, the delivery was on time for his Christmas gift.  Thank you!

the touch screen is not amazing, but its pretty good for the price of this treacfone, I used i for music

Great price with multiple features.  Triple minutes phones locally cost much more.  So far I have not had to recharge battery too frequently.

I purchased this phone because I'm the one Millennial that doesn't really want a &#34;smart phone&#34; and I only need a cell phone for emergencies.  I really like this phone because the battery lasts for a long time and my minutes go much further!  My expiration date isn't until about a year from now.  I have plenty of minutes when I need them (which is rare) and I can send the occasional text or phone call when needed.  It's a very reliable &#34;emergency&#34; phone and the minutes can't be beat.

This phone is okay as cell phones go.  The battery really only lasts about 1-1/2 days, even if the settings are on low usage.  For some reason, you have to unlock the phone to answer a call and to place a call.  This seems like a technical glitch.  However, the problem with this phone is TracFone and their "Technical Support" representatives.  Their strategy appears to be to lie and misrepresent to the customer and to just keep transferring your call until you go away.  If you hold and waste minutes and your time, they will then just disconnect your call and you get to start all over again.  I would recommend the LG 900G over this phone.  I would recommend staying away from Net10 and TracFone, unless you have a lot of time to waste!

Got it from HSN in December. Returned it because of Tracphone's outrageous cost per minute. If you get the maximum minutes bundle with the triple minutes plan, it's still like 10-11 cents a min. Buy the smallest bundle and it's more like 33 cents a min. So at best you pay $6/hr to gab?! At worst, $19.80/hour! Remember the stores charge tax on these cards as do the company when you refill from them.Signal was great in rural Ohio, clear, best I have had of 8 phones. Sorry to send it back, as it was comfortable, not too big or heavy, and battery was good. It didn't run apps for me - and I wasn't into using much internet as it's too little to see. Phone has a sim card, so can't switch to Virgin network, or I'd have kept it.Straight Talk and Tracphone share customer service - generally poorly comprehending Indian reps who create very long, frustrating calls if you deviate from scripted talk. The voice menu lets you choose which phone service you are calling about. However, Tracphone is better than Straight Talk's service, which is why I quit ST. Weigh your cost-to-frustration benefit before buying.

This was a good little phone while it worked. One year later, it won't do anything except  try to restart, over and over .. There was no warning, it just stopped working one day.Will not get past the welcome screen, so there is no getting any photos or numbers off of it.

I WAS SOOOO EXCITED TO GET THIS PHONE. IT LOOKED SO COOL. BUT I CANT GET ON THE INTERNET OR APPS!WHEN I CALL SOMEONE ELSE, SOME WEIRD GUYS NAME SHOWS UP ON THE CALLEES ID. NEED I SAY MORE OR CAN ANYONE TELL ME HOW TO GET APPS/GO ON THE INTERNET W/O IT FAILING!!!!!!!!

I MUST update my review.....IT IS NO LONGER A POSITIVE REVIEW FOR THE LG800Got the FIRST one in Feb. of this year.......it is now NOVEMBER and I have had THREE of these phones; stuff going wrong with each one, too involved to go into here......the customer service?  ok at times, but I found that one of the problems I had's solution was for me to call them back on another phone..I don't HAVE another phone..after going round and round, she finally fixed it anyway!!  SOOOO if you talk to them long enough, they'll do what they can, completely REVERSING the first thing they said!!!Now, with the THIRD one, they could not activate it, as they said I needed a new SIM card......sent by Fedex......when it came, I just looked at it and the directions to install it, and thought.. to hell with all this nonsense. THREE DEFECTIVE PHONES IN NINE MONTHS???????  forgeddabout it!!!AN EVEN LATER UPDATE, 11/21/2012....THIS MORNING, the screen on the LG800 'froze'....this has happened before but 'righted' itself in a few seconds...not this time!!  the battery is now 4 months, and 1 week old, which is when the first battery died..I removed battery & waited a few seconds, put it right back in..NOTHING....THANK GOD I had activated my new Alcatel which I LOVE.....now I have to go to another phone to transfer my old number to the new phone....I have 1/2 a notion to just take a hammer to the damn LG800 and then put it in the dumpster...and I just may do that.ONCE AGAIN PEOPLE if you are considering getting the LG800, BEWARE......as stated before, THREE of these suckers in 9 months, with this and that and the other going wrong with the same model???????  TOO MUCH FOR ME.Only drawback to the Alcatel is tat it's not triple minutes but double minutes......fine with me!!!!  I'll survive!!  lolSO NO MORE LG PHONES FOR ME.......I will probably stay with TracFone, as I like getting the triple minutes....but the LG phone series?  NEVER AGAIN.......So those of you who may have the LG800, I hope you're having better luck with it than I did.........never again........NOW ONTO MY INITIAL REVIEW...........!!!Got tired of paying $70 a month just to use a cordless phone.....tried getting a lower price on just the features I wanted, but the phone company's as bad as the cable companies.....you just cannot pick and choose what you want!!I got my LG800G from Home Shopping Network, at a great price with many extras. and I LOVE the triple minutes for life!!!!!After 6 days, the record function was not working...you would record something, then it would not play back......you could hear it on the 'record files' but that, of course, was not acceptable.......So tech support had me reset the phone - twice - still no luck...so they told me I'd have to send it back and they'd provide a prepaid shipping label.....TracFone customer support is tremendous!!  every time I call I get in less than 5 minutes; I always call before 8 am or after 8 pm....anyway, now I have the 'pleasure' of having to reenter all my phone names, numbers, & email addresses, but I really can't complain........TracFone is a good company to deal with, & I would not hesitate to recommend them for whatever other type and model of cellphone you might want to get..

Love this phone, lots of stuff you can do with this one. Texting is a tad frustrating but you'll get the hang of it soon enough

We loved this phone except that it has a glitch where you cannot turn the autolock off.  It pops up instantly whenever you make a call, making it difficult to deal with voice mail or any voice response unit.  After trying to fix it ourselves for some time, we contacted Tracpone.  I spent HOURS on the phone with them.  Finally they sent us a replacement phone, which has the same glitch.  I tried contacting LG, who refused to even discuss it with me.  Now it is too late to return this one for a full return, so we've basically been ripped off.  Usually I have great luck with Amazon, so this has been a very disappointing experience.

This phone was a great deal.  Even though a Trac Fone, it has fun features that aren't on the basic phone.  You can choose qwerty or traditional text type.  Games aren't that great though. Annd the built in MP3 is a plus!

I've read over many reviews, but I cannot determine what comes shipped in the box ?For example, right out the box, is there a way to charge the battery ?After I take delivery, I will order whatever accessories I may need.Since I could not determine this answer before ordering the product I've given it a two star for lack of informative information....  will update later after using it a while....Great Thanks,

This is my 2.5 star review, based on my impression that each Pro is equally balanced by a Con and therefore this is a middle of the road product.I bought this for my MIL. It was one of the few Tracfone options which came with triple lifetime minutes, which I needed to make her budget work.It's hard for her to use. Scrolling through the address book (even one with only a few dozen entries) is exceptionally difficult, and slow.  We bought a stylus and that helped, a little.The screen locks immediately during a call. This is a feature to prevent the touch screen from registering any action while a call is in progress. This includes calls to voicemail, which require you to.... press the virtual number pad (on the screen) to perform various messaging actions.  So the end result is an awkward dance of holding the phone to your ear to hear the voice prompts and then pulling it away to unlock the screen to show the dialpad to press the number, all before you run out of time.There are a few 'screen lock' options and being a technical person I tried them all. None of the options prevent the screen lock.On the positive side, you can place and receive calls, so it does perform the basic function of a phone.This is likely a reasonable phone for someone who is moderately technically savvy.  I would not recommend it for situations like mine-- an older relative who is not in touch with technology.

Bought this phone for my son for his birthday he wanted a touch screen was easy to get set up Thx again

Recently cancelled my contract phone. I'm not a big cell phone user and this prepaid plan is perfect for me. The instructions to register and activate the phone was simple and quick, took less than five minutes. I love this LG 800 smart phone, very easy to use and a great deal!

I bought this as a gift for a young person to lean responsibility about phone charges since they all seem to think it is free.  She will now be responsible for her minutes each month and if she runs out of minutes before the end of the month then she will learn a life's lesson.  The triple minutes help out and since I have a triple minute phone from tracfone and feel it is the only way to go for young people to learn responsibility.  It also put limits on how much they can text and talk.  Very good product.

Phone just quite working. Cannot turn it on the battery is full. Piece of junk, do not buy, save your money!

This phone is not available in my area and that should have been on the site. I couldn't use it.

Seriously, this is a no brainer. $14.99 for a touch-screen, top of the line, state of the art, cell phone with no contract!!  Oh, and don't forget triple the minutes (it is a prepaid TracFone)  What more can I add?

I've had this phone for about a year and I really have not enjoyed using it.  The screen and dial pad are terrible to use.  It also pocket dials people all the time.  I can't wait to find another phone!

This is an excellent step-up from the flip-phones that those of us who rarely use a cell phone were stuck with if we wanted to pay low amounts for a cell phone and usage. There's also a similar Motorola model at Tracfone but it doesn't list under my zip code so I haven't compared the two phones.I'll upgrade this report after I've become familiar with all the bells and whistles: for example, the specs call for a max. 8 GB micro SDHC card but supposedly the software will only handle 4 GB. The software has been upgraded (see "1" below) and I'm going to test the limits. Meanwhile, here are five key things you may not know about:1) Software Version:When you get your phone, make sure you have the improved software version (V10e as of this writing) and not the older, buggy one (V10d) that might be sitting on a seller's shelf for some months:A) From the main screen press the square with 4 dots at the lower right.B) On the next screen, press the "Settings" icon in the lower right.C) On the next screen, press "Phone".D) On the next screen, scroll down with your finger on the red bar to the very bottom, then press "Information".E) On the next screen, press "Device Information".F) At the very bottom, under "S/W Version" it should say "V10e" (or later). It must NOT say "V10d" - V10d is the buggy version.2) Screen Size: The 2.8" (diagonally measured) screen on the LG-800G is 2 5/16" vertically and 1 3/4" horizontally, held in the standard "portrait" position. For comparison, the view screen on my 2"x2"x4" camcorder is a typical 2 1/8" x 1 1/2", only 79% as much screen as the LG-800G.3) Needed accessories not included with the phone or Tracfone's Universal Accessories Kit:A) Micro SDHC card to provide extra memory: the specs say 8 GB max, users say 4 GB max: I'll update this after some testing with the latest software version (V10e). It's needed if you want to store a lot of apps, vids of your kids playing music, soccer, presenting their science project, etc. A 4 GB card is only $4+ with free shipping on Amazon as I write this. The "internal memory" built into the phone is 20.4 MB (0.0204 GB) of which 18.8 MB is free when the phone arrives. That is fine for some pics, messages, a couple of apps, etc. - but not a lot more.B) Cable for phone to computer USB connection ($2.34 with free shipping on Amazon as I write this): Since you can treat the phone's memory like a hard drive from the computer, you can use the internet service on a computer to download apps, etc. instead of using up cell phone minutes. You can also transfer photos, videos, etc. to and from the computer.C) many recommend a screen protector: a thin transparent film that statically sticks to the screen. They're anywhere from $1-$6.4) Comparison Shopping:If you buy directly from Tracfone and pay the full price, you get an additional "Universal Accessory Kit." But there's not a lot of info as to what it contains so here it is:It contains a car cigarette-lighter-receptacle charger (the AC charger comes with the phone itself), an earbud with mike for hands free use and adapters for any LG phone, and a clunky, cheap, but shirt pocket wearable pouch with a permanent belt loop attached to it -but whose weak closing strength I'd never trust on a belt loop: it does offer good protection of the display screen, though, in case something would rub against it or it fell our of a shirt pocket.5) For Existing Tracfone Customers Transferring Phone No. & Minutes:A) When you transfer phone number and minutes: your expiration date is transferred and 60 days added to it and your all your minutes, no matter if they come from the most recent minutes you bought or from rollovers, are transferred and 10 minutes added to them.B) It may take an hour or more for the transfers to take place, so don't activate/deactivate the phones if you'll need your cell phone in the following couple of hours. They have a temporary number assignment workaround if you have to do it that way, but there's a charge.  All that said, it only took about 10 minutes or so for my new phone to become activated after the old one was deactivated.C) For those Tracfone customers who upgraded and say they didn't get their minutes transferred:That INITIALLY happened to me: the phone number was transferred but not the minutes. A call to Tracfone several hours later required about 10 minutes time for them to verify I had had minutes left on my old (now inactive) Tracfone and transfer them. An excellent sales rep who corrected the problem for me said their system is buggy and sometimes cuts off the minutes when the phone number is transferred.

For the money this is the way to go.  It has enough sophistication for the casual prepaid wireless user.  I will consider this line of cell phones if I purchase more in the future.

Before this, I had a slide phone (still Tracfone.)  I like this one much better.  I am still learning it, since it is my first (semi)smart phone.  I DO wish it was an Android, but I couldn't afford one - so, this is a good compromise.  Camera is surprisingly good when it is in the right light.  Easy to make your own ring tones...who needs to pay those fees, right?

The phone itself works fine for a prepaid phone. The rates are nothing to write home about, and they take away a full minute if you talk for a few seconds, but it works. The problem is in the extras, such as the data and music player. They are so buggy and hard to use that it's no fun to use. For one, the video capture is about as bad as it gets. You might as well see two pixels on the screen dancing around, the video capture is so small and choppy. The snapshots are pretty bad, as well. There is no detail in them. Then there's the touch screen. It's unresponsive and doesn't detect subtle touches. The phone is also too under-powered to have sliding screens; that just makes things tedious.But the worst thing for me is the music playing abilities. [Actually, it does have playlist creation. You have to do it manually, dragging stuff on the unresponsive touchscreen] And it's fine that it doesn't support superior codecs like vorbis, but at least it supports aac in an mp4/m4a container. The problem is the data transfer scheme itself is very weak and buggy. When you copy files to the SD card through a micro usb cable, it tends to make you believe it copied them fast, but then they don't play back; that's because some songs didn't copy and there's 0 bits to those files. Alternatively, some files are truncated. This is the reason I thought there was a bug in mp3 playback, but it's just the files not copying completely. If it's the fault of the SD card I wouldn't know what else to do since it's a class 10 microSD card, and I suspect copying directly to it would be no problem, but since you have to take the phone apart for that, that's not a good option for regular use. I'm still not sure what the problem with the phone is when transferring, but I just keep on re-plugging it in and copying the files until they copy correctly. The data transfer scheme is also very unstable in that it's prone to cause file system errors if you use a flimsy cable. I used one of those self winding cables and apparently this caused the SD card to become read only and had to re-format it.Overall it leaves a lot to be desired, but you get what you pay for. For a prepaid phone, I would still prefer an ultra light phone with no extras over this phone's extra features that don't even work that well.

I got this phone to replace a phone from safelink that my daughter had lost. It's much better, the price was right.

Texting is just too hard for me with this phone. That's what I primarily use it for.  I rarely talk on it. I switched the key pad over to the qwerty keypad,  but it doesn't help. It takes forever to type a simple sentence because I keep hitting letters all around the one I'm trying to actually hit.Also, the touch screen isn't very responsive. I have to mash on the screen pretty hard.

It's not an iphone but it's still cool. Good substitute for anyone who can't really afford an iphone. And the Tracfone reception has been really good even though i live on the outer limits of their area. Would be perfect if the screen were just a bit bigger.
