
I love this Phone stays charged for 34 days at a time gave up Droid for this one. Upper Very Good product in the Cold of Mn

Apparently Prepaid phones are not compatible with regular plans.  Wasted a bunch of time waiting for verizon wireless reps to help program my phone to no avail.  After 30 minutes of technical support from Verizon, it was determined that Prepaid phones are not compatible with regular plans with Samsung Knack...

I purchased two of these phones (when this model was new) for my father.  It's awesome in so many ways, and the phones he has have lasted for five or more years!  I purchased this replacement when we thought he had damaged one of his phones.  Luckily, his phones are still kicking, but I was delighted to be able to find a replacement (to have on hand) if I ever need another one for him.  I was pretty bummed when I learned that the model is no longer available, and (unfortunately) its successor isn't as &#34;senior friendly&#34; as this good ole Knack is!

Great phone for our needs. Large numbers and letters so grandpa could use it easily.  Only needed it for him to call us or 911 if no one home with him.

Good basic phone for voice & text.  Nice flip case.  Low profile.  Lightweight.  Long battery life.Inexpensive monthly fees for services.

The phone was exactly what it was described from this seller. The only thing I am not too fond of is that the keys feel very fragile plastic and not good quality, but overall the phone is good. The shipping was GREAT! It came a few days earlier than expected.

The numbering is big, surely good for the elderly I guess. But, where do I put the simcard? The battery is not working.

This was suppose to be &#34;new.&#34; Was it? maybe the motherboard was new but not the phone. There was dents and scratches all over the phone. VERY upsetting for $60.00+. Better off going to the verizon store and paying full retail price for an old old phone.

Was advertised &#34;like new&#34; but it shows signs of age and handling.  Further, its ability to detect and hold a signal was disappointing.  I bought the phone as a replacement phone for my father.  Though his previous Verizon phone had no signal issues, this replacement phone dropped calls constantly.  I had to purchase a new Samsung phone for him (similar model), which does fine.  For the last couple of weeks I've been using the &#34;dud&#34; phone in the WashDC area where signal strength is not as huge an issue as in southern Virginia.

This is actually the second time I have purchased this device. My father lost his first one and I purchased this one again. My father has dementia and is very comfortable using this device! What I like about it for him is the keypad is big- so it's great for his eye sight. It's basic and easy to navigate throughout the phone and the speaker is loud on the phone as well.

However, the charger stopped charging the cell phone so I thought it was a bad battery.  Ordered two more replacement batteries and this did not solve the issue.  Now I am ordering another wall charger- this better work.

Mother-in-law loves the simplicity of this phone. Buttons are big - and answering is simple by just opening phone. Had a little difficulty with Verizon employee not knowing how to sync older phones to network, so if you have trouble - find a tech who knows what they are doing.

Money wasted.  The phone got intermittent reception when it got reception at all.  It was frustrating and annoying.  Ended up going to the Verizon store and spending 150 on the next model up.  My last Samsung Knack was the best phone and if I hadn't dropped it and ruined the screen I would still have it today.

I have been looking for a basic phone just like this one with big keypad for my father, he is 75 yrs old and hard of hearing. My father really likes the phone because the ring volume is loud & he can see the big keypad. Also he doesn't know how to send pictures so he don't need a camera nothing fancy. Highly recommended for senior or if you just want a basic phone.

I needed something with large buttons and a designated 911 button.  This phone fit the bill perfectly and is easy to read and use!

Phone looks great, all the parts were included, and it shipped fast. Only problem? It won't make calls. Tech support and the store itself couldn't make it work. Save your trouble and just upgrade to a free Verizon phone.

I gave my visually impaired friend a Samsung Knack U310. This replaced an LG, which had Page Plus Cellular service that works through the Verizon network. Because the U310 is already set up to work with the Verizon network, it was very easy to transfer the service from the old LG to the new Samsung Knack U310 on Page Plus Cellular. Phone number remained the same. All the minutes transferred to the Knack. Also renewed the Page Plus Service for another 120 days simply by adding $10 worth of minutes. This is a good, basic phone with large buttons. So, it is a natural for anybody with vision problems. Also, it has no camera or other things to confuse anybody who just wants a simple, basic phone. I did extensive research before purchasing this phone and highly recommend it.

My husband really liked having a flip phone instead of a smart phone. This phone is easy to use and is only numbers. No other gadgets. Phone was easy to activate and arrived very fast.

Like vew controls. Do not have any dislikes. Had a Galaxy 111 smart phone  and did not like it. Galaxy had too much.

I have low vision and this phone is perfect for me.  My first one died and my husband found this one for me.  I gave up a Smart Phone for this one and I don't feel a bit dumb.  Thank you

This phone is everything I hoped it would be.  I received this phone rapidly from the seller, and I was very impressed with the solid, durable sensation of it in my hand.  Just as impressive, I could not tell the difference between the condition of this phone and the condition of a new phone I would have purchased at a retailer.The sound quality is excellent and superior to that I was accustomed to in my previous phone,.  I wanted to avoid the distraction and increased cost, which are part of the smart phone experience.  The U310 exceeded my expectations, and I am tempted to buy more of these to keep in reserve.

She says it's perfect.  She can hear, its easy, and its EASY.  She downgraded from a Droid Razr, and now she is in love with this phone

I purchased this phone from WIRELESS KINGS and I am happy with the phone just as much as the service!The font size and icons on the phone are clearly visible for all to see, I recommend this phone for people who are looking for a big clear fonts on the screen!Although I am happy with the phone, I asked for a refund because I had initially thought this cellphone had a SIM card (which is my fault) but WIRELESS KINGS were kind enough to understand my reasoning for a refund.All in all, this is a great phone and I HIGHLY recommend anyone buying a cellphone or any electronic device, to choose WIRELESS KINGS, they are kind, professional and meet every deadline! :) :) :)

In almost perfect shape (some light wear on the battery cover, nothing that you can see very clearly). Happy with the phone. No sound quality problems as others have reported. Great for those searching for a basic phone. No internet, no camera, bigger lettering.

This telephone did not last very long at all. I know you get what you pay for, but this was ridiculous.

Got this Phone for my wife. It works as a basic phone, clear sound.She is a light user that is why I bought this one.

Seller is willing to work with me. The phone is actually just what I needed. I do not txt, or take pictures. I only need a plain & simple phone. I can figure out the phone as I go.

The Samsung Knack flip phone is in good condition & it works fine! This is good for children with the limitations of text & talk only.

It's not fancy, but it's the kind of phone I like. It is small, compact and simple to operate. I don't need all the fancy stuff on the more expensive phones.

My husband is hard of hearing and does not see well.  My mom is 78 years old and is tech impaired. We all wanted a basic phone that we could call with and receive calls with.  This phone has large enough keys that my husband can use it and he has large fingers. The fonts and buttons are large enough that he can see them without having to put on reading glasses, yet since it is a flip phone it is still small. My mom can use it without trouble. All she has to do is dial or answer.  Flip it open to answer and close it to hang up. (That is an option.) It can be turned up loud enough so that my husband can hear with no trouble.  I like the fact that I can use it as a prepaid phone as we don't make or receive many calls.  It is wonderful to have in case of an emergency or to talk to each other when away from them. So far, I have not found a place that I could not receive a signal.  The one and only drawback is that it does not have bluetooth capability. That is my complaint. Nobody else in my family wants one.  This is the best phone for senior citizens or disabled people that I have ever seen. Small enough to carry in your pocket or you can use a holster.  The part I absolutely LOVE is that it has a charging cradle so all you have to do is set it in the cradle to charge it. My husband would have a problem charging it any other way due to his vision problems.  And the charge lasts for over a week, whether you talk on it a lot or not.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who needs just a basic phone or has any of the problems I mentioned above. It is also very inexpensive, and that is also a big plus.

The phone worked fine for 2 months then locked up and would not reboot or re anything.  What a waste of money, time and energy.

Love it.  It is perfect for what I needed it for.  No camara or internet and that is what I needed.

I recently ordered a Samsung Flip Phone through Amazon.com.  The seller was extremely efficient in sending us the product.  It was shipped the next day and arrived within 5 days which we appreciated since we were leaving on a trip and needed the phone ASAP.  The phone was practically new and had no defects.  Verizon had no trouble flashing it.  I appreciate the promptness with which the seller handled this transaction

A good phone and very useful.  Programmable to a new number.  Met my expectations entirely and completely.  Would recommend it

The model of phone is great, however the one sent to me was caked in gunk and cosmetically beat up.  I urge the seller to leave a more accurate description.

I bought this phone for my mom. It's very easy to use. Performs the necessary functions properly - calling and texting.

The phone works like new all I had to do was clean it up a little and take it to get activated.

Pros: Phone works very well, Decent reception, volume can be turned up very high,  Can make the font very large... Sturdy enough... easy to dial.  Activated easily on Page Plus  Cons: Husband doesn't like the voice command feature... It seems to activate even though the settings are OFF ...probably human error but  he could do without it. Don't like the 911 button...it does ask "do you want to call 911" but the button is too easy to push by mistake.

Was a perfect phone for my Mother. The keys are larger than other flip phones without bells and whistles. Shipped super fast. Thank you!

I ordered this phone for my grandfather and when it arrived he really liked it.  It seemed easy to use, it doesn't have a camera or any other features on it.  It just made phone calls and that's what he wanted.  When I tried to activate it I ran into some problems.  I called MasterDeals (and after some explaining) they made the problem right.  If I needed to purchase one of their products again I would.  I didn't have the phone long enough or even get it activated to be able to review the product itself.  I can only review the company that sold it to me.  They have a phone number and multiple people that answer the phone so if there is an issue you don't have to file a claim through the internet and hope that it sees a humans eyes.  However, they are on the east coast and close at 3pm PST which made it more difficult to inform them of the problem I had since I'm out in California.

Unhappy with phone.  Speaker does not work, and I  can't hear good thru it.  Bum phone & I got ripped off on my 1st purchase from Amazon!!

I bought this phone for my15 year old son and it didn't last 6 months. Very disappointed in the life span.

We buy so many Samsung products...This is a good simple phone for the money used as a replacement phone for the business

It served the purpose as I needed to wait for an upgrade so I did't want to spend a lot of money so I used it till I qualified for a better phone.

Just got it for an older friend, but he is complaining that  it has a lot of static in it.

It is a very user friendly phone my husband, who is not tech savvy at all, can really get along with.

was way older phone doesnt go online or take pictures ,but is perfect for and edlerly person it has large numbers and is very simple

Got this phone and took it to Verizon and it could not be hooked up...very disappointed in this and certainly will not order from them again!

It's simply just a phone and I like that . Very easy to use. I wear readers and can see who's calling without my readers on. My battery last forever, just need to charge now and then.

I purchased this product cuz the description said that the ESN was clear. Yes, I successfully activated it, however, it's so meaningless if the cellphone cannot make/receive a call.  I brought the cellphone to the verizon wireless and they confirmed that the cellphone itself was broken. I immediately returned it but I had to pay some extra cost for the shipping to send it back. They covered only the part of the shipping fee, not the whole cost.

Good phone for the money and does the job. Purchased refurbished. Scratched on the front but cheap to own and operate.
