
This is a reasonably priced phone and worth the money.  I use it to simply to make calls to family and friends - nothing more. To that intent, I give it 5 stars.

I chose this rating because it is one of the worst phones I have ever owned.It was purchased for my wife. She has yet to figured out how to use it. Neither have I.One of the worst things about it is finding your contacts.The names are displayed in white on a yellow back ground. Almost impossible to read.Instructions are not enough. The camera? Useless.Nuff said.

Cannot see screen.  Highlights in yellow and very hard to see.  Very poor phone, will go back to my old phone and bite the bullet for 27.00.  Hopefully someone will steal it.

This phone is an upgrade from my previous TracFone (Motorola W376G). Bought this one because batteries were too expensive for the other. Anyway, I'm quite pleased with the phone, especially it's reception & battery life. Samsung phones are well known for having great battery life, plus it's also an overall excellent brand.I got the phone from an Amazon seller, for $6.99 + $4.99 shipping, which was $8 less than the same phone from the TracFone site itself. Had a problem with the proper screen on my old phone showing up for the online transfer of my phone number & minutes, but a quick call to Customer Service got everything working less than 5 minutes after the call was over. And I was able on a Sunday to get a rep quickly. Plus got 60 extra days to what I had w/o adding another airtime card, simply for activating the phone.This phone is perfect for those who has a home phone, and needs one for personal/occasional use. I use it for my personal business, this way, when a call comes in, I know it's for me. And it's a very simple phone, which is exactly what I wanted, plus it has Double Minutes for the life of the phone. Too, one can look online for promo codes, which can sometimes triple a 60 minute card, making it 180 minutes.I've been a happy TracFone since 2010, and their ads aren't misleading. The customer is totally in charge of their usage, many users only has to add a airtime card only every 3 months. Unlike all other prepaid services, which requires a airtime card monthly. And so far, I haven't needed to contact Technical Service, which is good also.I highly recommend this phone & the TracFone brand for those who wants an inexpensive, no BS, cell phone experience.Cat

a basic phone that does everything its supposed to do;display is clear and buttons function without fail;a  real star performer compared to other popularlow-cost phones.

Difficult to open, sound faded in/out, to much input before you can use it. couldn't call out get some calls. Then when it didn't work I tryed to tranfer the mins. to my other Tracfone. I have had to call Tracfone about 7-10 times during most of the calls were answered by people that couln't speak english, so nothing was done.When transfering min the person took the mins. off of theT245G phone then told me she couldn't transfer the mins. until she disconect my Tracfone I was sending the mins. too. Then she said that because it was dissconected I would have to buy more air time before she could send the mins. Dose that sound like people you want to deal with?

I bought this phone for my mother so she could have a phone in case the power went out or her home phone quit her like it has several times, she was happy as could be when she found out there was a camera in it.

http://www.amazon.com/review/create-review/ref=pe_6680_25697990_cm_cr_ec_add_1_h_c25697990?ie=UTF8&asin;=B006B8P5L4&channel;=ec_trd_c&customerID;=A8X0GX0UKJDYD&nodeID;=#This is a good product.  It is sturdy and has a cover so it does not get scratched in the pocket.  I will likely primarily use it as a backup phone.

The camera quality is very poor 640px x 480px is the max. This is just a grainy image. It has been over a week and I cannot access the web at all. The online manual does not cover the options of the phone.And what really kills this is that I wanted to transfer my phone number from my old tracfone to this one. Was told it would not be a problem before I bought the phone. It is a week later, several calls to support and now I am being told that my number is no longer available and I have been assigned a new number. What? I have been using the same number as my business number for over 5 years and now it is gone! Thousands of business cards with the phone number are just trash now. I am losing sales because of this and tracfone does nothing. Transfered to 6 different people in support, each one more lost than the other. Do not trust them when they say they can transfer your phone number to the new phone!

phone would not work in my area liked design tho ,the experience realy stunkwas upset that i had to find another phone.

The Samsung T245G is the perfect phone for me.  It fits securely in my pants pocket.  No more phone falling out when I bend over.  The texting feature and camera are great.

This is probably the least expensive ways to have a cell phone as it has the double minutes included. Great for kids or elderly relatives.  Cost is about $21 for three months.  Can take a little time to set up.  One time it was easy on line.  Another time took two calls to customer service as I was porting a number over from one of the national carriers.  It was for a little used line for my aunt that was costing me three times as much.Just remember that the set up is a one time deal.GOOGLE FOR COUPON CODES BEFORE ADDING MINUTES!

The phone works great and it came with double minutes for life- even though I bought the same thing separately without knowing.  It NEEDS a cover, but you can read my review on the really CHEAP BODY GLOVE cover that is made for the LG Accolade but fits this phone perfectly with only slight modifications (elongating the earpiece and mouthpiece holes) with a razor knife.  The link:  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0038BUCVU/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00  .

The phone worked just fine but the tracfone service even though it was double minutes just ends up being to expensive.

but liked the fact that i could transfer my Safelink wireless service over to my new phone had lost my old phone the even put my old minutes on there

My husband and I got rid of our cell phones to lower our monthly spending about 2 years ago.  We were going to be doing a cross country trip and I was going to be spending a month in another a state, so I wanted a cell for the summer.  The phone I bought claimed "double minutes for life!", being the skeptical person that I am, and having terrible past experiences with phone companies, I paid no mind to this, but was pleasantly surprised that it is true! Every time I buy minutes, they are automatically doubled : ) For me, $160, for 2,000 minutes to use within 1 year is a pretty sweet deal.  This phone gave me exactly what I was looking for, a phone to stay in touch with family and connect with people I am trying to meet up with, without a lengthy contract.  My husband and I drove from Colorado to Kentucky and the service was great everywhere I tried to use it.  Really happy with the purchase, surprised at the negative reviews I saw on Amazon.

This is my second tracfone.  I liked my first tracfone well enough, so I replaced it with this one when it wouldn't hold a charge.As a basic flip phone, it is quite acceptable for speach.  It seems to hold a charge. It does what I want.  If we lived in a world where no one sends text messages, I would rate this phone more highly.Unfortunately, folks WILL send text messages, no matter how many times you tell them not to do it.  I never send a text message, so I can't speak to that, but folks insist on sending them to me.  When the incoming call arrives, it displays the phone number of the sender so you can decide whether to pay the fee to read the message.  This is an important feature, as I get a lot of spam text messages.HOWEVER, the numerals are WHITE on a YELLOW background.  This is illegible!  And there's no way to change the color scheme!  I have tried multiple times, and had others try to change it for me, but it's not possible!So if screen your incoming text messages, think twice before buying this phone.P.S. Tracfone works best if you have access to a landline when you need to call customer service.  You'll eat up those double minutes in a jiffy otherwise.

For those of us who don't want to blow serious money on an expensive cell phone this is definitely for you.

Ok, this phone has been a nightmare.  For over a week I've been working with Tracfone to get this phone activated.  It turned out the Sim card was damaged.  Tracfone is going to mail us a new Sim card and it has taken hours on the phone with them to resolve this issue.  The phone still says unregistered Sim card.  It's better to buy a little more expensive phone, I think.  Save yourself the trouble!  This is not a good purchase.

I purchased one of these phones over the weekend and I'm not impressed with this service. I live in central North Carolina and can barely get two bars of reception, apparently tracphonce is using AT&T; towers to serve this area. I work about 30 miles from home and the reception is no better. On top of that I purchased a 60 minute card and added the air time yesterday and 24 hours later it is still telling me the minutes are being processed and I have not been credited with them.I now regret dropping my virgin mobile phone but will be going back to them as soon as I use up these minutes from tracfone. As far as the phone itself Samsung T245g it's bare bones and and is for sure a $15 phone.Do yourself a favor and go with a different service.

it serves my purpose... am happy w/this & relatively cheap to keep up & runningI hope it operates on vacation to the states soon

My old TracFone finally bit it after 3 years of rare use.  I got this one at some crazy low price, and was so pleased to be able to transfer the 1000+ minutes to this one from the old phone, and kept my old phone number.  I had to get a card to activate this one, but that was fine- I get the cheapest card just to keep enough time left on it.  The double minutes on this are also a nice feature.  I haven't played with it much, but have been pleased enough with my other two TracFones. :)

Do not get a Samsung T245G Tracfone if visual clarity of the information displayed on the screen is important to you.  I recently made the mistake of buying a Samsung T245G Tracfone.  The screen information was so difficult to see that the phone was useless for me, and it also makes a bad impression for Tracfone.  Fortunately, I was able to return it immediately to the retail store for a refund where it had been purchased.Since then, I bought on Amazon the LG 235C Tracfone which has good visual clarity of the information displayed on the screen.  I appreciate the LG 235C Tracfone because I have a vision disability, and this improved screen clarity is a pleasing upgrade from my older Tracfone from 2007.  Tracfone is excellent for a person such as myself who seldom uses a cell phone but wants to have communication available if needed when away from home.  For many years I have appreciated the flexibility to buy a very small inexpensive 1 year plan and have the units/minutes bank of talk time roll over as long as necessary until an occasion when making calls is needed.

The phone itself seems acceptable, but the activation process was quite a trial. It took multiple phone calls over several days to finally get it working, but now it works and it has to be the cheapest pre-paid I've ever seen. Great for an emergency phone or just voice comm on a budget.

I wanted to switch from AT&T; Go Phone to Tracfone and I took quite a bitof time researching the phones available.  I wanted a simple flip phoneso I selected this one.  The price was great and the phone has lifetimedouble minutes, a great deal.  I was very pleased when I received thephone as it is very nice, buttons are easy to see/navigate, and thevoice quality is very good.  It has several bells and whistles that I'llprobably never use, but most phones do these days.  I'm glad I purchasedthis phone and Tracfone has the best deals on the pay-as-you-go service.So far, I have had no problem getting strong signals no matter whereI am; much better than AT&T; whose pay-as-you-go service was too costly.Great phone, great price, double minutes, great service from Tracfone -I'm a happy customer!

This phone deducts minutes every time you listen to voice mail not just when you accept or send texts. I mean common really! the features could be easier to find and a little more user friendly.

Surprisingly bad voice quality for this day and age and 3G capability.  The sound fades in and out constantly, making conversation a chore.  I have always used Tracfone in the past and have never had any problems like this before.  I would recommend Tracfone only for people like me who only use the phone briefly and for emergencies.

phone in great shape for the price and item and was received rather quickly and efficiently. phone works well n price was great

I wanted a simple flip phone. This one is simple and it flips. Also the keys are pleasant & easy to use. I want to love it but I literally can't understand messages that are left because the sound quality is garbage. Live conversations are of poor sound quality too. In addition to that it took me almost three hours on hold the third time I called Tracfone to get my minutes transferred from my old phone and start this one up. It turned out the problem was a dirty SIM card. This was the step they tried after changing my phone number. I have used Tracfone for years and never had a problem before. Prepaid works perfectly for me but not if I can't use the device.

You get what you pay for...This phone has given my husband many problems. The volume is too low, even at it's highest setting is still too low for him. His texting doesn't work right. When he is able to get it to make a text, he can't get it to send. At first he liked it, except for the volume. But with time it has not been working right...and is getting worse.

I purchased this Samsung T245G Tracfone because my original Samsung T101 Tracfone no longer worked. The new Tracfone was purchased in the same geographic area (ZIP code) as the original Tracfone so I was hopeful that transferring the old phone number, air time, and service minutes to the new phone would be straightforward.After I entered all the data on the Tracfone's Customer Support web page, the system came back with a message to CALL Customer Service to request a new SIM card.I called Customer Service, and after 15 minutes was able to explain the situation to a service representative. She had to get all the data from me again, call Tech. Support numerous times while placing me on hold before she was able to create a ticket for Tracfone to send me a new SIM Card. The entire process took over 30 minutes. When I get the new SIM card I will have to go through the same procedure again to finally ACTIVATE my new Tracfone !The problem with Tracfone's Customer Support is that their systems are extremely cumbersome, the representatives have to call their internal Tech. Support people to resolve most issues, and the whole process is extremely time consuming.Secondly, Tracfone cell phones available in my area are very inferior quality; they do not offer high quality cell phones that last. I don't want lots of features, but a SIMPLE, ROBUST cell phone that works without fail.Why do mobile phone service providers not understand this ?

Most of the places I need a phone, this gets poor reception. Often I get good reception if I go outdoors, but wind sound makes it poor for outdoor use. Good battery life, but no other positives. A volume control would help, but there is none.Very disappointing that Samsung would sell such a poor product.

Cheap but good for why we needed for have cheap phone for my wife if she needs call me when I am shopping

Great phone, great price and service. It is easy to used and I like that I can start talking as soon as the phone is opened.

It worked. Setup was easy. Price was good. I used it for a week while traveling to the USA (I was living abroad at the time and didn't have an American mobile phone).

I haven't toted a cell phone since I retired from my consulting business. Recently moved back to the Houston, TX area and find I need one. If wife and I go shopping she disappears and I have to wander around a &#34;super&#34; store to find her. Now I can call her cell and get an idea of where she is. In addition I have great grandchildren I need to take fishing and might need the phone while we're on the lake or creek, just in case.The double minutes aspect is great, I bought 400 minutes to start with and it doubled to 800 plus an additional 20 that came with the purchase. I can surf the web (not that I want to), take pictures, etc. All with a device that didn't exist when I was born 74 years ago. I love modern technology. My first cell was in a bag, weighed about ten lbs, and I had to find a hill top to get any service.

I bought this phone as an emergency cell phone for my son for a Christmas present. It comes with Lifetime double minutes for the life of the phone. It was very easy to get started. I bought him minutes for the phone because that doesn't come with it, but it does get doubled. This is the perfect phone for him since he didn't want a cell phone with a monthly bill. He gets great reception with it. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles of some of the other cell phones but it does exactly what he needs. In case of an emergency it lets him make calls to whom ever he needs. Its not expensive but it gives us peace of mind to know if he needs it he has it.

I'm a first-time cell phone user, so I don't have much to compare with, but after having this phone for a couple weeks, I would say that it's just okay.  The adage "you get what you pay for" applies.  It has all the features I need, but, so far, the sound quality has varied between decent and poor.  It's a very small phone with a slick surface making it somewhat difficult for me to handle, and though I'm a male, I don't have large hands.  Someone who uses a phone a lot would probably want a better phone.

There are a few issues with this phone:1) It has an external screen, but no volume rocker or other external control, so no way to turn the screen on.  If you have the phone with you when someone calls, you can see the caller ID on the external screen, otherwise it is pointless.2) The menu has a bizarre yellow and white color scheme which is hard to see and not changeable.  Whoever designed the user interface was braindead.3) The main screen is small and not competitive with today's low end phones.  Once you use a phone with a larger screen (min. 2"), you won't want to go back to a small screen.The retail price when this phone was in stores was $15.  The current Amazon price is $30(???).  It wasn't worth $15 then, and it is certainly not worth $30 today.A few possible alternatives:Tracfone/Samsung T301G, a slider with 2" screen.  Currently $8 on Amazon.  I got it from the Dealathon vendor, and it operates on the AT&T; network.Tracfone/Samsung T330G, also a slider with 2" screen.  A bit more advanced than the T301G, currently $7 on Amazon.  The ones from the shopcelldeals vendor operate on the T-Mobile network.Tracfone/LG440G, a flip phone with 2.2" screen.  Retail $20, currently on sale at OfficeMax for $10.  These run on the AT&T; network.

Bluetooth doesn't work. I and my salesperson checked it out. Nobody can help including Samsung. Tracfone staff try to help but have strong accent and terrible phone connection to the point it isn't worth the effort to call them. Camera sucks. Monitor is about as low as you can go. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. Tracphone selection of cell phones is very poor.Samsung T245G Prepaid Phone With Double Minutes (Tracfone)

Examined available phones that work with TracFone, and this one seemed like the best deal for the money.  It was smaller and more comfortable than similar LG models.  Unfortunately, after spending time trying to set up service, I had to spend 45 minutes on the phone with TracFone to solve an error.  Eventually, tech support said this phone would not accept updates, and they would have to send a replacement.  They don't offer this model, and I didn't feel like returning it to this vendor, so I accepted a lower quality LG through TracFone.  I couldn't afford to wait even longer without cell service.  This item was unopened, but all coupons and offers inside the phone package expired as of 12/31/2013.  Not sure how this vendor would know if these phones work or not, but I certainly was not expecting to go through the hassle of TracFone tech support multiple times and wait another week without cell service.

I needed a phone when on a recent trip when my phone fell into water and died. Got this one while I was fighting with my carrier for the warranty I was paying for and wasn't getting any help on.  I have since dropped the carrier and use prepaid phones now.  I never use all the minutes in my plan and Tracfone seems to work for me. I have since gotten a Tracfone with more features but this one worked very well for me.

makes a great 2nd phone for someone who is new to using cell phone or won't be making a ton of calls.I bought this for my hubby and he loves it. it was just what he needed.

this is a telephone.it is NOT a computer, nor is it a music jukebox, or anything else.it makes and receives telephone calls.it is exactly what i wanted.

I just experienced the same problem. I called Tracphone to get a new phone because my other one got dropped in the toilet. After about 4 days, I received the new phone. I followed the instructions on activating the new phone. It showed only 10 minutes. So I called customer service to try to transfer my original phone # & leftover minutes of about 350 to new phone. I could barely understand the lady with her accent, but she was pretty nice, and it was kind of funny because after EVERYTHING she would, "and by the way m'am"!!! and by way m'am are you still there?.. was kind of funny kind of annoying. So was on phone with her for about 15 minutes. She said turn phone off, wait about an hour then check it. So I did. Still no more than just the 10 mins on phone, but, it showed as the old phone # I needed, so that was cool. So I called again and spent probably an hour on the phone with a lady this time with a heavy accent. I think even she got confused! I read her this serial # & that #etc.... And she says, "ok m'am a new SIM card will be coming to you in the mail since the one on your new phone is broken, I'm sorry that happened." I said, "what? I didn't say that it was broken, alls I want are my remaining minutes from the other phone!" She said "well m'am call us back if a few days when you receive your new SIM card." I said, "but I JUST got a NEW phone with I would think a brand new SIM card already in it! I don't understand this process. Do You?" She said something to matter of "i sorry m'am, call us back when new SIM card arrives or you can buy more minutes in meantime." AAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGG

Unfortunately the double minutes coupons are expired.as for the phone itself, it is very basic, perfect for what i need it for (my kids). The activation was very easy and nothing complicated. I just wish I had the double minutes as advertised.

I purchased the Samsung T245 flip phone with Tracfone prepaid minutes.Big mistake. The service from Amazon was great & the phone looked nice...but contacting Tracfone to activate using my present phone number it became an ordeal. It is impossible to speak to customer service-it is the most frustrating thing.After almost 24hrs I was finally able to get a live but rude person - who really felt she was doing me a big favor by speaking to me and trying to activate the phone. She was difficult to understand due to her accent and made me feel like a fool. I was not satisfied how this was going. Being a Virgin Mobile customer for many years-You actually get a very professional and courteous person to speak to immediately. I had to return the phone to Amazon and have purchased another Samsung phone from Amazon with Virgin Mobile service. Beware of Tracfone service.

I am not a cellphone person.I bought this phone because my family members were "nagging" me to get a cellphone.  I did not want one because I would leave my home to get away from the telephone. I'M NOT A CELLPHONE PERSON!!!!!  To make my family happy, I agreed to get one.  But it would have to be inexpensive because I don't like cellphones and would not use it that often.  Very inexpensive. It would have to be cheap.This phone fits the bill.  I purchased it on sale for $7.00 (6.99 + tax) and paid an additional $20.00 for additional minutes (double).  No contract -- no comittment!  It's small, econmical, and most times I forget I have it on my person.  So far, so good.  So far, the initial $27.00 I paid has far out-weighed the phone's value.  What a bargain!I get good reception (better than my land line) and when I'm out of the house, I can NOW contact anyone I need NATIONWIDE! Who knew?  My land line is still my primary phone, but this is an excellent secondary - the best, especially when you are on the road.  The cost is almost negligble.  Cents per month, depending on usage! That's the best part -- the cost.  It is nominal. Less than my land line and I get "Double-Minutes" for each time I need to add additional minutes.  For a $7.00 phone, I've gotten my money back and then-some!I love this simple phone!If you are not that much into cellphones, this is the one for you.  If you only want a phone that can you make calls out and get calls in simply, your $7.00 (for the phone) cannot be better invested.If you want a a $7.00 non-committal way to enter the next centuary, this simple $7.00 beauty is for you.

I wish I had todays new models but this phone works for what I needed it for It is a sturdy phone.

it was just what i expected. would recommend this seller.

I purchased this phone for my parents to use.  I liked the fact that they get double minutes.  That is a plus.  However they have a hard time hearing out of the phone.  I dont have any problems with it.  but for someone that has some hearing problems, the volume does not go up very loud.

I don't want or expect much from a $15 Tracfone. However, it doesn't seem too much to ask that the screens be readable.  Samsung does goofy things with this phone, like putting gray on white, or yellow on white, and provides no way of changing the color schemes.  Other little bits of annoying dumbness include labeling text messages with the current time rather than the time the message was received. You can find the time received if you scroll to the bottom and get a magnifying glass to read the aforementioned gray-on-yellow.Features are decent, but I find myself frustrated at my phone a lot of the time.  And if I had any other option for decent prices besides Tracfone/Net 10, I would go there in a heartbeat.  Lots of customer support issues in that outfit.

This phone is very compact, easy to use, and I love the double minutes feature from Tracfone.Very good deal.  Not fancy, but great for someone who needs to be availablefor contact by family mostly.

for if you are like me  a person that only uses your phone for basic uses such as simply calls then this is the phone for you because it has  no contract and you can buy a airtime card at your supermarket or drugstore without any hassle of a monthly bill.

got this phone because my other tracfone phone had charging problems and the speaker was not that good.  speaker on this one is great.  can hear well in any location.  charges quickly and is light weight.  bluetooth worked on mine, first try.  would buy again.  even has a camera if you need that.

This is my first experience with a cell phone, and I like it.It has some nice features for the price, camera, browser, blue tooth, etc.I would recommend it.

Beware that this phone does not work in all areas.  Trac Phone will not tell this to you till after about 4 hours on customer service.  I am still dealing with customer service as I write this review.  I purchased my first phone and it did not activate correctly, after an hour and 1/2 with service asking the same questions about 5 times, they told me that the phone was defective and needed to be replaced.  They over nighted a new phone.  2 days later the phone arrived.  It looked like it activated, and took money for additional minutes.  When a phone call was attempted a few days later.  the new phone didn't work.  Called customer service.  They were pleasant and answered quickly.  Other than that they would ask me questions I would answer the same question about 3 times, then they would send me to their immediate supervisor. ( repeat 3 times)  then they said that I needed to call back in 24 hours because they needed more time and gave me a ticket number. So after not bothering the tech people for a day I call back...  And the questions start again.  "Please turn off your phone sir, please tut back on."  does it make a call now, "no" OK do that again.  (like rebooting a second time will help).  What is the sim number, what area code are you in.  What I didn't realize when I purchased the phone was that it does not work in all zip codes.  They are actually now looking for a phone or sim card that will work in my area code.  I am 25 miles outside of Philadelphia, not quite the middle of nowhere.Now I am being told that the phone was activated in one zip code and I am calling from another zip code that I cannot be helped.  They can change my phone number and activate in my present zip code, but then the phone may not work where I need it to work. "can you hear me now"?  WOW that has a new meaning.

Older friend of mine broke her phone. Wanted something simple, that flipped, with a camera. This fit the bill. Shipped fast too.

The T245G  is light, small, and basic - which is what I wanted.  But customer service is horrible.  Had to go to the internet to learn to turn speaker on and off... Sound is just ok but volume very low...HOWEVER, both are light years ahead of the customer service I labored through.  After being cut off following at least an hour of waiting and answering redundant questions, meaning the same ones over and over, I was cut off...Can't tell you how thrilled I was at that point.  Then an older tracfone loaned to a friend was returned to me, and I tried to transfer minutes, and THAT was a journey into unbelievable tapdancing, stalling, holding, and finally, I just gave up and am tolerating this phone til Feb when the time will have expired.  So unhappy...  Not good.  Sorry - For years I have loved tracfone, but am left with anger and frustration.

This is a great phone.  It is easy to use.  Love the internet access and camera features on it, what a great buy.

Great Phones, Uncomplicated to set up, use . Large buttons. very satisfied. thanks amazon. My wife and I love these cell phones.

I purchased a Samsung T245G and it was so horrible I abandonded it.  It had bad sound quality and unreadable screens  I purchased the LG430G instead which has made me very happy.

We don't have a house phone so we use this one as a back up for our nanny.  Works like it should, easy to operate and holds a charge. Maybe even a great phone for seniors too!

This was for my son-in-law. He loves it and it meets all his needs Not complicated to get activated and to add minutes..

What a great phone! It was painless to set up as far as phone plans go, it took about 10 minutes to open the phone up, get a plan, and be on my way. Very affordable as well!

I do recomend this phone for everyone.Good quality samsung brand.small,convinient in usage.It is very good phone.Easy to carry and in use.

Arrived on time. Easy signup. Great price, Easier to operate than other phones we have tried.It is a winner.

I like it.  It is difficult to use in texting. Otherwise, its various other features are acceptible for my use.

This was our first cell phone purchase and it was so easy to set up and get started. We're really pleased with it and it is so clear doesn't break up when talking and a call has never been dropped. We would highly recommend this phone.

I have found that after buying several cell phones,that these two mentioned brands,and sometimes Motorola also,make a model that is good and a hit,or a bad model that is a miss.My two current cell phones are 1 Samsung,love it,and 1 LG.liked a lot.But,to get to this point,I had to throw away a bad Samsung and a real bad LG.The Samsung shown here is not my current well liked model,nor the bad one.This one was O K,but lacked a few things,so 3 stars not more.

The phone works great, sounds good, and the battery lasts longer than I expected between charges.  I have no complaints.

We live in a rural area and this phone will not make a call or send text unless it has 3 bars of service. It's basically useless inside the house and won't even consistently work outside. My Motorola phone works just fine anywhere in the house. I suppose if you live in a metro area and don't travel you may be satisfied with it.

The Samsung is a nice phone and works well with Tracfone as the service.I also have a LG 420g which has more memory.I carry a phone all the time and it always works fine.

the phone is cheap & simple and most of the features i tried worked - that's the positive part of this reviewmy first impression was how much harder it was to open due to it's slippery rounded sides - compared to the blockish Pantech i had beforeimmediately upon that - i thought that the main screen was very tiny & crowded - again compared to the Pantech - with this phone - there's no point in having a eye pleasing photo cuz it can't be seen due to the time/date bar near the top - and the status text near the bottom - i don't know if i can disable them - for now - i took a picture of a wall and made it the wallpaper - just so the screen will be clean and readable - cuz the default photo makes too busy a screenit falls short in comparison to the Pantech by it's remarkably ugly menus and other screens - but i can get used to themnow for the juicy part -i went online to activate my phone and found navigating the website confusing - worse - the designers didn't care if the input areas - where you type in your data - can be seen readily - they wouldn't let things like borders or contrasting color ruin what they think is a beautiful design - so it took me an unusual amount of time just to enter the required informationthen at the end of all that - they didn't tell me the new phone number that was assigned to my phone - i had go to my phone and search for the "my phone number" feature that i presumed would be there - it was - and that's how i found out my phone numberonce activated - the web connection didn't work - i decided to go the the TracFone forums for help - and got a response fairly quickly from a tech person requesting a private communication - it took me awhile in this confusing website - but eventually i found the "inbox" - and the the support person's message asking for my serial number - but - BUT! - she explained - i couldn't reply with my serial number until i made 4 more posts to the forumlet me repeat - i couldn't get help UNTIL I POSTED 4 MORE TIMES AT THE FORUM - other people have crabbed about phone support - i'm adding a complaint about the online support forums - where i'm being forced to jump thru unnecessary hoops in order to get help - somehow being a paid customer isn't good enuf for these peopleso - i'm still waiting for help - i just tried adding 4 brief posts to my original thread - but i don't know if that will pass musterthis is the second day with my tracfone - and i've already felt compelled to write a warning review - i usually give a new product a reasonable adjustment period - but i expect a reasonable effort on the company's part in return--- update 12/14/2012i got an email message from Tracfone thanking me for adding airtime - i didn't add any airtime - when i inquired on the support forum - i didn't get an answer - instead - someone asked me if this issue has been resolved - when i said no - they didn't respond - instead - they asked me again if the issue has been resolved - so i'm starting all over again - hoping to get an answerupdate - the email from Tracfone was sent to me in error - nice that they figured that out - bad that they sent it in the first place--- update 1/11/2013i now have problems with reception inside my apartment - will fill you in lateri never did get a definitive answer - but my phone now works sporadically from my apartment - the number of sensitivity bars has no relationship--- update 4/19/2013unlucky me - or is it lucky me! - i lost my tracfone about a month ago - i waited for a good deal on a cell phone - and bought a T-Mobile 665 - by the end of the day - i could safely say that The T-Mobile phone & service were far superior to the Tracfone - while  refilling the airtime might be more expensive - far fewer frustrations make up the difference
