
This phone is a great buy, I broke my old phone and couldn't call/text so I had to find a cheap one. Trust me this phone is worth the price

Bad battery but phone works great and came fast . Easy fix to replace the battery. Would give 5 Stars but battery bad. After about 30 min.  of. being on phone says only 5%remaining

I really love this phone.  It's feels a little weighty.  The volume is really loud.  I upgraded from HTC Incredible 2.  Very happy.

I have spent hours trying desperately to get this phone to work with Page Plus, but it will not. It was advertised as no contract, but that's not true. This phone is 4G which is the problem. If you want to use it for no contract plan, DO NOT buy this phone. I'm trying to return mine.

The droid phone is a great phone. I didn't like it because this one is a 4G phone. I found out the hard way this does not mean it will support a 4G network, it meant it will ONLY work in a FULL 4G area, which is nowhere near me!

Verizon Motorola Droid Bionic No Contract 4G LTE Android Phone is new and in good shape. It comes with 4.04 ICS Loaded, which is good. It came with the battery, ac charger, dc car cord and bionic book.

It was quick and meet all the needs for me. rooted flashed and it was passed on as a page plus with gsm working .2thumbs up yeah ..

Over all pretty happy with phone there's a few glitches but I expected that considering the phone is a few years old .

I prefer windows Phones, but this is a nice, dependable android. Loving all the apps available on this OS! I do have to be careful with the battery, and it feels like a brick in my pocket, but it was a good buy!

I hate this phone so much. I went in to Verizon just by chance the day this phone came out. I was considering an iphone or some sort of droid since I am familiar with the operations. The salesperson explained that this phone was much better than an iphone and runs on 4G. Since I travel every week I decided to go with the 4G and picked the Bionic. The phone takes FOREVER to transfer from 3G to 4G and sometimes I have to take the battery out and reset it just so it will get a data signal. My home area upgraded the signal to 4G recently and the phone rarely keeps the data signal. As soon as I select the browser or Facebook the phone IMMEDIATELY loses its data signal. It constantly freezes when running applications even though it is supposed to have a high power processor. After you press the screen lock button the screen will turn black/off but in order to turn the screen back on you have to pull the battery out and reset it. Long story short, do not get this phone.

Amazon should shut down this seller for false advertising, it does not say it is used, it gives you a choice of new or used and when you selected new they send you a refurbished phone.The price of one hundred and thirteen dollars is nearly twice that every other refurbished phone.don't waste your time gambling with this company's product.I purchased one of the higher priced models because it said new in the listing and trusted Amazon would protect me.I made a mistake,  my old phone works fine, the battery life was cut in half after the last &#34;update&#34;.Personal opinion is carrier &#34;updates&#34;  the phone they want to faze out so you have to buy a new one.either that or Motorola is a POS and shouldn't be sold in the first place but that's only my opinion.

the charger was an old Motorola charger from like 5 years ago with a modern plus on it, i'm all fro recycling but when there is a loose connection that won't charge your phone, that's a problem and when the battery has wear on the sides making it look like its been used before...grrr...kind of takes this whole rating down some notches, and at the moment the power button is having lock/unlock issues, it will turn the phone on, but even when I set the screen to sleep for 10 minutes, it still turns off in 1 minute AND the unlock button won't take it out of sleep, AHHH I'M SO FRUSTRATED

Ordered for my wife.  She had one previously and she loved it.  However, that was when we were on the Verizon arm, leg, and take your first born plan.  We have then switched to Straight Talk.  Thought we could use this one on their BYOP, but were shot down.  They advised they can only support AT&T 4g LTE phones.  So we have to find another.  Other than that, it's a nice phone for a great price.

Phone was as described, in perfect shape except nicks around edges, good price, fast shipping. Phone works great. Very happy with it.

The phone was a piece and Verizon had to actually send me out a replacement since this one sucked. I don't know if the company knows what refurbishing a phone actually means. For one the phone should work like normal, not have a lot of white crap around the whole back when you pull the battery out, or look like someone just dropped it in white paint. I seriously wouldn't pay for this or waste my time.

The phones were supposed to be brand new, and one of the ones I received had a charge port that was bad. It had debris and was starting to rust out on the inside of it. My fianc&eacute; needed a phone desperately so he's too stubborn to let me send it back, but it takes his phone an entire day to charge after cleaning out the charge port just enough to even get it to charge. The phones die extremely quickly also. Other than that, they'll do I suppose at least until the fianc&eacute; and I are due for upgrades.

Let me start off by saying i switched from an enV touch to this phone so this is my first smart phone. This phone blows why? well here is a list of why this phone blows.1) 100000 of verizon apps come pre-installed on this phone, no way of getting them off of it.2) Signal problems, I would lose my 4g lte and any other signal regardless if i was standing next to the signal tower. Sometimes its so bad you have to restart your phone to fix it and even then it does not work sometimes.3) Did i mention restart the phone? because sometimes it does it for you, even you are not holding it.4) OK update came out fixed like 1 of the 100 issues the phone is having...that update is the ISC (Ice cream Sandwich)5) Thanks to the ICS i now get white noise when i listen to music through my headphones.6) Wonna play your music out-loud? or watch a youtube video and able to hear the sound at the same time? Good luck with that sometimes there is no volume and you have to restart your phone for that.7) O and did I mention the 100 more apps that came with the ICS update? well it did you have an app called google play (fancy word for app store) well verizon felt left out and gave you their own app store o and by the way you cant uninstall any of em.8) O yea almost forgot when you switch screens around, (now this is happening a lot to me) your screen would freeze in the function as if you are switching it back and forth and it will go automatically back and forth but not all the way (idk how else to explain this) so if you hit the power button to close the screen out you have a 40-60% chance of fixing it.9) O yes almost forgot it is a Motorola so your updates will be delayed like 3 to 4 extra months just because you went with a Motorola.BOTTOM LINE......THIS PHONE IS A MAJOR PIECE OF S*** not gonna sugar coat it I paid 300 solid dollars of my own hard earned cash on this trash and frankly I am very very very DISAPPOINTED!!!! if you are going to buy a smart phone go with something else other than a Motorola s***.

It is my first smartphone.  Very user friendly.  I've had it for about a month now, no complaints.  Battery lasts enough for me.

If you are used to the Droid line of phones, then this will be another great phone from Motorola.Large screen, powerful processor and lots of memory gives this device everything it needs for you to work and play, almost all day. It can run almost any application. And the Webtop is a cool option if you need periodic desktop ability.Front facing camera is great for video conference, and it is a durable device.Like most of the phones nowdays, its battery will last all day, if you do basic functions like texting, email and calling. Extended use wears it down quicker, but nothing you wouldnt expect if you are used to current smartphones.Great device, and I dont see the need to upgrade anytime soon.

Battery life is horrible i get random notification. It is no worth the money I paid for it at all!

So far this phone has exceeded our expectations.  Works well,  is fast, and seems well designed.  It also is an excellent mobile hot spot though if you use it as such you better plug it in. .  Only thing I would like improve would be a longer battery life though part of my issue is due to my using it as a hot spot so much.

Even though the product is two revisions old, it performs well as a replacement until my contract is up for renewal and eligible for an upgrade.

I bought this phone after dropping mine old Droid Bionic into a pool.  I absolutely love this phone.  I would recommend it to anyone, beside the bulkiness of it, it is fantastic.

I bought this to replace my 2 year old Razr, that was slowing down and freezing some.  It's basically the same phone but some of the functions are totally different.  I really miss swype but the voice texting is so much better on this phone.  I can read the screen much better on the Bionic than the Razr.  I also purchased the Motorola Standard Dock with Rapid Wall Charger for DROID BIONIC and it's amazing with the extra functions that it brings.  IMPORTANT: If you're thinking about buying this phone, make sure you purchase the SIM card that matches the service you have.  They're cheaper here on Amazon than if you have to go to Verizon to get one.  THIS PHONE WILL NOT WORK WITHOUT A SIM CARD...IT DOES NOT COME WITH THIS PURCHASE.  Order it at the same time you order the phone or you will have to wait to get one from here or pay $20 + tax to Verizon! If you already have a SIM card, just make sure it's the larger one.  The phone is new condition and arrived when promised.  I absolutely love it!

I am happy this phone is NO LONGER AVAILABLE! Wish i would of been so lucky to have miss my opportunity to be so disgusted. Within the first week of purchasing this phone it got soo HOTT I could not put it up to my ear. A month later the headset speaker blew out. Then only way I could use the phone to hear the callers was via speaker phone or a blue tooth device. The phone freezes ALL THE TIME. It give an error message on just about everything you attempt to access saying &#34;??&#34;is not responding.It stopped responding when I was using the navigation in the middle of nowhere and I could not get it back to responding for the next 15 mins literally. It takes me 2 mins to place a call because that is the lag time for it to respond a lot of times. I have never in my life been so disappointed in Motorola. This is the end of our relationship  not because of just this actual device. But because anyone I know who owns it has had the same experience. Also some of the glitches right off the back were the same as I experienced with my Droid 2 as well. They have definitely fell off!

I was with Sprint for years. I had the Motorola photon. I was in love with my photon. My contact expired, now I'm with Verizon and having Droid bionic I'm not impressed. I do like certain features, keeping up with my bill, mins I've used.But that is the cell phone provider part. I do miss my photon allot, but I don't miss Sprint. Bionic doesn't have the camera click on the side either. Picture taking sucks. I hope to up grade asap. But I gave it 3 stars because it reminds me of my photon.

I'm not a Techno type and don't need the latest and greatest smart phone. This unit works very well for my needs and I am very pleased!

Had to buy cause broke the exact same phone. Functional, workable even with lags and glitches because its an older version of the Droid

Speaking as someone who had the phone for a full two and a half-ish years, and is now about to replace this phone, I would say that at this point in time with the phone being as old as it is (as of early 2014), this isn't what you're looking for. That said, it was a decent phone in the beginning, completing the basic android tasks you would expect in an OK manner. Obviously, as the phone grew older, it slowed down. I have to ding this phone some stars though, because this phone slowed down annoyingly quickly, and got pretty bad as the 2 year mark neared, and is now definitely a sub-par device. I don't see a situation where even a brand new version phone would be a good choice to buy anymore, even for basic users.

Like any other person, place, or thing nothing is perfect but the phone works fine. That's why I give it a 3 star.

On the Popular Themes in other people's Negatives* Perma-Installed Bloatware apps were obnoxious. But I tucked them away into a "BS Apps" folder and had completely forgotten about them.* Media issues - I don't watch a ton of videos or listen to mp3s on my smartphones so I can't really comment on that. I'm more of a gamer/reader. That said battery life is just barely adequate by my standards. By which I mean if I forget to charge it one night, odds are good I'll run out of juice the next day (which is why I keep a second charger at the office). Fortunately you can buy an after-market OEM battery that drastically increases life on this phone, which I'm sure would not be adequate if you were spending hours a day watching videos on it and only wanted to plug it in at night.* Connectivity issues - Verizon's 4G network was new when this thing first came out. 4G outages are well-documented by the internet. I frequently see less than 4 bars on this thing but I'm not sure I would expect more of any phone in Chicago and it gets its most frequent use on the El, which is a moving metal box that's probably throwing a lot more EM interference out there than I'd like to think about.* General quirks/bugs - I got this phone a year after it came out. A lot of the stuff that other people are complaining about aren't things that I experienced so either I'm not fussy enough or they were just resolved by the time I got my hands on the phone which I've been using since spring 2012-ish I believe. I think I kind of liked the previous version of android better than ICS but it hasn't impacted the phone's ability in any way and the transition went smoothly for me.My Experience:* 2 Years-ish after its release, it's still a powerful, well-made phone compared to low to mid-tier stuff you'll pay as much for at the subsidized contract-binding prices.* It's not designed with a disposable mentality - It has a removable battery, mini-SD and SIM cards. All 3 fit very snugly in the phone and are easily accessible. Don't pay extra for the larger capacity if it's cheaper to just buy a larger mini-sd card.* It's known for being highly hackable. I'm a programmer but definitely not a mobile hardware/OS guru and it only took me a few minutes to unlock following instructions (and no, it doesn't require writing any code and sadly no whooshing screens of green ones and zeroes). I'm also expecting (with a bit more trial/error effort) to be able to move it to t-mobile's 4G LTE service once they've done their upgrade here in Chicago.* It appears to have been designed to be considerably more global than Verizon would probably like. It has a SIM card. It's quad band so you can move it to a lot of other services if you're not afraid of doing some very simple hacks (but do your research - 4G requires LTE at 1900Mhz)* The hotspot broadcast seems very powerful compared to my old Droid 2 and it beats the pants off of my wife's Samsung Stratosphere (which to be fair, is bordering on useless).* Build quality has been strong for me. I carry it loose, without a protective cover in a pocket that is often full of change/sometimes keys when I forget to put them in the other pocket. No scratches on the screen. The rubberized backing is still firm. Just nicks and chips on the front frame. I've dropped it occasionally. It is lightyears ahead of the old Droid 2 in terms of durability/reliability. I have no idea how you could see this thing as "bulky" but I grew up on an Atari 800 so maybe my perspective on the current state of portable electronics is a bit skewed.* I really just like the overall design of this thing. It feels simple and light like an NES controller but the screen doesn't disappoint and I've actually enjoyed the experience of a flawless video skype conversation in a moving car near Seattle where the latency is no doubt, much, much better than it is in Chicago. The hardware has also powered through the one 3D game I've played (Great Little Wargame - which to be fair is hardly Crysis on a cell phone but it is technically 3D) without a hitch. Tethering and hotspot have been very useful.Negatives From My Experience:* You'll probably want to upgrade the battery. Considering the number of times I've let it go completely dry, the battery has held up well but it didn't hold a super-long charge in the first place. As I said, it's just barely good enough for me but I'm not hugely demanding. I just like the power there when I need it.* Verizon. Generally good reception/service but what you pay for is hugely inflated and their profit model seems to depend on overages or they would just offer unlimited with a soft-cap. They claim they had to ditch unlimited because it would be too taxing on their network but that's complete BS or they're exaggerating the state of emergency since the lowest tier of their new data plan wouldn't have cost more than the previous unlimited one, offering no incentive to customers to ditch it. Fortunately this phone wasn't meant to be as caged in as they tried to make it (sadly you'll never be able to ditch the bloatware due the bootloaders being unhackable to date and ICS might be the last OS you'll see on this thing as you'll depend on Motorola for updates). I also deeply resent them for charging me extra to not turn off the hotspot functionality, which is a feature built into the phone, not something they have to have gerbils turning a wheel somewhere to make it happen. Not that that's not easily reversed by rooting the phone so you can at least control basic hardware features (they're also no longer allowed to do this because yes, it's shady but they still do it if you're holding on to the older plan). So I'm at 250/month so I can maintain my grandfathered unlimited plan (but can't change my wife's old plan to the newer more affordable one or I'd lose mine). As far as I'm concerned they are hostile to the consumer and am looking forward to giving somebody else half as much money and also being able to give AT&T; the boot since I won't have to sweat overages. That will save me a couple grand a year so yes, I'll pay the 4-500ish in penalties the second t-mobile gets LTE up in Chicago.Note to Verizon: When you rip off your customer and constantly push them into a corner with overly complicated/convoluted plans designed to hide the details of how you are screwing them, we don't forget that. Every overage, the  nickling and diming for every little feature, many of which were simply switches in the hardware rather than things your company actually expended effort providing, and the generally hostile stance you've taken towards your consumer leave burn marks. !@#$ the coverage. I'll get a temporary phone when travelling if I have to. I don't care if you turn around and offer unlocked phones with zero-contract unlimited-everything at 75% of what t-mobile is asking tomorrow. I'm not coming back until I know there's been a massive change in management because the folks who made these decision are shady SOBs.Who Might Want to Get This Phone:If you're not pissed off enough at Verizon's latest plans such that it doesn't seem worth paying the contract penalty fees and want to upgrade your low to mid-tier phone without extending the contract, I seriously doubt you could do better than what I'm seeing this phone offered for unsubsidized. The prices on these phones are severely inflated and mobile technology advancement has slowed enough that a powerful phone two years ago is still pretty damn good today. Also, the phone provides a decent exit strategy by being other-service friendly if you can  hack it, but if you're going that route you might want to consider a Nexus 4 which is completely and truly unlocked with zero bloatware. Sadly you have to hack Nexus 4 to get the fully armed and operational LTE on the phone (why is the entire mobile-industry so full of BS?).

I have only had this phone for less then 3 weeks, and I have problems already.  I bought it new only due to my carlessness dropping my Galexy & did not want to spend $700 on a phone since I still have 1 year left to go with verizon.  When I took it to the store to have it set up I had some (ok) reviews.  I still decided to keep it since it was cheap $109 for the &#34;new&#34; one (hoping that is what I got) but I noticed the screen has froze several times already, and when I  hit the button to turn it on I get no response so the only way to get it back on was to remove the battery, and put it back in then turn it on.  I'm not sure with issues this soon into the ownership of this phone would I give it a thumbs up.

They advertise that this phone does not require a contract, after receiving the phone we tried to have it activated through verizon prepaid and they would not.  I sent the phone back because of it and they charged us a $20 re stock fee.  These people are in my opinion crooks trying to make their money from false advertising!  I will never do business with this company again!

This is the worst moto droid phone to date. I had the gen 1 droid at release and upgraded it to bionic when it came out. The droid 1 outperforms bionic as far as connectivity goes. Yes it may have been much slower than the bionic, but if I wanted a fast device that is only useful on wifi connections, I would have purchased something like a galaxy tab. While this phone is VERY powerful, it became completely useless after a few days. I agree with the other 1-star reviewers, so there is no point in reiterating all of the example shortcomings. Do NOT purchase this phone. Get something else until they decide to fix it. Follow the online discussions about ice cream sandwich and the data connectivity issue.As a side note, there are no extended battery friendly cases with rubber corners and this phone absolutely requires an extended battery if you are always out and about. In fact, there is only one case that you can get from the cellular stores that carry this phone. It is a hard case, which is better than nothing. Without a good case, you will drop the phone and destroy the screen if it lands on the corner, which they always do.I am a very patient consumer and I've waited a long time for moto to fix this phone, but I am in a pager rotation now and this phone will get me in trouble. My 1 star is as much a vendor review as it is a device review. Only when the issues are resolved will I upgrade to 5 stars.

I was unable to logon to facebook, or receive email attachments. Other than that, I really like the phone, especially the size.

This phone has far exceeded what was expected and the company it was purchased from was excellent. I will definitely look for them for future purchases.

I broke the screen on my Bionic and tried buying refurbished, but that was a Nightmare!!!  3 Phones later and none of them worked properly!  I Finally found this one for Maybe $50.00 more and was Brand new!!!  Love Love Love it!!!!!

I have no idea why anyone is rating this Phone well.  It is a complete piece of junk !  Why do you think it went out of production so quickly.  I am now replacing my 4th one of these...the others were still under warranty...but I had to but this one cause is was 3 days out.  I only got it cause I have all the accessories for it.Hpefully it will last till my contract expires in May 1013.  Every time this phone has failed it was because I was trying to use the mobile hotspot feature...it overheats and basically commits suicide if you do not remove the case.  It also has untold reception problems.  3g barely...sometimes...forget the 4g thing...its just a logo on the case.  Do yourself a favor...if you have to have a Droid...get a Samsung...If not...get a i-phone.I have one of these for work..its a champ.  By the way..do not buy anything from  Buzztronics USA.  This shipper is so slow...you might as well go to China and build your own phone.  I ordered it almost 2 weeks ago..still no phone.  The droid phone and these guys deserve each other....Mark in AZ.

but it has had its little quirks. Now, part of that is my service provider, Verizon, forcing software updates that are not always welcome. As to the phone itself, is has had a few freeze problems, and the ringer mysteriously goes out of commission, from time to time. But, if you don't want to go all the way w/ the Razr, then this Bionic is quite a good phone. Recommend.

Phone worked great up until this morning when my whole screen fell out! I have just sent a request for a new phone.

The phone was not advertised as refurbished but it obviously is. I'm already having issues with the phone not working correctly.

It works well, though there were still some pics and vids still on it, but I was able to get them off.

These are brand new/old phones and are a great deal because 1. You can replace the battery with a high capacity unit 2. You can buy a nav/charging dock for 15 bucks on Amazon. 3. You can easily swap the simm cards. 4. These things are rugged. I use them for off-road Gps units on my rental units and have never had one fail.

Ugh. I hate used electronics and this phone is why. The screen flashed and the apps constantly crash, the lag is so terrible I had to go back to my windows phone within like 8 months.But! The phone itself (forgetting the issues from mine being used) is WONDERFUL. It's a great size, the buttons on the bottom were a nice thing, and although it looks like pretty much every other droid made, I loved it when it worked.If I could go back, I probably would have gotten a different phone from a different seller or used my 30 day return thing, but I still use the phone for wifi purposes and it doesn't phantom open apps as often as it used to just to crash them and make me have to take out the battery.Phone great, just be careful about buying it used and read the description to make sure they have return policies in case you get one like me, and don't be like me, actually return it if it's not acting right.

Received the phone fast, exactly as described new in the box, excellent seller. Easy to get up and running as an existing Verizon customer. Phone is good for the price, the touchscreen can be fussy and the reception indoors a little spotty but all in all satisfied with the purchase.

Only worked a few weeks before it died.  Don't by used phones, you never get your monies worth.  Phone ok while it worked.

I decided to cheap out and get the Motorola Droid Bionic instead of an iPhone.  Now I learned that was a terrible decision.  I bought a 32 GB SD card (the max this phone allows) and copied music over to it from my Mac computer.  It took awhile but eventually everything copied.  It took a couple hours for the phone's music player to find all the songs but I was fine with that.  Quite a bit of time passed and I wanted to change the songs on the phone.  I downloaded doubleTwist (the Mac version at least is poorly designed and barely functional) in order to sync my iTunes playlist with my phone instead of manually adding songs (since I have more than 32 GB of music).  The songs copied over and I could play the music in the doubleTwist app on the phone, but none of the other music players could see the new songs.  For the next two days, my battery (which normally lasts 3-5 days when I use the phone as a media player only) lasted an average of 4 hours while it did nothing but serve as my clock.  I looked under battery usage and found out that it was trying to sync the media with the other programs and therefore was consuming most the battery.  I searched online for a solution and discovered this is a very common problem.  10 hours ago, I initiated an Android update to see if that would fix it (since time has not).  I've been waiting 10 hours so far with a screen that says "Upgrading Media database).  Online I read this is also a very common problem and if I were to pull out my SD card or battery, I could cause my phone to be unusable without a complete factory reset.  I'm going to wait it out because fortunately all I am losing is my media player right now.  Maybe it will take a day, maybe two, maybe three, I don't know.  All I have to say is, though, that I wish I would have just got an iPhone because if nothing else, Apple has got media playing and music syncing down to a science.  Android still has a long ways to go.UPDATE:  Finally found a way to make the phone discover the music again (got the solution on Motorola's forum).  I am still pretty wary of ever trying to update the music or videos on my phone and would be worried about swapping SD cards to view different content, but at least the phone is functional again.  Bumped to 2 stars since Motorola provided a fix.  Still missing 3 stars because the music sync is a MAJOR problem with this device.  I plan on keeping the same songs on the phone for a long time now...

It is a good phone I like it . It got a lot of function that I really like it

This phone is no more smart than a basic child's phone. Save yourself the time and money and don't bother. Not only does it have an extremely slow processor but also can't take a decent picture to save its salt. Christmas present wasn't worth the effort.

I bought this phone to replace my HTC Thunderbolt, mid-contract with Verizon.  The sim card is identical, so there is no need to go to verizon and have it transferred, I just put it in my new phone.  As for the phone, I bought it in &#34;good condition, 7/10) which I was nervous about at first.  When it arrived (7 days with free shipping), it looked as though it had never been used.  This phone is leaps and bounds better than my Thunderbolt, and has much better reception.  When my contract is up, I may just keep it anyway until it finally gives out.

I had gotten this phone when I 1st switched to Verizon. I had the phone for about 2 months before it started to cr*p out on me. First, the speakers started going out and I had to turn off the phone then turn it back on to get them working. Called Verizon and they quickly sent me a new one.... Then the 2nd phone (maybe 4 months old at this point) started doing the same thing again plus I would loss my 4G or it would get stuck and would have to (again restart the phone) plus it would not switch from WiFi to 3G/4G. I would have to do it manually. So I called Verizon back and they replaced it again for me... Had that phone less then one month and it again stated having issues with the connection to 4G and the speakers cutting out on me. That was the 3rd phone! What happened to third times a charm thing? I told Verizon that I was done playing and that I wanted to switch models, but they insisted I try it one more time and if it still had problems they then would upgrade me to a different model. I went along with it hopping that it would work. This was my 4th and final try, but yet again I had no luck with this phone! When I called back they switched me out to a Droid Razor. One thing I though extremely annoying was that the Verizon attendant had told me that they have been having a lot of problems with this model all across the board... >_> Thanks!Do not get this phone! My husband had to switch his phone(we had the same model) out 3 times before they gave us both new ones. Total of 7(SEVEN!!!) of these phones past through our doors. Good riddance! What a waist of time and money! But I do have to say Verizon was good about getting us taken care of..... Each and every time I was made to call them..... o.O

More scratches then I thought it would but it was for my boyfriend. So no biggie to me.  Would recommend a Samsung galaxy

Had many flaws not mentioned in description most of which required full disassembly to fix or replace parts. Could have saved the hassle if i knew what was wrong to start with

Amazon fulfillment fraudulently sold me a refurbished unit as &#34;new.&#34; I discovered this 6 months later when calling tech support at Verizon.  Although Amazon has offered a full refund, consumers should know that there is a good chance that you are being lied to and sold refurbished units as new... State and federal trade commissions received a complaint of fraud today in association with this. when you register this phone with your provider they can tell you if the FCC ID has been registered with them and confirm IF your phone is really a new phone, or a cheap refurbished piece of junk they are selling to you fraudulently.

I dont know why there are so many negative reviews on this phone. Sure it is a hit and miss just like ANY phone or electronic device you get. Sometimes some have issues.Ive had this phone since release, so about 1 year 5+ months. I have yet to have a single issue with it. Sure battery life isnt the greatest but I still get a good 8-12 hours even when using my phone constantly (Reddit, FB, High graphic Games). I dont care what phone youre using, but the battery life isnt going to be any better unless you purchase some sort of battery extender.About 3 months ago my phone did start getting sluggish but it was because I had OVER 250 apps on my phone. So I did a format and started over, and everything is running great again. Im somewhere around 100-150 apps and it works great.The phone was pulled from the line not because of it not being any good but because they had some setbacks with update issues. They couldnt get the update out in time and everyone(even myself) was complaining about it. They pulled it off the shelf then as they were probably trying to avoid more angry customers. However, now it has gotten updates and continues to do so, so that isnt an issue.I still consider this phone a top of the line Android phone and its definitely better than any iPhone ive played with (except maybe the 5 as that was released a year alter and high much higher processing power).The phone also seems to be pretty sturdy, but like most phones, it all depends on how its treated. Ive dropped it form a good 3-4ft off the ground straight onto concrete. I guess ive got lucky where its landed so far beause no cracked screen yet. Also the glass itself works great as I dont have a screen protector and only have a couple MINOR(cant see unless tilting it in light)scratches on it.Yes this phone is behind newer phones, but that should be expect for a phone that is 1.5yrs old. I definitely recommend a Bionic if you dont need a quad-core processing phone.

This phone is the best Smart Phone I have ever had! Fast, smooth and all around GREAT! I have not had any problems with it what so ever and I have had it for over 2yrs... I am passed due for my upgrade simply because I don't want to change phones! The last update to jelly bean was awesome, Love it!

Got this as a &#34;cheap&#34; temporary replacement for my (stolen) Note2 .  Had a DroidX before that and didn't much care for Motorola's UI.  The Bionic freezes quite often and has a short battery life

Well, this is a great looking cell phone, However it would have been nice to know that it did not com with a 4G LTE  Sim card in order for the phone to work, Maybe i didn't read the details correct or something, but i swear i did not see anything about a sim card!Other than that I give this phone a very good reveiw.... J Brill

For getting a used phone it is in very good condition, especially for the price. The phone was also like super-man bubble wrapped to protect it, which I appreciate. It's just like a brand new phone. :) I will be checking out phones from this seller if I ever need another phone.

I bought a cellphone for my father for his Father's Day gift and was sold a phone that was reported lost or stolen. The Verizon dealer was able to activate the phone as it had been long enough that he didn't have to confiscate the phone. Then come to find out that the phone had been flashed, the dealer was able to fix that as well. Overall, I am not happy with the seller and will not use them again

Got this phone for my son...he loved it. Works great and was easy to activate and use. And i get to keep my phone pman without a contract.

These are proven reliable, versatile devices. May be old/ outdated but still takes and gives a beating. I love bionics.

I love the phone and it was exactly as described. Just be aware that you cannot do anything with this phone without a sim card, and the Bionic takes a sim card that is bigger than usual for verizon. I had to go back and order a sim card before I could activate my phone. But other than that, it is deff worth what I paid, and a very good phone!

Updated review: previously I noted having a very poor battery life with this phone but have been told by Verizon a capacitor is bad so I have requested a replacement from the seller, Increased Mobility.  Will update when the replacement arrives.I bought this phone to replace one mid-contract with Verizon. Nice phone but the battery life is awful! I made sure the battery received with the phone was new and bought a new 'back up' battery as well. With the same apps running as my other Motorola phone this battery will go from 100% to 30% in about three hours.

This droid bionic is one of the best smartphones that I've used, i know its a couple years old but it has great features, and plus it responds fast and well. The phone is still in great shape being used,  just very minor scratches as descriptions says. The only reason its not a 5 star is because battery looks old, but you can't see the battery with it being covered only if you have to remove the back cover. I would give it 4.5 star if it would let me do 1/2 star. The phone was delivered faster than I expected.

Love this phone....I bought used from vendor and its worked without any issues for a couple of months now.....Recommended for those who dont want to pay top dollar for a new one.

This phone has the WORST Camera ever! If you want to use instagram, twitter, pinterest, facebook or any other of these mobile services to post fun photos of your activities, I do not recommend this phone. The picture quality is grainy with faded colors using indoor lighting or low lighting, and the "front facing camera" is even worse, pictures come out grainy no matter what the lighting. I had an Envy before this and the Envy from 4 years ago had better picture quality! I was very disappointed by the camera on this phone and can't wait for my new upgrade.Besides the terrible camera, it's a solid phone that's easy to use, I've never had any functionality problems or glitches and I've used this phone for 2 years now. It plays all the popular games like Angry Birds, Candy Crush, Farmville, etc. I can't count how many times I've dropped this phone and the back came off/battery popped out but I put it back together and it worked just fine. It even fell out of a moving car and still worked. I've gotten it wet a few times (rain, spilled coffee, etc.) and it pulled through. Very dependable phone with a horrible camera. (Since I mainly got a smartphone so I could use Instagram and Twitter, that killed it for me.)I've perused some other reviews on here and it sounds like people are reviewing an entirely different phone. The battery life is fine for a Smartphone though I usually charge my phone at night (like a sane person.) You get MUCH longer battery life if you lower the screen brightness. I'd say my battery usually lasts about 36 hours, longer if the screen is on low brightness.Volume for earphones is more than acceptable and depending on the earphones/quality of .mp3 it can get very loud.

Purchased phone as gift for my wife. Phone was advertised as a package to include an Otterbox case, but was not shipped that way. Phone was "fulfilled by" not "sold by" Amazon. Amazon customer service offered a partial refund to cover the purchase of the same case. Phone was as advertised and once activated on Verizon, was able to update to the latest OS. I think the OS update has improved the power management and operation of this phone. My wife is a 'power user' and has had no complaints after putting it to the test the past month. Great phone and great Amazon customer service.

My husband bought this phone a week or so ago, and he loves it, so far so good!! great phone for the price

Hey guys, im planning to buy this phone and have it flashed to cricket does anyone know if that is possible?

Delivered in perfect working order and has performed better than the one that I had but needed to replace.  No complaints at all.

As of this writing I have this contracted with Verizon. As a piece of hardware, my phone is fine. The battery works well despite the it's the original going on two years. There are no flash memory problems or SD card problems. Camera takes really nice pictures, and the video comes out as well as a mobile video can come out. The headphone port allows my music to be played via the cassette adapter in my car thus negating the need for an MP3 player.When it comes to OS' though, it's a pain. I've seen no less than three major Android software updates on my phone. Each time, it's as if I had to retrain myself on how to use my phone. The home page would be configured differently, the settings are different, and the main app pages all turn out different. Worse yet with this latest software update, none of the MP3 ringtones can work as alarms, only the pre-installed Verizon tones work.Since the review is for the hardware, I give it mainly a positive score because the innards are solid and reliable. Just be careful about being 'comfortable' with the phone before the mandatory software updates come in.

I really love this phone!!! And I was expecting the phone to have some signs of a little wear and tear. But it looked brand new!!!!!!!

The Vendor called &#34;Applewireless&#34; is advertising the Droid Bionic as NEW However they are NOT!1st off the package was open on arrival at my home it was in a red verizon box which it shouldnt have been in, It should have been in a black Motorola DROID box. The  battery inside the phone  was some un namebrand battery. The  charger was not authentic. It wouldnt even charge the phone. Plus i went to verizon corporate and they looked at the phone and said the manufacture seal had been tampered and replaced with a fake seal.Luckily one of the employees had a bionic and showed me the difference. Plus the phone had been opened up. via the screws. I was so astonished the seller would do this IT IS CONSUMER FRAUD. I feel so sorry for all the people that leave  5 star reviews on the seller feedback because they are unaware what the phone is supposed to include, But hey dont take my word for it just look at the 1 star reviews and you'll see the vendor &#34;Applewireless&#34; a few times. But I Believe in KARMA What goes around Comes Around.

I got the droid bionic thinking it would be good and when I got it sent to me it was a horrible choice there was something wrong with the inside that would mess with the screen and make it jump everywhere also 4 keys on the keyboard would not work so I sent a email to the company that sold it to me and for the warranty and they never replied back so I got stuck with a piece of junk so DO NOT BUY

Although not purchased through Amazon I want to still review this phone. I'm on my third Bionic HW Rev B (due strictly to my brutal treatment so this is not a negative ding against Moto). Living in a solid 4G environment I can say this phone works great. It takes excellent pictures and any Android app I loaded on it worked as advertised without any issues. I did upgrade to the Extended battery wich has helped tremendously with usage time.

The phone arrived within 2 days in new condition.  Then model is about a couple of years old, but fully 4G LTE compatible.  Verizon provided a SIM card free of charge and the phone has been functional perfectly since I purchased a month ago.  Battery lasts about 2 days with Bluetooth and Wi-FI enabled.

I had to send for a replacement because the phone stopped being able to make or receive phone calls. Sorry but that's ridiculous.

I lost my galaxy S3, so this was strictly a cheap replacement. Seller was accurate in description. No issues with the phone, better reception than my S3. I do recommend an extended battery for this, as I am not using it constantly yet battery won't last a full day.

Fine for the price. Show at times, Great second phone. When my contract is up will probably get an I Phone

I got this as a gift for my son, and he loves it..It arrived earlier than expected, and was easy to get activated!

Has lots of quirks wrong with the phone but its ok. not sure if its just the bionic or problems it got with the remanufacturing.

dont like this phone at all phone dies to quick and it freezes it cuts off i will not purchase again

sad to say i really loved the phone- it was great and had everything i needed. but when i got the phone and went to activate it, the clerks and the manager told me that the phone was not new and was still locked into someone elses account and possibly stolen. such a disappointment.

Although the listing says 100% functional, a SIM card was not included. I passed over less expensive offerings of the same phone because they said they did not include a SIM card.

The phone was in excellant condition and met my expectations and works fine. It replaced a phone I had that was the same model.

Phone was new, perfect shape. Battery could be better. Didn't come with a sim card, but Verizon store gave me one.

This phone can't handle ANY updates for the OS. It can barely cope with sending text messages (freezes and lags) and dealing with calls (struggles with calling out). That's with the bare bone apps it came with (which I didn't use). Using the camera also causes the phone to crash. I'm going to have to get a new phone since it won't come out of the droid logo screen after trying to boot it in recovery mode. Verizon may have done this on purpose, so you'll have to get the newer phone with contracts through them, like Sprint did with the unveiling of the new iOS for the iPhone last year.

Coming from a Rezound the Bionic is inferior in almost every way. Earphone volume does not get loud enough. Speaker volume is off the hook loud. Battery life is horrible. Makes the Rezound look downright good in comparison. Pretty much the Bionic has to be plugged in all the time. Cheap feeling phone. One of the charger prongs fell out. I pushed it back in. Mini usb plug on the charger bent with no abuse. Probably because it was always plugged in. Had to occasionally pull the SIM card to reset the phone connection. A minor detail are the cartoon character icons. I can live with that if everything else works good. Far and away the best things about the phone are the screen and the texting program. Both were better than the Rezound. Can't wait to not own this phone.I've since found out that the "new" phone I had purchased had been used before. Looked new, shrink wrapped, packaging.. So with that information I'm upgrading to three stars.

I'm giving this review one star because you need to be aware that some sellers are sending Refurbished phones as new ones. Amazon has a category for Refurbished however many are not using it and if your read enough reviews here you'll see many buyers are having this same problem. The Motorola Bionic is a great phone and I have had two of them over more than three years. I love 'em enough that I wanted another one after a dip in the lake messed up the last one. I highly recommend them over any Iphone. I decided to try the refurbished phone anyway and it had issues from the start. Callers or recipients couldn't hear me yet I could hear them. The second day it became a text only device but the internet worked great! The seller I bought from was Barnyard Wireless and FYI they offered $10 additional refund if I would remove their negative feedback. It's your call if you can trust this seller. I also contacted Applewireless by amazon message system and after four messages back and forth, they would not answer if their phone was actually new or refurbished. It was almost as if they where not understanding the language, Go figure. This phone came in a &#34;sealed box&#34;, listed as &#34;New&#34;  however it was a blue box, not the standard Black box shown in the listing picture. New Droid Bionic phones I have bought in the past always came in a black box like shown. Please rate my review so other can read this and proceed  with caution. Thanks DS

I purchased the droid bionic as &#34;NEW&#34; not used. Appon receiving my phone it was in a Verizon refurbished box with refurbished stickers and refurbished sharpie marks on items replaced. I paid for a NEW un-open driod bionic what I got was a used refurbished one. Very sad and pretty upset.

Battery life is not great but not sure if is the original battery because it was refurbished... Will not be using WebDealz again-claimed they send a desktop charger and wall charger but the wall charger does not work and their was no desktop charger included. The phone back also does not fit correctly. Also had to buy an separate sim card but for $130 it sounded to good to be true. Just hope it lasts more than a few months...

I had my droid bionic stolen.  I didn't want a latest, greatest.  When I've exhausted what this phone will do, I'll upgrade.  I find this phone easy to use (user interface suits me well).  I'm a cell phone dummy, and &#34;with a little help from my friends,&#34; and my students, I can do anything I need to on this phone.  All the app's I need for teaching and my small business run on this device.  I highly recommend this phone.

Verizon says the phone had been reported stolen or lost, and so I cannot trade-in for $100 back.  Don't buy!

THis phone came out right before the Razr. I don't know why Motorola did that but this hurt the popularity of the Bionic. The Bionic is a great phone. fast, smooth and does everything I could want it to do. The pone has many nice features like HDMI Mirror mode, which I use a lot. Another great feature it the webtop app which turns your phone into a neat little Netbook or desktop. The battery last about as long as my X did. During heavy daily use I can make it through the work day on a full charge, Charge it up while driving and it's good to go by the time I get home. With average use it last me all day. The screen is nice, It's not AMOLED nice but it does have a great image. 4.0 "Ice Cream Sandwich" Will be added to this phone in the upcoming months and make this phone that much nicer. The only Issue I have is it takes what seams like forever to change from 4G to 3G leaving me network-less. Manualy changing the settings will speed this up but is a annoying none the less, hopefully The upcoming 4.0 update will fix this. After owning this phone and having personal experience with the Razr I can say in my honest opinion - The Bionic is basically the same as the Razr minus the super thin kevlar case. Sure there are better phones out now but if your looking for a decent, fast phone that still has some life in it, the Bionic is a great choice.

This advertised phone is actually a Droid Razr. I have had a Bionic and so I ordered this for my teenage daughter. It is a larger phone, fast processor, and looks good. It came new (again thanks Amazon for sending me a brand new one when I ordered a used one). It takes AMAZING photos, has front and back cameras, great for teenagers or a kid that wants a phone to play games on. It is slightly rugged, but I wouldn't treat it as such. My daughter dropped it a bunch of times (it didn't break) so I got her a case for it. We have upgraded to Samsung Galaxy Notes and my 11 year old now owns this phone. It takes the mini SIM card as well and is STRICTLY a Verizon phone. It can be changed over to a prepaid as well, which is something I highly suggest that you do if you have younger kids that want a cool phone. This is perfect entry-level phone or a filler phone until you upgrade.

I BUY TWO PHONES ON AMAZON, THE BANK CHARGE ME MY MONEY, AND YOU SAY THAT MY TRANSACTION WAS NOT PROCESSED. I WANT MY PHONE, OR MY $ 359.80 RETURNED.The bank charged the dollars from my credit card visa 4540422379644433 nr.One were 5 discount from $359.80 on 7/13/30 for the two (02) Motorolla Droid Bionic cell and four discounts accessory dated 08/01/13.They send me emails stating that amazon could not perform the operation with the bank, and actually DID THE OPERATION WAS MADE.Please tell me what happened with my order thanks ...my cellphone number is +584121980302

I bought this phone while waiting for an android phone to come out from Verizon that I'm actually excited about. This was the flagship phone for Verizon's LTE launch a few years back. I have found that it is very responsive and can run most modern games. I was able to root the phone before updating the firmware and the root stayed which was a huge bonus. The phone was used and came with very few scratch marks as it must have been cased by the previous owner. The only quirk I have found and I think I have read about other owners experiencing the same issue is the sim card gets disconnected and which disconnects the phone from data and cell. Frustrating, but I learn to just check the phone every once in a while and when it happens just reboot the phone.

The phone itself is amazing and beautiful. The screen is sufficiently large. I love the Android OS and the 4G is fantastic. I did notice a fast battery drain, but I was using it heavily on the 4G Network in the 4 days I used the phone. I think with wifi usage the battery life would be extended. Unfortunately, I had to return the phone, but I'll update when I receive the next (hopefully functioning) and give it a full test drive. Currently, battery life is the only complaint I have about the phone itself.This phone requires a SIM card. If you're upgrading this phone from 3G to 4G, you'll likely need a new SIM card. Additionally, if you have a global SIM card, you'll also need a new SIM as this phone doesn't support it (which kind of defeats the meaning of the word &#34;global&#34;). We simply took the phone into Verizon, and they gave us a new one no problem and free of charge.However, be warned. What Amazon is labeling as &#34;new&#34; here is actually &#34;refurbished&#34; even though they're two separate categories and price ranges at the top of the page. There is NO way that the &#34;new&#34; phone I received wasn't a refurb. The box was marked up and it didn't look like the boxes I've received when I purchased directly from Verizon in the past. On top of that, the phone wasn't fully functional. Everything about the phone worked great- except that it couldn't make calls, something that I personally believe to be very important in a phone. I could send texts, use data, respond to email, and do literally everything else, but when placing a call I couldn't get past &#34;dialing&#34; and never received a dial tone. Any incoming calls went straight to my voicemail, which I couldn't check since I couldn't make calls. I tried everything to make sure it wasn't a problem on Verizon's end, including taking it to two separate Verizon stores and calling their tech support. In the end it turned out to be a hardware issue. I returned the defunct phone to Amazon and ordered another. I'm hoping for a new, fresh-out-of-the-box fully functional phone soon.

After our 1 year old decided to eat our backup droid X and my wife gave her iphone 4 a bath I needed a quality replacement that I could use on her verizon plan. Since she was not due for an upgrade and she did not have insurance on her phone we had to purchase at retail prices. Which are simply outrageous. Decided to take a gamble on this phone and I was really hesitant to order this phone based on so many bad reviews but it seems ok so far.This phone while not the newest or the best is a solid replacement at a reasonable price. I think people expect too much hence all the bad reviews. Phone came new in box and we did have to go buy a sim from verizon which was another $30 or so but the phone seems to work well and the 4g is nice. She is happy so I am happy.

For the first time I decided to switch a plan to a new smart phone.  The phone that was recently out was the Motorola Droid Bionic.  I went with this phone because it was brand new and it looked very nice.  I was told in the beginning this phone is brand new and sometimes may have issues.  And they were very right.  Since I have had this phone it has deleted contacts, changed my settings, froze numerous times, and created new contacts under the wrong person.  It can be very frustrating at times.  I have had to bring it in once so they could reset it to factory setting because it was not working quite right.  If I had the chance to buy it again I would not do so.  Other than my complaints, it has worked for my everyday usage.  I do use the internet on a day to day basis and it seems to connect mostly all the time quickly and the capacity to hold a great deal of memory is very handy.  I really enjoy the idea of a hand held computer on me all the time.  I do not think I will ever go back to a phone that does not connect to the internet.

I would rate this phone a 0 if I could!!!I bought my Bionic new from Verizon, I've had nothing but problems!! It's been warranty replaced at least 4 times!! 2 of them replaced this week!!All of them got so hot they would burn my face if I carried on a conversation more than 5 minutes!! Really??? Mine went into cool down mode while using gps, I had to remove back and dock it so the AC blew directly on the battery, in order to keep the phone cool!!!They are designed to connect to TV's HDMI to watch movies...haha...don't do it unless you have the dock!! It'll get too hot to touch!!!By the way.... Because the phone drained my batteries,  I carry 4 batteries for this phone!! 2 extended life & 2 regular batteries!!

I got this phone about 3 weeks ago. There were shipping errors at first, after a quick call phone call about the shipping errors amazon and Mango were nice enough to put the phone in overnight shipping and didn't charge me for it. However with this being a refurbished phone I expected SOME slowly, however, the phones problems have become more and more apparent... The Battery has begun dying within an hour of being fully charged and once I plug it in it says it's at 50% (this is the most recent problem and I'll be contacting the companies about this shortly), I'll have the phone settings a certain way and they're constantly resetting themselves, I'm honestly kind of upset with the performance.

was. new  works great glad I bought it. helpful to be able to get new phone my son goes thru them like crazy.

Have major in call volume problems, other than that phone works great, super fast, got an extended battery for it

I received this phone and it would not turn on from the seller.  The battery was not new and would not hold a charge.  I had to return this item and no replacement was available so the representative suggested purchasing a new one.  3 phone purchase and still no phone.

This phone is supposed to be 4G...well it doesn't feel like it. If you have never had a smart phone before its probably not that bad. But I owned a Droid Razr Maxx and had to settle for this phone because I didn't have insurance when I broke it. Here's a list of issues I had:-many popular app icons appear nowhere in the phone so every time i need to use them I have to search them in google play.-even when not in use just sitting in my pocket the battery lasts about half a day-my favorite widgets are not available because the OS is so old and outdated-The internet is still consistently very slow even though it says it 4G LTE...I've had multiple 4G phones and they were all brilliantly fast except this one (I literally cannot even scroll though a web page at all often times)-small screen-freezes-no app works properly...NOT ONE!!!!I highly advise staying away and not letting the price lure you in!!!

Received a Brand New phone for same price as we believe other seller's phone labeled as new but seemed refurbished.  Couldn't be happier.

got for my 13 yr old...all packaging was there, new, no scratches. very satisfied with this phone and was even able to insure it in verizons open enrollment.

I've owned the Droid Bionic for one year six months and am very disappointed.  Before Motorola updated the s/w the phone was fantastic, then the dreaded software upgrade was issued, my phone died and all my saved pics and text messages were gone, the phone was non-functional for approximately 3 days while Motorola figured out how to fix the problem - no "I'm sorry" from either company regarding this failure. The upgrade didn't assist the phone. For example, my friend who has an iphone with the same carrier, she receives service in some spots and I would not, I've done similar tests with other phones, each time, mine...well doesn't perform.  I can't wait to purchase the Galaxy next year- Motorola was a good phone given this past experience, no more Motorola phones for me.  Good luck if you own one...

This item is not user friendly.  I should've done more research before buying.  At least I can give it to my grandkids to play games on.

The Product Is What I Purchased. But After Almost 30 Days Of Using The Phone I Have Been Experiencing Problems With The PhOne And It's Not Turning Out Too good

In the nearly 15 years I've been using cell phones this one is by far the worst.In addition to completely apathetic software support from Motorola the phone can't keep a LTE data connection to save its life.Even with strong signal (4 bars) the phone will randomly lose data connectivity and take up 3 minutes to regain it.This is after 2 different software upgrades that were supposed to fix the issue.On top of that the phone randomly reboots and will often act as if a finger is being held or rapidly pressed on the touch screen even though it is sitting on a table with nothing around it.This will likely be my last Moto phone for a long time to come.

I just need a basic phone for my work line.  Don't use it for anything except email, calendar appts and texts.  It hesitates so much.  It is like it is thinking about going to texts and then forgets.  Accessing email is painfully slow.  I assume there is no more updates or support happening for this so it will only go downhill from here.

This is a really good phone. Its not complicated to use. And with its basic configuration you can manage your service to your standard. It also allows for product OS improvement if you are a techy. All around great phone. Only back drop is battery life will take you through a 24 hour day, after that you will need a charge. But still a great phone.

Some say you cannot use this phone on a prepaid service. Out of the box, this is true.  But with a bit of tinkering and google searching, I was able to get it to work on PagePlus (They use the Verizon network, so win-win).LOVE this phone.  The issue i have with StraightTalk and others is their selection of phones is pretty crummy.  Bought this phone for my Wife. Great Phone, super fast, and full 3G service for $30/month  Cannot beat it!(yes its a 4G phone but most prepaid services do not offer 4G, but its ready for 4G if it ever comes to PagePlus)

It was such a nice phone. Such a shame that I could not activate it with Page Plus, I tried but it think it had a bad esn and that was the vendor's fault. Otherwise such an amazing phone.

My second droid bionic in 2.5 years and I love it

When I received this phone, I noticed it was very slow and would freeze constantly before I could even attempt to install any apps. Now this phone is a constant headache. I can rarely receive or make calls because the phone freezes and I eventually get a message saying the phone app is not responding, at which point I get the option to close or wait. If the phone attempts to update any pre-installed apps it is useless for the duration of the update. On top of this the speaker doesn't work and tapping on the screen sometimes pushes multiple buttons (i.e. I try to press speakerphone which doesn't work anyway and the phone dials a 3). Tremendously worse than my old 3g phone from 2010.

The other one star reviewers are correct. I had a 3G connection with one to two bars of service and the phone could not pull up opentable.com. I connected it to my wifi. It still couldn't. It was spinning and spinning, so I got my iphone touch. I did both side to side (iphone touch on the same wifi network, of course) and by the time I got to "my opentable account" on the droid, on the iphone touch I had already changed and confirmed a restaurant reservation.Absolutely pathetic! I, too, will never buy a motorola phone again. I've had nothing but problems with this phone, and the battery is drained within approximately 10 hours of moderate use.

Firstly I would like to address the numerous reviews regarding the phone not switching from 3g to 4g or losing a data connection when it has full service.  I Started out having the very same problems with the phone, but I eventually figured out the 2 sources.  In order to save data Motorola designed this phone to switch automatically to wifi once wifi is available.  The result is that once the phone gets even a sniff of an open wifi hotspot it disconnects from the broadband data.  While this should have been fixed in software patches, you can overcome it by turning off your wifi when your not using it.  Another cause of problems is that this phone doesn't accurately represent the strength of the signal it is receiving causing some people to think the phone is cutting them off when really they are in a dead zone.  I noticed this by comparing my signal to my friends Droid Razar in areas where I frequently lost data.  I do still have occasional issues with connectivity on the order of about once a week.  To get it working again though all I need to do is turn airplane mode on then off by pushing and holding the power button and selecting airplane mode from the pop up menu.Connectivity issues aside this is a truly great phone.  The battery last me all day as long as I remember to charge it each night and the auto end feature allows you to tell the phone what application precess you want it to stop when not in use to save power.  The side HDMI port is great for streaming movies to  my TV from Netflix in HD since the 4gLTE is faster than my home internet, never pauses to buffer, and never steps down my video quality mid show.  The dual core processor in this phone is very fast.  I can run multiple applications in the back ground while playing games and it won't even break a sweat in fact it has never once locked up on me as other phones have.Bottom line is if it weren't for the connectivity issues this would probably be the best phone ever made.  I am a big fan of Motorola products and am quite frankly disappointed that they made such a great phone then ruined it by letting such an obvious glitch slip through the cracks. I do not regret my purchase of this phone, but when I have the money I am going for a Razar since they are functionally very similar minus the connectivity issue.

Slightly used in description was perhaps a little exaggeration but this phone works perfectly. battery life is very good. Swap the sim card and i was back in business.Shipment came next day!

I have no complaints about the product, and am just writing a review to let other buyers know that this phone does not come with a SIM card. You can purchase one online from Amazon or Ebay. Additionally, Verizon customers can pick up a free SIM card from their local corporate store.It would have been nice to know this in advance, but otherwise, great service!

I purchased this used Droid Bionic for my daughter as her phone (same type) was beginning to give problems.  This phone works great and was supper easy to setup.Her contract is not up until next year, so this save a ton over buying a new phone.

I ordered 2 phones. Both work. 1 was newer model - 1 appeared to be near original itteration. I up-dated os to 4.0 on both. Crossing my fingers.

With a few more capabilities I would marry this phone!!!I am totally satisfied with the Motorola Droid Bionic.  It has so many capabilities, the HD station allows us to watch movies on the big screen, the lapdoc 100 allows it to function as my laptop when on the go, and the vehicle navigation dock completes the accessory package for me.  Oh yeah!  It also serves as a mobile hotspot that can link up 4 devices.  I use hotspot a lot with my tablet.This phone does it all!!!  It will read your text messges to you when docked in the vehicle navigation dock.WOW!

ear jack for listening to music doesn't work :( Wish I played music on this phone before the 30 days were up :(Phone started to go downhill after 30 days :(Avoid this phone

The phone i received was in great condition but i had to send it back because Verizon said i couldn't use my plan on a 4 G phone. The phone was never turned on and never used and i returned it the very next day i received it. For some reason they refuse to give me my full refund back. Saying that the phone is defective. The UPS insurance on the phone was more than what they refunded back to me. I should get my full refund back. I'm sure they are going to sell it for the same price i bought it for. Plus i had to pay more just to ship it back to them. Was not worth my while and is total BS!!

Battery life is terrible. Don't leave home without a way to charge your phone. This was a phone to get me through the next 6 months until my contract with Verizon was up.

It arrived as stated  it would have been nice if it had included an instruction manual but I needed a phone price was good what you gotta do

I love this phone its very fast, easy to use. I have had 2 because I broke the screen on the first one.

The phone is listed as new, but it will not charge from any car charger, only a regular outlet charger. This is my second Droid Bionic and the old one never had a problem charging. I even bought a new charger. My Kindle charges just fine from it. Also the battery only lasts about 1/2 a day. It was dead by lunch today. Very Frustrating. Also the speakers or headphones will not play when plugged in. The jack in the top of the phone made for speakers doesn't work.

Very disappointed. I did not realize that the phone was used. I took it to Verizon to have it activated and the sim card did not work. a waste of time. I will never again purchase technology on-line.

Ive had my bionic for almost 2 years now and it is still pretty awesome! its durable and fast. the 4g lte is wicked fast, so much so that i can play my xbox online and still use the internet all from my hotspot. if you have verizon 4g coverage get this phone!

The phone met my needs and I like it the battery life ishorrible.  I have to recharge it at least two times a day.That is  a  nuisance.

I like this.  I have this because I can't upgrade for another 8 months and my HTC incredible died.  I doubt I will upgrade, this is 4G and I like the feel and the functions on this better than any other Droid I have had to date.

The phone is great, Everything works, had a small problem with screen adhesive, but easy fix and don't have any other complaints

Phone works great, just don't forget to grab a sim card too. use Verizon network and have no issues with it.

I love the Droid Bionic! It came with the phone, the battery, the back cover, wall-to-usb charger and cable.It DID NOT however, come with the REQUIRED Verizon 4G card.So, all in all, this phone cost me ~$80.00(phone) + $34.50(4G simcard)I understand it wasn't listed as an included item, but it is inferred that it is &#34;part of the phone&#34; as put by a Verizon technician.I would buy the phone again, but not unless the card was included.

I ordered this phone because my old HTC Rezound power button broke, (a common issue). This phone has a slow response time compared to my rezound. It was also very glitchy and would sometime crash. I wound up getting a new phone a month later once I was eligible.

I have had this phone for over a year. When I first got it I thought it was great. Then things went down hill. For starters, the phone has many, many Apps that cannot be deleted. Even if you don't use them, every few days they get in your face to upload upgrades. Then the Apps you do use also need to be upgraded. The upgrades normally completely change the user interface. Apps that previously worked become unworkable. You might figure out the new interface and you might not.  When I got the phone the one App that I really liked was Navigation. After about a year it disappeared and when I tried to get it back, it now came with a monthly charge. Screw that. Some mornings Apps that I used simply disappear. They no longer can be found either on the phone or on-line. Every so often the idiots decide to upload a new operating system. Things that used to work stop working. I am getting ready to dump this POS and get an iPhone.

its all cracked up n it be frezzin a lil u cant get no prepaid service only contract n i have no 400fa contract

I bought this phone used when a previous phone of mine went bad. The phone is fast and works well.  What sets this phone aside from others, though, is the many accessories available for it.  I picked up a lapdock (turns the phone into a laptop), a vehicle mount, and an HD dock (lets you view display on an HDTV while it charges).  Also picked up a bluetooth keyboard as well.  All told these accessories in total cost less than $180 and all of them were brand new.  As the phone gets more wear and tear on it, I am now looking for a new bionic and will purchase one shortly.  I've never had any issues with it.  My only gripe is that I'd like to move my plan over to a GSM provider but I don't think the radio in it supports the 4G bands that the GSM providers offer.

I love it...  Its a bargain at $160...  Reliable, fast. Runs on 4.2 Android. Comparing it to a Motorola Droid MAXX, they're almost the same..  Its like buying a 2011 model car in 2013.. What's the real difference?..  Personally, all I REALLY need..  Very pleased.

I went from a blackberry to this phone so it is a little bit of a culture shock but time I joined the 21st century.  So far I am happy with it although there is a learning curve for me.

Great phone! No problem at all. The vender even called to make sure my purchase was to my liking. I recommend using this vender!

My phone arrived in just 3 days even with free standard shipping.  Setup took all of 5 minutes with some time spent updating apps.  I've used primarily the Bionic since it was first released and have been pleased with the quality of the phone; great screen, loud speaker, quick processor and the mini HDMI port is great for streaming Netflix onto my tv.The drop calls issue that people report is easy enough to circumvent, simply turn off Wi-Fi until you intend to use it.Overall I would quickly recommend this phone (and have several times) and this seller to friends and family.

I got the phone and I'm really like the speed and the interface. I bought a ballistic case which is highly protective and the first day I had it in my back pocket and the screen cracked on me. I couldn't believe it. I had a Droid X for a couple of years treating it the same way and nothing ever happened to it. The good thing is that the crack happened on the outside edge but just the thought of it happening on the first day is unnerving.

This phone was a completely uncool Android.  Designing phones like this I see why Motorola went under.  It's unlike the later Droids and the Moto Xs and the Moto Gs.

Great phone for the money.  The screen is so big we call it the mini tv.  Really love it. Terrific

If the battery gets too low it won't charge unless you power down the phone first.  It is terrible when it come to navigation because it continually loses the GPS signal and I have downloaded numerous navigation programs and its not the programs its the phone. Also, I have only had it now for 4 months and the camera stopped working I get an error message when trying to activate the camera.  I had an older Motorola smart phone prior and it worked great but the letters and number wore off the keys so I thought would upgrade, what a huge disappointment.

I love it! It' s a great phone, I especially love when it says &#34;droid&#34; and you know you have a message or call!!!

My first smart phone and was not disappointed all at. just recently upgraded to the galaxy s3 and I still find myself liking little things about my bionic better.. its fast, and anyone who rated this phone 1, 2, 3, stars is in my opinion retarded and prob never satisfied with anything in life. I can see a lot of 4 star people but this phone is great for what is was for 2011 I believe it is top 3 or 2 even phone. I was impressed with the phone in all areas and if technology didn't advance so quickly and the galaxy had not come out I would keep this phone for a few years. but like with most electronics after a few years its OLD NEWS I suppose. although this phone isn't quite close to that point. it came out mid 2011 I believe and can still run with the top 5 of 2012..run with atleast. Anyways if your looking for a good phone Motorola did a good job with this one.. yet I don't understand why they made the razor which took away from this phones success big time.. everything the razor is just not as small...its not that much bigger.. people get over the size thing. thanks for reading my review of a damn good phone.

This phone worked for 3 weeks and then the screen became frozen and removing the battery did not help. Buyer beware!

once firmware update happened in late 2012 phone started acting up.  now it needs to have battery pulled almost daily as it gets exceedingly more sluggish until it basically hangs.  i will never buy motorola again.  my two motorola phones were the mpx-220 and the droid bionic.  two horrible phones not worth a penny

Worst phone ever. It is technically a 4g phone. If you allow it to connect to 4g, it won't connect for more than a few minutes,so you have to turn 4g off. Oh also the GPS sucks. if you want directions to a location you have to plan ahead about 30 minutes.  It actually takes about half an hour to get live directions to your destination.

Would only keep a charge for 2 hrs if I wasn't using it, it never had 4G most of the time didn't even have 3g. Took it to Verizon they said it had a bad core ( what ever that means lol ) but all around the worse phone I have ever bought online.

Great replacement phone.  Super good condition.  Did have a big hassle setting it up because the local Verizon store seems to have sold me a cloned sim card.  Who would think you need to worry about that when going to the retail store?  Anyhow, Verizon sent me a new sim card and phone works great!

This phone has everything I want in a smart phone. I researched the phone and read a lot of comments about poor battery life.I've had the phone almost 2 Weeks and the battery has been fine. Remember,this has dual core processor which will eat power, but there are things to help keep battery usage lower.  I keep wifi on where wifi is available, shut it off when I leave. I also use only 3G unless I need more speed. So far 3G has been fine with browsing and downloading.  No problem with battery.  As far as data usage, I use data saving mode and 2 GB data plan is plenty.I charge it via Usb when I 'm on the computer, on the plane and in the car with travel charger and have only gotten the battery to 60% after 8 hrs of use with browsing, email and downloading.I love this phone and reccomend it highly. Just remember though, you may have to tweak some of the  settings to make the battery last longer.

I received a defective Droid Bionic that would not work on 3G or 4G, no text and a low volume speaker phone.On Monday it will be 10 days since I received my defective Bionic Phone. I had to contact Amazon and call my charge card company to get a return tag issued to me.  The return tag finally came 4 days after I tried to contact EVT.  EVT sent me a return label to use to return the defective phone. I took this package to the post office and using the EVT return label I mailed the phone. I was told EVT would ship me another phone as soon as they see the return in the system.  Two days later on Friday I checked the USPS tracking and could not find the package.  Then on Saturday the package gets returned to my home because the label I was sent did not have enough postage.On Monday it will be 10 days since I received my defective phone from EVT.  I am not waiting for another return label from EVT.  I am paying to return the defective phone via UPS at my business.  I emailed EVT a copy of the UPS tracking label so they can see the package is shipping on Monday. I Finally reached Mr. Dan Cole on the phone 9 days after my initial filing for a defective exchange or refund. He assured me that tomorrow, Monday he would personally test a Bionic phone and then get it in the mail back to me.  I should receive a replacement phone by Thursday of this coming week.  So it will be about 13 days, just shy of two weeks for me to receive an exchange for my defective phone. Even though Dan Cole is a very nice person this really is an unacceptable time to get a replacment for a defective cellphone.  I sent many emails and even called the phone number I was given for EVT but I could never reach a real live person to talk to until today Sunday, 8 days after I received my defective Droid Bionic phone.  If someone from EVT had called me one or two days after I received the defect I would have happily paid to promptly return the defective phone as long as I got another phone shipped immediately.  As a businessman, I cannot do without my phone but EVT just did not seem to understand this.  It is not the money, it is the lack of real concern and communications that disturbed me about Dan Cole and EVT Company.  Dan is very polite and apologizes all the time but actions speak louder than words.  And right now EVT, as Donald Trump would say, he flunked the customer service test.  Your Fired Mr. Cole even though you are a nice guy because it took too long to make an exchange for a customer that needed a phone ASAP.  I will continue this story after I finally receive another Bionic cellphone from EVT.

This phone has an inherent problem with the GPS. Do not buy this phone. Check online and read reviews before you purchase. I have spent three hours of my life with Motorola technical support only to find that there is no fix for the problem.

I was a bit skeptical about ordering a cell phone sight unseen, but the model I wanted was out of production. It arrived very very quickly, either at the early end of the expected range or before. Ordered from this provider because they had great reviews. So here is one more.

It is a good phone, I didn't read where it did not come with a SIM card so I was surprised about that.

I bought this phone when it first came out using an upgrade it was $300. At first the phone worked fine but it would randomly lose connection and never connect again until I restart the phone. Once they sent out an update to fix this problem a worse one came about. I am on my 4th droid bionic. The screen will randomly type, hit buttons, call people, start programs all on its own. They have been saying that "A patch fixing the problem will come out soon." Well like I said this is my 4th one and it starts out okay then does it a little and originally by the end of the first month or mid second month it will get worse and worse to where the phone is completely un-usable. I just got this replacement phone about 5 days ago and already it is almost to the point of it being completely un-usable.

So far I love my phone. Was in mint condition when I got it. Then only thing I don't like about the phone is the short battery life but I read that it's how the phone is due to the type of battery it has. I got the phone before the date it said it was to be delivered. It didn't have a SIM card but that's okay cause i was able to get one very easy. I RECOMMEND!!

WAS LIED TO ABUT PHONE. IT WILL ONLY WORK WITH A 2 YEAR PLAN AND you HAVE TO BUY THE SIM CARD.  WILL NOT WORK WITH STRAIGHT TALK-NET 10-BOOST-VIRGIN MOBILE-CRICKET OR ANY OTHER PREPAID PHONE PLAN.  SOME PHONES YOU CAN TURN ON AND AT LEAST USE YOUR WIFI.  THIS ONE WILL NOT DO ANYTHING UNTIL IT IS ACTIVATED THROUGH VERIZON FOR THEIR NORMAL 2 YEAR CONTRACT AND $80 TO $100.00 PER MONTH.SELLER WANTS TO ARGUE AND CHARGE AN EXORBITANT 20% RESTOCK FEE PLUS YOU HAVE TO PAY RETURN SHIPPING! AMAZON TAKING THEIR SIDE EVEN THOUGH IT'S BEEN PROVEN i WAS LIED TO.

Everything I expected. Phone looked brand new and works great! I was able to activate this phone for Page Plus. It's a little more difficult but it is possible.

It may be older but it is far from obsolete. Consider it before buying a phone at a Verizon store. Your 4G sim card may be the wrong size if you have a different brand. Go to Verizon and get one because they'll get you one in the right size for free and it will only take a few minutes.

This was actually a gift purchase. My friend cracked his screen on his phone for the third time so I decided instead of him getting a 3rd replacement for $100, I'd get him a much better phone for cheaper. The phone arrived in excellent condition and a clean ESN. I had to purchase a SIM adapter though, (my fault for not doing the proper research) but after getting one, the phone reads the SIM good and works well. I'm still waiting from my friend to return from vacation, so if there are any troubles, I'll update this review. But until then, I am extremely satisfied.

Awesome phone has it's own task manager love that and it's decent speed and everything I loved it great phone

I've had this phone for about six months now and feel I can now write a good review. It has a great screen, I love the video footage I am able to take with it. I did have to mess a little with the settings to get the battery usage where I wanted it but that was pretty simple, and that's always the first thing I do with any new phone I buy. I have a two year old and gets some abuse. Even without a case it has survived several falls both in and out of my purse. So glad I got this phone.

works well enough...  but my husband is convinced it was a refurbished not new and the battery was weak from the start.

I really hate this phone.  It's no fault of the seller but after using this phone for a month I have decided I hate android  I don't like having to use an app killer and watching its battery just drain all day.  I want my iphone back.

Wasn't a prepaid phone, went through hell trying to get it activate it, just to find out it isn't a contract. WOULDN'T RECOMMEND BUYING

I bought the phone went to the Verizon store got a new Sim card for it and then the next day it was completely dead and never turned on again. Hard time returning the phone for refund.

I received the phone quickly and it looked like it was in great condition. There was suppose to be an otterbox case that never shipped, but amazon refunded me that portion with no hassle. When I went into the verizon store to activate it, the phone was on the "STOLEN/DO NOT ACTIVATE LIST." Shipping phone back and just buying one in person instead of from amazon. Not worth the wasted time spent shopping for hours online.

It is a good phone no problems thus far everything working well came with no scratches or anything other damages

I got this phone cause I thought it will work with PagePlus but it didn't but they switch me out one of the Did

I highly recommend this phone, I have had mine for over a year now with very, very few issues. Most of what I have seen negative about this phone can be attributed to user error, or being in a fringe 4G area. Certainly there are lemons out there, and people who are upset are most likely to write a review, so I thought I would take a different approach and write a positive review. Now that the ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) update is out for this phone it makes it a no-brainer. The phone runs even better now, even better than my daughter's razor, and I have the option of replacing the battery if I need to without ripping it apart or sending it in. The display is phenomenal outside, as it uses an extra white pixel in its screen, RGBW, whereas the razor series uses just RGB and you can see the difference! The razors have a noticeable green cast to them, whites don't seem as white (since they have to use Red Green Blue to make white) and they are just not as good in bright sunlight. To be fair, my son had some problems dropping data on 4G with his, which I attributed to his driving all over God's creation on his job, but since the ICS update, it's ALL good, no issues at all. If you need a replacement 4G phone to keep unlimited data or replace a lost or broken phone you can't go wrong with the Bionic. Just make sure if you get one and it hasn't been updated to ICS that you make that the first thing to do on your to do list!

Quick review of the Bionic...(summary, if you're buying a used 4g phone like me, and you're considering Thunderbolt, spend a little more and get this...especially with extended battery)...First off, I bought an iPhone 4s with my upgrade a year ago, used it for a month, then sold it. Personal preference, I don't like iPhones and I'm much more comfortable with Android (I could give the thousands of reasons why, but I won't). I'd been using the HTC Incredible 2 with extended battery since then. I loved the phone but it didn't have 4g (moved to the middle of the city where it's almost necessary b/c 3g is so slow), and it lagged some on things like sending text messages, etc.My first move was to the HTC Thunderbolt with extended battery (with 4g, I was set on getting an extended battery). I liked the phone, but I had the issue others had where it messed with the wifi, GPS, Bluetooth, and occasionally the 4g signal. I returned it and tried the Bionic. It cost more than the Thunderbolt, but I needed something that worked.The bionic is a great phone. The phone works well and lasts a long time with the extended battery. Not really any issues at all, it's fast, it's great. I will say the Motorola interface is pure utility. It doesn't seem to have changed much since the original Droid. It doesn't bother me, but I do miss my HTC interface, which very visually friendly (I would compare HTC Interface to iOS...which has an amazing interface, I just didn't like other things about it).Anywho, overall, great phone, utilitarian Motorola interface, but it works great.

Out of the box... does not work!Unit came with battery & charger. Inserted battery, plugged in, turned on and...&#34;A SIM card is needed to operate this phone. Please turn off and insert a SIM card.&#34;Terribly disappointed... Item description indicates nothing about being used or recertified like new. So far not very happy. Will update when I get this thing working.

I did not like it because the on the information didn't have ythe whole history of the phone...it as water damage!

Many of my friends call this a good &#34;back up phone&#34;.  I have to say, as a primary, I love it!  It came to me quickly and intact, and true to the description of the used model I selected, there were minor scratches on the case, but a pristine screen, the latest Android OS updates, and a good long charger cable more than make up for minor aesthetic issues.Pros - Very rootable, in a safe fashion that doesn't compromise your original ROM.  Strong Wifi Antenna, over all acceptable signal based on my coverage area, quick and responsive interface, and very customizableCons - The usual, Verizon bloatware and other uncontrollables.  I do wish that Amazon deliver hadn't just propped it on my door, knocked and run off though.  A signature would be comforting when making a purchase like this.

dont get it I need to find another..it has been aweful with battery too..i love my charger docking station but its too expensive for a clock radio

the phone sucks. its so slow and you can tell it was refurbished. it freezes every ten minutes and is no where the quality advertised. im very disapointed

Wasnt too hard to get the phone going. Needed a SIM card for 4g, but the tech at Costco had one without charge. Just need to be sure to have passwords ready before transferring service from old phone to new phone.

I think this is a great phone, it has the performance that the Motorola Razr but with more bulk, which I prefer, personally I don't like the fact that the Razr is so skinny, it's slips out of my hand way to easily, and other than the battery life on this, but what android phone isn't this the problem), I think this is a great phone.

1. I am not leaving a book for a review like you other idiots. lol2.  PROS:Durability - toughest phone I've ever ownedScreen - Looks great and is very responsiveSwype - Can text faster than an Asian on a calculatorAndroid - Will be getting an update to 4.0 soon.Cameras - front and rear facing both take great photos3. CONS:Battery Life - Will not survive a full day of heavy use, so I carry an extra batteryScreen Brightness - Does not dim enough at night, hurts your eyes to look at late at night (great for the daytime though)4. You will not be disappointed with this phone.

Purchased phone that was listed as NEW.Received phone that was an obvious refurbished model. Activated it anyways since I didn't want to hear complaints form a family member not having a phone any longer. The device does not work properly. Areas of the touch screen do not respond to input, The load speed for anything is horrendous, and there's a slightly visible oval of something in the touch screen.Attempted to contact for a replacement but they were not willing to work inside the parameters I set for the exchange so they are now getting a bad rating after I tried to work with them after they blatantly lied regarding the listing of this phone.##Phone: Malfunctioning refurbished unit##Battery: Non OEM battery. Took forever to charge and wears through the charge extremely fast##Charger: Non OEM charger so don't expect to be able to perform any data transfers even it it did work proper. Motorola has a proprietary pin setup in their OEM cords that allows data transfer while secondary market chargers and cords do not meet this standard. It will charge the phone just fine.I am a previous owner of this model of phone and I am very familiar with the performance that should be expected from it and if I didn't know any better I'd say this was some cheap knock-ff in a Droid Bionic casing.

I ordered this product from Oakland Wireless and it only lasted 60 days.  The screen come loose,the screen shakes & vibrates back and forth, button's don't work, you push one and a bunch comes up and dials wrong numbers.  This is a business phone.  I asked to have it replaced and Oakland Wireless refuses to do so as their policy is 30 days.  I would not recommed this phone nor would I buy again from Oakland Wireless. I paid over $150.00 for this phone and to have it last less than 60 days, poor business policy.

Everything was brand new. Took only a matter of mins before i had it up and running. smooth and sleet, works GREAT

this is my second smart phone, it is really easy to handle and text which that is my main usage. The downsize is that its a little big but for its year made it was great for the size and things it can do.battery life is not great at all i have to at least recharge it fully twice a day.

When I ordered this phone the seller stated in his description &#34;Great condition&#34; so when I received this product I was very disappointed when I found it was all scratched, the top right hand corner had a small crack, no charger, and in bad condition.  I immediately contacted the seller, no apology no nothing just a &#34; as soon as I receive the phone you will get a refund.&#34;  That's it!!  So I shipped it back, had to pay my own shipping, and packaged it correctly, with bubble wrap to protect the already damaged phone!  Few days later I got my refund....and went phone shopping again :)  But it was very disappointing to go thru all that and find out they lied about the condition of the phone!

please DO NOT buy this phone, its extremely slow..the processor is really outdated...get a flip phone instead. Frustrating as hell...

What an AWESOME phone.  It's all I hoped it would be and MORE.  Had a Droid A855 that I thought I'd never replace, but now I'd never go back. Does all those things a smart phone should always have done, but didn't - quite.  I'm a retired computer professional, so I'm REALLY hard to please, and I am PLEASED!!!  Use it now almost more than my computer, and it will do almost anything my computer can do and more.  I even have it running on PagePlus, so I'm not breaking the bank.  Doesn't get any better than that.

Yeah, it's not a Galaxy 4 but I have had a Bionic for two years and saw the opportunity to purchase a really low-cost contract-free Bionic as a great opportunity to move my wife's grandfathered unlimited data plan from her slow (1x) Blackberry to 4G LTE smartphone with a decent-sized screen.Both Bionic phones function very well and are quite fast.  As with my first Bionic, I knew I'd have to buy an extended batter, which I also did through Amazon -- after buying and returning allegedly superhigh-capacity batteries at a battery store near my home.  I ended up ordering the Motorola BW8X extended battery for the Bionic, which I recommend to give this phone decent battery life.

This item would not power on. When it arrived, I plugged it in and the battery showed 5% and charging; after about 45 seconds it went to 100%. When I pressed power, it would not power on, just go back to the 5% and charging screen and then to the 100% screen, viscious cycle! The phone was in perfect shape, no scratches or nicks so I was kind of surprised that this happened. The battery did not appear to be new, was not water damaged but the label on it appeared to be wrinkled so it may have been a battery issue. I returned to Amazon.

If my Razr Maxx hadn't disappeared to parts unknown, I wouldn't have had to get this.  It has 4G which is nice, but you really need to set the developer options to run no more than 2 processes and I've even had to set the phone to airplane mode to play a game.  It cost $125 when I got it in Jan 2014 (new refurb in box). So it's worth that to ride out the wait until renewal time and backup emergency phone, but I would certainly stay away if it meant using it for any longer than 6 months.

I got this phone for myself just a Verizon was selling out the last of their stock.  When I first got it, the battery would last far longer than expected, but when it updated to ICS and Jelly Bean, the battery life started getting shorter and shorter.  I understand this is because each subsequent update made better use of the powerful engine this phone has, so I bought an extended battery, which fixed that problem.  It's no longer a light or sleek phone because of the extended battery, but those things don't matter much to me.  Since I have had a good experience with mine, my wife asked for one, which is the one we bought from Amazon.  She loves it!

Phone doesn't work right. When we got it we took it to Verizon because we were unable to use the Google play store..hot an error that we are don't have a Motorola account.Verizon said they never saw that and couldn't help.  So I did a hard reset. The phone works z little better but has problems with applications such as Facebook and gmail, won't let me see my pics in my photo gallery.......major problem.  So, I had to buy another phone from a different seller.

Terrible phone it stopped working after the first week of having it. Pretty much stole my money. Don't buy this

I've had several Android OS phones, and this one is somewhat above the norm, for what it is.The pros for this phone are:-simple interface-great processing speed-large screen-responsive and intuitive GUI-plenty of memory for tons of apps-Took a pretty hard beating over the past year & kept kicking, even with a shattered screen.The cons:-battery life is terrible, even by 4G phone standards-weak antenna. Even in the suburbs of a city of 3 million, I have tons of deadspots, including my house.-the latest O/S update crashed my device, will not even power up now-I noticed absolutely NO difference in internet speeds with the 4G capabilities of this phone as opposed to older 3G phonesAll things considered, this was a decent phone. Unfortunately, with the price tag as high as it is, I would not buy this phone again. Today's price posted is $400, which is entirely too much for this device. I wouldn't pay more than a third of that cost, and even then I'd be hesitant.

Purchased this phone for my wife - it's her first smartphone.Pros:Phone came pre-installed with Android Jellybean, so it was fully up to date -no manual updates.Phone interface is very &#34;snappy&#34;, with no lag or freezing.Call quality is great, very clear.No issues with dropped calls and/or loss of data connection - heard that some early Bionic users had this issue, but not us.Cons:Camera is mediocre when compared to other smartphones.Battery life is okay -will need to be charged everyday.Very happy with purchase.  Phone was in &#34;new&#34; condition when it arrived (&#34;Noble Planet&#34; was seller).

NOT NEW AS STATED. has little software quirks but needed phone asap. battery life is maybe 8 hrs. and phone gets very hot and turns off whenever i play some game or do extensive internet stuff

I bought this phone after my iPhone 4S died because all technical specs pointed at this phone being the closest product to what I had. It was Motorola's &#34;rival&#34; to the iPhone 4S.This phone is nowhere near the level of an iPhone 4S or even an iPhone 4 for that matter. If you are looking for a smartphone that can't really multitask and is only useful for small tasks like texting and calling, then this is the phone for you. But if you are a 21st century cellphone user and want to be able to browse multiple apps while listening to music, then this phone is not for you.I would frequently try to listen to music while running another app and this phone simply cannot handle that. The music would constantly freeze and stop playing (much like a lot of apps you use). The processor in this phone is VERY weak and makes me feel like I am using old technology.It is great this phone has 4G capabilities (with Verizon after you purchase a 4G simcard) but it's really not worth it, even for the price of this phone. Look elsewhere for a phone, like a Galaxy SIII if you are trying to spend reasonably.

Love my new phone. Outstanding. Everything was as described and the phone arrived without a single blemish. Very happy indeed.

Great phone. Came in good shape and works just like it should. This is the second phone i have bought off of amazon and both have been great.

This phone stinks! I feel like I'm using dial up internet from 1997 whenever I turn it on. To say it is slow is an offensive understatement.  If I didn't need a phone for work, I would send it back. I'm still deciding whether to do so.

My only gripe is the phone locking up occasionally when being loaded down by a browser or more than one app. I should expect that because the phone has a 1gb of ram. The dual core processor is plenty to keep it moving fast and has not slowed down because of that. The update to 4.1.2 jelly bean was a significant improvement of the 4.0.4 ice creaam sandwich it was shipped to me with. It also doesn't lock up as much when using the stock browser.

Had great customer service and would by from the seller again but the phone is unbelievably slow we got this for my step dad who lost his droid ultra and I know it's an older phone but it is nearly impossible to even get on the internet this phone has never been a good phone bit was just a cheep replacement so reconsider before buying this

I finally recieved my phone. It is as described, in new condition though I am skeptical of the battery being oem if it is it is lousey and I do plan on purchasing the extended battery.Since leaving a review complaining of the inability to choose a faster method of shipping I have been contacted by the owner of the Vision Store, Joseph. Crediting $10.00 back for the month+ wait. I appriciate the gesture. However requesting I remove the review raises a red flag to me and I will make note not to order products by someone who requests honest reviews be removed.

I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the product after being skeptical at first but it proved to be much better than my expectations after recieving the phone quickly via express shipping.

For me the Bionic has been a nightmare.  I have had this phone on Verizon for about 4 months and I have nothing positive to say about it.  It's worse than any phone I've ever had, including the old razr phones if you can believe it!For starters, battery life...  The battery lasts about 24 hours if I don't use it AT ALL.  I really don't use this phone much anyway (because the touch-screen is unresponsive half the time and the phone crashes every day), but when I do use it (very) lightly, the battery lasts about 10 hours.Second, applications - phone calls - alarms -calendars -gps: NONE work.  I have had applications crash at least twice a day (when I use the phone).  I learned quickly to not rely on the Bionic as a wake-up call because the alarm doesn't usually work and to use an external gps for navigation since the maps take about 20 minutes to even load onto the phone.  Also, as far as I have been able to tell, there is no way to turn off other noises on the phone when you need an alarm.  There may be a way to do this, but there are SO MANY settings that I can't tell what in the heck is going on.  So, if I use this phone as an alarm, I hear annoying noises all night.And that brings me to the third (and most obnoxious) point - the noises.  Oh... my... This phone has the most random notification sounds.  I will hear four loud unique noises and look at my phone and nothing is showing on the screen that needs my attention.  Then I'll get a text message and not know about it until I happen to be looking at my messages.  It's the most annoying aspect of the phone in my opinion.  If I get an email it will blippity blee blop for an hour until I check it.  Then I'll get a call and will just decide not to make a peep.  What in the world?!  "Put it on vibrate then!" I can hear you thinking now... no.  DO NOT put this phone on vibrate.  The vibrating is one of the worst noises I've ever heard in my life.  It's louder than the highest volume you can put the phone sounds on.  BUUUUUUUZZZZZZ BUUUUUUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ over and over and over...  most of the time for no apparent reason.  I have resorted to keeping the Bionic on silent.Number 4: Touch-screen.  Not much to say about it.  It just doesn't work most of the time.  I'll have to slide and slide and slide the lock icon to get into my phone for about 5 minutes.  I can't play any games on it obviously, so thanks Bionic for keeping me from getting hooked too badly on my handheld device I guess.And that's about all I can say about the Bionic for now.  It's just a bad phone!  Best phones I've had have been the Palm Pre, Palm Centro, and iPhone 4.  I will not be buying any other Android phones personally.I hate the Bionic!  1 star is way too high of a rating for me.  I don't see how people could rate this phone highly, unless maybe I just got a fudged one.

The phone was defective from the seller. I took the phone to a Verizon store and they found out it was defective. Verizon replace the phone free because it seem to be a manufacture defect. The seller only agree to reimburse me 10.00 for my trouble but the phone cost 75.00. You don't have worry about me purchasing anything from this seller anymore

This has worked okay.  However, it was sold as &#34;new&#34; and not refurbished.  However, when you get a phone that is new and it contains pictures on it of strange people and places, you got to wonder.Haven't had problems with it - but it was inappropriately advertised.

I'm only been using this phone for maybe a week now. Its not perfect but its a refurbished phone and they never seem to work flawlessly. However its as good as I hoped. I bought this phone to replace my droid x so I could have 4g its very nice and I really liked my old phone. The only thing I don't like about the phone is there isn't a button for the camera on the side of the phone. Which is only a minor inconvenience.  I'd rate it at a 5 but since I've only had it for a short time now I gave it a 4, I don't want to mislead anyone. Also if your upgrading to a 4g like me from a 3g you'll have to buy a sim card which is different from the micro SD card.

I have had my droid for 2 years now. I have replaced the screen 3 times because of my carelessness. They are pretty cheap to replace if you are handy with the Youtube tutorial.Shortcoming number one- Battery life. Over the last two years I learned to have chargers everywhere I need to be. The good news here is all the different docks and chargers are high quality and dirt cheap. The real lifesaver is the Lapdock. The battery in that can save your butt when you are away from other power. A full charge when new lasted for about 10 hours without significant use but only half that if you use wifi or background intensive apps. I had to replace the factory battery last year but it was so cheap I didn't even mind.Shortcoming two- The Motorola version of android is kinda limited and there are frequent compatibility issues with apps. It was better with Jellybean because Motorola and Verizon really bloated it on the updates. So much of the bloat is rooted in and you can't uninstall it. Root is your friend. The risk isn't so high because the phone has been around awhile now.  I rooted the phone and rolled it back to the more enjoyable jellybean.Conclusion. I like the cameras, the external speaker is loud and there are lots of accessories for the phone. The phone rarely failed to do the things you have a smartphone to do. I paid way too much for it two years ago but for $100, this phone is easily worth it.

I bought the Droid Bionic about a week after it came out. I had been using a Blackberry Tour for the previous 18 months. That was my first smartphone and I liked it, but Android really gained momentum and replaced Blackberry as the major competition to the iPhone. What was disappointing was Android 4.0 (aka Ice Cream Sandwich aka ICS) came out a few months later, so much of my time with the phone was waiting for the update which finally came out in October. The Bionic was pretty good with Gingerbread but just felt more clunky to use over time. However, that has changed with the ICS update. With it, I'm no longer desperately waiting for my upgrade. One thing I really like about it is the size. It's a little thicker compared to most phones but it's narrow and wide enough to hold and use comfortable in one hand.Here are some new features you'll enjoy:Disable some stock software (ie bloatware) which improves battery consumptionTake screenshots (press and hold Power and Volume Down at the same time)Use a custom launcher (I recommend Nova Launcher)New lock screen that allows you to immediately unlock to the home screen, Text messaging app, dialer, or cameraImproved camera (?, I'm not an expert but I think the quality is better now)Able to use Google Chrome browser (not possible on Gingerbread but I prefer Dolphin)Better text editing (bar appears at top to select all, cut, copy, and paste. No more having to long-press multiple times)Improved look/functionality of some apps such as GMail (with Gingerbread, I never received instant notifications with new email but now I do)Before, most of these features required apps and/or rooting. But if you're someone who was intimidated by that, it's not an issue. If you are interested in rooting, it is a simple process.Overall, I think it's a good phone. While every phone becomes more obsolete over time, I think the Bionic has really improved with the ICS update and is up to par with most newer phones today. It is supposedly getting the next Android update (Jelly Bean) in the future. While it may be another long wait, I can see myself using this for another year or so thanks to ICS.

I bought this phone in August as insurance for the other phones in the family.  So, I only updated the operating system, rooted it, cleaned up the software, and put it back in the box for emergencies.  Of course, since there is no SIM card in the phone, I didn't take any phone calls on it.  So, today (9-28-2013, my spouse broke her Galaxy SII.  I transferred her SIM card to this phone and everything seemed to be working OK until we tried a phone call.  I could hear her fine but she couldn't hear me.  We traded phones and, sure enough, the speaker near the ear is barely audible.  Switching to the back speaker (speakerphone mode) works fine.  However, the ear speaker is useless.  So, I don't know if there is any return possible but, for now, I have to give this only two stars--and that is generous.  But everything else seems to be in good condition.I want to add here that Amazon has worked an exchange for me on this item--even though I didn't put the phone into service and discover the defect until after the 30 day period had expired.  I will be receiving a new item at the same price--even though the price has gone up.  So, I am upping the stars from 2 to 4.

Everything about this phone is just plain awesome.This phone is so much better than the Samsung Galaxy S III, and 4 I had. I've always loved the Androids anyhow.If you're a Droid like me, you'll just love this Bionic.My only complaint is that the store I purchased it from advertised that it was a New phone in it's original packaging. Well I' discovered quickly after receiving it that this is not true, it has black marker writing inside it that appears to reflect a refurbish date. It also didn'tcome with a manual. I will make sure to never buy anything from this company again.

I purchased this phone about 1.5 years ago on a contract with Verizon and it's been largely nothing but problems for me.  I bought it knowing that the battery was bad and though the phone didn't disappoint on that front it wasn't as bad as it could have been (I charge at least once a day - twice a day if I'm using apps a lot).  My biggest problem with the phone, though, is its speed.  I've spoken with other android owners and they don't have the same kinds of problems that I do, but the phone will often slow down to a crawl - especially when browsing the web.  If you have/use this phone I'd HIGHLY recommend using the Opera Mini browser app as it's a smaller, lightweight web browser.  I prefer Firefox, but Firefox, Chrome (which is now bulkware on the phone, btw), and the default browser (which is not chrome, interestingly) ALL take forever to load pages that my wife on her iPhone (with 3g service - yet with consistently higher reception and faster phone speeds) can do in a fraction of the time.  It shouldn't take a solid 2-3 minutes for an app to load or a webpage to finish loading, yet it does this consistently with this phone.  The only remedy I've found to combat the problem (I already mentioned Opera Mini for web browsing) is to get a reboot program and a cache cleaner (I use FastReboot and both 1touch cache cleaner and AVG cache cleaner).  Running these 2-3 times a day (even without much cache buildup) can really make the difference.  Oh, and also make sure you close apps as soon as you're done using them (press and hold the home button to open up the task manager).  The phone has slowed down enough, at times, that I've missed phone calls.  A phone should be, first and foremost, a PHONE.  At the same time, I do like the large screen size and the android OS is still my preferred phone OS.  I can't justify only giving a 1 star, but I really do wish I hadn't purchased this device.

Purchased expecting this to be new. This price was not for a refurbished or used phone. All 3 options were offered. I requested new. When Verizon was trying to activate the phone for me, I was told, this phone had 3 prior phone numbers. So I boxed it up and returned it. If I wanted a used phone I would have paid the used phone price.

Fantastic. Love the new phone, I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to find one that I liked and be so reasonable on the price. Thank you so much . A very happy customer.

My daughter's phone stopped working and instead of buying her another expensive phone I chose to try buying a phone from Amazon.  Since I currently have a Bionic, we will try another one.  She loves the phone and I love the price.  I do hope I have better luck with this phone.  The last phone I purchased NEW from a different amazon buyer, died in 3 months and the seller just ignored me.  I hope that this seller will be better.  However, the phone was promised by to arrive on 3/11.  Didn't come until 3/12 - no big deal.

Could be better. Battery gets low too fast!

We love this phone!  The seller was great!  I received the cell phone on time & I had no problems with switching from the old phone to this phone!

I just could not believe this phone did not work at first, but as i figured how, it worked like a computer.my very first phone, I'm loving itbut only con I have with this device is that the camera takes not much better than my digital camera from 2005

Phone works fine but I paid for a new one and got a refurb the battery died in three hours gonna need a new battery think I should be compensated Bc if I wanted a refurb I would've picked that

This phone has exceeded my expectations. I could not be happier with it. I am not very tech savvy but, this phone is easy to use, easy to learn, and so much better than my iphone 5.

I bought this phone because it was decent price but i don't like it at all.  phone is very slow and gets stock using basic programs like web browser so i have to restart it. take 15 seconds to open picture message i think i got defective phone by looking at hardware it should be way better so maybe it is jus my phone i cant wait to get a different phone

When I received the phone, I went online to activate it.  I could not get the phone to turn on, unless plugged in and then it only showed the battery.  I took the phone to Verizon, as I needed to get a sim card anyway, and asked them to get it activated for me.  He couldn't get the phone to come on either, so he switched batteries.  It appeared to work, but when he tried to connect it to the service, it would not.  We are in the process of returning the phone.

The only grip I have about this phone is the video on it. it's not quite bright enough. I mean it's not bad but in comparison to my wife's phone it's lacking. she has the HTC Thunderbolt. I read somewhere it's something to do with the pixels on this phone. it has a different screen setup compared to most of the phones.  I don't know what the other reviews were talking about as far as the losing the signal and all. I've had two bionics and both of them worked fine. the glass screen on this thing is nice it doesn't scratch easily.

I got the phone in good time but I took it to version and they said the phone was stolen so I e-mailed this company and they looked it up and said &#34;yet it is, send it back to us and we will send you a new one&#34; ??????????????? Like it was no big deal.

Great phone. I bought it but it wasnt for me. The other person loved it.

The Phone We Got Was Activated And A Couple Of Weeks Later It Just Died It Was alittle Slow Before But Not Terrible Not Pleased At All With The company I Got The Phone From I Chose Them Because They Had A High Rating But I Guess That Is No Good Either

Got the phone sooner than they said.  It was missing the instruction manual but the rest of the packaging and phone itself was brand new.  Was replacing this with one just like it that was getting erratic.  .

phone was in perfect working condition!! bionic was the way to go for my mother (its her first smart phone) ... she has been able to figure it out with ease and absolutely loves it!!
