
I bought this phone to replace an aging iPhone 3GS. I wanted to try something new, to expand my knowledge beyond just iPhone. In the end, I returned the Galaxy Nexus because I felt it was inferior to the 2.5 year old iPhone I was replacing.First, the battery life is a joke. The battery in my 3GS is 2.5 years old and lasts better than the brand new extended battery did on the Galaxy Nexus. I was turning off wifi, sync, bluetooth and dimming the screen to minimum while at work, and it still wouldn't make it 10 hours without a charger. I did not turn off 4G, notably.Keyboard lag: I found when typing, particularly in landscape when typing more than a few sentences, that the keyboard would start lagging. I could get several words ahead of it. My original iPhone had this problem when the 2.0 software came out in 2008, and it felt like I was taking a step back 3.5 years with the Galaxy Nexus. I did try several fixes suggested by the numerous forum discussions I found on it, including turning off the sound and tactile response. Nothing improved this lag.Spell check bug: This was ridiculous and a blatant bug in the software. When in landscape, if I mistyped a word, it would put the red line under it normally. Touching the word brings up a list of suggested words, and I would select the correct spelling. Then when I'd go back to the end of the sentence to continue typing, my original misspelling was back. In portrait, this worked fine (and I preferred it to the similar function on an iPhone), but in landscape it happened consistently.Scrolling: I noticed this primarily in the official Twitter app, but it showed up to a lessor degree in others. The scrolling was often very choppy, to the point of not being usable. I searched around for fixes for this, and the general consensus in forums was "Yeah, you'll get that. I hope they fix it next time."Verizon coverage: I'd never been completely satisfied with AT&T;, and I was looking forward to Verizon's reputation for having better coverage. Frankly, I found it worse. Maybe it was the 4G, and sticking to just CDMA might have been satisfactory. The 4G would come and go, even when I was in LA, sometimes even when not moving. The switch between 4G and 3G was very frustrating, because the phone killed all data while it established a 3G connection.After I switched back to my iPhone, I had people tell me the voice quality with the AT&T; iPhone was better than the Verizon Galaxy Nexus.One pro I miss with the iPhone is Google Chrome. I use Chrome on my home computer, and syncing the home and mobile versions was very cool. However, that was far from enough to get me to keep the Galaxy Nexus, and there were as many little cons as there were little pros.

I had had the original Droid, and when it came time to replace it, I was torn between this phone and getting an iPhone.  I went with this phone, primarily because of the Navigator (the free turn by turn voice navigation had been great on the Droid).  What a mistake!  I've had it since November, and I can genuinely say that I can't see how I'm going to make it through another year and a half with this phone until I qualify for an upgrade.  Here is a list of the major problems (all of which, I found out after I bought the phone, have been issues for many other users as well): (1) Random reboots.  The phone just randomly shuts itself off and reboots, at unpredictable times of the day.  Sometimes I'm using it, and sometimes it's simply sitting in my purse, doing nothing, when it decides to randomly reboot.  Not such a big problem then, but it's a really big problem when I'm driving down the highway in an area I don't know, relying on the Navigator, and the phone randomly decides to reboot, which then turns the Navigator off, so I have to get off the highway to safely restart the Navigator.  This has happened to me more than once.  (2) Random loss of connectivity.  This drives me absolutely CRAZY!!  The phone will just be sitting in the same spot, doing nothing, and suddenly, it will completely lose connectivity to the Verizon network.  The only thing that restores connectivity is to shut the phone off, wait several minutes, and then start it back up again.  I have to do this at least 2 - 3 times every day, and sometimes many times more.  It might not sound so bad in the abstract, but believe me, once it starts happening to you, you'll realize just how much of a time-wasting pain in the butt this is.  I've read that the problem is caused by the relatively weak radios that Samsung has put into this phone, and by the problems that the Galaxy Nexus consequently experiences when it switches from the 4G network to the 3G network.  I don't know how true this is, though, as this problem often happens to me when the phone has stayed completely in the same place, and therefore, there shouldn't be any switch from network to network.  (3) Navigator is now "broken" on this phone.  Ever since Google updated Maps, the Navigator function is basically broken on Verizon Galaxy Nexus phones.  Instead of saying the names of streets, exit numbers, how far ahead a turn will be, how long you will stay on the road, etc., the Navigator now only says to turn or exit, with no street name, no exit number, etc.  It's been this way for the past month or two.  I've contacted Google, and they've said that this problem will be fixed once the phone updates to version 4.0.4 of Ice Cream Sandwich.  The problem is, version 4.0.4 has been out for the past 6 months or so, and Verizon has shown absolutely no indication that any of us will receive it anytime soon (Verizon Galaxy Nexus phones are currently running 4.0.2).  So, unless and until Verizon and/or Google get their act together, I'm hosed, and the Navigator -- which is the main reason that I bought the phone in the first place -- is basically unusable.

Whats amazing: Screen, camera shutter speed, OS, overall performance, form factorWhats so so: Battery, you can mitigate issues by turning down brightness and a few other things. But I bought the phone for its amazing screen so oh well.What I find annoying:First, notification/alert and ringer volume cannot be adjusted individually. Don't underestimate how annoying this will become at work or late at night. Hopefully a future update will decouple the two.Second, The external speaker volume (without app boosts) is terrible.Third, This is probably just habit as I moved from the vibrant. But having the headphone jack on the bottom of the phone is irritating. Wish it were on the top. But honestly in time maybe Ill switch my opinion on this.

This phone is by far the best Android phone that I have ever used. It runs so smooth, especially now since the latest 4.2 Jellybean update. The only downside that I have seen on this phone was the battery life, but that was in comparison to the Motorola Razr Maxx.

Hi All -I'm not gonna give some goofy anecdotal story like some Yelp reviewer that people seem to be into. I'm reviewing the phone. Period.Quite simply, this is the best phone I've ever used. Including iPhones. Caveat here, I'm an avid android fan and am pretty against the way apple products are marketed and used - but that being said there is no argument that someone can rightfully make against how well made their products are, simple to use, and extremely polished for a large group of people. I just dont like the closed eco-system or the armies of people that buy them just because they are apple.Moving on. The phone itself is gorgeous. I'm coming from the original verizon droid, the Eris, and then the original Incredible. Loved those little guys. But this phone makes those look like toys. The speed is fantastic in terms of operating functions. Everything is so smooth in terms of screen transitions and apps opening and operating. Couldn't believe the noticeable difference from previous phones and android versions.Ice Cream Sandwich is phenomenal. Repeat, phenomenal. It's taken many of the handy features from custom launchers that were out there, and made it stock. ICS on this phone is also untouched by Samsung or Verizon. You're getting the real Android, and it's polished and gorgeous. Widgets are easier than ever to access. The launcher bar is awesome (no need to install third party apps to get that any more), and the recent programs view is handy too. Oh, and the redesigned notifications environment is smooth and efficient.Pros --Amazing screen. Size, resolution, brightness, clarity. Just beautiful. Reinforced glass is nice too, really no need to put a screen protector on it and dull the clarity.-Processor speed. Between dual core and the optimized ICS, this baby is smooth and fast. Coming from previous android versions, this was a real eye opener and i love it.-Verizon 4G. Say what you want about verizon as a company, their 4G is ridiculous. It's like browsing on a normal computer.-Stock experience. No Sense or Touchwiz or Motoblur mucking up the experience. Just Android.-Newly redesigned software. The new Android 4.0 is so much more polished. Just a great experience.Cons --Battery life. It's not terrible, and to be honest isnt a whole lot worse than my Incredible was. But that being said, it's still not great. Chalk that up to 4G, a huge screen, and beastly processor. It's a trade off you have to expect unfortunately. Not a deal breaker, just something to be aware of. I haven't had any real issues, but it is noticeable and I want to make an honest review. No product is perfect.-Volume/Vibrate. I've read some issues with volume, but I havent had any big issues. I could use a stronger vibrate function. It's hard to feel when in a coat pocket.-4G? This is not really the phones issue. More the state of the market. 4G isnt in all cities yet, and if you travel outside the big cities, you might not have coverage. Something to consider.All in all, not much to dislike here. I think you'd be nitpicking in the grand scheme of things. It's the best phone I've ever used, and in my OPINION, the best phone available today. But, use you're own judgement and research and make a choice that's best for you. I definitely recommend this phone however.Good luck.

Why is it that new customers get this phone for $100 cheaper then old loyal customers. Verizon needs to reward its loyal customers rather than pander to the new ones. I have been a loyal Verizon since the Alltel days, yet I have to may more for renewing my contract and upgrading my phone. Not fair Verizon, not fair. I may go to ATT or Spring this time.

I am not a hater. I will say up front that Amazon still has great customer service, and even Verizon has been helpful in resolving issues.  But here is my Cautionary Tale.Now that Sprint is rolling out 4G LTE phones, but has no 4G LTE network, my old HTC Evo 4G was suddenly faster than even their newest HTC Evo 4G LTE which can't connect via Wimaxx. So I left, and after Jelly Bean's announcement, I leapt at this no brainer - buy a Gnex for a penny, and even if I broke contract after 6mo, it would only be $350 per phone which was the going rate on Google Play for an unlocked version anyway. I bought two - one for me and the Mrs.. The fact that the phones were a penny each made breaking my Sprint contract easy, and forking over the penalty didn't feel too bad.A few days later, the phones arrive, and we are both running up to date ICS 4.0.4.  Her phone - no problems - F'n awesome.  Mine? Unfortunately, the connectivity issues that have plagued reviews of this phone since 4.0, started on day 2. Text messages won't send 50% of the time due to "no network," 25-50% of phone calls cut out if I include dropped network while dialing.  I called Verizon tech support hoping they had a fix, since it seemed absurd that they would still be selling this phone if was this unreliable.  The advice was, "This is a known issue for this phone. I would get a new phone.""You mean a replacement?""No, I mean a new model."Called Amazon Wireless - "Well...if you read the reviews, this seems to be a hit or miss device." They graciously offered to exchange the defective device.Went to the Verizon store - "Call customer service, and see if you can get an SIII."Called Verizon again today. The Tier 1 support guy said, "I'm sorry your first experience with Verizon has been like this. However, I am not sure getting a new phone is the best advice, let me transfer you to Tier 2." And what did Tier 2 say? "I would get a new model phone before your 14 day window expires."I am heartbroken, because in the short time I've had it, I thought this phone would take me through 2 years. But what good is a phone that can't make calls? It's just a small tablet.The fact that my wife's phone works shows why some reviews are great. But the network issue seems to persist, and even the most current update has not fixed this. This is hit or miss phone, and seems to have serious HARDWARE (no software fixes) issues.  As such, I don't believe that exchanging the device will solve the problem.  The last thing I need is to be locked into a contract with a phone, constantly taking trips to the store, exchanging it for a new one, reloading apps/configuring etc.  My time is worth more than the savings a penny price tag gives me.I'd pass, or at least wait until AmazonWireless offers the SIII, so if you get a dud, you can return it for an SIII for likely $199.98 more.  However, I have not been able to determine that this problem won't come up in time, even if you get a "working" nexus.

I was really excited to get this phone but the signal strength is very poor and it thus drops calls a lot. This problem is posted all over the internet. When I call Verizon every rep has a different answer. I was told that it is a software problem that will be fixed by an update but it is now almost May with no update more than 4 months later. Most Verizon reps say this is not a known issue even though it is posted all over the internet including their own forum. Most people are told to exchange their phone for a refurbished phone that ends up having the same problem even after several exchanges.I called Samsung and they said it is a hardware problem and I need to send it for repair.I suspect that this is a known hardware problem with the phone in either the antenna or "radio" that cannot be repaired. I think the phone needs to be redesigned and rebuilt. I do not think the companies want to admit it because it would result in a very costly widespread recall or refund.Still waiting for the update to see if it fixes the problem.

This phone might not have "cutting edge" hardware by the time you read this, but the aoftware will be long after other lesser phones stop receiving software updates from the carriers.Nobody who cares about being up to date should consider anything but a Nexus device.

Very excited it will be here before Xmas! 2nd phone purchased from Amazon Wireless and they have been great! Looking for to its arrival Monday!

Had this phone for about a week and a half and switched it out for a HTC Rezound.Pros1. Excellent screen. (Really one of the best I have seen.)2. Ice cream sandwich.(Good solid operating system,not a lot of bloatware on the phone)Better than previous android and htc sense3. Very thin and light did not feel weird in my pockets.4. 32 gb of internal memory. (Plenty of memory for the time being)Cons Compared to the rezound my brother had at the time which I later purchased as well.1. Audio quality. (the speaker phone did not seem as clear, and the was not as loud in my opinion. the headphones it came with were not as good as well)2. Camera (Picture quality seemed grainy, and after a couple of days it did not respond and then started working again)3. No sd card slot4. Battery life (really poor but many smartphones are,I am not too impressed with my rezounds battery life coming from a normal non smartphone, but not a deal breaker for me)5. Size (pain to text with one hand, and felt a little weird when talking.)6. Reception and connectivity (I feel the htc has better reception, and is less likely to drop calls I live in a good coverage area and would have connections on the internet not hold as well as the rezound)7. Because it is thin and light I felt if I dropped it that would be the end of it.Ultimately I am happy I switched,because the new phone is a little faster and smaller.However ICS is great, and HTC sense is not as good in my opinion, but I can live with it. The screen on the sense is good in picture quality, but not quite as good from all viewing angles regarding glare, so it is a give and take scenario. The beats headphones are a nice bonus, but not the reason for me to switch.The camera on the sense in my opinion blows away the galaxy though, it is not even a comparison. Hope this review helped, feel free to leave any comments.

Who are all the loosers writing these long, book like reviews?  Hello, its a phone.  It is used to make phone calls and access email, text and other data.  These huge reviews are a waste of time and space.  I am a working professional, I do not have time to read all this stupid crap.  Just write a simple review.  Tell me if the device is good or not.  Is it worth the price?  You can just shove all the other crap.

First Samsung Nexus arrived... on the first day (with a full charge)it powered itself off several times (during phone calls, exploring apps and while text messaging).  Sent it back and received a replacement Samsung Nexus w/in a couple days.  The second day of ownership, the speaker on the bottom goes out... no ringing, can't go hands free, and no sounds w/ the exception of the earpiece speaker for phone calls.  Had to leave the phone on "vibrate" to notify me of incoming calls... sending this one back too.  2 strikes in a weeks time.  Tied into a 2 year contract I'm not going to take my chances on a third Samsung Nexus.  I'm opting for something else.  Wanted to like it, enjoyed it when it worked, great screen/display.  After 1 week and two Nexus later, ended up hating it!

Let me start off by saying I have been an avid iPhone and iPod touch user for about 4 years. I tried android back in 2010 with the Samsung Fascinate (what a mistake!). I swore off of android and Samsung phones until some better technology came along, since 2.1 and 2.2 were pretty laggy.Fast forward to 2012 and I have a craving for a new phone. The iPhone 4 is nice, but it's very limited. I wanted an android device that wouldn't be bogged down by TouchWiz, Motoblur, and whatever LG thinks they're doing. Enter the Galaxy Nexus.This phone is sleek, stylish, fast, and (on contract) affordable. Let me start with the pros list:PROS:FAST! This thing can run many apps at a time and still fly back to them. There's a hiccup here and there, but that should be eradicated with the official Jellybean 4.1.1 update.BEAUTIFUL SCREEN! The AMOLED on my Fascinate was nice, but Super AMOLED definitely takes the cake with colors popping. Plus, it's 720p so it's amazingly clear and crisp with text and pictures.VERY EASY TO ROOT+HACK! This phone practically begs to be hacked and ROM'd. It's easy to unlock the bootloader, root, and install custom ROMs. I'm running Jellybean right now, VZW probably won't release an official OTA update until at least autumn (and that's being generous). If you know how (or are willing to learn how) to install ROMs, this phone will always be updated with the latest Android firmware, thanks to the dev community.4G LTE: It's WICKED fast. My first test I got 20mbps download and 18mbps upload! It is 3x as fast as my home cable connection! This can be both a pro and con, however, because you'll burn through your limited data faster.Very customizable: This comes straight from ICS or Jellybean. There are so many options from different apps, launchers, themes, ROMs, kernels, and everything in between. This is why android is the complete opposite of iOS. And it's amazing to set your phone apart from others, aside from having just a different wallpaper and apps.Headphone quality: The stock headphones they give you are actually pretty great. Combine it with one of the equalizer apps akin to Beats Audio and this phone can pump out the bass! Way better than iPhone.CONS:BATTERY. My iPhone 4 would last through at least an entire day under moderate use. Sometimes even into the next day. The GNEX unfortunately does not. I only have 4G rarely, not at home or work, so the LTE is not draining it. I'm constantly on Wifi at home, 3G at work, and I've seen my battery go from 100% at 3PM to 50% at 6pm. And that's with GPS, 4G, and Bluetooth off. I highly recommend an extended battery if you plan to be away from a charger for long. It's an amazingly powerful device, it's a shame that Samsung only put an 1850mAh battery in, and not something larger like the RAZR MAXX.VOLUME: The GNEX is significantly quieter than previous phones I've had, including the iPhone 4. I have to search for specifically loud ringtones so that I can hear my alarm in the morning. It sucks that Samsung gypped out on audio volume.SIGNAL STRENTGH: This has never been a strong point in the recent Samsung smartphones. I had a Samsung Alias 2 back in 2009 and that phone always got 3-4 bars, where my Fascinate and now GNEX get 1-3. My iPhone could even have 1 bar but still send and receive data. The GNEX loses 3G more often in the same spots (namely my job, terrible deadzone). The Wifi is weaker as well, my iPhone would get 2-3 bars while my GNEX gets 0-2 and drops occasionally. Hopefully an official update can fix the radios.NO SD SLOT: This seems like it isn't that much of an issue, since the phone comes with 32GB of internal memory. However, some apps have an issue from this. DoubleTwist, one of the best iTunes replacement music apps, cannot sync over USB because the GNEX cannot be mounted. I know there is a reason why Google does this, but it's a damn shame.Conclusion:Overall I would recommend this phone. I would also highly recommend buying an extended battery, a Seidio or QCell 3800mAh should get you through 1.5-2 days per charge. The 4G, if it's in your area, is ridiculously fast. And the phone is beautiful. If you have $20 to spare on the extended battery, I'd say go for this phone. It's pure android, and it's fast all around.Recommended apps:Lightflow, it allows you to change the color and frequency of the notification LED. I have texts light up blue and low battery red, in addition to plenty of other options.Nova Launcher: This launcher is only for android 4.0+ and it is way more fluid and customizable than the stock launcher. Also, it's free.PGM Nexus: This app is awesome. It lets you swipe across the screen to unlock the phone, and swipe back across the bottom to lock it again. It's useful if you're like me and not a fan of the side-lock button on Samsung phones.

The good:- The phone is light and feels great in your hand. Some people prefer heavier phones but I really love how this phone feels. It also looks great.- The screen is great. Large and very high-res. (Colors aren't fantastic, though. I stopped noticing after a day or two.)- The phone is extremely responsive. My big problem with my last Android phone is that it was clunky and unresponsive. Scrolling is smooth and apps are very fast.- Verizon LTE. Where I live I get about 18 megabits per second consistently. It still amazes me.The bad:- My first one had serious signal problems. It lost *all* cell signal for a few minutes at a time at least once every half hour, which killed the battery. This meant I was unable to call, text, or use data (or receive calls and texts) until it picked up again. If this happens to you, take the phone back. The Verizon store swapped mine without hassle and the new one doesn't have this problem at all. Apparently this is a common problem.- There's an issue with multitouch which can prevent the phone from recognizing two fingers at once. Apparently this is bad for gaming, but it also affects typing, depending on how quickly you type. Letters are occasionally skipped because the phone didn't sense my finger. This is apparently going to be fixed in an upcoming patch, but it's been delayed by Verizon for several months, so who knows when that'll happen.- The maximum ringer volume is way too low. You're likely to miss it if you're in the other room, and the alarm's not going to wake you up if you're a heavy sleeper. Luckily there's an app called Volume+ on the market that fixes this by increasing the max volume. You don't even have to root your phone.The three star rating is due to Verizon's slowness in releasing the update. Models of the Galaxy Nexus for other carriers suffered from the same signal and multitouch issues, but they were updated months ago. This phone is pushing 5 months old and still hasn't received an update since launch day, despite major bugs. Samsung did a great job, Google did a great job, but Verizon needs to get its act together.

This is the greatest phone i have ever owned and seen. I was trying to decide if i should get this our the iPhone 4s and picked this. Im very glad i picked this. The screen is perfect for me becasue i like that it is bigger than other phones and has an amazing screen. The camera is very good too. i love this phone. i would recommend this to anyone who loves technology.

FACEBOOK  SYNC has not been supported since 2.3.6 Gingerbread. Nothing new there. As to the menu button any one that did not know this has read NOTHING about a major purchase they just made. There are hundreds of reviews of this phoneon the Internet. Bying an expensive device with a 2 year contract without reading about it is plain stupid.

I had everything ready to purchase this phone then I realized that nowhere does it mention an HDMI cable. How can I hook it to my t.v. id there isn't an availbale port? I really wanted to buy this phone, very disappointed and hoping I just overlooked the HDMI connection somewhere. If not, it is useless to me.

This is my 2nd smart/Android phone.  My first phone was a Motorola Droid and I was pretty happy with it.  I got this phone with high hopes and instead of a lengthy write up I'm just going to list pro's and cons.Pro's:-Screen size-Screen resolution-Aesthetics (to me)-Phone size; fits well in my pockets and hands (although I'm a 6' guy)Cons:-Worst looking LCD screen I've ever seen (despite the resolution)-Phone randomly crashes and restarts-Worst reception I've ever had on a phone (this is a real problem and don't believe the articles saying the software update fixed the problem, all they did was change the program to show more bars even when the reception is crap) the phone is better suited as a paper weight indoors as it seldom has reception good enough to use 3 or 4g (where I had no problems with my old droid).-Speaker phone volume is to low and is basically unusable-The normal headset speaker isn't loud enough and cannot be heard in such settings as a restaurant.-Google has not supported this phone-Virtual keyboard lags when typing-Poor battery life (with lite use it's dead by the end of the day where as my Droid had no problems and that's using 3g on both phones)-OEM browser crashes and/or becomes unresponsive on a regular basis-Volume/power button locations; easy to accidently pushI read a lot of articles about how this is the best phone for Android... If that's the truth then I should have gotten an iphone or at the very least the new razor.  That's a big deal coming from a guy that's never owned a mac product before.  I would return the phone, but I waited too long in the hopes that google would update and fix at least some of the issues.Update:Finally got Jelly bean.  Phone ran smoother for a day or two then it was back to normal.  Phone still restarts randomly and it lag's doing just about everything.  Phone still has reception problems.  Easily the worst phone I've ever had.

Pros:If you are going to buy an android one this one might last you the length of the contractFirst to get new android updatesThe screen is beautifulYou don't have a skin on top of the base android using unnecessary battery/resources.LTE data speeds are incredible with this phone.ConsAndroid is still more confusing to the lowest common denominator (based on observing my wife) compared to iOS (01/06/2011-Update after initial review, my wife has caught on to the Android experience, it did take a week or two.  Versus when we had the iPhone she was off and running pretty much as soon as she got it).As with other smart phones, and especially ones with LTE you are going to need to charge it if you want to use it frequently.During use the phone gets rather warm/hotThere seems to be a bug presently where if the phone drops a cell signal it has problems picking back up a signal, contributing to already short battery life.

The phone is fine. The service plan however... I signed up for a specfic service plan with specfic charges,  and the first bill has an additional $50 in monthly recurring charges. Don't do business with Amazonwireless- they are dishonest and deceptive

(9/16/2013: Figured I'd put a cap on this review by mentioning I've retired the Galaxy Nexus in favor of a Motorola Droid Maxx, which very much feels like the Galaxy Nexus version 2.0 -- about the same physical size, nearly stock Android, superb all-day battery, great radios, and very swift and fluid.)There are phones with bigger screens (Galaxy Note), faster CPUs and GPUs (Rezound), thinner profiles (RAZR), more memory and longer battery life, but the Galaxy Nexus (Verizon's LTE version) puts a respectable amount of everything together into one package, and leaves me practically nothing to complain about.IN SUMMARY: This may turn into one of my longer reviews, so in a nutshell: BIG, but comfortable to hold, though begs to be used with two hands. Screen is awesome (bright and crisp) & keyboard is accurate. No problems with signal coverage. Average volume levels. Smooth & fluid Android interface feels polished. Camera very good, but vid cam has a lot of issues. "Typical" LTE battery life i.e. widely variable depending on usage, AT BEST a whole day on one charge.Android 4.0 Operating System:Outstanding: The OS feels integrated, speedy and mostly intuitive. Face unlock isn't just a gimmick, it's mostly reliable (though not in bad light), and it's very swift in getting me to the home screen. Swipe-like gestures similar to Palm's failed Web OS are carried over to manage and switch recent apps. The ability to expand widgets and personalize screens is not only fun, but really useful -- for instance, I set up a screen for "home" where I'm more interested in the weather, Facebook & G+ updates, and feeds from my bike forum, whereas my "work" screen has quick access to certain web sites and apps that I use regularly. Icon animations for screen transitions are subtle but just enough to give the front end interface a sort of 3D effect. The selection of "live" backgrounds is neat, but a few of the more graphically intensive ones slow the phone down just a bit -- and as great as they look, I still opt for corny (and static) photos of the kids. Hopefully, this being a Nexus device, new OS updates will come regularly and quickly from Google, without delay from Verizon -- but be aware that this may be a bit of a beta device since it sees the first wide distribution of everything.You'll need to know that because the operating system is new, there will initially be application incompatibilities. This isn't a knock against the Galaxy Nexus -- it's something early adopters of a new platform should expect. I expect this to last only a short while, because new Android 4.0 devices are in the pipe for release in the coming months.Phone & Signal:For starters, I like 4.0's big "clean" dial pad. And it's also easy to dial from any of my contacts, as they culled from all sources (personal Gmail, company email via Exchange, G+). But I prefer to use voice dial because I'm often driving when calling, and I'd prefer voice confirmation ala BlackBerry (Android 4.0 still requires me to look at the screen to confirm). External speaker sound quality is loud enough for most uses, but just slightly quiet & flat compared to other phones (not a problem over my Bluetoothvisor-mounted speakerphoneorheadset), and my voice quality is apparently clear and loud on the receiving end. I live and work in a well covered urban area, so signal strength is rarely a problem with any phone. However, I do have a couple of "dark spots" in the remote areas of where I work, and the GN hasn't dropped a call on me yet. LTE coverage has been equally strong with fantastic data speeds, fantastic, *but* Verizon's 4G antenna is literally attached to the building I work in. It's not enough to say "faster than dialup" as in some respects it is faster than my home cable (longer latency times, however).(Note 1/22/12: There have been numerous reports (confirmed by Verizon) of signal problems in either fringe coverage areas or inside buildings. I, personally, have not experienced any problems with this either with dropped voice calls (CDMA/1X) or dropped data connections (LTE/3G) BUT there is a short "no data" time out when the phone switches from LTE to 3G, or vice-versa. HOWEVER, out of curiosity checked my 3G signal strength in Settings > About (LTE must be switched to OFF to read 3G signal strength, otherwise 4G reception will be displayed) and observed the Nexus consistently -10 to -15 dBm WEAKER than some other Verizon Android & BlackBerry devices I had access to. And to restate, I am in a well-covered area and have had ZERO issues with connectivity.)Camera:It wasn't too long ago that I scoffed at the notion of a "good" camera in cell phone, but more and more I've come to rely on the photo shooter that is **always** with me -- and the Nexus is a sharp shooter. Switching to camera mode and shot-to-shot times are off the hook quick, and the output is excellent. Yes, it's an itty-bitty lens and the low-light shots still require a very steady hand as well as a steady subject. Dynamic range is still a challenge in situations that include bright highlights combined with dark shadows. But focus is usually sharp, colors are mostly accurate not overly bright, and grainy "noise" is kept to a minimum -- mainly in shadowy details. While the lens + sensor can't freeze a busy kid in a modestly lit indoor situation, the super fast shot-to-shot times nearly guarantees that at least one shot will come out without motion blur."But only 5 megapixels?" Meh... compared to previous phones, these photos look --GRRreat-- at the typical resolutions I view them at on my 24" home PC monitor after uploading to Picasa and Facebook. The flash is wonderfully bright and will adequately light a pitch-black subject, though will over-illuminate a subject that is too close. And photos automatically upload off my phone into the ethereal "cloud" via my G+ account, almost like aEye-Fi SD Cardbut one better! And with built-in editing, I can crop, filter and "fix" my pix before I share them.The camera is, without question, more complicated to use than any other current phone, but in that complication some flexibility is offered. The very fast shutter fires on release (not on press), and the exposure seems to be center-weighted (meaning that the lighting conditions at the center of the image will determine how the picture is exposed). This allows a 5-step picture taking process in difficult lighting situations (i.e. brightly backlit scene):- 1. Pan the camera around the subject to achieve the on-screen exposure I desire- 2. Press and hold the shutter button to lock the exposure- 3. (while continuing to hold the shutter release) recompose the shot, if desired- 4. (while continuing to hold the shutter release) tap on the subject I want the camera to focus on, which may not be what I originally aimed at or may no longer be in the center of my frame (if desired)- 5. release the shutter release to fire the shotAlternatively, I can just blast away at the shutter release and hope to get the shot I want. Honestly, outdoor shots come out great with not so much as a quick press of the shutter release. Decently lit indoor shots and flash shots where subjects are a few arm lengths away are *pretty good* without too many exceptions. It's those close-in flash shots and dynamically lighted shots that take time and attention to shoot well.Video Camera:The video camera, on the flip side, leaves a bit to be desired. The picture is presents is "clean," but the rolling shutter aka "Jello Effect" is most definitely present when panning slowly. There's a sort of wobble that appears that may be an artifact of some sort of electronic image stabilization. There's also a problem of intermittent stutters / pauses -- not bad, just very short and noticable. It's less noticeable when shooting in 720p at 30 frames per second, versus the HD 1080p @ 24 FPS mode. And lastly, there's a weird fish-eye effect when panning smoothly IF any objects are in close range; not as evident on long shots. If you're planning on using the video camera function a lot, you'll want to check this out in person before buying -- or see if a software update can correct some of these issues. On the plus side, I can attest that the video images are sharply focused and with good coloration.Video:I absolutely LOVE the YouTube app on this, which is seamlessly integrated with my desktop YouTube favorites and subscribed lists. Videos expand to take full advantage of the 4.65" screen, and have just minimal buffering at the intro (assuming a 4G or WiFi connection), with no blockiness or artifacting/pixelation associated with my previous phone. Or, with Adobe Flash installed, I can access desktop versions of sites such as ABC or NBC to watch full episodes of TV programs.Browser:The stock browser is very speedy and really makes alternates such as Opera Mobile and Dolphin HD unnecessary and, frankly, clunky. Pages pinch zoom smoothly and without lag. Scrolling is equally smooth. Tapping on zoomed text columns reformat them to fit the width of the screen, to eliminate side-to-side scrolling. With Flash installed and Desktop mode selected in the User Agent settings, I have access to just about everything I can browse on my laptop. However, there are some pages which it doesn't render correctly (actually, just one in particular that I use for work) that necessitates Dolphin. Also, there's a browser called ICS Browser Plus available on Android Market that takes the stock Android 4.0 browser and expands on its "Quick Controls," which I highly recommend if you opt to use the browser's full-screen mode.Navigation:Mounted in a Cygnett DashView Universal car mount (not yet available on Amazon), the Nexus makes a very capable personal navigator, complete with moving maps, a very fluid display that zooms in and out of the maap, voice commands, and a very capable voice search function that rivals anything from Garmin. Alternate routes are either one or two screen presses away, and factor in real-time traffic from major freeways and minor surface streets alike. Estimated travel times are good within a few minutes (usually overestimated), but not as accurate as my dedicated Garmin (with OTA traffic) or my BlackBerry Traffic app.One complaint is that the voice search isn't integrated with my phone's phone book, so while it's easy to say "Navigate to Memorial Stadium," with expected results, I can't say "Navigate to Home" or "Navigate to John Smith's Home" (as an example of a personal contact). Navigating to contacts' addresses requires a few extra steps, and can be "starred" (favorited) in Google Maps for quick selection from inside the Nav application. Another complaint is that running the Nav app with the screen + GPS + data running the entire time sucks a lot of juice, and a standard 500mA car charger can't keep up. At minimum, have a high-outputMotorola Rapid Rate Charger, or something with similar charging currents, on hand for navigation use.The the Nav app's credit, if the data connection is lost, my route and the associated maps are all pre-cached, so as long as I stay on-course, I continue to receive turn-by-turn directions.Memory:I may be among the minority, but I am excited about Google's new approach to memory management with this device. One solid block of 32GB means there's no more selecting between an SD memory card or internal storage for audio, video, program and data files. This should put an end to filling up all available space on the internal storage, yet left with gobs of unused gigabytes on the external card.This memory management change necessitated the removal of USB mass storage mode from the device, but the new transfer protocol works great with Windows 7 & XP (your mileage may vary with other operating systems, including older versions of Windows, and will reportedly not play nicely with USB in-car entertainment systems in Ford & probably other vehicles, although streaming over Bluetooth still works).Size:I was a little concerned this phone would be too big, and was even more concerned my wife would find it a problem. It turns out there's a bit of a trade-off: It's slimmer and lighter than either of our previous phones, and the amount of screen real estate is exciting. I take no issues with the build quality -- it feels very refined and techy, not "chunky" like some heavier and/or rubberier phones. This is definitely a challenging device to type on one handed. Just checking emails or flicking through photos of a bookmarked website is one thing, but trying to bat out a quick text message or any other sort of keyboard input practically necessitates two hands. This is nothing new for somebody switching over from a keyboard phone (like my wife's Palm Pre+) but a bit of a change coming from a smaller touchscreen phone with a capable one-thumbable portrait keyboard. And for what it's worth, this is a really easy, uncrowded QWERTY keyboard for my big thumbs to tap on -- even in portrait mode!I've parked mine in anOtterbox Defendercase and, while it fattens the Nexus by a factor of two, the phone's slim build is the only thing that made such a beefy case palatable. You can follow that product link to my review, if you're interested.Screen:Gorgeous. Stunning. Big. Crisp. Bright. Sensitive. Tiny text is crystal clear and easy to read. Colors are very rich and black really is inky black (evident when playing back a movie with dark scenes). If you heard something negative about the "pentile" display this phone uses based on similar displays released recently on phones from Motorola, stop into Verizon and check one out for yourself before forming an opinion. If I have one criticism, it's why is it so difficult to get auto dimming to work correctly?Battery:This is tough to rate. I've been subjecting my LTE Nexus to what I would consider abnormally high usage in the couple weeks that I've had it (1750mAh battery -- 100mAh lower than what the retail phones shipped with) and I can say this with certainty: if you're either tethering or using Verizon's mobile WiFi Hotspot feature, expect to either plug this in to the charger, or run down the battery in a matter of hours. For normal day-to-day use with a handful of phone calls, some data consumption / web browsing + camera use, getting through an 8-hour workday is no problem, and there are days where I can make it to bed with 20% left on the battery, and others when I need a boost as soon as I'm in the car after work. Seems like a pretty typical LTE device, from what I know of this phone's LTE predecessors. It's certainly no "all day and then some" a la BlackBerry, if that's the battery life you're used to. And definitely worse than the GSM version of this same phone.I have since picked up Samsung'sExtended 2100mAh Battery(direct from Verizon by dialing (star)611), and must say that the slight 1- to 2-hour increase in runtime is appreciated.Google's "Nexus" Promise:There are newer/better/faster devices not too far down the road featuring the Android 4.0 operating system and improving on what Samsung delivered here. But what hooked me is the promise of regular updates directly from Google for the lifepan of this device, with very minimal interference or influence from Verizon -- just like they've done with previous Nexus devices. I hope that's how it plays out, because the next hot phone can't be that many weeks away, but chances are it's going to be packed Verizon's bloatware and infrequent updates. Your mileage, of course, may vary. ;-)The Competition (Nexus vs. theHTC Rezound):I hesitate in posting this, because it's very limited in terms of all the other devices available out there, and will surely be out-of-date in a matter of weeks as new phones are announced. But I gave a good, hard look at the HTC Rezound when it came time for me to buy, and it was not an easy decision.The Rezound has a more naturally colored picture, with the same high resolution. The blacks aren't as deep, and the whites aren't as bright, but the LCD display has just a slightly finer focus to it (without getting too technical, I believe due to the pixel arrangement). In theory, the Nexus has an advantage outdoors in bright sunlight (I didn't test a Rezound outdoors).The Rezound has a Snapdragon S3 clocked at 1.5 GHz, but I found the Nexus to have a snappier feel to it. HTC uses their "Sense" skin on the Rezound, and it seems that that has a high overhead requirement. For instance, when looking at available system memory after a fresh boot-up, nearly half is already in use by the system. There's no telling when Android 4.0 hits the Rezound WHAT Sense is going to look like then (could be better, could be worse, in terms of system overhead requirements).The Rezound's camera is fabulous. Where the Nexus shoots more muted colors (some might say "natural"), the Rezound's photos have a richer appearance. The Nexus also has a tendency to blow out highlights (i.e. whites, brights and light skin tones become the same shade of white). This, I believe, will be resolved with a minor correction in the software, and as is, I firmly believe the Nexus photos stand up well on their own and are generally very good -- but the Rezound is undeniably a notch or two better.The Rezound's external speaker is slightly (just) louder than the Nexus', but also has a wider dynamic range. Playing identical audio from the two phones side-by-side, it's not entirely evident which is louder, but the Rezound is definitely a fuller sound.The Rezound is thick and has a smaller battery. Only 4mm thicker than the thickest part of the Nexus, and only 230mAh smaller battery, but the external battery (2700mAh) makes the phone extremely fat.The Rezound uses a 16GB removable SD card (included) to supplement the 16GB of internal memory, to match the Nexus' 32GB. As I wrote in my review, I'm a fan of the single partition system the Nexus is using, so two partitions in the Rezound is a bit of a negative for me, but according to popular opinion I am in the minority here. Also, the Rezound will mount as a traditional USB mass storage drive when plugged into a PC or car audio dock, whereas the Nexus is USB Host (USB OTG) and may result in a few extra hurdles for OS's other than Windows 7.The Rezound -- no two ways about it -- definitely shows stronger 3G signal reception (in dBm's, not bars) than the Nexus. Again, I have no connectivity problems to complain about -- this Nexus has been a dream both with voice calls as well as data -- but I don't doubt some complaints I've read of owners experiencing dropped calls in fringe areas.The Rezound has HTC's track record of infrequent, often tardy OS updates. I am heavily attracted to the Nexus due to Google's direct support of this product over its expected 2-year life cycle.

I received my new phone, and was very excited about all of the features.  It's a beautiful phone with many extraordinary features, but it couldn't be activated properly by Sprint.  I could not activate it on my own or online.  I ended up having to contact a Sprint rep who had to try three times before it was activated.  After it was activated, I had phone service and was able to receive and send text messages, but no data coverage (3g, 4g, or otherwise) except when I would connect it to my home WIFI.  After working with two reps and taking it to two Sprint service centers, they finally gave up and ordered a new one for replacement.  I have to give Sprint credit for not giving up. I've spent the better part of two days with them trying to figure out the problem and resolve it, but they finally gave  up and decided it needed to be swapped out for another one.  This phone is WAY too expensive to have duds.  If you're going to roll out a phone with a price tag like this one has, they need to make sure they work.

Had this phone for over 2 years. Great phone except you can't have 4G going and still expect to make and receive phone calls and texts at the same time! You see the bars thinking you have good Verizon reception, but you actually don't! You then shut down your phone, reboot, and then it all comes back, for a while.....  and you never know when it is gone again. This is a very common problem with these phones and the Verizon network. Which they seemingly don't want to fix. Check out the Verizon wireless forum for more in depth info about this. Being that Verizon couldn't fix my phone, I dowloaded an app that allows me to turn off 4G. So for a year and a half, I am getting all my calls,  I get texts, but only plain texts. Texts with photos, attachments, etc are still blocked. Also group texts from others are blocked. These need 4G to work. So, great phone, but not in the Verizon network.

This is the best Android phone I have used yet. As far as I am aware this is the only phone that has Ice Cream Sandwich out of the box. The processor is very fast and responsive. My old phone was the Droid Eris and this is a major upgrade from the Eris as it has a processor that is several times as fast and nearly four times as much RAM. It also has 32GB of internal storage. It has no SD card, but apps that require an SD card will still work because Ice Cream Sandwich provides a simulated SD card that is actually part of the phone's internal storage. My one complaint about this phone is the battery life. The manufacturers are trying to make phones as thin as possible now and I think that is a bad idea because they have to sacrifice battery life. The Eris could go for three days without recharging, and I have to recharge this phone every day. If they made this phone twice or even three times as thick as it is now it would still easily fit in a pocket and the battery would last much longer. I hope to get the extended battery. The major reason I chose this phone is that it is easy to unlock the bootloader and install a custom ROM, or just install superuser to get root access on the stock ROM. Unlocking the bootloader and rooting allows many customizations such as ad blocking (which both removes annoying ads and reduces data usage), overclocking and underclocking, tethering (connecting the phone to the computer to give the computer an Internet connection through the phone's connection), and flashing custom ROMs, kernels, and radios. The rooted Eris allowed tethering, but it only supported the now-cracked WEP encryption. This phone supports both the obsolete WEP encryption and the more-secure WPA2 encryption. You should always use the WPA2 encryption if your computer supports it. This phone also supports USB tethering, although the rooted Eris did too. Be aware that unlocking the bootloader is not for everyone. You can destroy or severely damage the phone if it is done incorrectly. Another nice feature of this phone is the display. It is one of the highest-resolution displays available, and it is an LED display, not LCD like most other phones. It does use a lot of battery though. Last but certainly not least is the 4G LTE connectivity. 4G LTE is a lot faster than standard 3G. It is almost as fast, maybe even faster than, a DSL landline internet connection. 4G also allows talking on the phone and accessing the Internet at the same time. 4G isn't available everywhere. Sometimes even where it is supposed to be available it will connect to 3G because the 4G signal is too weak. The Eris would do something similar where instead of connecting to 3G it would connect to 1x. 4G does use more battery power than 3G, so if you need to conserve battery and you don't need the extra speed you can turn 4G off.

These reviews are obviously cell phone store owners! Screen is not working well with green and pink and black lines across it after only one month. The extended battery only goes for four hours, so I have to plug it in everywhere I go and carry another battery. Signal gets lost and calls are dropped in the same areas where the motorola phones don't drop calls, so clearly the signal is weak. The sound is poor also, so poor that it's impossible to use as a GPS because you can hardly hear it unless it's close to your ear. This phone is a debacle. Going back to Motorola, what a joke.

I've been an Android user since I switchhed from my iPhone 3G in early 2009. I've been an enthusiastic user of the various custom ROMs and modifications available for these devices. I started with a Nexus One, then moved over to a Droid on Verizon, HTC Incredible, and now the Galaxy Nexus.Having seen each version of Android from 2.0 to 4.0, I'm extremely impressed with what they've done. This phone really wakes up with a custom kernel (I'm on Franco.kernel nightly) and ROM (AOKP nightly r33, soon to be milestone 5). I also flashed the official 4.0.4 radio, and connectivity and 4G changeover are much better. I get excellent reception everywhere, and 4G is blazing fast and reliable everywhere I use it (greater Los Angeles area, Las Vegas, etc.).The phone itself has an amazing screen, it's huge and easy to read, and with my huge hands, easy to type on. I love the resolution and color definition.The performance of the phone is blazing fast. Once you  move to the custom ROMs and kernels, you'll see a world's worth of difference in the already impressive performance. I have no complaints about the phone. I got the 2100 mAh extended battery, and it lasts all day with JuiceDefender (free or $2 premium) enabled. My battery stats when it's nearly drained show 1.5+ hours of talk time and 2.5+ hours of the screen being on, with 4G in use some of the time. This is impressive to me, compared to all the other phones I've had.This may not be the pinnacle of technology or speed, but I highly recommend it for the Android enthusiast.

Cheap - WeakNo, I would not recommend this to a friend.December 28, 2011This product has a cheap feel due to it's plastic. The peel off plastic battery cover pops off often. The screen might be nice, but it uses up the battery! Very short life. The volume is terrible and can't hear the phone ring in your pocket. Needs to add a paid app to boost the volume. The standard email is terrible and very old type that I thought was gone from my Droid OG. The Droid Bionic has great email. I had to buy an app K-9 to get decent email. No side facing dock, cheap car dock. Sorry Samsung/Google/Verizon you blew this one. I was so hoping.......Pros: Bright displayCons: Poor quality, Did not meet expectations, battery, email, volume, no accessories

I've had this phone just over one week. It's going back to Amazon today. The name of this phone should be changed to, "Network not available". This phone lacks a single feature or attribute that pleases me. The navigation is a mess. There is no practical way to configure this device to do anything helpful. Samsung Galaxy Nexus is a big disappointment from the moment it comes out of the box.

Waited for this phone for so long and really enjoying it.  Ice cream sandwich is great and the phone is very fast.

I agree with everyone who does not like this phone.  The things I liked about it were: big enough for me to hold on to, the screen large enough for me to see when dialing, and the sales guy was cute!  Yet 15 days afterwards (too late to return now) it all went down hill.  1. My friend and I would play phone tag due to dropped calls.  2. Charging was a constant even when I had it on standby mode. 3.  Trying to save photos was a hassle because you would have to "edit " them in order to  save them in the camera roll.  I so wanted to not become one of those "I" people but after this phone experience I see myself going into that light.

What's good about this phone?  It has a great display, a great processor, and the changes to Android for ICS are all steps in the right direction.  Among the ICS changes I appreciate the most:  the new "recently-used apps" button, the context-sensitive settings button, the software buttons, the Navigation voice improvements, the very snappy GPS performance.What's bad about this phone?  Well, take a seat.The phone randomly reboots itself every couple days, usually right when I need it the most (in the middle of turn-by-turn GPS navigation).It gets unbelievably hot while charging and using GPS in the car.Far and away the most annoying, call quality can be terrible even with full bars in Verizon 4G.  I spent an hour on the phone with support and they ended up telling me that it was a software issue with Android that should be fixed in a future update, and that if I experience bad call quality I should reboot the phone.  That is an unacceptable "solution", and I've found that I basically get one or two good calls before call quality starts to sound like I'm in the middle of a desert.  It's really unfathomable that the data network is so high-bandwidth that I can make a skype call with crystal-clear voice quality but my cell calls sound like a lawnmower convention.Ok that rant is over.  What else ... battery life is amazingly bad, as documented everywhere else on the internet.The sound stutters when trying to listen to multiple things at once.  For instance, if you're listening to music and using GPS, or a text message comes in, the sound can (not always, but regularly) stutter badly to the point that you want to turn the sound off completely.  It sounds especially bad when you're in the car with the phone plugged in via 3.5mm to your stereo.  Also, would be really nice if there were options to disable incoming sounds when listening to music.  Otherwise using the phone as an mp3 player for company becomes unworkable unless you go into airplane mode.These type of polish issues become especially frustrating when you consider that the Nexus line is supposed to generate Google's "reference phones" for Android.  The Nexus One wasn't as fast and probably couldn't handle ICS, but at least it did what it said it could do.  The Galaxy Nexus has taken a step forward in speed, features, and polish, and two steps backwards in polish (yes, I wrote it twice) and basic functionality.  On top of that, the Android updates that might fix these issues have been delayed for months and no explanations have been offered.If I were buying again, I don't know if even the cheap $50 price could entice me.  I would probably wait for the iPhone 5.  The One X (not on Verizon) and the Galaxy S III are the new Android superphones, but if the Galaxy Nexus running stock Android has these kinds of issues, who's to say the newer superphones won't have them as well?  As annoying as it is to admit, Apple is showing that they are the only company with enough attention to detail to merit the patronage of discerning customers.Update:  I forgot to mention a few issues.One, when I have the phone plugged in to my car charger and hooked up to my car stereo (via 3.5mm), when I hold the phone with my fingers wrapped around the phone just above the base where the charger is plugged, an incredibly annoying loud clicking sound starts coming out of my speakers.  Apparently my hand + the charger causes some kind of electrical interference?Second, the camera frequently has software issues that require me to reboot the phone.  Instagram and the native camera app will say, "Cannot connect to camera."Third, (and this is probably an Android 4.0 issue rather than a Nexus issue), sometimes the phone gets confused about which app a shortcut is supposed to open.  For instance, I could click the Messaging app icon and be sent to the Bacon Reader app instead.  I haven't figured out any sure way to fix this other than rebooting the phone.  Sometimes a pressing the back button a lot will sort the issue out but other times it won't.If any of these problems are fixed in future updates, I will update the review.Update 2:  The (Text) Messaging app doesn't handle drafts correctly.  Very annoying.==========================================================================================Update after using Android 4.1.1 for quite a while:Several of the issues I mentioned above have been addressed in Android 4.1.1.  Specifically1.  The audio stuttering issues have been addressed and a very elegant "sound-over" technique is used when multiple sounds are playing at the same time.  For instance, if I'm using turn-by-turn (the main reason I'll probably never go to an Apple phone) while listening to music and the voice navigation needs to say something, the music audio lowers for a momemt, the voice navigation speaks over the music, and then the music audio raises again.  A very nice solution to the problem of multiple claims on the sound output and a welcome fix to the stuttering issues.2.  The phone no longer reboots itself randomly.  In fact, I had forgotten how much I hated that until I re-read my own review.3.  The text messaging app handles drafts correctly.I will also mention that the new behavior of Jelly Bean is nicer in general.  The UI is more responsive and I like the new Notifications pulldown enhancements quite a bit.  I would also have said that they fixed the "Cannot connect to camera" because that hadn't happened to me in a long time but it did pop up the other day.  So boo to that, but it is much better than it was.  The new "Play Music" app is very thoughtful with several ways to edit your queue (think "Currently Playing') or playlists on the fly that make the app a pleasure to use.  Say for instance that you want to listen to several albums without touching the phone again.  Just play the first one and add the rest to your queue, and you're done.So, what didn't they fix?  The things that you would have expected - the hardware issues.1.  Most importantly, the phone still sounds like crap when making voice calls.  Several comments suggested that I have a bad phone and I should exchange it, but given the number and type of complaints I have seen from some other Galaxy Nexus owners, I'm afraid to exchange it lest the devil I have be gentle compared to the devil I don't.2.  The battery life is still awful.  Although, I'm willing to exchange battery life for screen size if that is the trade-off you have to make while battery technology develops.  You just have to have chargers everywhere.3.  The phone still makes an odd clicking sound when you hold it in a certain way while using the 3.5 mm out.Ultimately I use the phone as a handheld computer the most, and as a talking device secondarily, so I'm just going to put up with the hardware issues until my contract is up.  I don't think it's worth $250 to break contract and get a better speaking phone.Also, I have no desire to join the back-slapping circle of Apple owners congratulating themselves on their great taste.

I think my review will be most helpful.I had the 3gs, contract was up so I decide to live wild and get new bigger phone, as the only thing I didn't like was the small IPHONE screen.G Nexus is a good phone, however there are many things that annoy me about the phone. The Tilt function is kinda slow when turning the phone and having the screen adjust, the LED alerts are better on the IPHONE, the music Player is better on the IPHONE( thats a big one for me as it sucks loading new music onto the Nexus), the Battery on the Nexus is HORRIBLE, totally horrible, constantly have to charge it (blame 4g, yes i know u can turn 4g off), i find the clock/alarm clock on the iphone better, I had the buttons to wake up the nexus, and I hate the volumn contorls on the NExus. Also bookmarks suck on Nexus.Another big one, VoiceMail and the Phone Dialing app sucks on the Nexus in my opinion.Ok i am getting tiredThe Nexus good- Larger screen, 4g is super fast, bright.After 3 months, I honestly plan on breaking my contract and getting the new iphone ( assuming they add a 4in screen and 4G) and I hate the idea of paying money to break a contract, but I just might.I would wait for the next IPHONE if I was you reading this review.

best phone ever no skin...runs flawlessly.  blows iphone out of the water with higher resolution screen. plus its a nexus so youll always have the latest and greatest updates.

I'll keep this short.  The phone and Andriod 4.0 are fantastic.  There are a couple changes that take some getting use to from Gingerbread.  LTE is Amazingly fast!  (20 Down and 17 up on average for me)And yes the battery is not so good. You will NOT make it though a day of normal use without the need to plug it in at least a couple of times.I'm very happy with my phone even with far less then perfect battery life.

great phone and all... nice, sleek, speedy, and rather attractive phone... however that battery life is just plain atrocious... it's just as bad as the droid bionic and it gets only about 4.5 hours of battery life at the most when browsing 4g

This phone rocks especially when it's rooted with cm9 the signal is kinda bad but I just use copper sheeting to the lte antenna and it works better besides that it's a perfect phone for people who have big hands. I can't wait for the docking stations to be available. Can't believe this thing has a 720p screen but I wish there was netflix in hd since I have unlimited data. Also this could be useful you can get an extended battery for $25 at Verizon and it doesn't give to much bulk.

I am an electronics engineer with 20+ years of working engineer. I got this phone immediately after it appears on the market.1- That battery life on this phone is 4 hours at the best. This is a serious problem if you are traveling.2- It overheats and you actually feel the phone getting hot.3- I changed the phone twice with the same problems.4- The software is fine, but that's vanilla Android.This phone uses Samsung CPU and I think that is the source of high battery consumption.

The good: I'm a fist time android consumer and I love the software on this phone. The screen is also very good. Also liked the phone size, which is probably a little bit too big for the pocket (got a pouch for it).The bad: phone died on the second week. Sansung took 3 weeks to fix it. Meanwhile no updates were available, and at the end no explanation is provided about what was wrong with it. Terrible customer support they have.I'm also disappointed by the accessories availability, mainly the car dock that does not use the 3-pin charging capability (witch is available for the European version).

This is supposed to be the flagship Google phone and while pretty cool, it's no iPhone killer.  The screen is pretty awesome but has weird effects when the screen is grey and there are reports of burn in.  The battery life is absolutely abominable.  I'm getting 6 hours with an extended battery.  Unacceptable.  Ice cream sandwich is a big jump but still not near as smooth as IOS.  LTE speeds are pretty great but that's about it.  Oh and the sound is so low you can't hear it.  This is a known bug that can be helped with a third party app, but the fact they let this phone released like this is pretty sorry.  I would go with the Droid Razr Maxx instead of this.

I purchased the phone about 3 months ago.I had many doubts before getting this phone due to the widely noted battery woes. However, much to my pleasant surprise, the battery has not been an issue for me. I am not a power user. I use an app or two, check email, txt, and use gps. So as a light user, I feel I should be able to have a phone that can at least last the day. With so many people complaining about the battery, I was afraid that this phone will not even last that long. However, it has. And I didn't even get the bigger battery as many people have.Verizon LTE has been impressive. Now you can actually use the web on your phone.Ice Cream Sandwich is slick enough, but it is buggy. Some apps don't work, some apps crash, sometimes phone crashes and reboots, but its okay. The Nexus series is the phone to have if you want to get the latest version of Android from Google, as other manufacturers often just don't bother making their older phones compatible with new Android versions.GPS requires more time to acquire a signal lock than my Nexus One. Bluetooth handshake seems to be more reliable than my Nexus One so I'm happy about that.AmazonWireless is awesome. Amazon's $99 is great compared to Verizon's $299 for this phone!  Simple UI and great customer service by phone.

The Galaxy Nexus is the newest in the line of Google branded phones. Like its predecessors, it is packaged with the latest stock version of Android and the hardware is produced by a 3rd party. In this case the Galaxy Nexus is toting Android 4.0 and was made Samsung.It's a gorgeous phone, and the Verizon version feels nice in the hands, unlike many other of Samsung's Galaxy phones. The hardware is bordering on being standard with the usual high-end suspects, but with one exception, an NFC radio. But I digress, the star of this show is Android 4.0. aka Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS). ICS might as well be considered a completely new version of the software as opposed to a simple upgrade, as the version number's jump of a whole digit would indicate. The OS is vastly improved in nearly all categories: native apps and services, 4G battery life, UI/UX, cohesiveness. Best of all, it runs like butter, especially on the home screen if you aren't using a live wallpaper.With its impressive performance, massively improved OS, and fast VZW 4G speeds (I regularly get mid to high teens (mpbs) in New Orleans), this is that term that everyone lusts to use: an iPhone Killer!There are of course a few knocks like any other product, but overall this phone does most things exceptionally well and has no discernable deal-breakers unless you either need a keyboard (get with it already!) or have sync/network preferences. But if you aren't married to Apple, RIM or Microsoft's ecosystem, it is THE phone you should get unless you want to wait until you see what makes it to stores from CES or what Apple has cooking up its sleeve.Me: Galaxy Nexus, Unlocked and Rooted CDMA version, Verizon Wireless, Android 4.0.2, Nova beta10 Rom/Launcher, extended battery.

How much is 4G LTE worth if the battery dies after 10-11 hours; or God forbid if you use the phone, you will have a dead phone in 5 or 6 hours.  Some recommend switching to 3G; maybe Verizon or Samsung should refund my money for paying for a lemon.Reception is another story; static, hard to hear and Verizon spokeswoman says it is the Bars, not the reception. I wonder if she bets her job on her word?I return this garbage and stick to my older phone; at least I know it lasts a week.

THE GOOD...Excellent HD display, colors really pop. Very good for video viewing and to view pictures.Impressive Android 4.0 features. The new font really stands when you are browsing your emails or when you are interacting with any of the OS's apps (Calendar, browsers, youtube, maps etc.).With the good display and nice 4.0 performance phone interaction has nice buttery smooth flow.THE BAD...Phone does not feel sturdy. You will most likely be handling the device like a tablet. You probably will be hesitant to throw even on your bed. Battery cover on the back does not fit perfectly, especially around the camera it dangles.Camera's indoor performance is very poor.Music player quality is not up to the mark.Placement of the contextual menu moves around. If it stays within your thumb reach you are ok. Considering its big size it should stay within your thumb reach otherwise it makes it harder to use the phone. Probably Google guys didn't think about this.THE UGLY...Call quality on the receiving end is very low in volume. You would be struggling to hear by pressing the phone to your ear, especially when you are talking outside. You really need super quiet room to hear clearly. And also phone seems to demand very high single to improve the call quality any better.I heard static many times.Also had couple of dropped calls.External volume on the phone is also not so strong. You probably will have many missed calls by not hearing the ring tone.BOTTOM LINE...I switched from AT&T; to Verizon just to get this phone. In the end I was very disappointed and had to return the phone and get Droid RAZR. I am very glad that I did this. RAZR feels very sturdy, and feels like a phone fit for your daily use. I don't see any of the BAD or UGLYs I saw with nexus. I am hoping that some of the nexus's goods will come to RAZR when they do the OS update.

This is the best phone on Verizon period. I dropped my new iphone4s from a 12 foot ladder at work and it shattered, literally. I should have bought the insurance... I did not . The VZW rep gave me a very "slight" discount for being a loyal customer, so I bought the Nexus. I am so glad I bought this. The screen is large and colors pop. The new operating system is beautiful and very fast. The build quality is good, but the iphone probably edges it out a little in quality, but the iphone is glass and breaks easily.. so it's probably a wash. The only con I could find was battery life. Get the extended battery. A screen this big uses the battery quicker than a smaller screen. 4G speeds are so fast, it's close to my home cable line speeds.. Lastly I love the ability to customize my phone. Android is MUCH easier than other OS's. This is really a great phone Overall I'm very happy! I love it.

I'm not one to review products but felt that I should review this one. I'm reviewing this product not because I'm unhappy with the product nor because I'm in love with it but for its known issues that for some reason aren't reflected in most of these reviews or the rating of this item.I really loved the phone and especially the OS (I'm going to leave that out of the review cause this review at this time has nothing to do with the OS)! The phone was fast and had the greatest display I've seen on a phone to this point most of the other positives in other reviews are true as well.There however is one glaring issue it's reception! It can't make basic phone calls without dropping calls. I would go 2-3 minutes before I was able to send a text message due to not having any reception even when standing in the same spot that a few min ago I had full bars! I thought briefly that it was my location (a major metro area - also traveled to another major city during my brief time with the phone) I however have never had issues with my old phones nor has my fianc&eacute; in our location. Regardless it ended up coming down to a hardware/software issue (depends on who you believe) with the phone please do a Google search on reception issues with the Galaxy Nexus and you will see there is plenty out there. When I went to take it back to change out my phone for a new one (with in the 14 day grace period so that it would be new and not referb) the 3 sales reps at the Verizon store just shook their heads as soon as I started describing my issues and why I was returning it. They then advised me away from getting another Galaxy Nexus as they said the same issue is going to persist. They even went as far to say they try not to sell them anymore because all they do is come back!The long and short is I did love this device and OS but not the phone it was not even really a phone. If I had an emergency and had to call or text someone a 70% chance that my phone will work is not good enough for me neither is dropping 30-40% of the calls that I am able to make. Take what you will from this review as I read so many reviews prior to purchasing this phone just wish I would have paid more attention to the ones that talked about the reception issues.

I have had this for about 3 weeks now.  At first I was excited, then disappointed and now happy.Stage 1 - Excited:  This is a cool looking phone.  It is huge, the screen is great, it is fast.  Really fast.  Especially when compared to my DroidX.  ICS is a big improvement.Stage 2 - Disappointed:  The battery dies quickly on LTE (get an app to toggle it).  The screen can almost seem too big.  Verizon's car dock SUCKS.  You might need to buy a new car charger (I did) after realizing that your existing one can't keep up with the screen and LTE.  The anti-glare screen protector that VZ pushed on me is garbage (remove it) and the extended battery is overkill.Stage 3 - Happy:  Once I figure out solutions for all of the annoyances I am really happy with it.  I can easily get a day with the normal battery and email use / web browsing.  The MHL adapter is awesome.  It replicates your screen on a TV (just make sure that you have power to it).  I am sure that (fill in the blank) might be better in some one off aspect, but I am still happy with this purchase.  The phone and ICS are (IMO) about as good as it gets right now.  Until iOS gets widgets, it isn't better.

This phone is so bad that I feel compelled to write a full and detailed review on it to help warn any potential buyers of its serious problems.Let me start off by saying, this phone was a very great device. I was extremely impressed with the features of it especially after updating from an outdated flip phone. The OS is even better than my Ipod 4g in my opinion but as time went on, I started noticing problems with it. Keep in mind, this happened over the course of only 2 days. In this case, 2 days is more than enough time to see what this phone has to offer.First problem i noticed, the phone tends to become extremely hot when charging almost to the point of burning. This didn't bother me too much so I ignored it.Second problem was much more serious. The phone has an atrocious battery life. It could only last a few hours on STANDBY mode. I barely even touch the phone for the whole day and I come back to it later to find that it has about 30% battery left. What gives? So this problem is pretty bad. I won't be able to play with the phone too much on the go just in case I need to make an emergency call. But this brings us to the third and final problem which ultimately makes this phone virtually useless.Final problem, the connection. This phone suffers from a product breaking defect that causes it to lose connection COMPLETELY. I'm in the middle of a call with my friend and all of a sudden the call abruptly ends. I brush it off and talk to him again in a few seconds only to have the same thing happen again. The same thing happens with texts. It can take me up to 4 tries just to send a text over to my friend. A phone that can't send calls or texts nor receive them is completely unacceptable. What would I do in an emergency? The connection spends more time being gone than working. I searched the internet for a possible fix to this problem to only to come up with nothing so I have no choice but to return the phone. It's a shame because the software on the phone is excellent. But what use is it if I can't make calls? I can't even search the web when the connection goes either.After doing much research, I found out that this is a VERY common problem so please think twice before buying this phone. The only reason I'm giving this 2 stars is because of the amazing software that the phone offers but the connection makes it an utterly useless brick of plastic. Please don't become a victim of this phone.Thank you for reading and I hope this helped.

Despite newer hardware available from Samsung & other manufacturers, this is still the best device available on VZW. It's the only device that ships without a bunch of un-removable bloat/crapware. It's the only one without a resource-hogging skin/UI & the only one with the software buttons intended to work with ICS (and soon to be Jellybean). Furthermore, this device has more community & developer support than any other device currently available, especially on Verizon.The battery life is not stellar, but an extra battery with external charger is &lt;$30 & well worth it to NEVER have to plug in your phone.Clean OS, no bloat, 4G, NFC, unencrypted bootloader & unbeliievable community & developer support make this phone unique, if not legendary. 7 months after launch, it's still the best device on Verizon, and now one of the cheapest. Apple seems to agree as they've sued to block sales in the US of this phone. Yesterday it was not available even on Amazon. Today it's back. Get one now before they're gone or pulled from shelves again. There probably won't be another Nexus on VZW anytime soon, which is bad for everyone but Verizon.If you like Verizon's coverage but hate the company, this is the phone they don't want you to have. How sweet it is!

Pros:1) Very large and crisp screen-website, videos and everything looks great. Text looks very good due to 720p resolution.2) 4G/LTE speed is very very good in good reception areas.3) Very fast processor and stable device4) Very good Google integration. It can do a very good sync with google apps. Moving contacts is really good.5) Don't worry too much about the bars-i think it's not representing it properly.Cons:1) Verizon 4G/LTE is in it's early stages. Battery doesn't last for full 4 hours after heavy use. You have to keep your charger with you forever. I believe there are some tweaks possible(reduce screen brightness, switch off un-necessary data hungry apps, Wifi etc...). I got various responses from Customer service that due to dual core the power consumption is on higher side. But i think it keep on searching the 4G and 3G signal-plus bad overall kernel for Android Ice cream sandwich, very large screen could be culprit for that. Just the way Motorola came up with Droid Razr Maxx with >3000 battery - Samsung needs to do something to save this product.2) Signal also fluctuates. My colleagues - simple verizon phone has better signal than this one at the same location. I have lost signal few times.3) For me Camera is not an issue. I should have appreciated if they have extended capacity for this phone via micro SD card.4) Sound is average though speaker voice is not loud enough. As and when i set alarm on this device-i could never wake up. Missed few calls also as the speaker voice is low.5) To preserve battery life - i have to reduce the screen brightness, check the apps which is not required, shutdown the phone also....but is it the way one should be using the phone.6) Transition from landscape to portrait mode doesn't happen instantaneously.7) Phone really gets hot while charging, while talking....Anybody who purchases a cell phone should think of that at least the basics are right-it should have the right signal, good battery life, ring volume and the call quality is good. Rest of the features like big screen comes later. If i talk continuously on this phone for 1.5 hours...battery will drain away...1850 extended battery is joke...anything less than 3000 battery won't save this device.My advice - stay away from this device unless Samsung/Google/Verizon fix the issues and provide the extended battery by default. If Samsung/Veizon fix the above two issues-many iPhone lovers would like to switch to this device. Verizon Customer service has tried all possible explanations...but i am over 14 days so i can't return this equipment back.I have spent close to 4 hours - spanning across some 6 sessions with Verizon Technical Support to fine tune my battery. They provided some tips but at the end of the day - it can make my phone battery last for 4 hrs and 30 minutes-making sleep time 5 seconds and reducing screen brightness to the lowest possible range. Went to Veizon wireless retail store but the same response. Now all of them shamelessly says - but the extended battery(another $50- i heard verizon offered at the discount of $25). It's just too much-the phone with all the taxes comes out to be some $340 plus essential accessories making it almost $375. After buying the extended battery - it will be around $425. 3300 mAH battery is coming out to be around $60 with all the features and making this phone really bulky. Can Verizon/Samsung has the guts to advertize all about extended battery and the actual cost of this phone?Revising the review on 7th Feb 2012Within a month - i tried two Samsung Galaxy Nexus from Verizon and returned both of them. Going for Motorola Droid Razr Maxx.

I have had this phone for two months now.  I waited and waited for this phone to be released. I so want this phone to work.  I love the basic premise of the phone, the simplicity etc.  Great screen and graphics.  Nice size.  Very tablet like. It is by far the most advanced of any cell phone.  NOW, the negative...sigh.  There is a definite antenna issue.  I live about a half of a mile from the nearest Verizon tower.  I can see it out of my window as I type this.  Reception of the signal on my phone is terrible.  I rarely ever get 4g.  I am lucky to get 3g.  Often the bars show a tiny corner of gray. I had much better reception on my original Motorola Droid.  Samsung will say that there is a problem with the manner in which the bars show signal.  NOT.  I routinely drop calls.  At least twice a day.  If you are on a call for any length you will start to hear small bits of radio type interference and then the whole call goes bad. This happens at least twice a day also.  It's very embarrassing especially since my children said you gotta get the I phone.  They always have full bars.  Talked at length with Verizon, they know of the problem....it's been widely reported.  They say they are waiting on Samsung for a fix for this.  Talk to Samsung and they say they've never heard of the problem.  If Verizon is your carrier and you are thinking about this phone do an internet search Samsung Galaxy Nexus and connectivity issues.

I bought this a few months ago in April 2011. After receiving an HTC smartphone for work, I can tell you the Nexus is one of the best phones on the market. It's super fast with a smooth, vivid screen and it's ridiculously thin. Yes, I was a little daunted by how big the phone is overall, but I quickly became used to it (even with my small hands). Not to mention, it acts wonderfully as a tablet.The battery life seems to be the biggest issue with this phone. I ordered the extended battery from Verizon and can't believe it doesn't come with the phone already. I charge mine every night and it lasts through the following day. I'm fortunate that my car has a USB hub and my job requires me to drive all day so I can charge it at any time.I haven't had any connection issues whatsoever. I live and drive all around Atlanta and haven't had any issues.Overall, this is an excellent phone.

My family all wanted new phones for Christmas.  One son is a solid apple fan so he got an iPhone.  The rest of us use Google mail etc. so we went with this device.  It is a GREAT device.  It is a TERRIBLE phone.Does anyone remember the early days of Personal computers.  When hardware manufactures blamed software manufactures and it went around and around.  The same thing happens here.  Verizon blames Samsung, Samsung blames Google.  And Google has dropped the "VERIZON Samsung Galaxy Nexus" from it's officially supported devices.  So it is a nightmare.Just today, on my first two calls the microphone quit mid call so my party could not hear me.  And calling back only works sometimes.  I have a hard time telling when I have received text msg's.  The important icons along the top are microscopic. Lastly, Nexus to Nexus so family member to family member calls are frequently unintelligible.  Garbled and missing words. (Mom, Dad and Son are 100's of miles from each other and con not understand what the other is saying)I love having a personal navigator, (No 4g at all in Western Colorado, and hardly any good 3g) so not so much..  The camera can be a big pain.  Once I use it I have to reboot the phone for it to work right again.  The music player is OK but sometimes, while using a book on tape, the playback just stops.  I have to completely start the player from the beginning and also look for the chapter I was on and drag the icon to my place in the book.  Of course, I can't do this while driving (the sound comes out of my car stereo) so if I want to keep listening I have to pull over.Maybe these are small things, but together they make me crazy.  And EVERYONE has promised software updates.  Verizon said Jan 2012, then Feb, then March Then April then for sure the middle of May.  Today, May 30 NO UPDATE.  All the "Droid" and Google forums say get a Droid Razr HD.  I wish I was rich and could get out of my $330 a month contract (4 data phone lines).  Now, you can by a Galaxy Nexus for the same price I paid in December with no data contract at Google's online store.  I use WiFi for nearly everything (No 4g at all in Western Colorado, and hardly any good 3g) WiFi rules.  Home Depot, Sam's club, Starbucks, my house, everywhere I am has free WiFi enabled with super fast connections. I bet I have spent 100 hours scouring forums for help.  With no luck, so good luck with yours.

I've been using this phone for a few months now, and I literally have no complaints. It's been solid as a rock, the screen is BEAUTIFUL, and it's very speedy.

I am now on my second one in 2 months. The first one froze up and could not unlock. This came with the fun of losing all my vacation pictures since there is no removable memory card. Before that, it would drop my side of the call often. This is a known issue that both Samsung and Verizon like to point fingers at each other while the customer loses out.So after my phone froze up, Verizon switched it out with a refurb. I even mentioned it to Verizon that a refurb will be worse than the current phone since it was already known to have issues. Well now I lose a connection to the towers about once an hour. This is fun when in the middle of a call.In short, there are hundreds of reviews out there and complaints about how terrible this phone is, despite its nice features. STAY AWAY from this phone. It will give you nothing but troubles. I am at a loss for how frustrated I am that no one will admit to the problems with it even though there are tons of us out there with these bad phones.

I love the Samsung Galaxy Nexus 4G Android Phone! My son recommended this phone for me, I purchased it and I have never been sorry!!! I am not a really technically minded person and I didn't want a big learning curve and this phone didn't disappoint me for a minute.Even though it has a larger foot print than my last phone (Motorola a855 Droid) it is easy to hold and manage from putting in your pocket, purse, etc. It doesn't feel chunky or heavy to handle or use. The larger screen is wonderful to use. Having the larger screen makes using apps and the internet very easy to use and read.Today it upgraded to Jelly Bean and it is like using a brand new phone. I have been waiting for the upgrade and I am not disappointed in the least. I was worried there would be another learning curve but there wasn't. I wish Verizon would have released the upgrade sooner but it is well worth the wait! The changes in how the phone works is just like making it a brand new phone but all of your "stuff" is right where you put it!!! No work at all to upgrade!Would I recommend this phone? Oh ya!!! If you are looking for a new phone this will not disappoint you in the least!If you are looking for for accessories for your phone you will find a great selection to meet your every need.  I was very surprised because I have had lots of problems with this issue with other phones. You can really make it fun to use with the accessories you can find out there!The apps you can get are great! Just about anything and everything you would want is out there for you.  Put a little time and effort into figuring out what you need to make this phone a "personal assistant" and you will upgrade it's worth to you greatly!I hope you look long and hard at this phone if you are shopping for a new one!!! Everything Samsung says about this phone is true and you will like it if you work with it for a little while......My son is in the Air Force, works with computers and non-Window programming and he is the one that recommended this phone to me. Him, his wife and lots of other people he works with have this phone, They all love it and recommended it.  Since the Air Force employees him and this is what he does for a living I listen to him when he makes recommendations like this! Try it and you will like it!!! Hope you enjoy it as much as I do!!!

I've had the phone for two days now and I am pleased with the phone and 4G service from Verizon.  I've been a Blackberry users for years, and thought I'd try android given I've heard so much about the Galaxy Nexus Phone.  The price was right too!  Thus far I haven't rooted the phone as others have suggested, it works quite well as it comes.  Be sure to get the Volume+ app from the google store, you'll need it.  I recommend the phone.

Everything works well... except the phone. Crackles, pops, squawks, echos, dropouts, disconnects. Even after several software updates the telephone part of this device just plain sucks. Samsung? Verizon? God only knows. No wonder it was free.

As you all have the phone and I'm still on the fence, let me ask:I have the Motorola Bionic, and I've got a rather nice data plan I don't want to give up.  I'll have to buy the phone outright, while I'm willing to do.  I'd love to go with the GSM version, but for my area, AT&T; and t-mobile just don't work that well.)To help my decide:1. My bionic has a 32gb micro-sd card, but it's referenced as /sdcard-ext and too many apps simply don't use it.  How much memory is available on the sdcard, not sdcard-ext?2. How "stock" is this?

I am not going to say very much about the Galaxy Nexus itself, actually.There is no dearth of reviews for this phone on the Web.In short (based on my previous three hours with it), this phone is very very nice.In my opinion, Ice Cream Sandwich is beautiful. They've really done a good job here. It will take me a couple of days to re-train myself in regards to a handful of operations, though I am familiar with many of the UI tweaks from using my Motorola Xoom running Honeycomb.My main reason for writing is to chime in that I too was able to get my local Best Buy to price-match Amazon Wireless' price ($200 for upgrade). This seems to be the way to go at the moment. This morning, Amazon Wireless said the GN ships in 8 to 9 days. Now it says 1 to 2 months! Holy cow!

I've been using Android devices for over two years now and until Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) I secretly believed iOS was slightly better than Android. I can honestly say that with Android 4.0, there is not one single advantage iOS5 has over Android.The only thing I was worried about when purchasing this phone was the size. After playing with it for about a day I soon realized that the size wasn't a problem... in fact, I actually like the 4.6 inch screen! It's really thin so it easily fits in a pocket and videos/websites/games look fantastic. The only downside is that it takes a few days to get used to using the phone with one hand because it's so large... and unfortunately it may be difficult or impossible if you have small hands.Galaxy Nexus- 4G- widgets- ability to customize home screens- faster processor- more ram- 16:9 aspect ratio- an arguably better screen (slightly less ppi but blacker blacks and brighter colors)- TRUE multitasking- ability to use third party keyboards, launchers, sms apps, etc...iPhone 4s- smaller phone (but not as thin)- gorilla glass

I have owned this phone for over two weeks and I can say unequivocally that it is the best smart phone I have ever held.  So much has been said about it so I will give a brief run down.Pros: Screen, LTE, Ice Cream Sandwich, Build quality, Power, Speed, Performance, Battery on 3G and WifiCons: Battery life on LTE, it doesn't print money?Overall:  If you are a Verizon customer or thinking of becoming a Verizon customer this is the phone you want by your side.  It is incredible.

Two brand new phones were extensively troubleshoot by both level 1 and 2 of verizon tech support and were not able to determine the cause of the connectivity issues both phones have and I was prompted to return them. I believed in all the good reviews I read but with an extremely erratic network connection that consumed my patience the phone turned up to be a complete fiasco.The 4G and network connection was intermitent most of the time disconnected, with in LA city- Could not make phone calls most of the time- If phone call went thru, it wouldn't take long before the call was dropped and service lost- Brief internet browsing (4G) only to loose connection shortly after- apps would stop working due to lost of network connection (4G)- If connected to a wifi you can use it only forgett about the phoneSamsung offer to repair...Forgett about google youl'll get ignoredJust as a side note, verizon's reps, wether over the phone or at their corporate offices will discourage you about your phone aquisicition thru amazon- refusal to activate your new phone, they will refer you back to amazon- They'll warn you that no manufacture's wrranty support thru verizon- I was told that Amazon is not an authorized retailer by verizonIN FEW WORDS THE GALAXY NEXUS TURNED OUT TO BE A BLOOD SUCKER

I really wanted to like this phone.  But after 2 months, a replacement phone, and about 40 hours wasted on the phone with customer support, I give up.The good:  It is beautiful, it feels great in my hand, the large screen is amazing.The bad:  It doesn't work.  This phone has awful connection problems.  I also have a Blackberry and an iPhone 4S, all on Verizon.  About 10-20 times a day, the Galaxy Nexus loses its data connection.  It usually happens when switching from 4G to 3G signals, as best I can tell.  It happens at my home, my work, and everywhere else.  The data connection is usually down for 1-5 minutes.  When it happens, my other devices have good signal with no issues.It also drops calls at an amazing rate, 3-4 per day.  As best I can tell, this also happens when the phone switches from 4G to 3G signal.  The unreliability is just crippling.  Nothing is worse than pulling out your phone to send an urgent text only to not have signal.  Wait a few minutes, try again, still no luck.  What would I do in an emergency?  Not rely on this phone, that's for sure.Verizon has sent me a new phone, a new SIM card, and has had me do all kinds of factory resets and other "fixes" for the phone.  But nothing works.  I have read on some message boards that this might be an issue for the phone, and if that's the case Samsung should offer refunds for selling such a worthless phone.Other issues (much less painful than the signal issue but still annoying) include the fact that sometimes the phone will not charge when it is turned on.  This also appears to be a known issue.  If you turn the phone off, it will charge just fine (and restarting the phone also usually works) but come on, the cell phone I owned 10 years ago didn't have any problems charging when on.  I've come to expect such luxuries.So again, I have tried so hard to like this phone.  It's fun to watch movies on.  It's fun to surf the web on.  It's fun to video chat on.  When it works.  And while it might work 23.5 out of 24 hours in a day, the times it doesn't work are just too frustrating to forgive.  So do yourself a favor and skip this phone.  You might love it, but you'll probably also hate it.

It's easy to play the blame game -- a Google engineer once said that "operator approvals" are at fault for the slow upgrades with carrier-based Google devices -- but the truth is that Verizon's Galaxy Nexus represents a failure by all parties. Verizon failed to deliver on what a Nexus phone is promised to be. And Google failed by allowing Verizon to carry its Nexus name without fully committing to its Nexus model.More than anything, I wish Google had been more honest about the realities of the Verizon Galaxy Nexus from the start. Nexus products appeal to some of Google's most loyal Android enthusiasts. Those people, along with the rest of the phone-buying population, deserve better than a half-fulfilled version of what a phone is promised to be.There is a better way -- and I'm happy to have transitioned into it -- but it shouldn't take this much backtracking to get there

I wanted to give this phone 4.75 stars but, I couldn't find a way to mark that so I just said it instead.First off the phone is great. (Best I've used) ICS is beautiful and fulfilling.  This is by far the best Android software to date.  It is extremely fast and responsive with multitasking to be a breeze.  The internet browser is easy to use and very fast.  When 4G LTE is available I usually see around 10 Mb/s download speeds and 8 Mb/s upload speeds.  That makes for a very quick transfer of data and seamless surfing.  No more buffering just pure HD bliss (when 4G LTE is available).The screen on the phone is very nice and feels very nice when sliding my thumb around.  The huge display makes typing a breeze in landscape.  In call quality is some of the best i've heard on a cell phone. People say they cannot tell i'm on a cell phone even when i'm walking outside.  I enjoy playing with some of the video recording features.Now the bad--- For a phone that has so much and does exactly what it is supposed to do I need to highlight the neg. of this phone.1) I am very unimpressed with the camera.  I think the colors of what I see and what the camera sees are not exactly true.  But then I remember this is a Phone made for social media and cruising the net so I am not upset by this but rather enjoy that a camera is not the focus of my device.2) The only way I can get my phone to last all day is to keep turning the data connection on and off when needed.  If left on all day the battery will only last until about 7 or 8 at night. The 4G drains battery very quickly.  This has forced me to buy the extended battery and the extra battery with the charging dock so I can always keep 2 batteries with me in case I need to make a change.Now with that said.  I feel this is the best device on the market and if you are on Verizon you should look hard at this device before deciding to buy something else.  It is thin sexy and beautiful.  It does exactly what it was designed for and makes me happy I waited the 5 months for it to come out.

I've only had this phone for a few days, but the Galaxy Nexus (GN) has been performing very well.  I'm coming from a Blackberry Bold (BB) and this is my first experience with an Android phone.  It's also my first touchscreen (the latter held me back for a while, because before the BB I had a Treo and didn't think I could ever be happy with a non-physical keyboard). I looked at some Android phones with physical keyboards, but this one looked better overall.Regarding the issues a lot of people have written about:1) Stability: The phone has crashed a couple of times for no apparent reason and done a restart.  The BB does this on rare occasion, too.2) Cheapness of the phone's construction in general and the battery cover in particular:  The back is flimsy and flexible.  Saying "it will probably break" isn't the same as saying "it has broken," however.  The reason it's like that is because there's an apparent demand for paper-thin phones.  I'm not sure it's all that vulnerable.  At any rate, it probably won't have to be pulled off very often, and if it breaks you can just switch to one of the extended batteries (see below).  There are also some reports of replacement covers out there for the stock battery.  Reviews are mixed.3) Battery life: It lasts a day or so, and the main drain according to my battery meter is the screen (this without doing much voice calling and moderate Web surfing).  It has a 1280x720 LED screen (vs. my BB's 480x360 LCD display).  I don't think the two screen types can be compared 1:1, but the GN has 5x as many pixels and the battery seems to last about 50-60% as long as my BB's battery (that only has 80% of the capacity of the GN's cell).  Basically, in my limited experience the battery of the GN gets drained quickly when the phone's screen is on, but holds its own otherwise.  I won't say I like the short life, because I don't.  I'm going to get an extended battery; I got one for the BB as well.  As cheap as this phone is going for on Amazon right now, you can spend an extra $70 or so on an extended battery and still not have spent much on the phone/battery package.4) Signal issues:  I don't have another 4G phone for comparison.  While I get a good 4G signal at my office, I live in an area that Verizon's coverage map identifies as 3G only.  My 3G signal strength is usually around -100 to -80 dBm at home (if I switch the phone to CDMA only at work, I get fairly bad 3G service, which I suspect might be due to more congestion on the 3G than 4G bands, but I might be wrong).  It doesn't look I can get signal strength information on my BB (which is with another provider, anyway--however, it sometimes chokes at the office, too, either sending incoming calls straight to voice mail, failing to open Web pages, or both.  This is probably also due to network congestion).  So I have nothing to compare it to and don't know if that's good or bad, but reception on the GN seems to be adequate.  With more time, I will be able to tell if there's a problem with dropped calls.  I also get 3G coverage (same strength) in one area Verizon's coverage map says 3G coverage is unavailable--so I can't complain about any problems.  I haven't had to switch into/out of airplane mode or any of the other things people have written about; I'm just happy I have no concerns.5) Voice cut-out during a call:  This happened to me once when I was trying to leave a VM message and it later turned out there was nothing on the line.  I haven't been able to replicate it and don't know if I hit the mute button or not.  It's a possibility.6) Bad call quality and poor noise suppression:  The calls aren't the greatest.  Music via the headphone jack is fine, but voice calls sound a bit off... only a bit.  Other phones (like my BB) are better.  I can live with this, though, and nobody I've called has complained.  On a 1-10 scale, If the BB is a 9, the GN is a 7.  Noise suppression seems to be pretty lame, as some of the more thorough reviews have noted.7) Low maximum volume on the speakerphone.  I haven't had problems with this--volume is loud enough--but I haven't tried a voice call in a noisy environment.  It might be problematic there, but my BB is, too.As far as speed goes, 4G is fast, but so is 3G.  I tried loading a page this morning from home on the GN and BB using 3G.  The GN was at least three times faster (and sometimes much more; I did several trials, clearing the cache every time).  There's more to network speed than just the 3G/4G connection; the phone's CPU and RAM probably play a role, too.  As far as data transfer speeds go, I don't need to move large amounts of data using the phone, so the difference between the two is probably not as relevant.Photos are fine and video is markedly better than what my BB shoots (and better than what my Sony Cybershot does, too, but that's a different issue).  The zoom is only digital, of course, meaning if you want to use the zoom you'll be losing resolution.  However, it's not bad and is better than just being a nice camera to have when you don't have a camera.The glass keyboard is ok, too.  I make a few more typos than I did with the BB when holding the camera in portrait mode, but can go much faster than the BB with at least as much accuracy when the phone is in landscape (the keyboard flips when the phone does).Other minor issues:  on the BB you can set a time to password lock, and that can be different from how quickly the screen shuts off with no action.  On the GN, they appear to be the same.  So if you want to set a password or PIN to unlock your phone and you also want to have your screen shut off quickly to save battery life, you'll be entering the password/PIN a lot.In various applications, there are icons I don't recognize.  Tapping some of them has caused things I didn't intend.  There's a bit of a learning curve... but that is probably applicable to any Andriod OS phone.Overall, I'm happy with it.  It does what I want it to do, and I haven't had any major problems.  What would give it 5 stars IMO?  A physical keyboard (it's an emotional thing) and better sound quality on voice calls.

As far as the phone like all user mention it is very nice,the bugs are what will make me return this as I write this.Pros: Screen but also a conNavigationand Ice Cream SandwhichCons: Battery my battery dies in 6 hours without even grabbing my phoneSignal is horrible and i know its not my area or Verizon, i mean cmon its VERIZON!Glitches in almost all appsREEBOOTS!! had it reebot at least once a dayPHONE GETS HOT!! it gets so hot it make uncomfortable even grabbing it,on the top cornerScreen is way too big to use one handed ,I have large male hands and cant use the phone with one hand comfortablyFeels super light it will slip from your hands trust meCheap Plasticthere is No SD card slot5 megapixel camera with mediocre pictures low color very granySuper slow rotation like 4 seconds to landscape modeSpeaker is so low, it will not wake you up if you set it as your alarmI actually bought the external battery of 2100mhz which honestly is a waste of money and samsung should have added this battery for free. it adds about an hour extra of usage from 1850mhz to 2100mhz. In my opinion is not worth the 40 or 30 dollars unless you are set on keeping the phone the next two years after all these issues.I really wanted to like this phone, I was super excited even dumped my old carrier when I saw this deal. so do your self a favor and AVOID this, waste the extra 150 for a phone that will last the next two years. Doid razr MAXX or sad to say since I hate Apple, iPhone 4.Dont believe me? go ahead take ur chance, why you think its $50 dollars in the first place cuz its such a good phone? lolGood Luck People

Like the title says really nice phone purchase mine from Verizon store (early upgrade)the phone is so good I just had to say something about it.Really nice screen, watching videos either movies or HD youtube video are stunning on the 4.65 inch screen. With that said the device is huge and I have pretty medium size hands (this is really hard to describe or show) and though it fits nicely in my hand I did have some difficulty operating the phone with just one hand. For its size its light and the minor contour and curve of the phone does fit "ergonomically" in my hand. Same can be said for it fitting in my front jean pockets as my biggest fear was having this phone weighting down and create a bulge in my jean, fear all gone: tried and tested sometimes I even forget that its in my jean pockets."OS" does get some getting use to, however it is simple and straight forward to operate. Has tons of features and I am still learning the features the phone come packaged with. Running apps on it is fast and simple though I have run into some apps that are not fully compatible that lead to frequent app crash not a biggie but a little annoying.Battery life is so-so to say and it really depends on your particular usage: power user vs normal user. Quick note device tend to get hot (top half of phone) when streaming a video over wifi or 4G network. Not a really downfall of the device but it did give me a little scare from my initial encounter with this issue. Again the big screen and abundant pixel density offer a really nice web browsing experience text is clear and you get a decent amount of webpage displayed on the screen. Back to the battery under high usage battery goes really quick fastest was 4-5 hours from 100%, normal usage 7-8 hours and when mostly standby two day (so far tested, might be more than that) Having tested it out I opted to purchase the extended battery though the extra 350mAh is not a lot it does help in the long run, especially for me.(Battery life was maximized with battery optimizing + task killer app and static background - with live wallpaper different story)Now for my negative - speaker is really not on par to most phones out there I tend to get a lot of miss calls. At its maximum and in my jeans I rely on the vibration notification more than the ringtone. Same issue when playing music I am not saying its bad but it could be better. Its loud in a quite room, audible at a family dinner, impossible to hear in any louder environment. I know this might not be the best way to describe the speakers loudness. Plug in some headphone and the difference is day and night when playing music due to the built in equalizer.Camera phone is fast almost zero shutter lag, but with that comes blurry image made worse if in low lit setting, under normal phone taking session letting the camera auto focus and snapping picture the photos taken are amazing, outdoor with optimum sunlight practically no issue. Again the Camera does lack in pixel (MP) but make up for it in quality, blowing the picture more than 8X10 then you might have some pixellation issues. Like the panorama feature and the video taken are absolutely amazing. (keep in mind this is a camera phone don't expect DSLR quality) has a built in flash for low light/night. No extractable storage (micro SD) so rely on built in storage (16-32GB).Final thoughts a really well rounded phone with its down but most ups! good luck with finding a nice case for it especially with the extended battery, invest in a screen protector. Also for power users look into an external battery charger (for the extra money you won't regret it)and no SIRI.

I wanted to love the Galaxy Nexus, and there's a lot to like coming from a DroidX.  ICS is just a very nice visual user interface, and the mechanisms to add apps and widgets to the home screen is very elegant.  4G was incredible, especially with the hotspot.  Skype video worked wonderfully.But there were a few challenges that were such a step back from a 2 year old phone I couldn't do it:1) What voice command calling there was simply was not as nice as the DroidX or Siri.  I very much liked Siri, except for the 20% of the time it would time-out upon my requests.  The DroidX seems simplistic in comparison, but it gave all the right prompts (mobile or work, which of these names, etc).2) Using the voice command with bluetooth was simply catastrophic.  Perhaps the upcoming update will fix it, but volume across a headset during voice activation was nearly silent.  There are other threads documenting this, and it made it simply unusable.  It has about a 60% success rate in recognizing my commands, and when it's wrong, it's still confident and calls the wrong person.3) The battery life is just OK.  I never had to worry about the DroidX w/ the extended battery; the Galaxy Nexus was often running out by the evening (with its own slightly extended battery).4) Darned if it didn't get a little slow near the end.  It took a while to notice orientation changes and otherwise became sluggish.  I'm surprised.5) No full-function car dock, with charging and auto-launch of a car app.  I just got used to it, and hated stepping backwards.6) The camera sucks.  How hard is it to get a camera which compares with the iPhone 4S?  This one is nowhere close.I'm on the Razr Maxx now, and really loving it.  All the things I liked about my DX, with 4G, faster processor, etc.  It's a winner.

I like alot of things about this phone, but there's one thing that ruins everything - it's performance as a phone.4g / 3g performance is a joke - the signal strength is 15-30 dB lower then Motorola RAZR 4G. Places where my friends RAZR 4g get 4G coverage  - I get 3G or even 2G only. Places where RAZR 4g get 3G coverage - I have voice only. If Verizon is not fixing this issue within my trial period - I'm gonna return this phone. So far it's a great disappointment.

I waited months for this phone to come out, checking online everyday for any news on a release date. I really wanted to love this phone, but I just can't.I purchased a Droid Razr for my husband and a Galaxy Nexus for myself a couple of days ago. When I leave work today, I will be exchanging my Nexus for a Razr.First, the positive note. The Ice Cream Sandwich operating system is a beautiful thing. So many things just work better than earlier Android. Unfortunately, that is the only thing I have found to like about this phone.When compared to the Droid Razr, the Galaxy Nexus comes up lacking in almost every way. First, The screen on the Razr actually looks better to me in a side by side comparison. The only way to match them at all is to turn the Nexus to maximum brightness, at which point you may have an hour of battery life with consistent use. The screen drains the majority of the battery life and it does so quickly.Second, the speaker on the Galaxy Nexus at full blast is only as loud as the Razr turned down halfway. There is no way I will ever hear this thing ring in my purse and you can barely hear Youtube videos or music even with it right next to you.Third, the signal quality and 3G do not work as well as the Razr. I had no 3G all day yesterday, but my husband's Razr had a perfect connection. Also, sitting side by side, the Razr had a full signal and the Nexus only had one bar.I restarted the Nexus several times and was still unable to access the internet on my phone.Lastly, the camera on the Nexus is awful. Taking identical pictures with the Nexus and Razr was really disappointing. The Nexus pictures were grainy and dim, while the Razr pictures were sharp and defined. You could zoom in on a picture taken with the Razr and see the individual whiskers on my dogs nose. Try to zoom in on a picture taken with the Nexus and all you see is a blur.I do not claim to be an expert on technology or cell phones. This review is just my opinion of this phone based on a side by side comparison. I really hate that the flaws outweigh the Ice Cream Sandwich yumminess but I will trade slightly superior software for vastly superior hardware.

Wish it would have a slot for micro sd card (expandable memory) and that it isnt so thick and bulky. and the new 4.0 OS is really confusing and difficult to figure use! although the RESOLUTION is SO EXCELLENT that i couldnt even see any pixels!!!

The Samsung Galaxy Nexus is an outstanding phone. The only criticism I can make of it is that the glass is too easily scratched; a screen protector is a must, not an option. The Android operating system is great, and by all accounts the next iteration, "Jellybean", is breathtaking.But I can't say for sure, because VERIZON WON'T RELEASE JELLYBEAN FOR THE PHONE.This is the second time that Verizon has screwed their Galaxy Nexus users (they delayed the roll-out of Android 4.0, "Ice Cream Sandwich", for five months). There's no excuse; these phones are pure Google, ready for the update out of the box. It's just that Verizon seems to feel it necessary to torture their customers.As for the price, make no mistake: Verizon isn't "giving" you the phone. They're BAITING you with it. Once you buy it, you'll be on the hook for a two-year contract. And their prices are sky-high, which is particularly aggravating considering how they jerk their customers around.Be smart. Spend the money to buy the unlocked version of the phone directly from Google. You'll more than make up the cost within a few months by using at-will services. You can get unlimited phone/texts/data for $45 per month or less if you're not on a contract, as opposed to paying well over $100 per month ON contract.And as an added benefit, you'll always have the latest version of Android - updated directly from Google.

I get this phone back in March where the price is more than $225. I have been very good experience with HTC incredible, but my wife dropped the HTC and end up with broken screen. That is the reason that I bought GNexus, which end up with a terrible experience. The first phone from Amazon is not able to activate. The second phone does work. However, compared to my HTC incredible, this phone has a very week signal. At my office, I often cannot talk on the phone and missed 40% of them, which have never happened to me with my Htc incredible. I have to use my office phone most of the time. Now, it is about 4 months since I have it. My Galaxy nexus cannot make phone call using the ear speaker. Only back speaker or headphone can be used to make phone calls. When I unplug headphone from the phone, the music does not pause (google music). Instead, it continue to play. Searched online, it looks like that the headphone jack sensor is broken. If I installed a software called Wired Headphone/Headset Fix, it will be able to use ear speaker for phone calls. Looks like the phone always assume that the headphone jack is attached, even actually it is not. Wired Headphone/Headset Fix is not a fix to the hardware (only disable headphone jack by software) and will not be able to automatically detect the headphone jack, and I would like Sumsung to fix my phone. Now it is on this way to Sumsung for repair.Another thing is that the phone is now extremely slow now. It is not responsive and lags for simple go home button. It is not as smooth as my old HTC incredible even for more than 2 years of use. Galaxy nexus is the worst phone I ever have in my lifetime. Please do not buy it for your own time. Keep it away.Update:'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''The phone is back from Samsung repair, which takes about 2 weeks. The repair does fix the headphone jack. However, the signal at my office is still poor. I cannot make a phone call for >10 minutes, where my old HTC incredible has no problem at all.Update: Aug 14The phone is malfunctioned again 2 weeks of repair. The worse experience...%$$$%&...I need to send it back to Samsung again,which takes more than 2 weeks to fix....What a pain. I called Verizon canceled my contract, paying >$300. Totally a nightmare.

I bought this phone 2 weeks ago, and initially I was very excited about it.  Android 4 OS looked and felt great, the phone was very fast and snappy, and the screen was great.  However, once I got to use it for a few weeks I got very disappointed.  I have two major problems with this phone:1) Battery life.  The phone lasts roughly 10-12 hours on stand-by.  And if I use it, then that number is even lower.  That is insane - essentially you cannot take this phone on any kind of trips, it will die on you.  For comparison, my previous Droid X would last around 24-36 hours on stand by.2) Connectivity.  There has been a lot said about the phone's connectivity, but my experience is even worse.  Occasionally, the phone would lose all connectivity (0 bars, cannot browse, make phone calls or receive texts).  And 10-15 minutes later it'd come back.  This happens in my house and in my office, both in a major metro area.  Sometimes this happens when the phone is on stand by and connectivity doesn't come back until the phone is restarted.  Once, this lasted 6 hours, and resulted in me missing a bunch of messages and phone calls.  With my previous phone, I've never had such problems in either of the two locations.

Please do not believe on everything you read on the blogs. Google Wallet is only available on Nexus S 4g on Sprint. If you want proof go to Google Wallet website. Think about it why the other three major carriers jointly created ISIS.

Have had two - they replaced the first.Call quality is horrible.Internet is sporadic.47 dropped calls in one month...Don't buy it. These are "known issues" according to Verizon.

I suppose they think the Android marketplace--you know, that app store that's a shadow of Apple's-is all you need. Because Android or Samsung or Verizon--I don't know who's to blame--omitted as many apps as possible from the phone. What was standard before is now DIY.-1. MISSING VISUAL VOICEMAIL.Two Verizon sales reps told me it was there. Looked for it. Looked for it. Looked for it.A third Verizon sales rep told me there was no such thing--"It's a patented Apple product"--then offered to add it. I passed.Verizon sent me three text messages telling me to access an app that was not on the phone.Finally, yet another Verizon sales rep volunteered to install it. The Verizon visual voicemail app in the Android store? It's one of the worst-rated apps I've ever been forced to put on a device.When the visual voicemail app was finally installed? I tried deleting old messages, and the OS gave me a message saying the deletion hadn't worked and why didn't I call the voicemail number and delete those messages manually. So the app that doesn't exist doesn't actually work either.2. MISSING STOPWATCH & TIMER. They're no longer part of the clock--as they were before.3. GODAWFUL MP3 PLAYER.You turned shuffle play on? Good, because good luck turning it off. The shuffle button is hidden in most views.You started a playlist? Good luck figuring out how to add songs to it. (It's not the way you did it before: you make the playlist and then go to the songs and then choose which playlist to add to.)You'd like to go back to where you were before? It's the tiniest button in the upper right. You'll hit the wrong thing 90% of the time.4. YOU CAN'T SEARCH THE PHONE. Can't find something? Too bad!5. THE BROWSER WON'T OPEN PDF'S.  I'm not kidding. It starts to open-then disappears. Some pdf's show up in a separate app, but the connection doesn't always get made. Get this: freaking Google can't even make a phone that opens a pdf!6. DEFAULTS TO DRIVING DIRECTIONS. I must have touched the wrong thing: when I ask the Google Maps for directions? It gives me audio turn-by-turn. You can't just SEE the directions--it wants to tell it to you, like it's a freaking bedtime story. I can't find where to change the default.7. AMAZON MP3 PLAYER FAILS. I asked the Amazon MP3 app to download some songs. It didn't. The mp3 player shows you songs you can't play. (Who thought of this?)8. STUTTERING APPS. The voice on my running app (CardioTrainer) stutters when the mp3 player is playing. You can't even understand it.9. STUTTERING PHONE CALLS. The phone calls stutter! Yes. The voice quality on phone calls is marred by dropouts. That's right, friends. They couldn't even make a phone that makes a decent phone call.10. POOR SPEED ON THE FB APP. Two bars of "4G" signal, and the Facebook app can't load a page. I'm sure this one is on Facebook, because--well-they're clearly dumbasses. But you don't expect a 4G phone to have such problems.There's actually a manual. Why is this weird? Because you're not supposed to need one. That's the whole UX thing: it should be intuitive.11. DISORGANIZED SUPPORT. I tweeted about my issues-which are really with the configuration of the OS, not the hardware. The Verizon support folks then message you back. But they never follow-through. No problems were solved. I had tweets from six people: ^AE, ^CB, ^EW, ^CM, ^AH, ^MS. No resolution. No one could even keep track of what was wrong.

I really wanted to like this phone. It was my first choice but after a few days of serious reception/connection/signal issues, I called to return it and instead I ordered a Motorola Razr MAXX.The nexus is a beautiful phone, but too bad it doesnt work. Disappointed.

I bought this phone the day it came out. My good friend does phone reviews for a living, so he gets sent all the new phones and tests them and writes aqbout them. I had bought the Bionic and he said I should take it back and wait for this one. I'm so glad I did! The phone has so many great featurs, and a few drawbacks also.Pros:-Speed: on 4g this phone is FAST. You can browse web pages, play games, and more with extremely fast sppeds!-Battery: The phone gets bad grades based on it's battery, but I honestly haven't had many problems. Yes, it dies much faster than say my origional Droid, but the screen is HUGE and I'm using it much faster. The trick with the batter is to turn everything off you're not using (GPS, WiFi, bluetooth) and make sure you're email and social networking programs aren't updating at really close intervals. Do you really need your facebook to update every 15 minutes or can you update it when you open the app? I set all my controls to conservative limits and have been able to easily make my phone last a day. My husband has the HTC Rezound and his battery dies 2x faster than mine.-Adroid 4.0 OS (Ice Cream Sandwich): This is the best operating system by far (except a few minor issues I'll mention in the Cons). It is so much more customizable. Anyone who has data limits will appreciate the "Data Usage" section where you can track your usage a and how much data each app is using. This in itself is awesome if you have say a 2 gig limit and find yourself going over. Same with the "Battery" manager. It tells you exactly what's using battery on your phone so you can try to readjust settings on various apps to reduce their battery drain. I don't use the Face Unlock feature because I frankly would feel like a dork holding my phone up like I was taking a picture every time I wanted to unlock my phone.-Design: This phone is sleek and thin. Even with a case on it it still looks good and feels good. I've heard some people complain that the plastic on the back feels cheap, but I honestly always have a case on it so don't notice it.-Screen: This has a beautiful, crisp screen. I watch Netflix on my phone and do a lot of browsing and gaming and LOVE the screen. I think it can easily hold up to the iPhone retina screen. I also love that the buttons on the bottom (home, back and recent apps) disappear when watching a movie. That extra space really does help!-Ability to disable bloatware: I don't need all of Verizon's crap on my phone, I love that I can easily disable it. My husband has all the stupid Verizon apps on his Rezound that I could easily disable. Love it!Cons:-Sound: The sound quality is horrible. I always plug in headphones when watching movies or listening to music because the speakers are terrible.-Lack of facebook integration: Seriously? What is going on here! I really miss having peoples facebook pic pop up when they called or having phone numbers from facebook populate acutomatically into my phone, or being able to access someone's facebook page and info from my contacts page. This was perhaps the biggest disappointment for me when I got this phone. Apparently it's all phones with Android OS 4.0, not just the Galaxy Nexus.-Reception: When I'm standing next to my husband somewhere he'll be getting 4g with all the bars and I'll be in 3g with just one or two. Sometimes I can't even get reception and he can.-Updates: Apparently this phone is supposed to be first to receive updates. Well I'm still running 4.0.2 and I know that 4.0.3 is out now with apparent upgrades to help with reception issues. Some web sites say this phone is going to go straight to 4.0.4, but I just expected us to get the first updates and am disappointed with this.Overall I'm really glad I got this phone. After having it for a few months I wouldn't trade it for anything else out on the market and would recommend it to friends.UPDATE May 29, 2012:I'm still happy I got this phone over the other phones available at the time of purchase. I'm extremely frustrated with the connectivity! It takes forever to connect to 3g/4g. Sometimes I have to turn my phone off and on to get a signal. It drops calls quite frequently, very frustrating also. I am so happy I got a phone with a big screen though. I've been going to the gym and doing cardio and watching Netflix to pass the time, it's awesome to have a big, beautiful screen to watch on! I'm also frustrated with the lack of updates, my phone has not been updated yet and I've heard month after month that it's coming soon. I thought that was one of the benefits of getting this phone, be the first to get updates. I guess not. Anyway, still one of the best on the market, but be prepared for dropped calls and poor data signals.

I have owned the Droid 2, Droid X2, Droid Bionic, and the Nexus.  The Nexus is by far the best device currently available. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.  However, the radios in the device are not perfect.  I'm running the 4.0.4 update that should be delivered shortly, and it fixes those issues. :)  Grab it: You won't be sorry.  Stock Android is gorgeous.

I am new to Verizon Wireless, and to smartphones.I had originally purchased a Motorola Droid RAZR in November 2011, along with the double-your-data offer -- 22GB -- with mobile hotspot capability.The Droid RAZR phone has known problems accessing "https" websites, or secure websites, that require a user name and password (i.e. email accounts, online banking, etc.).Verizon then switched me to the Galaxy Nexus phone, as it does not have any software adaptations by the manufacturer -- but is pure Google.Two problems that were remedied:(1) websites would start to partially load, or not load at all and would time out; solution was to go to "settings" then "apps" then "CLEAR DATA" on the "settings" app.(2) phone would not charge properly when using USB cable or wall adapter that are aftermarket; solution was to use ONLY the OEM USB cord and power adapter for the phone.Other than these two items, the phone has worked exceptionally well.  Likewise, Verizon's 4G LTE is superlatively fast and the best network for internet data use.I stream investment data in real-time, to my laptop from my phone as a "mobile hotspot," and having the fastest connectivity and internet on-the-go was a necessity.  Verizon has not let me down.The Galaxy Nexus phone is the best phone on the market, period.

It has a few problems, the most annoying one is the fact that it reboots at times... hopefully you don't get one that does it 20+ times a day... that will make it unbearable. Just google it and you will see the number of complaints. I bought 2 and both experience this. Still waiting for an update to fix it hopefully. The camera... is really bad ! The regret is I didn't wait for HTC One... I still love my NexusOne and was very happy... Already disappointed with Galaxy Nexus, quality ... below HTC.

The Galaxy Nexus is simply fantastic. The hardware is great and Android 4.0 (Ice-cream Sandwich) is an absolutely amazing improvement on the OS side of things. The phone looks gorgeous with its curved glass front, slim design and NO VERIZON BRANDING on the front to detract from the look of the phone.The phone is snappy, and lag free. The SAMOLED screen is gorgeous and while I was very hesitant to buy a pentile matrix screen, the high pixel density on this screen results in great display quality and none of the traditional complaints against older gen pentile screens.Battery life has also been great. When on Wifi, I lose around 1.1-1.2% battery per hour and I've gone 2 days without charging and light use.My only complaint is that the phone can feel a bit slippery in your hands as the plastic is quite smooth. I'd recommend a Diztronic TPU case (Matte Black) to keep the phone protected while minimally affecting the looks and form-factor of the phone.I couldn't be happier with this phone, and with all the great support from Google and from other developers (if your Root and unlock the bootloader), I am confident that it will easily last me 2 years on my contract without any issues.

Pros:1. Quick delivery from Amazon. Ordered on Dec16th and got it on Dec 21st.2. The interface is better than iPhone and touch screen as good as iPhone.3. Great screen display and awesome video quality.Cons:1. Speaker phone is noisy and sometimes the other caller hears his own echo. The sound quality is horrible while listening to music or youtube videos unless you put on headsets.2. Horrible battery life. When battery life was remaining at 15%  the stats show as below.39% of the battery was used by phone (used speaker phone for 1 hour) and 36% used by the screen ( on for 2 hours over a span of 8 hours) and the rest go to android os , browser , etc..3. Horrible picture quality. Doesn't even justify 5 MP camera. The pictures look grainy and have yellow tinge.4. Cannot do multi-tasking like listening to music from online and navigating the pictures.Planning to return this. Feeling bad as to why I waited more than 2 months instead of buying iPhone 4S or Motorola Droid Razar.

Read the other reviews for the typical stuff, here are some choice notable points:1)  Not all AC/USB converters are alike.  When I used a converter other than what Samsung gave me, it didn't even increase the charge above 68% while heavy-duty tethering 4G overnight.  Keep that in mind if you find yours doesn't charge quickly.2)  There are 4 batteries available for the phone.  NFC and non-NFC as well as standard/extended.  After swapping the NFC for the non-NFC and fixing the situation from point #1, my battery gets phenomenal life.  When it doesn't then I can see what is eating battery by the ICS battery monitor built into the Settings.  All that being said, the standard battery should easily last you the day unless you're tethering much and/or are streaming video for more than a couple hours.3)  Sometimes the screen is too big.  I have big hands and am 6'1".  Even I have to sometimes adjust the phone in my hand to reach my thumb across the screen when in portrait mode.  A pain, but acceptable considering the larger real estate and 1280x720 gloriousness.4)  I look forward to the dock accessories for the phone.  Supposedly one of them has a full HDMI port.  Another will charge a second battery simultaneously.5)  Fear not that it doesn't have an HDMI port.  MHL is the new spec where you can feed power AND HDMI via a breakout cable.  The HTC Rezound has one on their website that you can see and refer to.  I would imagine Samsung/Verizon will have one out soon that works.  Some allow only HDMI out but will drain the battery.  I'd suggest waiting for one that powers the phone and outputs HDMI at the same time.6)  The phone is super slim.  You cannot see this phone when it is in the pocket.  Similar to the Samsung Galaxy SII's thinness.7)  Bluetooth pairing works great and the 4G LTE tethering is super fast and reliable.Enjoy!

I'm a geek and a tweaker and always have been. This phone is perfect for me since it is so easy to root and download custom ROM's. The stock ROM did not impress me. I had similar issues with dropped calls. Once I started using custom ROM's most of my issues have disappeared. The two issues I still have are signal strength and battery life. I'm on the fringe of the 4G network. My signal will go from 4G to 3G and keep going back and forth. When I'm in a solid 4G area I have no signal issues.  In fact, when in a solid 3G area I'm fine. The battery life of the original battery is brutal but I got the extended battery and use a product called "Juice Defender" that can get me through a full 12+ hour day without needing to charge. When I first bought the phone I was lucky to get 4 hours. If your not into tweaking your phone and just want to use it for basic phone calls and you are a casual email user, this may not be the right device for you. For me, it's the best phone I have had and I have had a lot of smart phones over the past 4 years.

If you want a Nexus device, do NOT buy the Verizon version.  Nexus devices are supposed to get new early updates.  Unfortunately, the Android 4.0.4 took about 5 months to get the Verizon Galaxy Nexus.  The Jelly Bean has been out about 3 months, and it doesn't seem like it's going to be coming the Verizon Galaxy Nexus anytime soon.  All the Nexus devices have already received this update.  Now, there are few non-nexus devices that started to get the update.If you don't care about having the "nexus" experience, then the phone is alright.  But I probably would go with the S3 instead.

I was very excited about this phone and bought it on its release day. I am a huge android fan but this experience 6 months later is really forcing me to consider switching to an iphone or razr maxx.Let me start off with the good. This phone has a great screen (720p), great processor that rarely lags, and has an unlocked bootloader allowing you to update your phone earlier than verizon's notoriously slow process. 4G, when working, is incredibly fast. ICS is also a huge step up from gingerbread and in many ways superior to iOS.Now the bad. The phone comes with an 1850 mAh which has atrocious battery life, as has been documented all over the internet. That equated to about 2-3 hours of web surfing before my phone completely died which I didn't think was possible. The 720p screen eats battery like nothing else and the chipset seems to heat up and drain battery life quicker than I have ever seen. I upgraded to the 2100mAh battery which improved my results somewhat. Now with light usage, customized battery saving roms, 4g, bluetooth, and gps all off, I can squeeze out about 12.5 hours of life out of the extended battery. My light usage consists of 30 mins or less of talking on the phone, 30 mins of web browsing, a couple of texts, and occasionally checking widgets. My friend has the same phone and has managed to get his up 15 hours by putting his phone in airplane mode for parts of the day. While the phone has a lot of great features, the battery life makes them borderline unusable and I find myself needing to carry around an extra battery with me to make sure my phone doesn't die before I can get to a charger.The build quality of the phone is also very low. Samsung's choice of materials for the phone leaves a lot to be desired and I'm sure that some minor drops would be sufficient to break the phone. Im basically trying to get rid of this phone now so that I can get the razr maxx with its inferior gingerbread or i0S with its lack of features because unfortunately having a phone that can last half a day is too important to look over.

I really wanted to like Google's flagship phone; I tried. I've had an iPhone, and am no fanboy of either Google or Apple. But, after nearly 4 months, I just am tired of this thing. It's awesome as a device, but is horrible as a phone. I had a $20 Wal-Mart flip phone for a year (after ditching my iPhone), and the phone quality was much better on that cheap little thing, than this $800 phone. Yes, the nexus can play great video, but it seems Google forgot that at the basis, this is a phone, not a tablet. I signed a two-year contract to get the discount, or else I'd be back with my flip phone, instead of trying to make out the garbled audio, if i'm lucky enough to 1) get reception, and 2) the battery hasn't died yet (ok, i do have a car charger, but seriously, this battery is horrible).Pros-fast processor-great screen/great video-fast 4G LTE connection-shutter speed is niceCons-battery life is horrible-audible quality is terrible (both ways)-updates NEVER happen...maybe that's Verizon's fault, but I have more respect for Apple now, than I do Google-signal strength is lacking-camera is so-so-$3/month for visual voicemail (am I cheap to rant on that, or is Verizon/Google cheap to charge for this)I tried Apple....actually, I have more respect for Apple after my experience with the Nexus.I tried Google...lost a customer (and, I seriously considered moving all of my business over to Google Apps, but it seems they have too much focus on the "next" thing, and not what is at hand).I am honestly now going to go for WP8 when they move to Verizon on the 4G LTE.

I worked for Verizon for 4 years and in wireless for 9 years. I live in Omaha but I grew up in a small town where I havent had many issues getting reception when back home.  I am sad, because for as long as I waited for the GNex I had to return it after one swap.  The phone has signal/mic isses that neither Google, Samsung, or Verizon will admit.When talking the other person on the other line will not be able to hear you all of a sudden, but you can hear them perfect. You have to end the call, call back and sometimes reboot.  I hate Iphone, Love android, and ICS 4.0 rocks! But the Hardware on the phone is Mediocore at best.I would wait for potential updates or the next ICS phone.

When the Galaxy Nexus became available in December, it was the best smartphone available on any carrier. Four months later, that still holds true. With its bright and vivid screen, snappy performance, quick camera, and overall UI polish, few phones can even compete. Despite its large screen size, it still manages to fit comfortably in the hand. With its powerful dual core processor, it can handle any task you throw at it without ever stuttering or lagging.

Hardware & Form Factor:A lot of the reviews of the GSM version claimed that the phone felt big in people's hand and that some people had trouble with one-hand operations, however I don't see this to be the case. I have had no trouble using this phone in one hand. It fits comfortably in my hand, and the phone is incredibly light. While the RAZR might also be light, because it is slightly wider, it did not feel as comfortable in my hand.While this phone may not have the same high-end processor that is found in the HTC Rezound, the 1.2 GHz dual-core processor combined with Android 4.0 makes this thing lightning fast. (Update 1/17/12: My research has informed me that the processor in the device can actually clock up to 1.5GHz. You can get speeds higher than 1.2 GHz, but you must unlock your bootloader and flash a custom kernel.  There are a few that overclock to 1.35 GHz since that is what has been found to be the highest speed that remains stable.  Do this at your own risk.)I have found no lag in anything. At times, launching the camera application takes a few extra seconds, but it is really not too bad. Overall, launching apps is the fastest of all of smartphone out there (and yes, this is faster than the iPhone 4S). Since I've already mentioned the camera, I'll mention it now. It takes very good photos, but not quite the quality of pictures that the iPhone 4 or 4S is capable of. While it is only a 5MP camera, REMEMBER that MP is not the whole story because the light sensors are even more important. That being said, this takes very good photos and make this a good point-and-shoot camera, just not great.While some people don't like the plastic feel that Samsung chooses to use, it feel very sturdy! If you need to take the back cover off, it comes off fairly easily, but snapping it back in is somewhat annoying. But keep in mind, how often will you really need to take off the cover. Because the phone is made of very high-quality plastic, it is much sturdier than the iPhone. Yes, the iPhone may have more of a premium feel to it, but to make a phone that has glass on the front and back of the phone, you will very scared of dropping it for fear of cracking the glass. And if you crack the glass on the iPhone, it is not covered by insurance.I have two assessments of the speaker on this phone. For phone calls, it's great, whether you have it on speaker phone or not. However, if you try to watch a video or listen to music on it the speaker could be louder, but the fact that the speaker is on the back of the phone plays a factor in why it could be louder. . Let's remember this though, this is a phone so in that respect the speaker is great!DisplayThe Display is absolutely amazing! It's crisp, and the color saturation is incredibly. I've never seen a display quite like it. It is on par with the iPhone 4, iPhone 4S and the HTC Rezound. While the Rezound technically has the highest ppi, the 315ppi on the Nexus is amazing. You can adjust the brightness to save some battery life, and even on low the picture looks as good as is to be expected, but I've chosen to leave it on full brightness because the screen is just that pretty.  At time I find myself switching to the auto-brightness setting which I find is very helpful. Since I have always used  my cells phones as my alarm clock, the auto-brightness makes it easy to actually look at the phone when the room is dark after I've just woken up.  Because the screen is amazing I am willing to leave it on full-brightness most of the time, except when I go to sleep becasue I don't like being blinded when I have to either snooze or dismiss my alarm.Camera:I know I've already mentioned the camera a little bit, but since most reviews line item this separately, I will do the same. Yes it's only 5MP, but MP aren't everything.  As I've mentioned, the light sensors are more important. It is a little disappointing to see that Samsung didn't inclue the 8MP shooter they use on their Galaxy SII brand becasue that phone takes some pretty good photos as well.  After spending a decent amount of time playing with the camera, I find that in perfect lighting, this thing takes great pictures, but other than that, it struggles to take a high quality picture. This still doesn't change the fact that it can take very good pictures, but it's just not what you would have expected in a flagship phone, especially since pictures from the Galaxy SII takes better pictures. Kind of a bummer. However, you can play with the settings as needed to get what I think can still be a very good picture, but not great.Google really made us aware of the zero shutter lag that comes from the software and camera. I've tested this several times and demoed it to a lot of people that didn't quite believe. I could shoot off about 10 photos in like 2-3 seconds. That's pretty fast!This thing can also shoot in 1080. Now if you wondering how it can do that with only 5MP, you have to understand what resolution 5MP can produce. A 5MP shooter can produce photos and videos with a resolution of 2984 x 1680.  For those of you that don't fully understand the resolutnion of 1080p video, the resolution is actually 1920 x 1080.  Now that you can see this, it is clearly understandable why and how the 5MP shooter with a great sensor shoots in 1080. (Updated on 1/27/12: My initial review mentioned 720p recording, but after using the camera enough, I found that was in fact capable of shooting 1080p video in the settings.  Default is 720p though, so be sure to change it!).Again though, the camera in the Galaxy Nexus isn't quite going to give you pictures of the quality that come from the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S, but this is still a decent camera.Software:I came from a Blackberry, but I have had some experience with iPhones and various Android phones and the custom skins different OEMs use. I can say that the lack of OEM customization and the pure Android experience is by far the best. I like it better than the iPhone OS too. While some people won't like seeing the Google Search Bar widget built in to all the home screens, I kind of like it. The swipe down notification tray is great (something I didn't have with my BB), and you can access it even while the screen is locked, but if you have security set up you will need to unlock before accessing notification tray.The speech to text feature baked into the whole OS is very good. However, you need to speak very deliberately, and very clearly. If you do, it's about 95% accurate. the other 5% actually has some other options to select from that it thinks you said. While I have not demoed Siri on the iPhone 4S, i do know that you need to speak very clearly too for that, but it might be more accurate. I can't say for sure though. And while the speech to text in ICS is not a personal assistant, I do not need to talk to my phone like I am on the Star Trek Enterprise. Also many owners of the iPhone 4S don't even use Siri after the first couple of weeks. After months of having this phone, I use the speech to text all the time because it's very easy to access and dictate messages when my hands aren't free to type or if my eye should be elsewhere.The resizable widgets is great. The other thing I like is the ability to create folders on your home screens, but this is something that iOS has had for a while now. However, where this trumps iOS is if you create speed dials. In iOS you can't easily create speed dials, but Android has always been good at this, and with the ability to create folders on your home screen, this becomes incredibly useful because you are not cluttering your screen with all your speed dials.ICS also has a task manager is that very easy to access as it's built-in as one of the software buttons (remember there are no physical buttons aside from the volume rocker and the power button). You can switch between apps that you have open with a quick press. You can also use this to close any apps that you aren't using anymore. Speaking of Apps, because this is a Nexus device, you won't find any of the bloatware apps that Verizon loves include on its phones. Well, actually you will find 2 apps, My Verizon Mobile and VZ Backup Assistant. I tend to find Backup Assistant to be useless since all my contacts are synced with my gmail, but the My Verizon Mobile i think is semi-useful. Although I have a grandfathered data plan, I can easily launch this app up and check my minutes. If you really don't want these two apps though, in ICS you can disable the apps and they disappear for your app tray.If you are buying this and don't have a grandfathered data plan you will most defintely want to take advantage of a brand new feature in ICS. You can limit how much data your phone uses each month on the mobile network. This is really important because you don't want to use your phone all month and then get hit with a huge overage charge on data. You can tweak the settings too to limit background data used by running apps also. This is a great add to ICS!Battery Life:We've all heard this time and time again, but battery life on 4G phones is not great. So this phone comes with a slightly larger battery than the GSM version. That being said, this was needed for the 4G LTE antenna. You may want to disable 4G if you don't live in an area that has 4G or if you want to conserve battery life. Because I'm not always in 4G coverage, I've turned off the 4G. Since then, my battery life has been great! Most of your battery life is going to get drained by your display, but this is true for all smartphones though. I love how crystal clear the screen is on full brightness so I can deal with the the slightly shorter battery life I will have.Update 1/3/12: After several weeks now with the phone, I can comment on the battery life better now. On moderate to heavy usage I can get upwards of around 7 hours. On light usage I get more than 10. The real kicker here is the screen. Screens on any smartphone are power guzzlers. Everyone has different usage on their phones. Also, I read someone complaining about how long it takes to recharge. Using the charger the phone came with, the phone charges pretty fast. However, some other chargers I have take a little longer. Since each charger is designed slightly different (voltage and wattage), this could be the factor.New 1/9/12 - A Nexus Device: Some people might argue this as being a true Nexus, but the idea of Nexus is for it to be a true developer device. Now you don't need to be a developer to want this phone because it is still by far better than most of the devices out there. However, if you do want to experiment with this and learn how to flash roms and do some other fun stuff, since this is a Nexus device, the bootloader comes unlocked and the device is easily rooted. One developer actually wrote a program that does it all for you.  So what would have take a user with no experience about 5 minutes (that's how long it took me and I had never rooted a phone since I came from Blackberry), will take you about 1 minute.Also as a Nexus, this device has no OEM customization, which I've already stated. This makes the User Experience simply put as fantastic! There is next to no learning curve with this phone. Very easy to use in that regard.Some Issues/ConcernsSome people will likely be upset by the lack of Facebook syncing with your contacts, but from my research this is not soething that has been supported for some time. If you do need that, Friendcaster will do the trick though and can be downloaded from the Android Market. However, there is a brand new app as of 12/19 that apparently works better called "HaxSync - ICS Facebook Sync" that works great. I have yet to try it, but I will be sure to check it out for $0.99.Yes, there is no Google Wallet, but this apparently has to do with security concerns from Verizon, but it could also have to do with the mobile payment system that Verizon has coming later this year. Because of the Net Neutrality laws, if Google fixes the security issues that Verizon is concerned about, Verizon will not legally be allowed to block the app. So don't be too concerned about this one. You can actually get this on your phone now without rooting by downloading the .apk from XDA. Just remember that you are putting your personal CC information into the app.Is it really a true Nexus device? Well it depends on how you look at it. Because of the two Verizon apps on it most people would say no. I don't see why Verizon forced Google to include the apps when they don't force Apple to preload the same apps. Kind of bums me out to see VZ flex it's muscles, but I already mentioned these can be disabled and you can completely remove if you root the phone. The real concern here is regarding updates. Verizon has shown that they will interupt the update process that Nexus devices should be receiving. Android 4.0.4 has been available for some time now and Verizon has yet to allow it to be pushed to this device. If you are going to buy this phone, keep in mind that all other devices on VZ's network are subject to the same slow update process.No Gorilla Glass, but this is really not an issue. I just want to call this out because someone asked me about it. Gorilla glass is actually much more expensive for OEMs and is power hungry. The fortified glass used by the Nexus is incredibly durable. You can take a key and try to scratch it, but you will have a hard time leaving a mark or even cracking the screen.No USB mass storage. While this was thought to be a huge deal-breaker for a lot of people, you can connect it to your computer and drop files onto the device. So if you were concerned about being able to get pictures or music from your computer to your phone, you don't have to worry too much.No SD slot. This is related to the USB mass storage because it doesn't have the removable storage. But this phone has a 32GB internal storage. This is more than enough for any user. If you really intend to fill up more than that with pictures or music, get an iPod or a regular digital camera. Also, you can easily access Google music on this device, so load your music onto that and you should be just fine since you won't use up space on your phone and you'll still be able to access all your music!The phone can get hot at times. I've found this is only when I have just pulled it off the charger and start using it immediately and frequently. Otherwise, I haven't had any problems with this.Update 1/9/12: Ok so this does get hot when using it for a while (i.e. the screen is on and at a somewhat high level of brightness). I am not sure what this will do to the stability of the hardware in the future, but this is definitely a slight concern of mine.Hopefully if you read this you found this helpful. I can easily say this is an amazing phone and I am glad I waited for this phone instead of settling for the RAZR or iPhone.

I knew I was ready for a smartphone experience and I wanted the best...and I got more than I bargained for. The screen makes everything come alive...the camera is fantastic!  I was concerned about it only being 5 MP but I assure you the pictures are fabulous...thank goodness for the flash.  The screen is so big.  I am still tweeking settings so as to save my battery life!  I considered buying the extended battery but did not want the bulky back cover. I bought a desk top charger with a regular battery...this way the look of the phone will stay the same...nice and thin...but yet I pretty much doubled the battery life and got a stand for my phone/alarm clock! lol

I read all the reviews on Amazon, CNET, and other sites.  I thought this was a great price for a great phone.  I prefer Android to IOS and was excited about the features this phone offered.  The operating system works as expected - with a few minor annoyances.  Google music will turn-on at random times without my prompting.  It hangs up your phone call when it does.  The screen lock turns on when using navigation or in the middle of a phone call.  These issues are minor when compared to all the great features of the android operating system.However, the phone itself is terrible.  I've been using it now for 1.5 weeks while travelling extensively across the Southeast.  I rarely have a signal - even in a major city with good 4G coverage according to Verizon's website.  I can't even count the number of dropped calls.  Sometimes, I show a strong signal, but as soon as I dial, the signal strength drops and I get a "no service" message.  When I do connect, there is typically a strong echo.  Volume is exceedingly low even when turned up all the way.Finally, battery life.  I am averaging about 4.5 hours of battery - about 4 of which are on standby with the screen off. So, that means I get about 30 minutes of use before the battery is dead.  I basically only use the phone if it is plugged into a charger.  Again, this performance is after only 1.5 weeks of use.  I fully charged the battery right out of the box.Perhaps this really is a great phone, and I received a lemon.  I don't know, but I do know this one is going back to Amazon.  I would not recommend this phone unless I can see one that actually works as advertised.

I absolutely love this phone. Like many people, I made the huge leap up from the original Droid when my contract came up.  I love the huge, beautiful screen especially when I'm watching video. I'm a little disappointed about how the 4G will drain the battery, but that's easy enough to fix.A word of advice: don't be afraid to root it!  Verizon thinks that you shouldn't have Google Wallet so that they can lock you into their service later, but you can root the phone in under 5 minutes and then install it yourself. Totally worth it and works beautifully!  I love using it and can't wait until it's everywhere. It's one of those silly moments where you feel like you're living the future if you can wave your phone over a little box and buy yourself a sub.

I thought I was getting a big upgrade when I bought the Galaxy Nexus rather than the iPhone 4S. They both would've cost me the same, I chose the Nexus after reading an incredibly large about of reviews. I extremely regret purchasing this phone over the 4S, mainly because Verizon or Samsung wont take credibility for the overheated charging port, something that Apple would clearly do.So what I love about this phone:- The screen is slightly larger- I love having 4G internet- Navigation slightly better than iPhoneWhat I hate about this phone:- battery port overheated one day with original charger, now the phone does not charge properly. I literally have to have my phone propped up against something to get it at the perfect angle to charge. Verizon and Samsung wont replace this clear manufacture defect issue. Apple store clearly would have replaced the phone with no questions asked.- it crashes a ton - camera, apps, everything- it restarts for no reason, sometime at really inopportune times - like driving with the navigation on- everything that can easily be done on apple takes a little more time on Android (especially the poorly laid out settings, and inability to sync my phone easily with my computer)- battery cover is extremely flimsy, replaced it twice so far. Overall build quality is low, the outside edges easily get scratched by things in my pocket, after 6 months this phone just looks plain shitty and worn. I have broken the screen once (it cost $163 from Samsung to replace, Apple replaced two of my iPhone 4 screens for no charge under the warranty).

Beware, their build quality is NOT consistent, and consider other brand of Android phone if you can!I got a Verizon version galaxy nexus.  It had two major defects:1. The battery life is only about five to six hours stand-by from a full charge, and I feel the phone is always warm.2. It's very hard to get any verizon signal.  Sometimes, like a few minutes each hour, it gives me many bars, but most of the time, it's just showing nothing or one bar.  Of course, I am talking about the place where the verizon coverage is known to be very very good.  There seem to be a lot of discussions online about it, just google for "Galaxy Nexus Verizon Signal Problem".Samsung's customer service was terrible terrible. I waited for 13 days for the repaired.  I had to escalate three times to get the repair shipped back using express mail.  They had planned to ship back using regular ground mail again if I didn't call again on the day it was repairing!The repaired unit is still defective.  I found the LED notifier does not work for me while my friends att phone does (I did turn the "Setting -> Display -> Pulse notification light" on by default and tried to send messages/emails to my phone).Anyway, regarding the fixed new unit:+ The most shining thing about this phone is the ICS Android system.  It's beautifully built by Google and works fantastically.  Please refer to other ICS reviews regarding this part.  I want to focus the review on the phone itself.  It was great that you can track your data usage, beam your friends phone, etc etc...+ The screen is beautiful.  The high definition certainly makes viewing experience fantastic.  Thanks to the hardware acceleration, everything runs smoothly including gaming, and surfing/browsing feels a lot nicer.+ Nice form factor.  It's thin and light, and bigger as the screen gets, it fits in my hand perfectly and exactly about right.That's the end of the good story.  Now come the parts I don't like.- The build quality is pretty cheap.  When looking at it closely, I found the rounding of the top left and top right not entirely symmetric.  And the upper-right corner of the phone has paint chipped off (just several hours normal use).  Another design flaw is the screen rim.  The joint between the screen and the base collects dust really easily.- The speaker is still bad.  I feel it's actually worse than the previous Nexus S somehow... The sound quality is embarrassing when you use GPS, and the maximized volume should be higher - at least as high as the iphone 4.- Samsung's stock software is done very rough.  Their email app is totally redundant and doesn't integrate the rest of the software package well enough, plus, its desktop widget doesn't fits with other gadgets and icons well on the screen well either.- Samsung Kies is useless, at least for me.  You don't even need this to root your phone.

Going on my third week with the Verizon Galaxy Nexus.  All I can say is that it does everything I needed and more.Ice Cream Sandwich is a huge improvement over what I was previously using (Froyo).  The Google Apps integrate in really well.  It's easy to copy text in an email, paste it into a browser, and send a friend a link in an text.The only thing I can't do is upload my Facebook contacts into my contact list.  This isn't an issue because I had everybody I wanted already in my Google account, but it is something people should be aware of.  I'm not sure if Google and Facebook will settle their differences and fix this.  Battery life is decent.I use my phone all day to surf the web and listen to music and I can't make it through an entire day on a charge but I guess this is what I expected so it hasn't been an issue.  The phone is very responsive although I notice some lag if I have a lot of high power Apps open at once.  It took me a while to get used to the size of the phone.  My old phone (HTC eris) was so much smaller that this phone seemed enormous.  After a week of use I hardly notice the size and because of the bezel and how thin the phone is I don't notice it in my pocket anymore then my Eris.All in all I highly recommend the phone.

I bought the Samsung Galaxy Nexus with high hopes after reading all of the stellar reviews about its inky black screen, amazing Ice Cream Sandwich OS, and mature and refined version of android in ICS.  I had the phone for my full 30 days, kept giving it another chance over and over again, and finally decided to return it and get a Blackberry Bold (gasp!).The good:* Android ICS os* Very fast* Integration with Google products* Panoramic photos (actually made a lot of use of this!)The bad:* Battery life was abysmal* LOTS of glitches and bugs!  When dialing in an automated phone system, the numbers would register with the system differently than what I was inputting - tried several times with same outcome and ultimately found on an android forum that this was a problem for others as well* Speaker phone was terrible* Glare made the phone impossible to read when outdoors* Size of phone is awkward for small hands (like mine!)* Gyroscope is terrible!  When you turn the phone you often have to shake it to get it to register than you've turned it to landscape and sometimes it doesn't work at allTHE SHORT OF IT:I decided to wait for the next ICS phone to come out, instead of compromising so much on this one.  I switched back to the Blackberry, which at least has very good reception, perfect email/messaging capability and decent battery.  I'd rather have a phone that does the basic things well, than a phone that tries to do a lot and fails slightly in just as much.

With 4G disabled, this phone is nice.  Much like my previous HTC Incredible, the Nexus has a beautiful screen and is quite fast.If I enable 4G, most applications fail due to 'no connection', phone service goes away completely where the HTC phone ran perfectly, and the battery lasts only five hours.

Thank god for Amazon customer service! The phone is amazing and it works perfectly for everything, except making phone calls. Almost every single call I make is cut off because the person on the other line cannot hear me. I can hear just fine but all they hear is clicking. I sent the first phone back thinking it was a fluke and the second phone did the same exact thing. What is the point of having a phone that doesn't make phone calls?

I love android just to start off but im sad to say this phone sucks. Had att galaxy s2 skyrocket and it puts this phone to shame. First off no mp3 player except google pay, no facebook contact sync, and verizon doesnt allow google pay, no task killer either. But my biggest problem is reception is the worest ive ever had ever inside or outside. My dinc never had proplem. Oh and the battery is a joke had the g1 nexus s and nexus one and in my opinion this is no nexus phone. Highly disappointed. Oh almost forgot the volume is extremly low even on max. Please give us a major update. Or im going iphone till you do and i hate iphone my fb pic is android peeing on an apple logo. Get the razr if you coming to verizon or the skyrocket if att

I received my first Nexus at the beginning of January. Verizon's coverage maps showed my house was in the "Verizon 4G LTE Extended" (light red) area and my office was in the "Verizon 4G LTE" (dark red) area. Yet I could never reliably receive a 4G signal. I found some spots where the signal was slighly better and occasionally (mostly at night or at other low traffic times) I could get 2 bars of 4G. But the moment I went to use the connection (either with the phone or with Mobile Hotspot), the connection would switch from 4G to 3G and with no bars. My connection speed would be about 100kbps.I figured I would give it a few weeks and let Google or Samsung release a software update. After all, this was their flagship phone.February went by, then March, then April. Now it is May and I am still using the same 4.0.2 software and having the same problems. I called Verizon and they agreed to send me a warranty replacement. The certified like-new one that they sent had a mid-April build date on the label behind the battery. Yet the reception problem was identical.There is a 4.0.4 rom floating around on the web, so I decided to give it a try. Unlocking, rooting and flashing was very easy. The phoned switched between 3G and 4G much quicker. But there was no difference in reception. And my average connection speed at home was still around 100 kbps.So I called Verizon again and made them give me a different phone, this time an HTC Rezound. Now I actually get 4G at home and at the office. My connection speed at home is around 3 mbps and at the office is around 10 mbps. Night and day difference. I should have stayed with HTC.Buyer beware.

I purchased a Samsung Galaxy Nexus as an upgrade to my HTC Incredible.  In terms of software, android 4.0 is a very nice upgrade, however I am disappointed with the build quality and hardware of this phone.  The camera quality is OK on this phone, not bad, but not the best camera on modern smartphones. Not a huge issue for me since I don't plan on taking professional photographs with this phone anyway.  Another drawback on this phone is the extremely low speaker volume, even on full volume you can barely hear the ringtone or notification sounds, unless you're in a quite room.  Also the vibration on the phone is barely noticeable, the phone can be in my pocket and if I am distracted I will not notice the vibration.  The AC charger on this phone emits an audible high pitched noise when it is plugged into an outlet charging the phone or not (I am using my HTC charger from my Incredible to charge my galaxy nexus which has no audible noise).  My biggest complaint about this phone is the volume rocker/button, it is slightly loose and makes a plastic ticking sound whenever you place the phone down onto a surface or move it back an forth which makes the phone seem very "cheap".  A $700 phone should feel solid and not have loose buttons on it.  After arguing with Verizon about this loose volume rocker issue for over an hour, they finally decided to issue a "final exchange",  I received the replacement device and this one too has the same loose volume rocker issue.  This was my first and will be my last phone purchased from Samsung.Other than those issues listed above, this is an amazing phone.

I really wanted to love this phone, as I'm standardized on Google products including Google Music, but Samsung really didn't dogfood this design before releasing it, and it shows.  Also, Google's OS 4 (Ice Cream Sandwich) REALLY disappoints as the tauted features only sound good but don't perform.What I WANTED to like about this phone:#1  no verizon-ware.  on this the Nexus delivers.#2  Fast Camera:  again, it delivers here too.#3  Google Music:  again, pretty good here to, altho the UI is not terribly intuitive, try to find "play all shuffle" isn't obvious.  but I'll allow they get some time to work out kinks.#4  Software buttons that move and change. This was the biggest disappointment.  sure, when you go from vertical to horizontal the buttons move.  Big whoop, it's not that big of a deal.  What SOUNDED like it was going to be cool, was each app being able to manipulate the buttons into whatever was most useful for that app.  In theory great, in practise not a single app changed anything.  Hey Google, where the heck is your search button?  Wasn't that the best thing about your phones from day one, the ability to search the entire device plus the internet from any app at any time?  No.  no, there's nothing easy about search on an Android these days, it's always been a disappointment actually.  if you want a really awesome search function, get Siri, it's awesome.  Long press the main button on any iphone, even pre-siri, and you can talk to your phone and have it call anyone in your phonebook.Not so with Android phones, it's always been buggy, but with OS 4 ICS it's not just buggy but UNUSABLE.#5  Google Finance:  can't really get on iphone, but seriously google, put some effort into this app, it SUCKS.  I can only access ONE of my portfolios, what good is that.  the app tells you it's updated ALL of your portfolios, but good luck finding them.#5Oh, and the following critiques of this phones problems are not in order of importance, the fact that the glass is easily cracked is the LEAST of my worries, altho incredibly telling of Samsung design.#1  Screen FAILWhat SOUNDS cool?  A curved piece of glass fronting this phone.  What's NOT cool?  A curved piece of glass which cracks because you keep the phone in your front pocket and laid down on the floor to play with baby but since the phone is curved it puts torque on the phone and cracks the screen.  Not once have I dropped it, yet on day two I have a cracked screen for the next two years.  I've owned about 4 different blackberries (many of which I've dropped multiple times on concrete), and 3 different iphones, and an android by HTC and only once have a I cracked a screen, but never from having it in my pocket (iPhone 1 cracked cuz it got hit by a door, totally legit).The screen is nice if you love a big screen (i do), but it's slow and obviously flawed in construction.  Nice try, but I'll never buy a curved piece of glass again and you shouldn't either.The phone still works, but you have to admit that a curved screen is just dumb design.  Even HTC with the "chins" on their phones knows not to curve the glass.  Nice try Samsung, I supposed it's good marketing that suckered me into buying this phone, but if this phone ever has a small amount of wieght on it in any way, the screen is donesky.#2  Turn-on FAILLike ALL Samsung products, you can never really tell if you've turned it on-- same with their TV sets.  I guess Koreans have a different idea of what constitutes ON.  I like something that at least tells me to wait, a light going on, something.  you can click the power button several times before you realize that the phone isn't turning on.  Then you can sometimes hold it down for what feels like an entire minute before you feel a haptic response that something is happening, but even with that you're not sure because it can take another 15 seconds before "google" comes onto the screen, and then more blackness that makes you think it died again, then a crazy collage of color that keeps turning on and off for far too long.  Turning on this phone takes FORVER.  Once you have it on, don't let the battery get &lt; 50% or else...#3  Battery FAILOnce less than 50% battery life, the phone MAY start turning itself on after you turn it off.  This happens frequently, a miserable bug that google hasn't fixed, and the screen then causes the battery to wear down in less than an hour.  Oh, and once you get about to a third of batter life left, the software can also bug-out and give you the battery-low warning every 5 seconds which makes you want to throw the phone into a brick wall after trying to do something simple.  This was the real dealbreaker for me, the bugginess of android 4.0.  If you really MUST have android, do yourself a favor and wait until 5.0, cuz 4.0 is nothing but confusion, soft buttons that don't help, and really awkward application manipulations especially MAPS.I'm really glad Google is demanding a spamware-free phone in the Nexus, but ICS android 4 just ruins any benefit by screwing up the battery mgt and making the entire experience cumbersome.#4  Voice operations  FAIL Double FAILGoogle, you're supposed to be a leader here, and you even have your own technology, unlike Apple who must cobble together 3 or 4 different services to make siri work; yet, the voice operations on your phone just ROT.  All the microphone buttons available to access things like voice search or voice-to-type are tiny, hard to find, and that's on top of the technology barely being usable.  Think you're going to press a button and voice dial a friend?  WRONG.  If that's your goal, get an iphone, even an old one without Siri.  I can't even describe how horribly integrated voice technology is for this OS and phone.  To top it all off, google got rid of their dedicated search button, clearly a mistake now that Apple has made this function front-and-center with the main button long-press.So goog luck even FINDING an opportunity to use voice controls.#5  LAG.  FAIL.They still haven't fixed the lagginess of the OS yet.  I know this is the 4th OS, but maybe 5th time's a charm?  Obviously, what ails Android is DEEP deep issue, and will require a massive changeovver, or maybe the OS is hampered by patents.  I don't know or care, but the finger/touch response of android is still crud.  I wish this weren't so, but I'm afraid after using this phone for 2 months now, it's painfully true.I want to LOVE this phone, but instead I LOATHE having to use it, and I'm stuck with it for 1.75 more years and VERY not happy about it.  I should have just gotten an iphone 4S until Android at LEAST produces a phone without lag.  As for Samsung, never again.  My TV, my laptop, and my phone are all Samsung now, and I hate each and every one of them, especially the TV which I can't even successfully turn on because it's so wierd.  Google will one day get thru the patent and basic OS issues, even if they just copy a lot of the successes of Apple (big reason apple is a pain, is really cost, cost of hardware, cost of music, etc....), but I don't think Samsung ever will.  If you're dying to own something Korean that's made well, try buying a Hyundai, let Samsung have it's wierd user-unfriendly interfaces.  I also own a Sony Google TV, and while it has some bugs more due to the software, at least I know when the thing turns on, and the speakers are decent quality.  Samsung smells.

I may have been a little behind some users, going straight from Motorola Droid to Samsung Galaxy Nexus, but it was worth the wait.  Man, is this phone fast.  Took some searching to learn basic navigation (e.g. in the browser you hold the backspace key to see favorites), but I am loving the phone.  I was also thinking of purchasing a tablet computer, or adding mobile hotspot to connect the phone to my laptop, but considering the size of this screen and how much easier it is to zoom and click on it, I think I can save the $$ and extra Verizon fees.Face recognition unlock works - - neat - - microphone still not very good :( - - camera MUCH improved - - and a pleasure to watch videos, surf the internet, use voice commands.  4.5 stars!

I waited for a long time with iphone 3gs and finally made a decision to upgrade to this phone. Very disappointed overall with this phone, I am already working on the returning it.The good -1) large screen2) Responsive controls, and smooth graphics3) Very comfortable to hold, I played games on this for 4-5 hours straight, did not feel any discomfort. I can't do this on my iphone, its slippery and not comfortable to hold in that position for long.4) Email apps are easy to use5) Very good download speeds over wifi6) Liked pandora - sounded great with the headphones that came with the phoneThe bad -1) The phone gets really hot (reminds me of my dell laptop), and it so hot that at times I cannot put this close to my ear when making a call. Its not when I am playing games, or have charger attached, just when making a call - wifi is always on at home.2) Bad signal - not sure if the phone is to blame but expected better from verizon.3) Battery is really bad frankly speaking(others would say its hard to rate !! .. really ???) - its quick to discharge and verrrry slow to charge back up. You will spend the same time it takes to discharge (approx 6 hours) to charge it as well (I'm using the wall charger not trying to charge with a USB connection).4) The screen is large, but the real estate is not used well. Just open craigslist on iphone and this phone - you'll know what I'm talking about. The display is grainy, I have to zoom in zoom out scroll etc to get the details I need, iphone is much better.5) The camera is really bad ... and I'm not talking about the 5 MP vs 8 MP, I know 5 MP is more than enough. The picture quality is really bad, its noisy, white balance is off even with good lighting, pictures look like they are out of an album from the 70s. I did not even want to try the panaromic function.6) If you have a samsung smart tv like me and want to buy this for the AllSHare capability, you'll be disappointed. This is a google phone apparently (not sure why its called a galaxy), so you don't have Allshare app and cannot stream audio/video to your smart tv.7) Face recognition is a joke - really .. did not work for me in low light, bright light, when I hold the phone at different angles. I found myself trying 2-3 times before getting it to work, waste of time.If you are like me thinking about making the big jump ... look for something else. This is a disappointing phone to say the least, trust me ... two years with this phone is going to be a bad marriage.Other thoughts - Amazon wireless shopping experience has been great. Verizon customer support is excellent as well.

Bought this phone so I could watch the NBA while sitting on the beach but the App does not show video on the SGN. This is my first SmartPhone and I can't say that it's made my life any easier.  I don't feel that's very user friendly.

Had a Galaxy S before. Do not even consider Apple...i guess it's a personal thing. I was playing with a 4S the other day and the screen felt too small.Need to admit the battery last very short time but got used to it.

Samsung always tries to give a little of everything in their phones. Nexus is a perfect example pf how they market their phones, "a little bit of everything but nothing great". A 1.5 Dual CPU, or a Super Amoled Plus screen would've made this phone a runaway must have, but they held back, and stayed with the pack of their competitors. Nonetheless, still a very solid phone for now,or at least the next 6 months.Phone has shortcomings, 4.0 appears very very raw (looks and feels like Android 1.0 before the upgrades; and 2.0 were released). The dialer needs to be fine tuned a bit, screens and buttons needs to be a little more user friendly (I keep going in circles trying to find simple functions like apps being used, or apps shut down). I understand that this is a more "pure" Android OS, but I still hope they fine tune it up a bit in future upgrades.I have my MP3 on 24/7; the speaker is fine IMHO. It's better than my Fascinate and Charge; but then everyone has a different "ear" for the best sound.Even though this is HD Super Amoled, The quality of the video IMHO is not superior to Super Amoled, or Super Amoled Plus. In fact, I thought video appeared superior on the Fascinate, Charge, and Stratosphere (since returned). I did a comparison with all 4 phones running the same video simultaneously. Nexus has slightly better image definition due the increased pixels quality, but the colors looked worse when compared to the others. Charge and Stratosphere had the best colors and video experience....again JMHO.Even with the shortcomings, I'd still go with the Nexus because it gives you a little of everything, but nothing superior which would make it a must have. It seems that none of the big 3 phone makers really want to out do each other; and instead prefer a tight race to keep us spending our money on their phones. If HTC had invested in, and put Amoled into their phones, the Rezound with it's 1.5 dual core, and near top or top specs, would have been top dog this holiday season and the phone to have.LOL...I predict the next Samsung phone will probably have a 1.5 dual, a HD Super Amoled Plus screen, a 4.7 inch screen, Android 4.2, and its price will be 349.99 with a 2 year contract!!!!!!The Nexus is a overall quality phone with nothing really great about it; except for the smoother and new OS, and the improved hardware; the next Samsung phone will be a much better phone. Just remember how Android 1.0 was before 2.0 was released. With this said, I'm going to keep this phone.BATTERY PROBLEM SUGGESTION: Folks, remember 5-7 years back, when cell carriers always told us to overcharge our phone batteries within the first day or few days in order to extend and break in a new battery? Well it sill works. When I first starting using the Nexus, it was sucking down my battery within minutes after unplugging the charger. Even when I was listening to my MP3 or watching video while the Nexus was plugged in, the drain was greater than the charging. I've overcharged my battery for 5 days now, and the life of the battery is extending now. Watching video and playing MP3s while plugged, is not draining my battery as fast as when it was brand new. I also get about 1 hour more in life when the phone is unplugged. I also did this with my Fascinate, and my Fascinate's battery lasted longer for me, until it started to get old. I ran my Fascinate into the ground -- literally! Anyway, what's old advice still works, so give it a try. This worked for me twice, and not everyone might get the same results as I did. It all comes down to personal expectations.Anyway, Good Luck trying and Happy Holidays to All! Enjoy your new cell phones; whichever you finally decide to stick with!!!

I regret purchasing the phone, for following reasons:- Even if you get an extended battery, to last a work day you will have to turn off a whole bunch of things like 4g, screen brightness, location and synch services.- Camera is awful- Build quality and material used are cheap, requires a strong case- Verizon is an equally crappy carrier (switching from at&t; in new york i had high expectations). Calls will drop, 4-3g switching will kill the battery, forget about ota updates- Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.2 is not flawless: Turning on encryption bricks the phone at startup randomly, Weather widget is broken, screen rotates with a huge lag, launcher crashes (i have to use Apex). Overall, has an experimental software kindof feel to it.

Just wanted to let you know that although the Galaxy Nexus doesn't have a Gorilla Glass screen, it just have reinforced glass which works just as well as Gorilla Glass. Search on youtube, Galaxy Nexus scratch test, it will show you what I mean. It's not the name brand we all know and love, but it works just fine! (I tried to post the links in here but it came out as [...] so you're gonna have to do it yourself!)

I used this phone for 3 days after switching from my beloved Droid Pro. ]I found this phone to be very fast and felt very comfortable texting on as well, however there are so many features that are missing on this phone. There was no way to make a contact invisible in your contacts list but you would want them to be a contact in case they call for example, (ie: ex girlfriends, lol)  Anyhow, there are just many small overlooked issues that annoy me with this new operating system.I was also inconvenienced being that there was no notification light (usual blinking green light on the Droid line) for emails or text messages from a quick glance of your phone. Also there was no SD card slot for those picture transfers from your old phone. Another issue I had was that in my pocket the phone collected lint from my jeans near the microphone area, dust and lint was very noticeable in that crevice near the mouthpiece. I had to use a toothpick to clean it out. Another issue was that the phone felt very fragile and I feel if I had dropped it somethign would have definitely broken on it. A case is a MUST for this phone if you choose to use it.I have switched to the droid bionic, however, i prefer the texting setup on this samsung galaxy nexus. The autocorrect was Top On for misspelled words for those getting used to touch screen phones. I highly recommend the droid bionic if you are a diehard motorola fan. (have tried the razr but the battery life isn't as good)In Summary:THE GOOD: The only good from this phone was the internet surfing speed w/the 4g, the touch screen, and the large screen size with excellent resolution. The touch screen texting is better than my droid bionic.THE BAD: No blinking green notification light for emails/texts. no way to make contacts invisible. Difficult to text message a contact, have to go through three different taps to text a contact. Sometimes accidentally autodialed them. No SD card slot.

Background: I am a Droid early adopter (bought the original Moto Droid the day it was launched). I've owned the original Droid, the Droid X and the Droid X2. My wife switched from her Blackberry Storm to the Droid Pro. My son owns Incredible 2. Daughter's own iPhone 4 and Samsung Fascinate.I've been waiting for Verizon to launch a high-end bloat free (no Touchwiz, SenseUI or motoblur) since I owned the original Droid hoping that a pure device would improve interface performance. This phone doesn't disappoint. It is fast. At first launch the phone re-installed most apps that were on my X2. Once I set it up with corporate email (Touchdown app), personal email (Gmail), music library (iSyncr wireless) and logged in/setup all apps that typically ran in background on my X2 (weather, Pulse, Twitter, Facebook etc) I tested the response of the UI. No delay, no hesitation, great video response fast all around experience. Been using it for a few days at this point. Not once have I noticed a delayed response to a swipe or tap - this is a huge win for Android. Typically Android devices have some minor 'lag' due to the fact that the OS is so much more functional than competing OS's (except perhaps Win Phone 7).I own a Xoom tablet so the learning curve on Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS) was minimal. If you haven't used Honeycomb there is a learning curve which is managed well by pop ups teaching new tricks. If you learned a previous version of Android you will be up to speed in 24 hours on this device. With that said, this OS is far more powerful than previous versions. Each day since I've had it I learn new features which enhance my ability to interact with the device. I love the group folders that can be put on the desktop. While having 7 'panels' of icons is nice - the group folder feature leaves you one additional tap from launching anything from your homescreen - very nice.Battery life - this is my first 4G phone. I am a power work user (email & web) but don't stream a lot of video or play a lot of games. I get through the day and into the evening without issue. My primary concern was being able to get through a 12-13 hour day without needing a charge or to swap batteries. Most days I can get through the work day without issue. I typically get home after a long day with about 20% remaining. Note that I do not take significant measures to manage battery life. I will likely get an extended battery once they are in stock.Pros:* Pure software - no bloatware* Speed and user interface upgrade with ICS* Groups on desktops - very convenient feature (simply drag an icon on top of another to create a group)* Incredible screen - this is an HD screen. HD provides an additional row of icons her page due to higher resolution* Feels good in hand. I like the form factor. In my opinion it could be a bit HEAVIER to feel more substantial in the hand. I will likely get an extended battery which, for me, will kill two birds with one stone (longer life, more substantial feel in the hand)Cons:* Lack of accessories at launch - this is likely due it being a new device but I'm used to seeing great accessory support from Motorola at launch. It looks like the car charger doesn't have built in charger but just a 'hole' to use a charger. No desktop charger at launch - if there is one, it's not on Verizon, Amazon, Samsung sites.* Weird setting for volume seems to link notification volume w/ phone volume. I love to set up profiles for volume and then control with Locale. At night I want the phone to be able to ring but I don't want to receive a notification for each email/text. The only method I can find to turn off email notifications is in the Email app which is annoying to have to do each night versus simply swapping profiles.* Limited to 32 gb of storage. I knew this going into the purchase so no star deduction - note to Google, on future devices if you're not going to include an SD card then give an option to buy 64 gb or more internal space on the device.

Let me first say that this phone is sleek, and feature rich. Ice Cream Sandwich is intuitive and easy to use.  There are so many things I like about this phone, but at the end of the day, it still has to be a phone. We have joked for years that they will put so many things into a phone that they will forget to make it a phone, but it has finally happened. There is a huge problem with reception. I was standing right next to a fellow Verizon user with 4 bars of signal (albeit 3G) on his blackberry. This phone was "searching for signal".  It wasn't until I encountered this problem that I started looking and found post after post since this phones release about this very problem. No fix released but one has been promised since December 2011.  DO NOT buy this phone until they release the fix assuming it can be done with software and that it isn't a hardware problem. Very disappointed to be boxing it back up to send it back, but I have no other choice.  The reception is just that bad. I will say that when it was connected, it was lightning fast, but that was only 50% of the time at best in an area where I had never had reception problems.

Had my Samsung Galaxy Nexus a little a week now.  My first Smart phone, so I had no prior versions to compare to.  Had an LG EnV2 prior to this for over 3 years (great phone - built like a tank) - but felt it was time to upgrade.  When shopping for this researched all curent 4G models, coming down to this and the HTC Rezound.My observations:> Screen size and control buttons.  Many comments made on the fact some of the screen space is used for the 3 control buttons at the bottom.  True . . .  BUT.  Found that when I downloaded and viewed a movie in landscape view it used the FULL screen - including where those bottons normally were. Worked fantasically to watch a movie on my plane flight yesterday. Screen looks just great.  (To get back to the command buttons you just touch the power button briefly).  So you do not lose that screen space - depending on the app.> Battery life.  All comments very valid, but some users have figured out that after a few full battery cycles (and I mean full: complete FULL re-charge to almost total discharge) the battery is lasting mouch longer now.  Maybe because I have also learned how to setup apps and data better too.  Not that you can get much more than a full day out of it, but do look at your settings.  And in reading reviews on ALL other 4G phones almost every reviewer - of every other brand and model - complained about poor battery life on ALL of them - regardless of brand. I do not think this Samsung is any worse than any of them in this regard - and probably better than many.  And there is a heavy duty battery available for the Samsung Galaxy Nexus - which is not true of many other models.> Data usage. My Verizon plan offers 4Gb/mth.  As a newbie to smartphones I may not have had settings correct - but on my 2nd day of ownership I used almost 1Gb while setting up my 3 email accounts.  Still not sure why, but I think it was downloading all attachments and photos to memory in the background upon install.  Just watch your settings - like how many days of messages do you really need to see.> 4G Lte.  Be careful of the hype.  Using this phone in Irvine, CA - which is a fairly high-tech area - I rarely saw 4G connectivity.  Now I am working in Northern NJ - still do not see much 4G connectivity.  I have also had a Verizon 4G Mobile Hotspot for almost a year - I rarely see it connect at 4G either.  In my experience - just because you have a 4G device do not expect that you will actually connect at that speed very often.  Speed is great when you can get it.... but does not appear that it is being realistically supported as more and more people try and use their new 4G devices.  4g network cannot keep up.> Case - yes phone is large due to the screen size and very thin, so a good case actually helps give you more to hold on to.  (I was also told this about the optional extended life battery - it's thicker shape helps you hold the phone better).  Doing some research I found the Diztronic Matte Back Black Flexible *Revision 3* TPU Case for this phone.  Adds just enough thickness and rubbery feel to help hold the phone beter while offering some good protection.  I also got the Halo screen protectors which fit the front perfectly (but be sure to follow install instructions exactly so as not to get any dust under it).  With case phone is marginally thicker, but still thinner than others I have seen, and it fits perfectly in my pants pocket.> Best feature - the use of voice==>text.  In writing texts this works great - even without any voice training.  Just speak clearly and it writes it all out for you.  Amazing.> Worst feature - Google Messaging program.  Maybe I am not used to it yet, but it works nothing like the Verizon LG messaging I was used.  No Inbox, no Sent Box, no way to easily copy or forward propr texts.  Will send out a text before you are ready if you hit the wrong key.  Not a phone issue (other than this it the programn it comes with) but find Google messaging very confusing and hard to work with.Would say that most of the reviews here on this phone I would agree with.  What is hard for me to know is how this phone really compares to all the competition.  The only way to ever really know that is to have each for a couple of weeks to give a thorough test drive.But so far I like what I see.  Am interested is finding some good apps to use on it.

I read all of the reviews of this phone before I bought it. There were quite a few reviews noting signal problems and software malfunctions but I was willing to take the chance because it is only a penny. I have had this phone for a while and I have not had any problems whatsoever. The pure android experience without any skins is really different and I really like it. If you have a good Verizon signal in your area get this phone.

I went from a Nexus One to this. Speeds are incredible, oftentimes loading pages faster than laptops. Battery life is fine, albeit with a car charger. Camera's ability to take quick pictures is a major bonus. Only problem I have with it is that the vibrate is very week, so I often don't notice when I'm getting a call while on silent mode. Love it, highly recommended.

This is a preliminary review and the five stars are based on the feature set and the Google phone goodness along with its reputation with the version that is out overseas. I will update this review with further thoughts as I become a little more familiar with this big old chunk of plastic:)To the reviewer who said it doesn't have a sim card slot I think you are confused. I think you mean sd card slot. In the U.S. this is a Verizon phone so it doesn't use sim cards. EDIT: Yes it does LTE phones do although it is a Verizon only card and you can't take it overseas or use the Verizon phone on AT&T;: You would have to get one from the uk or an unlocked one from google might have that option I suppose and then bring it to AT&T.; It does not have a slot for micro SD cards and this was a concern to me as I have an OG Droid and I have a 32gb micro sd card with it. So first you have to ask is 32gb enough? For me it will be as I have yet to fill up my current 32gb card. I filled up the 16gb that came with the phone fairly quickly but 32gb has been just fine. You can always shift more storage to the cloud as the first reviewer states they have the cloud stuff figured out pretty well now.Now -- to what you get by them doing it with the built in memory only. You have the whole 32gb available for apps! Let me repeat, you won't ever have to decide --  well what apps have I not used and do I really need them. For me this was getting to the point it was some of the paid apps I had bought. I had to root to run Titanium Backup to be able to backup (to the sd card) and then uninstall apps. Using Titanium Backup allowed me to still have them handy so I could reinstall them as needed.I am a little uneasy about this phones build quality as the only Samsung I have experience with is the wife's flip phone. Her phone has taken a couple of falls that would have killed flip phones from back in the day so I am hoping it is fairly tough. I am coming from the OG Droid as I have said and it has Gorrila glass and is built like a tank. I have been amazed at its build quality just stellar, I wish all phones felt like they were built to keep and not disposable. The Galaxy Nexus does have a nice heft to it and is obviously well thought out. I do think it will be fine for the long haul I just have to worry about scratches now....

I personally don't think that this phone gets the recognition it deserves. It's a great looking phone that functions amazingly well.I purchased this phone when it came on on the Verizon Network and I don't regret it. I guess I would be what you would call an "advance" user as I've rooted and rom'd my phones....and if that's what you're looking to get into, then owning a Nexus phone is the way to go.Now for the regular users. This phone has almost an infinity look to the front of it, as the bezel is black on top and bottom and runs directly to the screen. Depending on the angle you hold the phone you almost can't tell where the screen starts and ends when it's not on.It's a great phone to have because you will keep up to date with the Android builds. You were able to take advantage of 4.0, 4.1 and probably 4.2 before most other phones are even considered to have it. Owning this phone means you get the Google Experience. Basically you don't get held down with all of the fancy "bloatware" that motorola, htc or even samsung puts on their phones. A Nexus device is purely stock android and the way it should be.Now, to the issues which keep me from giving the phone 5 stars. I do believe that the radios (the method your phone gets its wireless signal with) are a beat lackluster. I notice that my signal bars are often lower than most other phones, BUT I have read this is the way the phone interprets it....but I know most of you will just want to look at the bars and judge by that. So an example would be when I have 1 bar 4G LTE my girlfriends Droid Razr generally has 3 bars 4G LTE in the exact same spot.I'm also not a fan of the back case on the phone. It's built out of plastic and seems a bit slippery, so get a case or you'll be dropping the phone. Also, the case has little plastic tabs that snap into place. If you frequently remove your batter I can see how these plastic tabs can break (1 of mine did, but it took a year)Finally, the camera. It's fast, it can take amazing pictures. It's only 5MP. It's a bit low in the world of "super phones", but it'll focus and take a picture faster than most of the 8MP cameras out there. So, you have to weigh out the pros and cons of that one for yourself.

This thing blazes. I couldn't get a nexus 4 because of monetary requirements. This is a great phone. Within 5 minutes of being in the door this sucker was unlocked and running android 4.2 jelly been. Great battery life on 4.2, but on 4.1 it is horrible. Love the features. The camera could use a little work, but it serves its purpose. charges relatively fast. make sure you whip out battery stats when you get it. headphone gain is amazing. This is a phone for those who love to tinker around with android and its sub-systems. i own 2 nexus devices (the galaxy and the 7) and plan on getting a nexus 10 by the end of the year. i could not ask for a better phone.

Update: Dec 21, 2011My recommendation, for those who can, is to get the pure google version of nexus for software update purposes as apparently updates to carrier based phones would have to receive carrier approval first before the update can be rolled out. This being a brand new OS on the brand new phone, direct link to Google would certainly help.Alright been playing for an hour now, its simply amazing...4.0 is just sweet. Will update later, for ref I came from htc sensation, hd2, storm etc, n seriously considered sgs2, note.+vesOverall ICS, just amazing, the navigation, the folder option, everything.Screen, just marvelous.Size, perfect, optimal...for those who want as much screen real estate as possible, only Galaxy note owners may be happier.Build quality, solid.-vesSpeaker volume not as loud and crisp as Sensation.Some data issues, can't download apps from Market sometimes for some reason. Getting around via wifi.Signal issues, apparently not the strongest...expecting a patch for data and signal issues.Minor but expected, short on accessories currently.

I was very torn between the Motorola Droid Razr and the Samsung Galaxy Nexus.  I wanted the benefits of Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) but fell in love with the Razr's hardware from the first time I saw it.I waited for the Galaxy Nexus, and I am far from disappointed, to say the least.  I don't think it's too fair to focus just on the OS for this phone's review--many other Android phones will have 4.0 within a few months, so while it's a big selling point, it really shouldn't be the ONLY selling point.The Galaxy Nexus (Nexus henceforth) is a very large phone, which may turn some individuals off from it.  However, keep in mind that the massive screen size is also at the expense of the back, menu, home, and search dedicated hardware buttons that appear on most phones.  This means that the screen size can be increased with less of an impact on the overall size of the phone.  The size of the phone was one of the main reasons I hesitated upgrading from my original Moto Droid, but I have to say, due to the slim profile, it's not nearly the burden I expected.Compared to my previous phone, which was built like a tank, the Nexus feels like a lightweight.  It's not that it feels cheaply manufactured, but it certainly feels more fragile than I'm used to.  I would imagine most smartphone users wouldn't notice this as much as me, given the heft of the original Droid, but it's worth mentioning.  The phone feels nice in the hand, but despite the textured back, it can feel a bit slippery.  It hasn't been a problem for me so far, but I have definitely noticed that the textured back is not very grippy.Cell signal has been solid on the Nexus.  I get about the same quality signal on my Nexus as I got previously on my Motorola Droid.  When the bars are lower, the quality of signal (speed + reliability) remains high.  I generally turn 4G off to save battery since I am not often in a 4G area.  However, when 4G is enabled the speed is exactly what I would expect from Verizon: FAST.The Nexus has slightly better than expected battery life.  With a reasonable amount of use, I can get through an entire work day.  4G (which I generally leave off) may lessen the duration of the battery, but generally I find that I can make it through a full work day without needing to charge. (although I sometimes do anyway out of habit from my old phone's dying battery)Speaking of the back of the phone, I am not a big fan of how the battery cover is removed and reattached.  The cover is very flexible, but it does feel like it takes a bit too much force to pry it off or snap it back on.  I wouldn't imagine it to be a problem, but it was startling the first time, when I installed the battery.The screen is absolutely beautiful.  In anything but direct sunlight, I have been extremely pleased with the colors and brightness of the screen.  However, I tried holding it at an angle which reflected the sun more, and I basically couldn't see anything.  Still, even outdoors in the bright sunlight, when not actively trying to make the screen look terrible, I was fine with its performance.The camera is acceptable quality.  It is good, but not great.  It definitely doesn't match the camera from the newest iPhone, and there are other Android devices with better cameras, as well.  I haven't had any issues with it, and I do like the ability to take photos more rapidly than I was able to on my older Android phone.  I miss the dedicated hardware camera button found on my Droid, but because the lock screen has a shortcut to the camera, I'm finding that I adjusted quickly to not using a hardware button for the camera.The sound is one of the weaker points, in my experience so far.  I find myself wanting to turn the ringer/media volume up, even when it is maxed out, because the volume simply doesn't go that high.  In-call volume was fine for me, even in a loud restaurant, but I have missed some notifications due to the volume being too low.  This may not affect everyone--I have a tendency not to hear my phone anyway.  This phone just seems a bit quieter than others I've used in the past.The screen curvature was a strange thing to me, the first time I saw it.  Honestly, it doesn't make much difference to me now.  The Nexus is slim enough that I don't notice the curvature of the device in my pocket, unless I'm deliberately paying attention to it.The review wouldn't be complete without at least some mention of the upgraded Android OS, so I will just mention a very small number of features I enjoy with the update, although that will barely scratch the surface of the new version's feature set.The new lock screen is nice.  Being able to switch to the camera directly from the lock screen is an interesting feature that I particularly enjoy.  I don't use it that often, but when I do, I always think about how much longer it took on my old phone to get to the camera app and take my first picture.  It's not instantaneous, but it's the closest I've seen on a phone so far.  The panorama setting might come in handy, but I haven't put it to use yet, so I can't really comment.  Facial recognition for the lock screen was good in my experience, but not something I'd want to use regularly, just based on personal preference.  Frequent locking/unlocking using the camera will use (slightly) more battery than a slide to unlock, or password or pin, in most cases, and provides very little actual security, so I opt to use slide to unlock--also in part due to being able to unlock directly into the camera app.App management has also been nicely revamped.  Most things can be installed on the Nexus, but even stock apps like "My Verizon" can now be set to "Disable" which stops them from running, although they remain occupying your phone's storage space.  Disabling also removes them from the app drawer, which is nice in my opinion.  Grouping apps on your home screen allows you to store several apps in one "space" on the home screen.  Tapping the top icon in this space expands the group as if opening a folder in Windows, showing all the shortcuts inside to various apps.  The Nexus came configured with a "Google" app group, and I have since grouped several games into another group, as well as my Song ID (Shazam and Soundhound) into another group, so they don't take up as much home screen space.The app switcher is probably my favorite feature of Android 4.0.  Now pressing the app switcher button (one of the 3 on-screen buttons available at all times) shows an overlay including the name and a snapshot of all the apps you have recently run, allowing you to restore the state of those apps at any time.  Swiping an app to the side removes it from the app switcher list.  The number of apps available here is configurable in the setting, as well, in case you don't want too many background apps running at once.  This has come in handy, although it has also made me aware that the back button no longer forces an app to close when exiting an app.  It will still appear in the app switcher overlay, in most cases.There are too many new features to really discuss at length at this time within Android 4.0.  That is simply a taste of what's in store.  There are changes to Android visuals, fonts, animations, notifications, and many other parts of Android.  However, those will one day apply to any Android 4.0 phone.  Therefore, I won't go any further into explaining them.  Android 4.0 software reviews can be found all over the internet.What is most important is that the Galaxy Nexus is a high quality phone.  I WANT to rate this phone a 5/5, because I love it.  However, part of that is likely bias from upgrading from the old Motorola Droid, which makes this phone shine even brighter.  I do believe the Razr's hardware is slightly superior, but not enough that I would trade phones and wait for the Razr's 4.0 update.  I very much enjoy my Galaxy Nexus, and am looking forward to the next 1-2 years of using it.  The phone is definitely a 4-star device, maybe 5-star, depending on your preferences.  It is definitely not perfect, but it's the best smartphone experience I've ever had, due to the combination of solid hardware and clean, usable software.

returned this today, very bad signal 4g kept dropping and 3g wouldnt pick up. battery life was terrible unplug from the charger and 6 hrs later its dead without using it, if you do use it lasts about 2.5 hrs. very quiet phone, had to hold it a foot from my face to hear netflix, and that was turned all the way up. don't waste your money

We bought 3 yesterday at Best Buy and they matched the amazon.com price, plus gave me my $50 credit due for me from Verizon.

I am a phone whore and usually get a new phone at least once a year. Before this phone I had a Motorola Droid2 and about 3 months after I got the phone I had major problems. So I started looking in to new phones. The two phones I was scoping out was the new iPhone 4s and the Galaxy Nexus. I really wanted a keyboard but neither of these phones had a keyboard. I was leaning more towards the iPhone because everyone has one and the accessories for the phone are so cute! But after realizing I'm losing a keyboard there was no competition to the screen size between the two. The Samsung Nexus beats the iPhone hands down! Bigger screen size, same clarity (if not better) photos, gorgeous videos, fast, easier to use touchscreen with the perfect letter sizes to text. I am very happy with this phone and I have made a few of my iPhone friends very jealous.

The 4G connection rarely works and it gets very hot when running on LTE/CDMA. I am constantly in CDMA only mode. Speaker is dreadful and I cannot do business calls over it. Even for 3G, the signal strength is very poor and call quality is pretty bad.Other than calling functions, the rest is very good but I really do need to have solid calling on my phone as I do not have a landline. This product should have never been released.

For anyone interested in what 'backordered' really means.I ordered this phone December 15th @ 4:40. It "shipped" December 16th @ 5:20.

I bought this 3 days ago, upgrading from a Droid X. I loved the X.The good: 4G is at least 10 time as fast as 3G: a page that took 20 seconds to load now loads in ~ 2 seconds, in addition to much snappier response from apps and games that connect to the Internet. The dual core provides a markedly smoother experience interacting with the device. Ice Cream Sandwich: seems more intuitive. The camera responds almost instantaneously.The bad:* Battery life is a joke. I installed the extended battery right off the bat. With the device set to dimmest brightness and regular usage, battery gauge goes south much quicker than what I'm used to on the DroidX.* The display: at the dimmest brightness is simply unappealing and grainy, killing any joy of the super AMOLED.* The speaker: weak. At the highest volume, it is not as clear as the DroidX's. It also reverberates whether I'm listening to people on the other end or music; I think the fact that the shell overall and the snap-on back cover are made of plastic contributes to this problem.* ICS is not as refined as its predecessor. One aspect that's already annoying: the dial pad; the digits are too big making holding and dialing with one hand cumbersome - inadvertently touching lower digits when aiming for the upper row of digits.* Snap-on back cover: the fact that the battery drains so fast means I'd have to have a backup battery ready for duty by mid-day, every day. I wonder how long before the daily snapping of the back wears it till it doesn't snap.* The micro USB port: at the bottom is an inconvenient location, especially if I am to use the device while it is plugged in for charging.The overall feel of the device is crude. Aside from 4G, it quickly proved to be not as functional as my DroidXI will return this and get a Razr.Edit 2011-12-22: I cannot navigate through any voice menu options in a call as the system on the other end of the call does not recognize what I pressed. This was never a problem with DroidX. As a phone, this device is crippled.

VZW also known as big red or Verizon Wireless should never be allowed to carry another Nexus phone again.  The phone I have is now 4 major Android updates behind.  The phone is buggy and only gets buggier with time.  Nexus is supposed to mean something, it is supposed to mean updates both minor and major as soon as they are available instead VZW just sits on them blaming everyone but themselves.  There is little to no hardware support for this phone their techs cannot or will not help on the phone.  VZW screwed the users who hoped for the PURE Google Experience, which never happened.

This phone is fast and capable, unrestricted... it's the best smartphone out there right now.  The iPhone takes better photos, but this is just a better smartphone all the way around.

Executives at Samsung and Google need a kick in their pants. There were hardly no accessories or cases for this phone at the Verizon dealership where I got this phone, and at the Verizon stores.  I've had this phone for 4 days now naked and unprotected. The executives at Samsung and Google should have sent Ninja assassins to Body Glove for the ugly case they made for this phone. I lost all respect for Body Glove.  Tough Case made an okay looking case but the buttons didn't work well with the case on.  TPU also made a ugly cheap color me purple condom. I rather just break my phone than put that crap on.  The only option left was Otterbox, but Otterbox didn't even have pictures of the case on their website until a day after the launch of the Nexus.Samsung and Google have done a lot of web ads on the phone before its release. But they must have done next to nothing to get the industry to get behind and support this device.  This phone beats the iPhone to death and then some, but without support for accessories..well....no wonder iPhone is top dog. Great phone but it has nothing to wear to a party.  Very poor presentation Samsung!!!! very poor. Take it from a Korean customer....if we were in Korea, I'd be cursing out the store manager all the way up to the board of directors.  Lucky for you that Americans don't eat kimchi and don't have hot tempers.Go check out my unboxing video and a rant video on youtube. Its under the "GlockNinja" channel.[...]

I stood in line to get my wife's Galaxy Nexus at the Verizon store.  As resident-in-house geek, I set it up for her, got her the case, needed accessories.After three weeks of playing with the phone, I decided to get another for myself from a third party vendor (used, but off contract).  Six months later, I still love the phone.I'd give it a full five stars, but have to give it one minus for the problems that the phone has.  Whether they are VZW's or Samsung issues, I cannot tell.  However, the flaws are there for all to see.1) Updates.  It's a Nexus.  Or Nexii.  Whatever it may be, it's a developer's phone.  The updates are supposed to roll out on time.  4.0.4 was delayed what, six months?  The GSM phone got it before we did, but I wasn't willing to give up my LTE speed for sake of an update.2) NFC support.  So...I got this awesome phone with Wallet capability in New York...yet I can't use it.  Wait, what?  Please fix this.  It's one of the reasons the battery is more costly than others, and it's a great capability of the phone.  Fix.3) Accessories.  I'm not one for a lot of accessories, but a nice stand at a reasonable price would be nice.  I'm fairly certain that the Samsung stand was already discontinued, and it was originally about $90.  Which makes no sense, unless you came from money.So those are the minuses.  Quick rundown of the pluses:1) Screen is big, colorful.2) Responsive touch...something that was missing to "most" android phones, in my opinion (as a previous owner of 5 x Droid Xs and one interesting but laggy Thunderbolt).3) Integration of 90% (or more) of everything I use day to day (calendar, email, social networking)4) My wife and I use the video chat on Google Talk.  I really dig it.  Works well.  A lot of people make a big todo about FaceTime...this phone does the same thing, but with a wider customer base.  Not bashing AAPL (as a former owner of a 3G iPhone and a current owner of an iPad), but it's all there.5) Nike+ just came to Android!  Used it for my run last evening!  I like it more than Google MyTracks, but they both work fantastic!Long story short, if you can get this phone cheap, you'll be surprised how much it does...and does well.  If you are concerned, or even upset that you may not be the first to get updates, I'd still recommend getting it (and working with the CM9 development team).  YMMV, but for my phone, this one is hard to beat.  Especially while streaming baseball games on the road from the MLB app!



It lasted 16 days and brick.  Don't get me wrong the phone is good, like screen and software usability.  I was on the android market viewing the default Verizon apps when my phone just hang for a few seconds then rebooted on it's own.  Didn't had to press the power button at all, and this is while the cable is plugin on the outlet, so the battery is not a factor.  Now it boots up only to the "Google" splash screen and stays there.  So basically I'm reporting a lemon so that is why I gave it only a 1 star rating.Battery life is expected as any smart phone.  Without actually using it, it can go as long as 30 hours.  With minimal use, 14 hours.  When I use this to call and use the data, expect 9 hours at a maximum or less if you watch video.  (If you factor in the signal strength - I get about 2 bars on the LTE 4G Verizon network at home, and full bars in the office).Unfortunately you can only cancel without termination fee from the Verizon if you do it within 14 days. Verizon will be sending me a replacement via overnight FedEx.  Just to be fair, Verizon has good customer service and isn't really at fault here.  Just stating facts about the policy that's all.

I am not going to make claims about this phone being the best Android phone or any-phone killer. There are far too many great phones available today IMO to make such claims. Today's LTE phones all offer great performance and distinct features that I believe can be customized to suit almost any user's needs. Brief backgroud on me - I came from the Droid Eris running CM7 (gingerbread 2.3.5) and have used many blackberry devices provided by my work over the years. I have also spend a good amount of time on friend's og DROID (1) and DROID X. There are some things about HTC Sense that I loved (dial pad) and some things about CM that I loved (customization). I have never really taken to motoblur.For me the Galaxy Nexus (GN) is wonderful. I appreciate the clean and updated ice cream sandwich (ICS) platform.  I have loaded maybe 45-50 apps, with 10-15 used daily. The phone is very snappy and apps load very quickly and run very smoothly. This includes several graphic intensive games. Internet speeds are fantastic, especially coming from a slow phone with 3G speeds. Whether one phone has a slight speed advantage is meaningless to me - after all these are LTE phones we are talking about and download speeds are as fast if not faster than my home network. More important are the user features and the interface of the ICS browser is great. I love the swip to delete notification - very handy - and the overall interface is very intuitive. Definitely a step-up from gingerbread. I know the RAZR and other phones will get ICS, but given the industry's slowness in upgrading software I did not want to wait. Other points about the GN - I love the camera, the screen is sharp and the colors really pop. I even feel that the contrast in day light is reasonable as well. As far as battery life, I have been getting about a day's use. I charge the phone at night and the battery has been getting to a 15-25% battery level by the end of the day (18 hours) without any need to charge mid-day. I would call my use light moderate (~2 hrs on phone, no more than 20 minutes/day on games, 10-20 minutes internet/searching, 20 minutes on google maps, 20-30 minutes on various emails/facebook/calendars, occasional pictures. This also includes downloading of apps, which I have been doing more lately because the phone is new.I have had limited experience with the Droid RAZR and Rezound (about 40 and 20 minutes on each, respectively, at Verizon store). I found the RAZR to be a great and snappy phone as well - but the camera just always seems to give blurry images. I also did not like the fact that you could not switch out the battery (again personal preference). For me, not having a microSD slot does not matter. I agree with the direction google is taking with the GN - all internal memory. I never liked having to manage internal/external memory - the simplicity of the new design is an improvement for me. The Rezound looks good on paper, but it is definitely bulkier than the RAZR of GN. It took great pictures, but I felt the Sense UI added a bit of choppiness to the interface. I have had issues with the Eris with the dialer (it takes sometimes 30-60 seconds to disconnect from one call and get on to another), and the Rezound felt a bit slower in dialing than the RAZR and GN.

Android 4.0's user interface uses blacks and grays. The settings screen should be dark gray which fades up into a deep black to blend in with the status bar. The prompts (like when you adjust the volume) should be almost black. Many devices display shades of blue or purple instead.I've seen literally 12-13 Galaxy Nexus's in the past few months. All of them had this problem at varying degrees.I had one which I purchased used about six months ago and it showed all accurate colors. I also saw one from a Verizon store manager who got his on launch day, and it also displayed accurate grays and blacks.The background of the boot animation should be black, not purple. The settings screens should all have gray and black backgrounds, not purple. The prompts should be nearly black.Samsung changed something in their manufacturing and it sucks... big time. This is the only vanilla Android 4.0 device available and it's ruined by Samsung's crappy Pentile AMOLED display technology.

The galaxy nexus is by far the best android device I have used to date. Ice cream sandwich 4.0 runs so smooth on this device which makes for easy multitasking and functionality.

I don't usually write product reviews but felt like I should bout this phone...I've had it for over a week and had no problems which is a relief after a nightmare of problems with two droid razrs....amazon wireless is awesome bout trying to fix any issues even overnighting this phone out to me for free....I've had no real signal issues and have just  received a software update which dramatically boosted the 4g signal and speed....all around a fast good phone without all the carrier bloatware......can't recommend the razr as it was always dropping signal getting stuck between 3g and 4g and wouldn't connect to WiFi.....if you want a fast phone with a beautiful big display get this one

Not impressed with this phone or ICS.  I have encountered all the "textbook" problems with this phone: bad signal strength, incompatible apps (a lot of them), and the multitouch doesn't work a fair amount of the time.Phone is going back.  I'm going with an HTC Titan.

The phone dropped LTE and voice signals randomly throughout the day - usually 20 times or more. In all three phones using only 3G worked fine.  Using LTE resulted in dropped data and voice.To their credit Amazon sent me a replacement unit.  However, the second unit and then third unit had the same problem.  At this point we went to Verizon tech support.Verizon tech support identified the issue as a Network/phone compatiblity issue that they are working with Samsung to fix.  They also said that issue was localized to the Los Angeles area.  So, based on that, I feel much better about the phone itself and have increased my rating to 4 stars.I'm very pleased with the support I recevied from Amazon. I'd buy a phone from them again and recommend them to friends. Verizon's tech support response has been satisfactory.  I'm a little dissapointed that Verizon had not worked out these network/phone integration issues prior to the phone's launch.

Just get the RAZR MAXX! The only good thing about this "phone" is ICS. Maybe someday there will be an  update to fix all of the signal issues, but that is a big maybe. Verizon or Google won't even admit that a problem exists with the date/phone service. At least when the iPhone 4 rolled out with all of those signal issues Apple owned up to it and promptly sent an update (assuming that it's fixable with a software patch and it's not just bad hardware).I am just glad to have switched out of the Galaxy Nexus after 3 days...into the RAZR MAXX. If and when ICS rolls out to the RAZR that will just be icing on the cake. The batter life and reception is far better on the RAZR than the Galaxy Nexus...enough said.

I received a Galaxy Nexus the day it was released. I first tried to get one a costco but was 2 months off of my 2 year upgrade so I had to go to Verizon to purchase it for an annual upgrade. The phone is everything I wanted and was claimed to be. Android seems to be moving in closer on its iPhone counterpart and I feel this phone is plenty.I chose this phone for many reasons other than being an android fanatic. All my friends all have iPhones. They all made fun of my poor Droid X for various reasons. The huge reason was I wanted a 4g phone, no manufactor UI, and various new features the phone has.Pros/Cons/Hardware/Software:I feel Ice Cream Sandwich has made huge strides for its updates and are shown beautifully across this device. Everything is simple from the unpacking and I dont need so many of the useless apps that I had previously on my Droid X. The cameras and its pictures it takes are gorgeous. Being able to take a screenshot on it is also a rather enjoyable factor, it even includes the software made buttons! it is quick to respond and the 4g network is quick here in the Bay Area. I havent had to many qualms with the battery life. I feel it lasts me throughout my 12 hour day, but sometimes I do try to keep it charge when I unknowingly decide to go out for hours on end, I think out of habit versus because it needed it. The display is clear but I feel that it could be brighter. The speakerphone could be better, it is to soft making it unpleasant to deal with when I need a loud one.I find the lack of SD card support isnt all that unpleasant. Its size seems to be an issue with everyone. I dont think so, I think with the right position in your hand. (me being 5'10 with normal sized hands) you can reach any portion of the screen and is not an issue. the stock predictive text and voice to text works very nicely and is not such a pain to correct.Overall I would reccomend this phone over the iphone and is simple and great. I enjoy this purchase muchly.

I originally had an HTC Incredible through Verizon, but once it started experiencing the nightly restart cycle, I knew it was time to get a new phone - from reading many posts about the problem, I figured neither Verizon nor HTC would be of any help.Out of the frying pan and into the fire I jumped. The Nexus could be a nice phone. It has a bigger screen, theoretically has faster speeds with Verizon's 4G network, and should be able to take advantage of having a better OS (given that no one seems interested in updating two-year-old phones).But ... there are problems all over the place. Some of them are minor, like the changes to the OS itself. Google seems to think that, just like with desktop apps, fewer explicit decisions are better. They'll just try to predict what you want to do and present you with only those controls, and you can guess where everything else is. Guess, because they won't say. Can't figure out how to connect to a wifi network? Touch the Wifi section of settings - not the right side, but the left side. Where do you find this out? Online, from all the other people who couldn't figure out this counterintuitive system.It gets worse. The ringer is significantly quieter than the Incredible's, even on the highest setting. I will miss calls if I am not right next to my phone. Of course I might miss the calls anyway, depending on whether or not I can get a signal when I am sitting on my sectional at home in a spot where I have never had signal problems ... nor should I, because my house is in the middle of a gigantic swath of supposed 4G coverage. However, signal problems persist. I've had a number of calls drop without warning when I am not moving at all. Never had this problem with the Incredible or with other carriers.Naturally, the battery drains like a flushed toilet, even though I have an extended battery and have wifi and GPS turned off (which makes it even more of a pain, now that I no longer have unlimited data.) And I don't mean oh look, the battery indicator shows that there's 20% left when there's actually 40% left. I mean oh look, my phone is dead again because I didn't charge it last night before I went to bed.Looking up these problems online, I find the same old story: Verizon says it's Samsung's problem, Samsung says it's Verizon's problem, and no one seems willing to reach out and say "Here, let me fix this for you." I am beginning to believe that the entire wireless market in the US is just one giant scam. That may not be the case, but I certainly can't find a reason to continue to work with Verizon after this experience, and I would not recommend this phone, at all, to any other Verizon customers.UPDATE: It's now October, and Verizon finally admitted there was a problem with some of these phones and pushed an update out for them. I no longer have signal problems when sitting in my house, my extended battery lasts more than half a day, and I haven't had a call drop since the update.The OS changes are still disappointing - "home" is now the entire five-section screen instead of only the middle section, so touching home when on one of the outer sections no longer returns you to the middle, for example - but that's to be expected from Google. The phone itself is now what I expected when I bought it, and I would recommend it to other Verizon customers.

Got this phone to replace an HTC Rezound, which I liked but accidentally damaged (my fault). Had this galaxy nexus for a week. Most of the calls dropped. Several incoming calls went straight to voicemail without a missed call indication. Radio signal strength terrible, worse than any other phone I have had in the same areas. One moment there would be 3 or 4 bars, then would go right down to an 'x', intermittently all day, allowing a random opportunity to make calls and then drop. Battery lasted only three hours without any activity. Went back to Verizon today and got a razr maxx and I am loving it already. I will NEVER buy a SAMSUNG phone again. If your  purpose is to have a cool device but primary use is phone, then I would not recommend the Samsung Nexus. If you want a palm size tablet primarily for wi-fi use, then this is good with an excellent screen. Hope this review saves others from the weeklong trouble I endured.

As a replacement for my Iphone 4S, I briefly had this phone for 2 weeks. There were hordes of problems and I had to switch to Lumia 900 (see my review for it).  While the Android is not a bad OS (but not superior in comparison to other OS either), the issue is with this phone's hardware capability.  This phone suffers from two deal killers: (1) data connectivity issue and (2) battery problem.Every time you do the internet, this phone "searches for" 3G, 4G and wifi constantly, for a few seconds.  It is maddening.  It is as if the 4G ends up being slower than 3G because it first has to search among 3G, 4G and wifi.  Often times I had to disable wifi; but then it searched between 3G and 4G.  Absolutely unusable.  I thought I had a lemon but almost all Samsung phones had the same issue! (My friends' phones had exactly the same issues.)  I made a big fuss about the issue and was finally able to get my money back, but the experience cost me so much headache and time. Samsung should really acknowledge the issue publicly and offer free fix (although I doubt if they are even aware or capable of solving this) if not a cash remedy.  Shame on them.Second problem was battery.  This phone consumes battery like no other phones -- it depletes one in about 5 hours with very light activities.  I had to buy 2 extra batteries and 1 extra recharge station (one in home, one at work) which is totally wasted money since I returned my phone.  Unacceptable.I switched to Lumia 900 and could not be happier.  It is super-fast, crisp, with absolutely no data-search or data-drop issues.  Battery difference is phenomenal.  If you are making a transition like me from Iphone to something else, I suggest that you go for Lumia 900 directly rather than learning through a rather expensive experience as I did.

I am upgrading from an EVO 4G which was both heavier and had a worse battery life (and smaller screen) but at the time was the best smartphone out there for a while. Like most on this forum, got the phone very quickly 3 or so days after the Verizon application was approved but I took the time to read all the negative reviews out there to see what the challenges with this phone would be. Here is some comments on the perceived negatives of this phone:Battery Life:I was so worried about these comments and knowing my EVO's problems I went ahead and ordered the extended battery (2100 mAH from Samsung sold by Verizon for half price at $25) including the back cover to begin with which is about 15% more juice than the battery that comes with the phone. The battery life is much better than my evo and lasts me about 12 or so hours of moderate use as I download and configure my apps, configure my bluetooth, set up wifi etc.(could last the whole day for most people). But then again I have chargers everywhere at work, in the car etc. for my Evo (which also fits this phone) in case it didn't last one day.I think people are confused when they compare this to a non smart phone or a 3g phone. Of course a Mercedes consumes more Fuel than a Honda Civic but that is worth it for someone who wants more from his car than getting from A to B.  Now I bought an iPhone for my mom thinking it is better for simple use but she is not happy either and tried switching but her 14 days had passed (on sprint to Galaxy S2). I tried customizing to improve her iphone but definitely found the iPhone majorly lacking.One person said their non smart phone lasted a whole week on a charge. Well, a bike doesn't even need gasoline. But it's not a car.One tip: Prime your batteries. There is contradictory comments on this but I routinely do it and have no regrets. By that I mean cycle the battery all the way to near zero for the first few charges and then completely full to improve long term battery life.Sound Quality:Sound is excellent so far. I went into the settings/sounds in the beginning and raised the sound (default is medium for both phone and media/speakerphone). You can also do this with the sound button on the side of the phone while in the particular application. People who don't know how to increase the sound of an electronic device should not really write reviews online. I mean if your TV was on mute and you don't know how to unmute it, that doesn't mean the speaker is defective.One thing about media playback: It is amazing because it utilizes the whole beautiful screen. I just wish they had a kickstand like the Evo to showcase this.Also, reception has been amazing. Maybe it is because I have switched from sprint but I have not had a single occasion in ANY of the usual dead spots or anywhere else so far where I got no signal or dropped a call.Browser speed:Amazing and much faster than my evo. And the 4G rocks. I have clocked this on speedtest at about 15Mbs consistently indoors in various locations in DC area.Contacts:Obviously all your contacts are synchronized instantaneously with your gmail so no lengthy conversion for you android users.Memory:There is no SD card which is bad. But 32GB of inherent memory means almost unlimited apps at this point without having to worry about moving apps to SD etc. AWESOME.Voice Commands:For those used to previous Android, this is not news as the voice commands have been present for a long time. But again, you can use voice commands for texting, emailing, setting alarms, navigations, google searches, etc. etc. This is somewhat improved from previous versions of android.Languague Support:One of the main issues with previous smartphone versions of Android for non latin language customers like Persian, Hebrew, Arabic, etc. was the incorrect font display. As a merged smartphone/tablet version, Android 4.0 on the Galaxy Nexus finally completely and correctly (right to left joined letters) supports Persian.Instructions:I don't use manuals and I don't go to these classes but for those interested: Google has been uploading instructional videos to their Galaxy Nexus channel on youtube to help new users who may not be computer geeks. Also, Verizon has some classes (at least in my area) for both Android and iPhone which are free.Will update my review as I gain more experience but so far an awesome phone and am glad I bought from Amazon.Update 1/5/2012: I have been going crazy with the speedtests and the speeds have been amazing. I have clocked between 12-21 MBS in DC suburbs including indoor. There is truth to the battery heating issue especially after running speedtests or HD videos on youtube. Screen is amazing. Showing off the speed and screen has made my iPhone friends jealous.

I hated Android. I've had the original Droid for 2 years in 3 iterations, and there were consistently weird bugs in the hardware - headphone jack barely worked, phone wouldn't charge when dead - and the software. Apps freezing, being unable to hang up phone calls, etc. For these reasons, I was very ambivalent about holding out for this phone over the iPhone 4S.Fortunately, this phone doesn't get in the way of my lifestyle. It doesn't freeze, hang, or do anything 'quirky'. The last phone I had with this trait was the Razr.- When I want to hear a song, I play it from Google Music, with access to my computer's entire library. It then takes less than a second to stream over 4G or Wifi.- Opening the camera - done from the lock screen - takes 2 seconds. There is no 'freeze' upon taking a picture.- Browsing is much faster. 4G helps, but the real star is the processor and memory improvement. This phone will eat up any web page or video you give it.- The voice recognition continues to be fantastic. You never have to type in directions again. I believe it to be more accurate and faster than Siri from what I've seen.- Battery life is great as well while its on standby. I've gotten over 27 hours once.- The 4G signal is extremely weak in my apartment: -105 dBm. Does this make it slow? Hell no.It also looks and feels great. It's very light for its size, and the back looks slick. The screen is fantastic. The curved nature of the device makes its orientation easily distinguishable in a pocket, enabling you to find the volume up / down buttons.I don't want to claim this phone is perfect, though. Its flaws are just comparatively minor.- There's a split second lag for some motions, like swiping between screens. (By the way, Swype is fantastic on this device as well, but the keyboard's text prediction is so advanced it's not really needed.) Compare this to the iPhone 4S - on the Nexus you can swipe, lift your finger, and the device's lag will cause it to react when you're not touching the screen. Fortunately, this isn't as bad an issue as it sounds - once you're using the phone, you won't care.- I've encountered a weird 'Cannot connect to camera' bug. I randomly get this and have to restart the phone before I can use my camera. My phone might be defective (I got it about 10 days ago). This is actually a really significant issue now that I think about it. Get on it, Samsung.- Many apps have evolved based on Android's old design interfaces. Visually, the clash will make you cringe. The new Android design style is much better than the old green monster, and some apps will remind you of this.Overall, this is the best smartphone I've owned, and a worthy extension of my brain to have. I would recommend it to anyone in the smartphone market. Go for this over the iPhone if you think you'd like a larger screen and / or you're covered by 4G.

So far I am enjoying this phone.  I upgraded from a Droid Eris so it is a vast improvement.  My Nexus is updated with Jelly Bean so it looks sleek.  It does get a little warm at times, but not a concern yet (had phone for 3 weeks now).  Battery could be a little better, but if you charge it overnight all should be good.  Audio wise - when playing music it could be louder, when watching videos audio is ok.

Let me just say that I wanted to wait a few weeks after getting this phone, so I could do a Real Life review. (Well, I accidentally waited 5 months!)Let me just say that this phone is Awesome, the ONLY drawback is the battery life, in my opinion. This phone has tons of apps (like All Android phones), and the screen is big and Beautiful! Having the On-screen buttons worried me at first, but everything is runs fine. I also almost did not buy this phone, because of no Expandable memory available. I am glad I bypassed that issue, my Nexus came with 32GB of internal storage, and 1GB of Ram! I take plenty of photos, and videos, and still have tons of room for storage. (I still have not began to put music on my phone yet - but 32GB will be able to hold plenty of songs!) Also, just to let you know that whatever was pre-loaded on my phone, there was approximately 28-29GB free storage.This phone works very fast for me, and everything is very fluid, 95% of the time! I love that it has ICS, and will be getting an upgrade to JB, shortly - (Cannot wait for JB) The absolute best part of this phone was that there is not a ton of VZW, or carrier pre-loaded bloat ware on it! My Nexus came with 3 apps from VZW pre-loaded, and that was it!A lot of people say that the speake on this phone is not very good, but I just use an app called "volume+ free", to solve those problems.The camera is listed as a 5mp camera, but in my opinion it is not too bad. As long as you are not using it in low light, or whatever your trying to photograph is moving a lot, then you should be fine. When I am snapping photos of and whatever I am focused on is moving, I just snap a bunch of photos at once, and then go back and erase the blurry ones. (this camera has no lag with the shutter button!) Also, since I'm on the subject of the camera, this phone does have a video camera which can record up to 720P, and it is very good. Also, my Nexus came pre-loaded with an app called movie studio, which is kind of cool, little video editor!Now, for the one Con, this phone has. It's battery does not ever get me through a full day, but that may just be because of the 4G, I'm ALWAYS running it on, haha! So, I just carry my charger with me, and I keep a charger in my car. At this point I cannot afford an extended battery, but I may get one in the near future. I will admit, I am on my phone A lot also, so for people that  may not be on their phone as much throughout the day, they may not need to carry a charger at all times.Thanks, I hope this review was helpful!

I've had this phone almost a week now.  I really like the build quality and feel.  The screen is very nice.  It is not without its issues though.  With the stock ROM (ICS 4.0.2) installed, there would be times I could not even place a phone call or send/receive data over 4G.  My wife has a Motorola RAZR that has no issues at all with either calls or 4G from the same locations.I unlocked & rooted the phone and am now running CM9 (Cyanogen Mod 9) which is Ice Cream Sandwich (4.0.4) and this has improved things considerably.  The 4G is still an issue, but only on occasion.  Connecting for phone calls is no longer an issue either.The battery life is OK, but that is with 4G turned off.  With 3G only, I get a decent battery that will last me the day.  With 4G turned on, oh baby... I MAY get 4.5 hours.  There really is a 4G issue that needs to be fixed, but otherwise, there is tremendous hope for this phone on something higher than 4.0.2.  This phone reminds me of my first Sprint EVO 4G.  The battery was terrible for a couple months and then things improved, but the only real improvement was to get an extended battery.  I may go that route on this phone too.As far as performance goes, there is nothing this phone cannot do and do it smoothly.  Very nice there.Again, on stock ROM, this phone might have gone back to Amazon, but with CM9 (and there are several others out there too), this is a nice phone.  I have read of others who have not had any issues with this phone, but I have also read of many with the same issues I am having.Bottom line:  I really like it (rooted that is).  I will love it when the 4G is fixed!

I got this phone and compared it to iphone4s and others. I am amazed in all aspects except the battery life. again, what do you expect your phone to do when you use it like a laptop or a gaming console?Regardless, I dont mind charging my phone each day, and when at work if I need to use it and it loses charge, I can always plug it in.  Best part is that we can put/lug around extra battery, which other phones lack.On to camera, first I was not impressed with it at all. then I started playing with it. Its good enough camera to take decent shots in bright to medium light, for facebook and electronic viewing. remember, its not a point & shoot or a camera, its a phone and it does its job.On someone who said it has a plastic/flimsy feel to it, I agree but I ask the question whether you would leave the phone naked without any covers? Probably not! So why worry about it, if it was sturdy and bulky, it would takeaway the option of covers.Hands down, this phone beats iphone4s,talk about google navigation built in via google earth, bye bye garmin!I like this phone and plan on keeping it. for what I use the phone it will be good enough for me for two years for now.

Some say this isn't the latest technology. Some say it's not the latest and greatest. I've had various smartphones and iPhones and to me, it's not about the "latest and greatest". It's about how it performs and the upgradeability to Android's latest offering. This phone performs exceptionally well, has Android's latest version of OS (4.0.4 or Ice Cream Sandwich), and WILL be getting the newest Android version, 4.1, aka Jelly Bean, sometime in July 2012.If your looking for a solid phone that can perform well and will have it's OS updated, look no further - it's a winner!

I have to say,I really like this phone,I am no expert,I like the screen size like how quick i can access internet,messages,text etc,no complaints here performs as promised..........now the suprise for some (I am an average user,dont play games on this dont feel the need to load it up with apps,turned the wifi off)and I average a couple of days before it needs charging,I note this as there have been alot of complaints about battery life,I have the standard battery in place and was alittle cautious about this phone,(bought my wife a Razr Maxx due to extended battery life) running flat quickly,BUT read a great review and video review from another user and followed his advice to conserve energy and it works.The screen is great,its large and crystal clear,takes really good pictures front and back,obviously the rear is better,but front works well for skype.Keyboard is responsive and accurate texting is quick,my wife downloaded an app (and I have downloaded 3 total) for ringtones and that works without issue.I bought a case from a vendor on Amazon,didnt want to pay Verizon $25+ for the protector shell and holster from them when I could buy it on Amazon for $7.50,I also bought a very inexpensive protector case aswell with a 'guy'type blue skulls design and much to my suprise that case fits in the same holster as the protector shell does too,albeit snug but it works.Dont have any technical info to add I just like the phone and it serves my purposes,however,I did pay attention to ALL reviews and did add a LONG warranty just in case!

I'm so glad I picked up this guy.  Another quality Nexus phone.I've had it for 3 months now and love it!  Just wish there were more cases available.

Having suffered through my HTC Incredible for the past 2 years (not because of the form factor or HTC Sense, which I loved, but because of unbearable software errors "Disk Space Running Low" and slow system speed), I bit the bullet and bought the GN full of hope after the stellar reviews. Unfortunately the phone fell short of my lofty expectations.The Good:-Blazing fast-Slick interface-Fast boot timesThe Bad:-Size seems just a bit too large to use with one hand.-Phone keeps slipping out of my hand during one-handed usage.-Horrid battery life, even with the extended battery. You'll want to keep this tethered to a charger most of the times. Forget about 4G as well. That will burn through your battery in no time.-No external microSD card.-Migrating from the HTC Incredible to the GN was painful.The Ugly:-Bluetooth seems not to work at all. Can't get it to find any device. Because of this, I may need to take it in. Not relishing the thought of having to potentially migrate back to the HTC, then to a new device.

received it today.. everything works great.. however the dial pad touch tones, touch sounds and screen lock sound are faulty.. i guess due to software issues.. you can barely hear anything when you strike a key on the pop up key board and when you are in a app hitting the back button you will faintly hear a click sound.. when you hit that power button to shut off the screen you will also hear a low pitch click.. this is in a volume level that you would actually have to put the speaker next to your ear to hear..even verizon tech who spoke to me on the phone today just notice his nexus prime is the same way and became extremely annoyed and replied he didn't notice it until i told him to try it out... later on i did some research on the phone apparently every single unit out there is this way (system sound very very low even when the volume is maxed out).  it really bothers me that samsung can not even get the system sound right. i thought the phone speaker was defective however i am wrong this is an software issue and every single nexus owner has to deal with..(youtube, music has normal volume)  it may be a deal breaker for me if i dont get the update within this week.. going to have to return it and get something that has proper sound level and tones in which i can hear when there is activities/actions carried out.

This phone is a great improvement upon the Motorola Droid I had previously.The WiFi and 4G are super fast. All the apps load quickly and the screen is excellent quality.  The new Android OS is fantastic!  They've taken everything the iPhone has that we Android users could want and kept all the benefits of the previous Android OS.  The running app manager, folders, 2 cameras, and ability to take screenshots are all great upgrades.  Again, the speed of this phone is my favorite part.  It's quite thin and has a large screen, but doesn't feel to big when I'm talking on it.  Call quality is great.DOWNSIDES: The battery life is AWFUL! I definitely have to charge my phone every night and if I'm using a lot of apps, I find myself needing to charge it in the middle of the day!  If the battery life were better, I would give this phone 5 stars.  I also had a problem with the camera app freezing a few times, so I had to reboot the phone to get it to work again.  I think this is something they'll get a software fix for eventually.I would definitely recommend this phone--especially because of the new Android Ice Cream Sandwich. It's great!

I've read about how the Droid Razr has better this and better that, but there is no phone, short of the Galaxy Note (not available in the US), with a better screen than this one.  Go download some 4MP+ abstract images and view them on this phone and you will be floored.  The camera is outstanding.  The camera software built-in needs an upgrade.  The camera itself has far more capabilities than the software allow... a simple update will remedy this, or there are alternative camera apps available on the market now.  Sound too quiet?  I agree, so I got Volume+ from the market and now that argument is moot.  The feel of this phone in your hand is unmatched.  It's so slim (and I am sporting the extended battery) and sleek, with a nice texture on the back.One thing to keep in mind is that this is a Nexus phone, so it's not expected to be perfect in every way on day one.  The whole point of Nexus is to be a proving ground for new major versions of Android.  Part of that process is identifying and ironing out bugs, shortfalls, and the like.  As far as the hardware goes, I have had some issues with signal strength, but I do not believe those issues are entirely hardware related... if at all.  People would be surprised how important the software is that drives the radios in phones.  I have had Samsung phones in the past and have not had problems with signal strength, and I am confident those issues will fade away with a few key OS updates from Google.  Why would Samsung suddenly drop the ball on the built-in radios on this phone?Droid Razr, HTC Rezound, both great phones, but both hindered terribly by their manufacturer's OS overlays and locked nature.  Not to mention Verizon... those phones are loaded with 'crapware', apps that Verizon forces that cannot be removed without rooting, if you can even root them, which is unlikely.  Why do you think Verizon hasn't advertised the Galaxy Nexus more?  Because they don't have as much control over it, they were only able to force Google into allowing two of their proprietary apps, one of which is actually useful.  In addition, there is no Carrier IQ built into the Nexus, which allows Verizon to secretly track all detail surrounding the phone's usage.  Not that they're fully abusing that capability... anymore at least... but you can't remove it.Sure, those sweet phones will get Ice Cream Sandwich eventually, but this OS is so awesome and advanced that eventually is like telling an early adopter the prize gadget they've anticipated for momnths just sold out and will be back in stock in a few months.I write few reviews, but after reading some on this phone I felt I needed to speak my mind.  I love this phone, and feel it was worth the almost three month wait since I became aware of its coming.  Android 4.0 is simply amazing.  If ever there was an 'iPhone killer', this is without question it.

I ordered two of these phones expecting Google's flagship 4G Ice Cream Sandwich Phone on the 4G LTE network.  BOTH phones suffer from a know defect in large manufacturing batches of these phones in which the LTE radio which causes frequent, nearly constant radio shutdown when the LTE radio is turned on.  The signal will cut out completely for about a minute, and as soon as it reconnects, it will stay connected for less than a few minutes then loose the signal again.  With the LTE radio turned off, and only the CDMA (3G) radio on, the phone is rock solid stable and battery life is great.I have an app call "No Signal Alert" which keeps a log of signal loss issues.  Sitting on my desk where i have 3-4 bars of 4G signal it will go from completely connected to the grey tringle indicating TOTAL signal loss about 12-15 times PER HOUR.  yes PER HOUR!Here is a link to the relevant bug report at Google.[...]It's classified as a defect.  Apparently there are large numbers of these phones with the LTE radio problems.  Many also experience purple/yellow screen discolorations and random microphone muting.We are returning these two phones and will hope to get 2 fully working phones in replacement.

This phone is amazing, I've had my fair share of phone. I went from the Palm pre plus to the droid eris, to the droid incredible, to the htc rezound, to this. Let's just get into it.Design: Very thin and sleek, very nice. The only complaint I have is the phone is very slippery. This does not remain an issue for me as I got a case right away, but, if you like your phone naked it's buttery, just like it's OS!OS: I've always liked the look of AOSP android, but many didn't. It kind of felt like linux, unless you put some stuff on top of it, it was just kind of, meh. ICS really polished that up. This now feels like a phone with a skin on it, with many features.Performance (OS performance) Wonderful. 1.2ghz of dual core and 1 gig of ram is a good combination. I struggle trying to find any lag, and everything is very buttery and nice. Scrolling and pinch to zoom is buttery as ever. OS performance is like the design (buttery) except in a good way!Speaker and earpiece: Speaker is not as loud as many would prefer, but a simple app from the market fixes that. The speaker sounds nice! Earpiece: It's hard for an earpiece to be not good, it's plenty loud and sounds crisp and clear, not much else to say.Screen: Amazing, 4.65 inches of Samoled HD goodness, best screen on the market, and very nice. Colors are crisp, clear and bright. Pentile is unnoticable, not near unnoticable, unnoticable.Signal and data: Many complain about pour 3G signal performance, my area (at least my house) has horrible signal and I got normal signal compared with my other phones. Data-4G LTE, I get 40 down and 13 up on average, 'nuff said.Battery: Not the best, but the best of any LTE phone. However, I'm a major modder so I have a ton of custom kernels and rom's, I get a good 14 or 15 hours of heavy usage. If you guys want some advice on stuff to do find the Galaxy nexus forum at rootzwiki.com, I am many other people are very willing to help, and will help.Camera: Front facing camera is as good as any other, it serves it's purpose for skype calls, I've done it. Rear camera is not too good, but it's decent, and good enough for a phone. (I'm a photographer and have spent 8,000 dollars on lenses and have 3 DSLR's for the record ;) ) The zero shutter lag for me almost makes up for it, it's a very nice feature.Vs. Rezound. This is opinion here, but I personally switched to the Nexus after 3 rezounds. Many Rezounds have issues, more than 50 percent I would say. I went through 3, and later found out all the others that store had had issues. My local store has sold 18 rezounds, and returned 48, because of returns due to issues. I'm happy I made the switch, besides camera, I'd say everything is better. Screen, performance, everything all around. HTC sends out phones like they put on the market a phone their kid drew at school. The nexus has quality, and much work went into it, to make it nothing but perfect.

Nice screen (if you can stand the faint stripes).  However, reception has to be the worst I have had in any phone.  Found similar sentiments in many online forums.  Avoid like the plague!

8/3/2012I am leaving my original review in tact. I recently purchase another galaxy nexus and my opinion has changed dramatically. While the battery leaves much to be desired it is remedied by spending additional money for the extended battery, while not a great solution, it is a solution nonetheless. I am much more happy with the phone this time around. Maybe the last one was a dud. This phone screen looks great. I felt it was dim at first but that is because I am use to the phone set at full brightness (which I also discovered is bad for your eyes). The price on the phone is worth the money. This is the kind of phone that this geek can use while waiting for next year's model to arrive. if you continue reading my review below you will see that I made a 180 degree turn.Jelly bean has yet to be released on this phone but I am greatly looking forward to it, it's excellent on my Nexus 7 tablet.Previous Review:I had this for less than 12 hours and wanted to hurry and give my quick review before others make the mistake I did.  I have had Android Phones since the first Droid first came out from Motorola. I purchased the Bionic the day it came out last year but decided I would "upgrade" to the Galaxy Nexus before the new pricing plans take effect on VZW. I owned the Galaxy Nexus for less than 12 hours; here's my impression of the device and my recommendation on the Bionic.So, one 30 something geek to another, get the bionic. It is still the best we got from Verizon. Though supposedly the screen is amazing on the Nexus, I found it to be half the quality than the Bionic. The only thing I liked was having ICS. But it was not worth the terrible screen (very dim), the bad reception, nor having a burnt ear. Seriously, I used the phone for a call and within 10 minutes my ear was getting very uncomfortable.  In less than 20 minutes, I dropped the call twice and the other person kept saying I was cutting out.The Bionic is better than what reviewers say.The Nexus is overhyped and not worth it.The only reason to upgrade is if your getting hardware & software that will improve your experience. Of all the phones out now, the Bionic is the best value for your money.

I originally wanted to get he new Samsung Galaxy SIII phone but when the Nexus was available for 1 penny, I opted for the Nexus.  I was very excited about this model as it seemed to have pretty good reviews.  But, for the first couple weeks it was awful to deal with, mainly due the bad battery life it seemed to have.  Well, long story short, I was able to figure out specifically what the primary problems where draining the battery.  1.  4G/LTE system seems to heavily consume the battery.  2.  the brightness on high super drains the phone.  I did purchase the larger extended battery as a back up too.  As long as 4g/CDMA under network mode is switch to CDMA only AND the brightness mode is down to about a 1/4 then the phone works perfect.  I noticed especially the brightness super drained the battery one time I needed the phone in full brightness mode.  OUCH!  SO, I love the phone and wish I could have read something telling me this before I bought it.  For basically free, it has turned out great!!!!  4G/LTE is still not that great right now and 3G actually has MUCH better signal and is consistent.  4g is not.

Update 10/9/12Amazing. With the official Jelly bean from Google and Verizon, the signal issues seem to be have been resolved. The gps sometimes is SLIGHTLY slow to find me, but other than that, the only gripe i still have is the horrendous battery life, but I have multiple batteries to combat that. With my OtterBox Commuter on it, it's the best wireless experience i've had.Original review___________________________________________________________________I absolutely loved this phone... kinda. the size is perfect, the screen is ridiculous, the software (Ice Cream Sandwich) is amazing and the best thing to happen to android since it came out. I used Nova Launcher on top of it, to add some functionality but keep the stock ICS look (mainly I wanted the long press menu to pop up different options, the rest I kept the same as ICS). The battery is terrible, so I ordered an extra battery and battery charging dock.The accessories are pretty blah, too. Dont even waste your time on the Car Dock samsung created. Terrible practicality, no extra funcionality, just buy a cheap universal car dock. I also miss my HDMI out without needing an adapter.This phone doesnt sell a lot because verizon 1) doesnt advertise it and 2) train their employees on anything ICS, so the sellers are scared to sell it and people are scared to use it because it's "new". It's very intuitive, clean, and polished.So why did i give this phone a 3/5? One answer: reception issues. Now, i'm not snobby when it comes to signal. I dont always expect amazing signal, but the fact is, the 3G-4G hand off is TERRIBLE with this device. The signal retention and recovery is terrible. I took road trips and my wife's RAZR had at least 2-3 LTE bars, and my phone was struggling to hang on to a signal in 3G. In some stores, i would have no reception, and she would be making calls. On my road trip from Minneapolis to Green Bay, I lost all data (still had voice capabilities) for 1.5 hours. No reason that should happen on Verizon on a major highway.Before you go judging, i'm fairly tech savvy. I rooted, ROM'd, tried different ROMS, including the unofficial "official 4.04" to see if it helps, and also, I tried 2 Nexus's out, this was my second one. Much better than the first one I got, but still, just couldnt do it.In the city, it wasnt bad. Around my city, the signal was strong, but very intermittent, as in, it would drop sometimes, esp when changing from 3G to LTE, which shouldnt really happen in the first place in the cities.So basically, if you are fairly stationary, and dont rely on a strong signal, this phone is amazing. But Samsung and Verizon need to figure out why the radios in this thing suck. There's tons of threads about, some people have better experiences than others, but i gave it two shots, and hesitantly switched back to my RAZR MAXX cause the signal is way better, battery is awesome, but terrible screen compared to the Nexus.Get it if you want the latest and greatest on Verizon, but I suggest either waiting for the next gen devices to get announced in q2 or q3, or get a Rezound or a RAZR if you want good signal.

I changed my initial new Motorola Droid Razz MXX for this horrible smart phone just for a small connectivity issues with my corporate email. I got this phone only for ONE DAY! IT GOT SO HOT WITHIN 2-3 HOURS AND BATTERY LIFE 2-4 HRS. I SENT IT BACK SAME SAME EVENING AND I DECIDED TO KEEP THE MOTOROLA DROID RAZZ MAXX! IT IS THE BEST PHONE I HAVE SEEN!This Samsung is just nice looking screen and bla bla bla....................

Although this phone is large, it fits well in my hands. People with smaller hands might not like it so much, but I love the size. The screen is big and beautiful, and movies look superb. The camera is good; the everything else (and there is a lot of that) just works, and works well. Only one nit to pick: Verizon should STOP BLOCKING GOOGLE WALLET.

Ever since the Samsung Galaxy Nexus was announced by Google I was intrigued by it.  Reading about it just made me want to get it but unfortunately Verizon Wireless took their time releasing it while the rest of the world got theirs.  Well, after being patient I was able to get it from Amazon Wireless.  First off, if I could rate Amazon Wireless I would also give them a 5/5 for excellent service and customer support.  Thank you Amazon for a wonderful experience and by setting everything right. :)I won't go into detail since there are many other reviews that pretty much did a good job in pointing the pros and cons of the wonderful phone, but I'll give a summary in a normal user's point of view.Coming from a Droid Razr the first thing I am very happy about was the battery life.  Both devices are 4G LTE devices but the Droid Razr sucked up so much juice that I was frustrated!  I've had many types of Smartphones in the past and the Razr takes the cake in terms of poor battery life.  Although the Razr had a nice thin body I prefer the beefier feel of the Galaxy Nexus.  The Galaxy Nexus felt more secure in my hands than the Droid Razr.I never tried the Nexus S but I did have the original Nexus One so I had some sort of standard to compare to.  The Nexus One which was made by HTC was better built and compared to the Samsung version.  Nonetheless it still exudes a Nexus type phone.  Screen is clear and crisp and I think is one of he best screens out there.  I tried watching  720 video on it and was blown away with the quality and sharpness.  Amazing!  And finally, Ice Cream Sandwich is everything I hoped it would be.  It's so different from it's past versions but still similar in some things.  There are small things that I have to get used to like accessing the properties page and what not.  It's now on the upper right of the screen.  No biggie like anything else it's just a matter of getting used to for the better.Oh yeah in terms of storage and the fact that it doesn't have a Micro SD slot, it doesn't bother me because I never really used all that space.  I have another device for music because I like to conserve as much battery life I can throughout the day because I work and commute in New York City.  Some people might be put off with what Samsung did which I can understand but to me I don't use it so I can't deduct points on that.Overall, I am very happy with the phone and look forward to seeing what else I can do with it. A++

When companies advertise their phones with the "latest and greatest android OS" you have to take that with a grain of salt. HTC, Sony, Samsung all use skins on top of the existing Android OS platform to "personalize" the phone for said-company. Often times the additional layer of software features will slow down your phone or cause it to hiccup. So keep that in mind when looking at phone specs.The Nexus series are google-branded phones which are vanilla. Meaning that there is no layering of additional software on top of the Android OS. What does this mean?-Pure, unrivaled speed of your device. You can push it to its full performance. The Samsung Galaxy Nexus on Verizon is the very definition of a well-balanced price point phone with specs that are above average even by today's standards.The phone's battery life is solid. The standard OEM lasts about 8 hours of HEAVY usage. The extended life battery will last about 10 hours of HEAVY usage. If you are like most people, you have a car charger for your phone. So you never really have to worry about running it completely dry. The ICS (android 4.0.0 OS) is extremely user friendly. It's easy to personalize your home screens, make phone calls, send text messages and surf the web. Verizon's 4G LTE network is, without a doubt, the BEST 4g network in the U.S. At times I get over 21mbs download and 18mbs+ on upload. It's insane.Even with the new 2012 phones coming out the Galaxy Nexus 4G is a solid investment. It has a huge screen, 32GB of memory, vanilla operating system and the google branding. Get this phone. You'll be happy that you did.

Overall I'm happy with the GN but not with Verizon's update policy. Verizon takes forever to push out software updates, months longer than the other carriers. However this is a Nexus device which means that you aren't dependent on Verizon or Samsung for OS updates if you are willing to root the phone. Jelly Bean ROMs for the Verizon GN became available within hours of Google's code release. I've been running my GN with a Jelly Bean 4.1.1 ROM. I liked the phone with ICS, I love it with Jelly Bean.PROS:Screen: The super amoled screen doesn't disappoint, it's bright, clear, easy to read, absolutely beautiful. The screen alone justifies buying this phone.LTE: The LTE performance is also excellent, I've measured as much as 30MBits down, 22 up on speed tests although the low teens is more typical, it's as fast as a phone needs to be.ICS: Ice Cream Sandwich is a nice clean interface with snappy performance although it has a number of flaws which I'll detail later. I was hoping that updates would come frequently because it's direct from Google and not burdened with a useless layer from Samsung. However Verizon has fallen down on the job it took them 7 months to release a point release update to ICS, a couple of months after the other carriers, I gave up waiting for them and unlocked my phone and installed it from a leaked release that was on the web.JB: Jelly Bean is a big improvement over ICS. You have to root the phone to install JB because Verizon hasn't pushed it out yet, the other carriers released it in July, as of the middle of August there is no sign of it from Verizon. Jelly Bean improves voice recognition massively and adds Google Now which is a terrific assistant. Sound quality is better and the phone is completely stable even though I'm running a rooted ROM not an official release. ICS would crash occasionally, that's never happened with Jelly Bean.NEGATIVES:Button placement: The worst thing on the phone is the placement of the volume and power buttons on the side, what was Samsung thinking when they did this?. The buttons are hypersensitive and so badly positioned that you are constantly pressing them. The worst offenders are the volume keys which are placed in the middle of the left side exactly where your thumb goes, so you have to be very careful not to turn the volume down when you are holding the phone. When holding it in your hand you can adapt, however the place where it's a really serous problem is when using a windshield mount. I bought a Braketron universal GPS mount which I highly recommend, it's solidly made, holds the phone securely and positions it in a very convenient manner. I looked at the Verizon windshield mount but it's unusable if you have a protective skin on the phone, and you absolutely need a skin for this phone. The terrible button placement makes putting the phone in the mount a task akin to defusing a bomb, it's very very hard to put the phone in the holder without the volume going down to 0. The power key is closer to the top so it's not as bad, however I had the phone shutdown on me once before I figured out that the power button got pressed by the mount. There is a workaround for this, an APP called Persist which locks out the volume buttons. There are two other apps that claim to lock the volume buttons, Volume Locker and Volume Control+, but neither of those work, Persist does.Speakers: The built in speaker is absolutely awful. The volume is low and it's extremely distorted with ICS, it's much better with Jelly Bean but the volume is still low. The sound with headphones is magnificent, and phone calls through my car's built in bluetooth are also great, but the sound directly from the built in speaker is the worst that I've ever heard from a device in this class. Unfortunately my built in bluetooth in the car isn't A2DP capable so it only works with phone calls, not with navigation. I've just bought a tiny bluetooth speaker which totally fixes the sound problem with this phone,DBEST London PS4001BT Solo Bluetooth Rechargeable Mini-Speaker.Battery Life: The battery life is very poor, with the standard battery it drains at a rate of 8%/hour. However there is good news, there are several 3800ma batteries available for the GN. I just bought the Trexcell battery, it was only $20 and it seems to last for 30hours with light use which is more than twice as long as the standard battery. The downside of the big batteries is that they double the thickness of the phone, but it's a worthwhile tradeoff.Trexcell Samsung Galaxy Nexus 3800mah NFC Compliant Extended Battery + Cover (Compatible ONLY with VERIZON Samsung Galaxy Nexus i515)Battery Cover: The back cover is paper thin and it takes some doing to snap it back in place. Once again I ask the question, what was Samsung thinking? I bought a Cruzer Lite skin for the device which fits very snuggly over the phone, it adds significant protection and most importantly it seals the back of the phone, the battery cover itself seems like it will eventually fail to provide a reliable seal.MIXED BAG:Voice Recognition: In ICS Google must be using different voice recognition software for Search, Navigation and Voice Dialing. The quality of the voice recognition for Google Search and for Navigation is astounding, it's nearly perfect. On the other hand the quality of the voice recognition for voice dialing/contact lookup is hilariously bad. It's so bad that this phone can provide you with hours of fun at parties. Not only is the recognition rate 0%, the translations are usually rude or obscene. Here are some examples, I'm not making these up, my girlfriend's name was variously translated as "Cash the Bitch" and "Crap in a Ditch", my business partner was translated as the less rude "Orange Soda", the piece de la resistance however is my girlfriends mother's name which it translated as "My Sweet Ass". Jelly Bean fixes this, it's not perfect but at least it works most of the time.Transferring to and from the phone: ICS doesn't present the phone as a storage device when you plug it in to your computer via USB however there are solutions that work over WIFI so this isn't a serious problem. I installed a couple of apps on the device, ES File Explorer which not only gives you a really nice interface to your local file system but also support SAMBA. I exported a directory on my computer as a SAMBA share and I'm able to copy files back and forth between the systems with ES File Explorer. The other APP I installed is SSHDroid which provides Secure Shell server on the phone. SSHDroid supports both SFTP and sshing directly into the phone. With SFTP you can upload and download files directly to the phone. Neither app requires rooting and both are free from the Marketplace. I'm also using Dropbox which is a really simple way of sharing a directory across multiple desktop and mobile devices.

Got 2 - one for my wife and one for me.  Love it.  Big, beautiful screen.  Fun camera.  Just terrific.  Ok, plenty of reviews are way detailed so the next sentence is for those thinking about switching from iPhone.  ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT THINGS: After years of owning iPhones, I will NEVER have to look at that terrible piece of software called iTunes again.  Just copy + paste and there you go.  Also, multiple apps can run and interact together.  You will get Gtalk notifications while you're not in the app.Loving this phone - I highly recommend you buy one.

DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!I am new to the world of smart phones but I just got this one 2 weeks ago. Verizon charged me $350.00 for what I think is garbage. As previous reviews have stated, this thing gets HOT and has a short battery life. I have had nothing but trouble with the battery and charging system, so I took it back for an exchange. The first phone would stop charging intermittently and then it would not take a charge at all so I took it back and had to FIGHT with the Verizon rep to get it exchanged. I have had my new replacement phone charging for the last 10 hours - with the phone turned off, and it has only a 50% charge. As soon as I turned the phone on the charge dropped from 50% to 33% within 20 minutes even though the charger was still plugged in. I can not operate with an unreliable piece of JUNK like this - it is going back to the store and I am demanding my money back. HOW FRUSTRATING!Update: I took phone number two back to the Verizon store and was quickly given a new phone, no questions asked, much better customer service than last night. We will see how phone number three works out... I suspect that the phones I have had so far have a newer and defective component than the previous reviewers' phones, it's the only explanation I can come up with. Hopefully Samsung and Verizon can work this out and provide an upgrade that is functional and reliable.Update #2: Phone number 3 is holding up well. It charges quickly and holds a charge much better than #1 and #2 did. I still think that $350.00 is way out of line for this device plus Verizon bills me but good every month, their accountants must be from the firm of Dewey, Cheatem and Howe! Life was so much simpler before cell phones!

I've had this phone for about a year now, and after numerous software tweaks, it's turned out to be a great device. Because it's regulated by Verizon, keeping the phone stock is generally a bad idea (they're extremely slow to push updates). However, thanks to it being a Nexus device (though somewhat gimped by Verizon), it's extremely easy to unlock/root which opens the device to flashing numerous custom ROMs (modified operating systems, many of which are as up-to-date as possible and offer a variety of new/different features). In other words, this is not a phone for the average consumer. It's not "top of the line," nor is it really flashy. It's a phone designed for someone who prefers customisation and control of what goes onto the device.

I drive a tractor & trailer for a living. My run is typically between centeral Virginia and Atlanta, GA. I use the Interstate 85 corridor. The phone would average dropping 10-12 calls on a one way trip. I hav Verizion to replace it 2 times, and the 3rd time i asked for and received a Motorola Razr. I loved the features related to phone, but signal is very important to me. FYI. Razr dropped 1call for same trip.  Great phone if you are in a city or well covered urban area.

This is the dream phone for any android fans! If you look for the latest pure Google experience, look no further than Galaxy Nexus. It's got no bloats (save for two useful VZW apps) and ugly UI skins like other android phones. Just beware that battery life won't be so good until it goes through couple of full recharge cycles. After that it seems to last about 10 hours average for moderate usage in 4G. Also if you are not in good 4G agrea, it's better to keep it in 3G/CDMA mode with WiFi on. This setting easily makes Nexus last full day. Regarding the signal issues that you hear on the net, just be aware that Nexus is reporting LTE signal strength in 4G mode unlike other 4G phones reporting 3G/CDMA strength. So don't worry too much about low signal bar as long as it doesn't drop signal entirely. Another tip is checking on the "data roaming" will make 3G/4G hand-off more stable, but just be sure to uncheck it before getting outside US border. Overall I'm very happy with Nexus. It will only get better with timely updates from Google.

Quick OverviewThe Samsung Galaxy Nexus is an amazing phone to be sure. The screen is absolutely gorgeous, even if it is not as large as the Note's screen. In terms of power, it's no slouch either. The 1.2GHz processor can really fly. On the outside it looks nice and feels nice. The camera, while not amazing, is more than passable, shooting pictures almost instantly. The speaker is a typical phone speaker, but does fine if the area is quiet. For a more in depth review on each part, read on.Overall, I give this phone a 5 star review.External (5/5)The outside of this phone is very well made. The display curves ever so slightly at the bottom to accommodate the bulge for the speaker and input/output at the base. While it is plastic, it is no slouch. Samsung's texturing on the back works and gives me a real sense of security when holding the phone. Now, my previous phone was an old LG slider that I now use as a doorstop, but the earpiece on that was comfortable. I don't know if it's just my phone or my ears, but if I press the phone to my ear, it is slightly uncomfortable. The speaker on the back is somewhat inconveniently placed, as I tend to cover it when I am typing in landscape mode, but to be entirely honest, I haven't really used it much since I purchased the phone. Having a few other miniUSB 2.0 devices is extremely nice, as the charging cord works for more than one. Some people have complained about the headphone input being sloped and revealing part of the headphone jack, but it does not affect the aesthetics from the front at all.Screen (5/5)This part of the phone is probably one of the highlights. The 4.65" screens blacks are amazing, the Super AMOLED's working amazingly. Some people complained about the pixel arrangement on other Samsung phones, and this phone keeps that same PenTile display, though with the ~320 ppi density, it's not noticeable at all. (I have flashed a custom kernel, the franco.kernel, to this device, and there are ways to change the color ratios if you are unsatisfied.) Again, this screen blew me away when I saw it, and the lack of hardware buttons just makes the phone look like a seamless slab of curved glass. Beautiful. I don't have huge hands by any means, though I do play the violin, and my fingers are quite long. To me, this device is the perfect size for one handed and two handed use. It's big enough that it doesn't seem crowded, but small enough to be used by one hand if needed.Internals (4.5/5)When looking at this device, quite a few quad-core phones had been released. Though they may provide that extra power for games and some videos, I found this phones' two 1.2GHz cores to be more than adequate. I have noticed no lag unless I severely underclock them, which I would not recommend as it saves a minimal amount of battery. (Personal recommendations on clock speeds: min 200MHz, max 1100MHz. Standard applications rarely bring the clock above 700MHz, the 1100MHz just give it a bit of leg room.)I've used *NIX systems for about 3 years now, and the first thing that I installed on this was the Terminal IDE. It comes with a busybox install, and so, being curious, I opened it and started htop. The specifications say 1GB of ram, though for programs, you only have 695mb to work with. Not too bad, but a bit on the small side.I haven't run any synthetic benchmarks with my current kernel and rom combination, though plenty are available on the web.I'm going to bundle the battery into this section. The battery is nice. It doesn't get the 5 day usage that I could get from my doorstop, but it runs fine for a full day and then some, depending on how you use it. If you play games for 4 hours and expect to have 80% battery left, you're out of luck. One thing that I've noticed is that when charging via computer or outlet, the area above the battery where the camera is begins to heat up steadily. It doesn't get dangerously hot or anything, but it's noticeable when you have to hold it up to your ear.Android (5/5)Being a Nexus phone, this was made to showcase the newest Android technology. Sadly, Verizon is not updating their sorely outdated 4.0.2 Ice Cream Sandwich for the current 4.0.4 ICS. While a disappointment if you intend to flash custom roms and kernels that require the 4.0.3 or 4.0.4 ICS, it's not the end of the world. There are upgrades for this readily available, but as of this writing, they are not supported by Verison or Google. Besides this minor hiccup, the phone's standard UI looks amazing. The Super AMOLED display makes the blacks in ICS darker than pitch. Being that I use Linux, I was quite happy to use Android, as it affords me many of the same customization opportunities. I have used iOS, and at least for me, the Android UI wins hands down. Not just because I prefer the vanilla ICS over the iOS interface, but there are so many ways to customize the UI that iOS just lacks. Okay, this is an ICS review, not a comparison. The pulldown menu integrated into ICS is much more robust than I was expecting. It's easy to see what you need to see and get rid of it or view it.The applications for Android are also exceptionally well done. Even those obviously made for the lower resolution screens scale up very nicely for this massive 720p display. Root access on this device is also easy, as it is a 'developer phone' more than a 'consumer phone,' and some of the 'developer options' in the menu are useful even when not working on Android applications. (The 'Show touches' option is very nice, though beware of any options that mention flashing the screen, and accidentally turning on the 'Show screen updates' option will result in a strobe effect that will possibly give you massive seizures.)Something thing that I feel I should mention is the keyboard. The stock keyboard is a nice slate theme, dark, but not too dark, and the buttons are sized perfectly. After only a few days, I was easily able to touch type on the portrait keyboard. If you want a good keyboard for the terminal emulators available (some come with their own keyboard which is usually quite good), the Hackers Keyboard has a great 5 row arrangement with easy access to symbols and a tab button, exactly like a computer keyboard. With some slight tweaks, the keyboard I chose just works for me to administer a server from my phone via ssh. (Another place where I feel that Android excels and iOS falls behind.)Camera (4/5)The camera is nice. That's pretty much all that can be said. It doesn't break any records at 5mp, but the pictures are nice enough that you can share them and not be embarrassed by how horrid they are. I didn't buy this phone for the camera, but taking pictures of my two cats and being able to share them is just a joy.Speaker (4/5)Phone speakers are not really meant to be used for music or videos, and it obviously has some major failings when doing either one, but on speakerphone the call quality is great. As I mentioned before, it's somewhat easy to cover while typing. It's not as loud as some other speakers, but it works for what it's made for.

This review is actually a response to the critical review by N. Gu.Before I start, I want to just express that I also own a Galaxy Nexus, albeit the GSM version.  That being said, my comments are based on the Verizon model.Your issues with signal are somewhat misleading.  Did you know that Verizon has had several well-reported 4G blackouts over the last few months?  Check and see if this has affected you.  As for poor signal overall, please see this anandtech article which explains that it's more a perception issue and an issue of how the phone hands off the signal between 3G and 4G.[...]Some of your other issues, such as soft speaker volume and lag have been addressed in the 4.0.4 software revision.Battery life on the Galaxy Nexus really isn't any worse than any other LTE phone on the market when LTE is enabled (Droid MAXX exempt).  It's recommended by most people to turn off LTE when you aren't using it.  I'd use a widget for this.  Also, let's keep in mind that the screen on this device is nothing short of massive.  It you're going to use it with the screen on for that long, chances are you'll be near a charging cable.  Use it.  For normal cell phone usage throughout the day (calls, texts, moderate browsing and entertainment), it's just fine.I do agree that the Camera quality isn't great compared to some of the newer phones on the market (see: iPhone 4S, Galaxy S II, the latter of which I also own).  I don't know enough on this to comment on why, but I assume it's got something to do with how it constantly builds a buffer of images instead of gathering the necessary light in low-light conditions.  Daytime pictures are quite good.That's pretty much the end of my response, but I want to point out some of the things I think set the Galaxy Nexus apart in a good way.The screen.  This screen is absolutely fantastic.  End.  The resolution is high enough to where you've got more detail than anybody with normal eyes could ask for.  It's also AMOLED which means you get true blacks, fantastic contrast, and beautiful colours.  I'll put it this way, if this phone didn't have the screen that it does, I would be incredibly sad.  I love turning it on, I love looking at it.The lack of physical buttons on the face of the devices: The beginning of software buttons in Android.  Honestly, this review is taking a bit longer than I intended but I will say that there are numerous advantages to having the buttons as part of the display instead of on their own.  Shortly, they are: They can disappear, change form, or change orientation.  This is important, especially now that  Android guidelines are pushing developers to add menu buttons to their apps.  Legacy apps without menu buttons will have one automatically added to the software buttons on the device.  Fantastic.Finally, I want to say that having Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0) on this device completely makes up for any flaws it might have.  ICS is an absolute joy to use.  By leaps and bounds, it's the best Android version yet, and quite possibly the best mobile OS on the market.  If you've tried other version of Android in the past but not yet ICS, give it a try.  It's far superior.This is the best Android smartphone currently available on Verizon's network.  Hands down.  Even if you're not on Big Red, this will soon be on Sprint and is available unlocked for *any* GSM carrier (ATT, TMO) unlocked from various online retailers.PS:  RGB notification lights are possibly the greatest thing ever.  Thank you Google and Samsung for bringing them back to the high end smartphone arena.

Today is August 12, 2012 and need to downgrade this phone.I am on my 4th factory refurbished phone and still is buggy.Phone audio is terrible.  Voicemail breaks with access not allowed or not setup.I'm going back to Apple as soon as the iPhone 5 is released next month.Since this phone is now illegal to sale in retail stores now is a good time to unload it.Any takers on a good used phone?ProsAlthough VZ does not support Google Wallet, downloading a boot leg copy showcases NFC technology at PayPass.Ignore the "Update Wallet" prompt because it will later break Google Wallet.NFC chip cannot read through a thick protective case.Fast 4g LTE speeds 8 to 20 MBPS.ConsICF OS buggy at times impacting the camera and other apps."Unfortunately, xyz app has stopped."  is a typical error response.Spotty 4g LTE coverage.

I love this phone.  It is everything that I had hopped and expected form it.  It is my first android phone and my first Verizon phone sense the LG Dear.  I have played around with a lot of phones in the Verizon store but it is just not the same as having one of your own to use.Positives:  This phone had a great screen Ice Cream Sandwich is a joy to use.  The phone is very responsive.  It seems like it has a good camera but I haven't used it much.  Lots of great apps.Negatives:  Battery life is shorter than it should be.  I was prepared for this and can live with it but I think they should have given it a bigger battery.  The speaker on the phone could also be better.  The volume is to low.  It works alright if you are listening to music but if you want to watch a movie it really hard to hear.  This is partly the volume but it is also caused by the speaker being located on the back on the phone so you need a hard surface behind it to reflect the sound around to the front if want to both hear and watch your movie at the same time.Other Comments:  No LTE in Montana but I don't mind 3G speeds too much.

This phone offers Google's newest Android OS (ICS) and runs stock, that is to say there is no Samsung TouchWiz skinning on the device. If you are an Android and Verizon user, this is the best phone on the market as of right now.

Poor quality camera.Terrible battery life.Cheap plasticky feel with buttons that are not very responsive and feel like they could come off.Signal issues.

Pro's: Pretty screen, ICS 4.0, fast cameraCon's: Comes out the gate with antiquated hardware. No SIM card slot so your stuck with the memory that ships.  Verizon and google didn't set this up to allow for NFC payments.  No BT 4.0.  While the 4.0 isn't a huge drawback yet, it will be as more and more 4.0 devices are made.  Size.

This is my third month with this phone and I am experiencing a lot of dropped calls (or calls with static). On the average, I have been making 6 to 7 short calls, with this phone, a day. More than half of the calls got dropped in the middle of the conversation. I live in San Jose, California and according to the sales person at the Verizon store, I should not have any problem with the connection.The issue with excessive dropped calls alone would have earned only one star from me. And to make the matter worst, the phone has one of the worst batteries. I use this phone on an average of one hour per day and I have to charge it twice a day. I have both of my WI-FI and Bluetooth turned off.5/27/2012I had the battery replaced and the new battery, after fully charged overnight, can last me up to about two days. I've also deleted my e-mail account so the phone won't download any e-mail in the backgroud and turned off the'Data Enabled' hence saving the battery (I was told). However, the problem with drop calls has not improved. If I need to access the internet or checking my e-mail, I just turn on the 'Data Enabled'.11/17/2012Learned another trick. I found this, on the internet, and decided to give it a try. I set my 'Preferred Network mode' to CDMA instead of LTE/CDMA. After I did this, I have been experiencing fewer drop calls.Now I am revising the rating and I am giving it a three instead of one star.

i got this crapper in march. its pretty and the screen is nice and its easy to browse the web on. but the phone sucks. i am tired of my phone calls always consisting of people telling me "what? what? i can't hear you. i still can't hear you. oh my god i hate your phone. you need to buy a better phone." thats what most of my phone calls end up deteriorating into and i end up just hanging up on them and calling them back from my home phone later on. of course they usually don't even hear me say it so all they get is me hanging up on them. yay.the signal strength is wacko. sitting in the same place, it will costantly jump from zero bars to three bars and back to zero and back to three over and over again. i have a system i use where i time making my calls. i start dialing at zero bars, and then by the time i finish dialing it should be back on three bars and i can make the phone call. if i wait til it has three bars then by the time i dial it will have dropped to zero again and i will just get a beep and told there is no signal to complete the call.the battery life is the worst part. if you use the phone (make calls, browse the web, play a game, take pictures) as normal, it will only last you 4-6 hours before dying. most of the time, i try to avoid using the phone, because i need it to last me for the day, and if i use it, then it won't. i have never had a phone before that i spent more time trying not to use it, than actually using it.the worst part is i live in canada so i am stuck with this phone for three years or else have to pay $450 to leave my contract. you americans with your awesome cell phone companies are so spoiled -_-

I recently purchased a Samsung Nexus, I live in the Dallas, Ft Worth area. 15 minutes after I turned the phone on I lost connection to the internet.  I called verizon, they said it was a software issue with the phone.  The next day I am driving home listening to Pandora and several time during the trip I loose the connections. This is day 2; That night I take it to a verizon store, the salesman tries to work his magic the phone losses connection in the verizon store: I have about had it by now. I use my phone as an alarm clock, that night I make sure the battery is charged, this phone has a mind of its own and it eats the battery. Needless to say, I wake up late, and discover the battery is completed dead, I make sure all programs are shut off and charge the phone on my one hour trip to work, 30 minutes into my first meeting the phone beeps and shuts down, The battery is dead again.  That night I called Verizon and sent the Phone packing. The phone has a great screen, Ice cream is really nice, the phone feels and looks cheap. I have had a 2nd generation motorola android for 2 years, and I never had any of these above issue with that phone. Verizon offered me either another Nexus (not on your life) or a Razor Maxx-- One word describes my feelings about the new phone (Fantastic) in every aspect.

We bought two of these phones and they won't stay charged for more that 3 hours!  Can't wait for upgrade time!  Will not buy another Galaxy!

Dont have a review yet considering i just walked out the store with it. Just didnt want people to miss out on the deal or have to wait for it. Bestbuy just price matched amazons $150 price tag if you dont want to wait for the back order. Put a big smile on my face.

Got it and had to trade it for a Rezound within 3 days. It just didn't get good service. Live in a splotchy area. My Rezound gets 3 bars in my apartment, whereas the Nexus didnt get any. If you know you service isn't a concern then go for it. But to me, the uncertainty wasn't worth it. PS-I love my Rezound.

I was looking forward to this phone because I was still using the original Droid, needed an upgrade and wanted a true (or as close as you can get on Verizon) Nexus experience.  I bought the phone on the day that it came out and I was really impressed with the blazing speed of ICS and web-browsing and the remarkable video quality.  I would highly recommend this phone to people who like to watch videos or play games on their phones.  I have never seen this sort of video quality on another cell phone.  However, for my purposes, this phone simply did not work.The pentile screen just does not work well with my eyes.  The whites have a glare and a sometimes bluish effect, especially in low light, and some of the other colors, like grays, appear grainy as if the text was written on paper.  I mainly use my phone for work, news and web-browsing, so a poor reading experience just did not justify the expense.  The problems were exacerbated by low light and I generally read my phone in low light, whether that be on a dark train during my commute or at night on my couch, so in aggregate, these issues really impacted by experience and led me to return the phone.  I understand that this is a byproduct of these types of screens and the trade-off is great video quality, but the reading experience hurt my eyes. In fact, I had an easier time reading on my orginial Droid and that fact alone precludes me from giving this phone a higher rating. The battery life was not that impressive either, but since this is an early 4G phone, it did not really bother me too much.  Outside of that, I think that the phone is wonderful, just not for reading or web-browsing.  If you're a videophile or gamer, this is the device for you.

Worst cell phone I have ever had. Drops calls up to 25% of the time. Battery drains in less then 4 hours. Speaker - can't hear people talking on the phone. Can't access my e-mail and facebook about 33% of the time -network not available messages all the time. Taking this 'brick' back to Verizon!

The Galaxy Nexus 4G was not what I was expecting. Bought it on Friday and returned it on Monday. While the phone gets alot of good reviews, those reviews fail to note this phone has poor battery life (huge issue) and the overall call quality is only so-so.First the good. The 4G is blazing fast (I wish my laptop could move as quickly). However, 5 minutes after using it (after fully charging the battery) the battery was already at 90% remaining life (i.e. 10% gone in just a few mins)... and I was only using a fraction of the phone's capabilities (a few mins of twitter and checking the news). The specs say it gets 12 hours of battery life. I believe this is only if you do absolutely nothing with it. E.g. I spoke on the phone for 47 minutes total and the ph went to low battery. True you could charge it up constantly but it seems like it should be able to do 4 hours of calls.The call quality was also only so-so. I had only limited experience with this (partially do to battery life) but my BB storm (4 yrs old) seems to get better reception.Overall opinion... fast. Just stay very close to your phone charger. Let me remind you to stay close to your charger.

Switched from HTC EVO for Sprint. First thing I noticed is that sound is not as clear as it was with the Evo on Sprint. My friends couldn't tell the difference  that I have a new provider and phone. I've tried it, with and without  Bluetooth ear peace, but there was no diference. Is it the phone, or the Verizon, I don't know. Internet is insane  fast. Twice as faster then my home cable. I drive semi truck and I need a good internet connection, because after every delivered load, I need to go online and find another one. Sprint drooped the ball  couple times and that is the why I switched to Verizon. I hope their better coverage is for real.Phone is very fast, don't freeze at all. Its light, the screen is very good, the battery is average. The 1 penny price is what make's it, THE BEST DEAL.I'll give him 4 stars, because of the sound quality. If that is a Verizon issue, then the phone deserve 5 stars.

Real quick, to clarify something that seems to be unclear to some, this phone does not have an SD memory card expansion slot.  You get the 32 gb that is built in solid state plus the use of the Google cloud.  This should be plenty for most.  I was waiting for this phone and read more reviews than I care to remember.  I first went for the RAZR and was dissappointed and ended up with the one phone that I had not really been interested in during all the hype about the big three phones coming to Verizon.  Let me say this and I base this solely on use of the phone and quality of both displaly and sound quality.  There is not another phone that can outperform better overall than the HTC Rezound, I thought this phone was a gimmick phone and I was proven wrong.  I had a droid x prior to this phone and have used and returned seven different phones that I did not feel were worthy of using an upgrade discount.  HTC is the winner by TKO this winter.  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, enjoy the new Nexus beta phones that are sure to have a ton of problems once enough get out there and on the network.  I hope I am wrong, but after 20 years in IT one thing is constant, every first version of a new OS has many bugs and it usually takes three service packs to correct the majority.  Also the display is only 4.0" inches , the other space is dedicated to the new software buttons that take the place of physical buttons.  I really wish I could make the leap as I still am able to return the HTC, BUT THERE IS NO WAY!!!

=== Brief update, 9/15/2012 ===Many of the issues with this phone on Verizon still stand. I hate to say "I told you so", but a year later, Verizon has proven quite clearly that they're willing to backstab or at least slap in the face every Nexus owner of theirs.* In an utter upset of the whole point of the Nexus, Verizon is now several months late in releasing their version of the Android Jelly Bean update. The GSM Nexus got it on Day 1 months ago, Sprint got it eventually, but Verizon hasn't even so much as mentioned it. There is no longer any reason to believe that Nexus phones on Verizon will receive updates sooner than any other Android smartphone, if ever.* The car dock issue never got fixed; unlike the GSM version, the Verizon version of the dock still does not have integrated charging, audio, or car mode.* Google Wallet still does not work on VerizonOn the positive side...* Facebook contact syncing is now available through free third-party apps* The phone has gotten somewhat cheaper* The phone can now tether without root, thanks to newly-enforced FCC regulations upon Verizon=== Original review follows ===(Updated 12/19/11 to correct misinformation about Google Wallet)Intro & Disclaimer------------------This is an early adopter's review intended to point out a few issues that weren't mentioned in most of the pre-release reviews. I'm leaving out the good aspects because you can find positive, glowing reviews just about everywhere else and there's no reason for me to be redundant.I received my Galaxy Nexus today and I'm sad to say the phone is not as polished as I was led by the hype to believe.General issues--------------* No Facebook contact syncing. Due to a dispute between Google and Facebook about the Android Contacts API, Facebook contact syncing is currently broken. That means you can't easily call/email/text your Facebook friends, see their photos, etc. from anywhere in your phone EXCEPT for within the Facebook app itself. (According to Engadget, this is an issue with Nexus-branded phones from the Nexus S onwards.)* No Google Wallet - Sadly, Google Wallet is not officially available due to technical complications. You can add it back with a rooted phone and a custom ROM if you really want it.* Non-vanilla Android - In a slap to the entire Nexus philosophy of "pure Google", Verizon pre-loaded their own "My Verizon" and "VZ Backup Assistant" apps. You can disable them, but you cannot uninstall them without rooting your phone. It remains to be seen whether this will affect future updates from Google. Minor version updates (to 4.0.3) have come without any problems, but it's unclear how major new versions will be affected.* Google Voice voicemail setup process is broken - The app tells you that voicemail configuration is not available for your current network. I skipped the setup process and my GV voicemail continued to work, strangely, but this might be because I already set it up with my Verizon account in the past (on my old Android phone). I'm not sure if first-time Android users will be able to set this up under a Galaxy Nexus. (I was informed this may be the case with all Verizon Android phones, but my memory suggests otherwise. I'm not sure who's correct.)* Hidden Menu button - I was surprised and annoyed to see that the Menu button has been replaced by a task switcher button in most situations. The menu button in Ice Cream Sandwich is now a context-sensitive button that only appears in certain situations, and while in theory that sounds fine, in practice this means there is no consistent place for it and different apps will have it hidden in different places. In some apps, it even changes places depending on which screen you're on... making configuration way more of a hassle than it really needs to be.* Buggy Font Size settings - Although ICS now allows you to change the default font size, setting it larger than normal (to make it easier to read) is currently buggy. It works, but sometimes text gets cut off mid-line at the bottom.* Non-removable Google search bar at the top of every home screen - The new launcher/home screen is nice (almost as powerful as LauncherPro), but the Google bar takes up the top row of every screen. Personally, I consider this a waste of valuable icon space when the old Search button worked just fine.* Apps launcher no longer scrolls vertically - Google has copied Apple's apps launcher design, forcing you to scroll left and right one screen at a time to find your app. If you have a lot of programs, this becomes a lot slower than the old vertical scrolling. (I was told this has been here since Gingerbread, but it nonetheless remains an issue in ICS, so I'm leaving it in the review.)* "Fake" tabbed browsing - The reviewers calling the browser "tabbed" seemingly have never used an actual tabbed browser. There are no tabs in the ICS browser, only windows as before. There is now a drop-down button that shows you all the open windows, each with a thumbnail, but that's still not the same thing as a row of immediately-switchable tabs. Additionally, it takes an annoying swipe+click+click to close the current tab and go to the next one. And when you open a tab in the background, its thumbnail isn't properly rendered, so you're left with a long list of blank windows in the window switchers.* New Gmail and Calendar interfaces - They look prettier, but they're harder to use now because the old text-based buttons have been replaced by smaller, icon-only ones. It wasn't immediately obvious what "half open envelope", "three dots", "two boxes", "miniature calendar", etc. meant.* Between the Menu button changes and the app-specific interfaces, a lot of big buttons have been replaced by either tiny icons or text-only menus in a long list. This makes it a lot harder to, for example, archive Gmail messages or exit the Navigation app if you have bigger, imprecise fingers like mine. Definitely a step back in usability.* No SD card slot means there's no easy way to transfer old app settings from an old phone to this phone.Driving/car mode issues-----------------------To my surprise, the Galaxy Nexus is pretty much unusable while driving. Google and Samsung completely butchered the car usage scenario with this phone:* The launcher/home and voice search screens no longer rotate with your display. If you have your phone in horizontal (wide) rotation for use as a GPS, all text and menus are sideways until you actually get into an app. Needless to say, this makes it hard to launch apps while you're on the road.* With the new virtual buttons, one of the most useful shortcuts -- Voice Search, previously activated by holding down the Search button -- is altogether gone. Now you have to go to the home screen and try to hit the tiny, tiny microphone on the Google search bar (while it's rotated the wrong way, thanks to the above issue). Want to dictate a new song or navigation destination while you're driving? Good luck hitting that tiny mic button without crashing.* Unbelievably, there is no included Car Mode functionality. Not only does the phone not rotate, it doesn't launch Car Home and also doesn't stay on with the power connected. To make it even worse, the Car Home app on the market isn't compatible with ICS.And guess what... the official Samsung car dock (officially called a "Navigation Mount") doesn't trigger dock mode either. It also has no integrated charging or headset adapter, meaning you have to manually connect the charger and headset cable every time you get into or out of the car. My years-old, much cheaper, Droid X car dock did this so much better. And if you think you can get around these issues by simply rotating the mount to portrait view, well, guess what... its mobility is limited in that direction, so you can't really tilt it very much towards the driver. One aggravating oversight after another... was there not a single driver on their entire QA team, or what? (Update: Apparently, it's only the Verizon-Samsung car dock that has this issue. The international version has integrated charging and audio and presumably functions better. I can't help but wonder if Verizon is deliberately sabotaging the Nexus brand to spite Google.)True, the Tasker app and third-party car docks can help alleviate this, but a 2011 flagship phone that doesn't take drivers into account by default? That's just inexcusable.Conclusion----------I don't want to sound overly negative, but I wanted to let people know about these issues so they can decide for themselves before they order a Galaxy Nexus. I certainly wish somebody told me beforehand, especially about the Facebook thing and car issues. I'm going to give the phone a week or so and see if I can work around these issues, but if not, I'm probably going to return it.Maybe I'm just an old fart resistant to change, but the old tech adage of "never buy a first-generation product" sadly holds true here. I was expecting a massive improvement over my Droid X, but overall, I'm sad to say that this phone has become a slight disappointment in just two days. I can only hope software updates will fix some of these problems, but there are certain things -- like the physical Menu and Search buttons -- that I will forever miss.

Just got this phone yesterday, it took me a while to choose between this phone and the razr, I am confident that I made the right choice with this phone. Comming from a tmobile galaxy s this is a huge upgrade. This phone is so fast.Pros:Screen is amazing, big, bright, beautiful.Speed, way faster than my old phone.ICSVirtual keyboard is perfect. (using it now)Camera is great.Verizon matched amazon price.It just looks good.Cons:Battery (i even upgraded to the 2100), but i knew this would have crapy battery life going in to it so no surprise there.No SD card optionOverall fantastic phone, I would do it again.

Stock android is the best experience on any phone. ICS is the best (And 4.1 is even better) but the big let down about this phone is the hardware. 95% of the time when i made a call or someone called me id drop the call. I went to 4 different verizon stores and they all said it was samsung's radios ( on verizon motorola has the best radios). So in the end i got rid of the nexus and picked up a droid razr maxx. Yes it sucks having a locked down phone but at least now i can make calls.

Background:This is my second personally-owned Android phone.  This replaces my Sprint HTC EVO 4G of two years, and I much prefer the Galaxy Nexus to my work-assigned Motorola Droid 4 (physical keyboard or not).  I've used Android 2.1 (Eclair), 2.2 (Froyo), and 2.3 (Gingerbread).  I ran Cyanogenmod 7 since ~fall 2011 and then 7.2 RC's until replacing the EVO altogether.Pro's:--Phone is very thin.--Clear, vibrant 4.65" Super AMOLED HD screen with higher-than-average resolution (720x1280 vs. the more typical 480x800).--The ability to use small-sized system-wide fonts on the higher-resolution screen is great.--Excellent LTE speeds when available.--Voice quality in phone calls has been above average in my experience.--Ice Cream Sandwich is rather nice once you get used to it.--Phone zips between screens and changes between apps with little to no appreciable lag.--Vibration works well--not overly powerful, nor too weak.--Boots pleasantly quickly.--802.11n WiFi radio works rather well for me (although some claim to have range issues).--You can change out to a fresh battery when charging isn't an option (skipped the HTC One X for this very reason).--I very much appreciate the mostly "Pure Google" aspect of this phone and lack of bloatware or carrier-implemented restrictions (although, technically, it's not nearly the "Pure Google" experience of a GSM Galaxy Nexus).Con's:--Perhaps *too* thin by default? (see next con)--The smooth, hard, untextured plastic surfaces of this very thin phone definitely are too slippery; I can't hold this tall, wide phone in my largish hands without a case that adds decent grip-ability to the device without constant worry about dropping it outright.--Super AMOLED HD is a "Pentile" screen; some users hate the technology, others see nothing wrong with it.  I have fairly picky tastes when it comes to computer displays and have zero issues with it...  but your mileage may vary.--Battery life is fair-to-good with a decent LTE signal; worse than average with poor or no LTE signal.--Speaker volume for media is a little too quiet for most of my podcasts.--Notification light is on the bottom of the phone, not at the top...  huh?--I *almost* miss the SDcard support, but having ~28 GB of internal storage available works pretty well for me.--On-screen ICS navigation buttons take a little getting used to--but at least they stay in the same place consistently.  Unfortunately, the "Menu" button is now a symbol composed of three dots, and can be located at the top of the screen or at the bottom--entirely dependent on the application developer, and prone to be different between different apps.  Very annoying.Final Thoughts:I really had a lot of doubts regarding the on-screen buttons, since I loved the fixed-in-place capacitive buttons on the EVO.  I was also a bit nervous about Samsung phone quality, having read a great deal of rants about its supposedly lower-quality "plasticky" builds.  I've been pleasantly surprised by the on-screen buttons not being a big deal at all (aside from the aforementioned "Menu" button's variable location), and the build quality of my phone looks to be just as good as anything I've seen with HTC or Motorola.  I'm not a fan of the hard, slippery smooth plastic but that's fixed easily enough with a good silicone skin or textured case of your choice (my favorite:Incipio SA-204 Samsung Galaxy Nexus SILICRYLIC Hard Shell Case with Silicone Core - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black/Black).  ICS has worked well for me, and I've rather enjoyed most of the changes to the Android interface and resulting differences in device operation in comparison to Gingerbread-based devices.This late in the game it's probably worth checking out the new Samsung Galaxy S3, soon to be available on just about all US carriers.  There are many similarities to the Galaxy Nexus, but the new dual-core Qualcomm S4 processor looks to be a nice upgrade..  enough of one to opt for a non-"Pure Google" phone?  Not for me.  But if that's your primary interest, and you don't have money burning in your pocket, you might want to wait and see what Google's next developer phone is for this year.Bottom Line:I really enjoy my Galaxy Nexus overall.  It's not perfect, and it has its quirks, but they pale in comparison to the benefits it has over many other 6-10-month old devices.  That said, it's probably more for geeks and phone hackers and less for "mainstream" users as it lacks the carrier-provided "hand-holding" software found on many other devices.  I've found it to be a solid phone, and I am grateful I was willing to give it a try.

I've had about 6 different smartphones ranging from Blackberry's to iPhones to PalmPre's to Androids. Of all the phones I've had this is by far the best one.Google has hit a home run with Ice Cream Sandwich and Samsung has made a device that puts all other android phones to shame.I could go on and on about how awesome this phone is, but I won't as I'm sure others will get into the details. Just take it from someone that works in the industry that this is the Android we've been waiting on. Congrats Google!

I wanted to post a few things in this review that I was looking for the answer on before I bought this phone myself.Battery is of more importance to me than 4g speeds.  The 4g eats battery like nobody's business but toggle it off and go back to 3g which is still plenty fast for me and suddenly battery life is quite good (for a smartphone).  I've been getting plus or minus 24 hours (really 24 hours not just saying a work day) out of a charge with average usage (3-4 hours of screen on web browsing/fiddling mostly on wi-fi, light camera usage, checking email throughout day, maps, 30min call time, etc.)  Got the 2100mah extended battery coming too which should add a few more hours at least I hope.The camera is average.  Definitely the weakest link and I'm not just saying that because it is a 5mp vs 8mp.  I had an open mind about that and was hoping that was all people were focused on was the number but the camera just really isn't that great.  I'm coming off the original droid incredible who's camera was...well...Incredible (for a phone).ICS/Android 4.0 is awesome.  User friendly.  Quick.  Highly functional and easy to use.The processor is zippy.  Definitely the fastest I have used.  Will not let you down.The screen is awesome.  Seems a little dim in the auto-mode when I'm in lower light but that is a fair compromise for extended battery life.It does feel a little big in my pocket particularly when I'm sitting but not at all too big in my hands.  The small bezel and thin profile helps fit that large screen in a manageable total package.Waiting for the 4.0.4. upgrade to roll out (still on 4.0.2) but I haven't really noticed any connection problems/battery drain that I read about in forums.  Looking forward to getting the quick updates associated with a nexus device.Other than the camera I am very happy with my purchase.

Excellent OS upgrades, and the 20GB verizon data plan gets closer to what a data plan should be (unlimited).While $80.00 per phone for data is many times what it is worth, I guess we are stuck.  But this is a review of the device, not the carrier.Almost everything about this device is near perfect, so you may ask why 3 stars? Compared to the Samsung Galaxy S that this replaces the Nexusis almost impossible to hear from more than a few feet away and the speaker is completely worthless.  I used to listen to the public radio streamon my old phone and it worked great even at half volume.  I need to turn the Nexus up to max to even make out the audio, and hearing a phone callunless you are holding it is nearly impossible.Great work on the OS features and improvements, but some of us still want to use a phone as a phone.

I'll keep it brief. This phone is fast, has a great form factor and a sexy screen. Plus, ICS is a very big step forward, and I could not go back to gingerbread, or iOS for that matter, now that I've used it.Only qualm is that the volume is a little low. "Volume+" rendered that a non-issue, so now we're totally good.

I've had this phone for over a year now. I don't write reviews unless the item leaves a strong impression on me (positive or negative), and with this phone, it's definitely negative. It does have positives, but here is what I've found to be wrong with it:1. Horrible battery life. I had to buy a 3200mAh battery just to get through a single day of moderate use: texting, web browsing, email, no media at all. Absolutely atrocious battery life.2. Random restarts. The phone will randomly just restart itself. No clue what triggers it, happens once every 1-2 months.3. RF reception is bad. My friend is sitting next to me with his verizon droid bionic, he has connectivity, I do not. Happens often.4. Bluetooth noise. I have tried 3 different bluetooth headsets, all have an annoying background whine, as well as white noise, while in a call with this phone. Documented firmware issue, has been around for over a year, nothing has been done to fix it.5. GPS won't lock. I enable GPS, turn on google maps, and it often takes 20 minutes for the GPS to actually lock and accurately reflect my location. I am driving through suburbia, I put the phone right under my windshield, zero obstructions... no lock.6. Lag. The web browser lags, apps lag, even the damn home screen lags. Every time they release an update it gets better... for a day or two. Then it's back to lag city.7. Various other bugs that may be Android related, rather than specific to this phone: text messages sometimes get "stuck" until you send another one (especially MMS ones containing pictures), apps crash, impossible to get rid of google's apps that you never use, and then those apps bug you to update them, etc, etc.

I read the reviews and should have listened.  Luckily I don't use my phone for business, but to drop a call every time is unacceptable.  No wonder Verizon doesn't carry this POS anymore!  I will never buy Samsung again!

Updated 2/3/12:  The phone is okay, but not great.  So far, call reception has been mediocre, but call quality is usually very clear.  Data reception is very poor, for 3G and 4G.  It is very pretty and the apps seem to work great.  However, as a phone it has some things broken or missing.  I use a blue-tooth ear piece to use my phone hands-free, and have been doing so for at least 10 years or so.  This phone is the worst at matching of contacts to voice dialing that I have ever seen, so much so it is comical.  This is the function of the voice dialer program, not the Google voice command program, which works great.  The problem with voice dialer is that it seems to think it knows what I want and will immediately dial it without asking me if it got it right first.  This has ended up in the random dialing of just about everyone in my contacts list.  Many times I can't just hit the blue-tooth to disconnect because it has already dialed the wrong number.  This program needs to be fixed.  I called customer service and they said to try another voice dialer program or hope an update comes out soon that fixes it.The other issue is that I couldn't find the notification that I had voice mails waiting.  My wife's Motorola phone has a recorder icon that shows how many voice mails are waiting, and my old LG Dare phone showed them in the messages area and it would buzz me until I would acknowledge it.  This phone has a very tiny pull down screen from tiny tiny icons on top of phone.  There is also a white LED on the bottom of the phone, but I didn't even notice it for a long time and I'm not sure what will set it off (I think some app updates may set it off).  I downloaded a Visual Voice Mail program that helps alot.Also, the user manual is a joke, but this is probably true for all Android phones.  It doesn't explain much of anything at all how to use the phone's features, other than getting the battery put in and charged to get it running. However, I did find out later that they have a few useful videos on their web site, and a user forum (seemed fairly useless to me), but it still leaves so much unexplained about the phone.As an Android web device it is pretty good.  It is very fast and functional for running apps.  The 4G service is three times faster than my home DSL line, when I can get the service, which has got me thinking about upgrading our home internet service.  There are all kinds of apps that are freely downloaded to make your life easier, and makes the phone fun to play with.  I can actually read magazines and books quite well with the Kindle reader app.  It is great at keeping you up to date on news and weather and the games are fun.  Just wish it did a little better a being a phone.PROS:- 4G, when you can get it, is blazingly fast.- Breathtakingly beautiful screen, which makes looking at my photos on Picasa a real pleasure.  Much better than Droid Bionic.- Has Ice Cream Sandwich.- 32 Gig storage.  For me this is more than enough.- Fast and responsive.- Run apps great.- Looks nice.- It was easy to activate the phone myself.- Using the Verizon Backup Assistant it was very easy to move all my contacts from my old LG Dare to the new phone.CONS:- Only 5 home screens.  My wife's Droid X has 7, and I think most do.  I understand you can group ICONs on this phone, so that may reduce the need, but I like to use widgets and they take screen space.- Poor data reception.  My wife's Droid X will have 4 bars and I won't have any reception at all sitting in the same place.  It can be also be slow to find service and occasionally the person I am talking to will say they can barely hear me while I can hear them perfectly.- Horrible battery life.  I haven't had it last overnight yet (and I've had it a month and use JuiceDefender).  My wife's Droid X last 2-3 days.  Some times I only get 3-4 hours of moderate use, and that is just normal stuff, no videos yet.- It can over heat pretty easily.  It can get uncomfortably hot near camera at times, a few times while it was just sitting in stand-by.- No real accessories.  I would like a charging dock and a functional car dock at least.  The battery needs charging all the time.- Almost NO preinstalled apps.  Some will think this is a PRO, but for me it is a CON.  I had rather have standard apps installed and ready to go rather than go looking for them.  Plus, I would expect them to be tested and work perfectly.  You can always uninstall if you need the space, but 32 gigs is a lot of space and apps take almost no space.- VOICE DIALER is broken and you can't set features on it (such as confirming commands before acting on it) or train it for your voice.  This is basic functionality for me.  Customer service said to find a third party replacement.  Please don't confuse this with Google Voice Command, which works great, but doesn't work with Blue Tooth ear pieces.- Notification for voice mail could be a lot better, but there is some.- Only 5 megapixal camera.  ???  not sure why when they have a good 8 mp camera.- No SD card slot.  Not much of a deal for me, but when I upgrade to the next phone it would be nice to just eject my music and pop it in the new phone.** If I had it to do over, I would probably get the Motorola Razor Max or iPhone.  This phone is not ready for prime time.  Some have said a fix is coming out in March.  I hope so because I will be stuck with a marginal phone for two years otherwise.P.S.  I noticed that the battery life can change dramatically, and other reviewers have indicated various levels of battery drain.  I assume this may be due to apps running in the background that haven't been properly terminated or continue updating.  Once I noticed when I pulled my phone out of the holster it was a bit warm, even though it was just sitting on standby for an hour or more, and the battery was very low.  Some days it lasts long (50% left at end of 12 hrs), some days not so long (dies after 3-4 hours).  I ended up installing a battery saver program (JuiceDefender) and it seems to have made a substantial difference in a stable battery life.  The app measures how much batter it saves you, and my short experience has ranged from x1.03 (mostly asleep on charger) to x2.  My perception is that it is a fairly accurate assessment, even though some have said that ICS doesn't need battery management outside of ICS.Update 1/24/12:  Someone suggested I try out Google Voice account, which apparently can even translate to text and avoid the need to call Voice Mail at all.  Sounds like a great idea to me.I still am struggling with the Voice Dialer accuracy.  It still seems to dial randomly out of my contacts list.  I have been trying to work with Samsung customer support, but so far no luck (except they pointed out the activity bar at the top of the screen for voice mail with tiny tiny icons).  The nice thing about a Droid phone is that there are so many apps that there is a good chance I might find one that can fix my problem by replacing Voice Dialer, but Samsung should have tested theirs out better before releasing it in the first place.  Eventually customer support suggested I find a third-party replacement or wait and hope an update comes out to fix it (they had same problem).

I put this in wiki, with links for you guys to check out as well.Like i say this phone may be for you , but just be aware of these issues.Samsung is normally great but may have missed it a bit on this one.Some major issues on this phone.1.Weak Signal, weak antenna issues. [url][...]2.Battery Issues. (4 hour drain)3.Multi touch issues and slow rotation speeds ( when going to landscape mode for a text) [url][...]4.Only way to unlock the phone is way up on top right button and then slide way bottom of screen to unlock. (super hard to do one-handed)5.Graphics processor too slow for the size screen. ( see attached benchmark )6.Flimsy back cover7.Poor camera and videoThat said, this phone may be for you if you stream a lot of video over 4G. thats the only way you will notice faster speeds than 3g is through video. regular browsing, not much different.If you consume alot of media, maybe. If you need phone to work, and want it to last a while between charges, you may want to reconsider.You are paying an average of $2000 over 2 yr contract with you phone, so a few hundred at purchase time is nothing. If this was a good phone i wouldnt mind paying $400.But as it is, I wouldnt buy at $50

I got this phone at my local verizon store on launch day. I use my cell phone a lot throughout the day and have never been more satisfied with any phone. The phone is incredibly quick, providing a refreshing twist to android's sluggish performance. It is slim as can be, and fairly light as well. This phone doesnt overheat and doesnt die in 5 hrs of use like the Htc thunderbolt. Screen quality is amazing and I could never go back to a lower resolution. The call quality is crystal clear, my only gripe is the speakerphone is really quiet and is easily muffled. I would reccomend this to anyone looking for a great android phone.

I have a motorola atrix and can leave overnight or a day or sogoogle battery probs for the nexus, everyone gets about 5 hrs or soI've turned everything offfor the ms, this is a deal breakertrying the droid razr max

I upgraded from an Iphone 3 to this phone.  This phone is very fast and powerful, many people have covered this already.  The battery unfortunately lasts no more than 6 hours for me with VERY little use.  If I talk on the phone say 30 mins, browse a few news apps like AP or NYT for 20 mins; and play MP3s for another 30, than the phone will last about 4 hours. I have cut down on every possible item that could eat away at the battery and it hasn't helped much.  I have the screen on the dimmest setting possible cut away wifi and gps tracking and it has done very little in helping to keep the battery from flat out draining.I downloaded a battery app or widget to help me keep track of the battery life and even with a full battery the app tells me I have a max usage of 5hr 50 mins on a full battery.  "Cell standby" and "screen"  according to this app eat up by far the most power, around 70%; while phone and apps use around 20%.I intended on selling my last phone, but now I may have to keep it and reconnect it with my new carrier and give this away to a family member.

I so wish that Google would produce a phone that uses all the best hardware & just blows everything else away. It's like they were afraid to set the bar to high & purposely used some cheap hardware. Unfortunately, I can't justify the purchase of this for several reasons. The fact that they used a 5mb camera is something that has me shaking my head. Then add in the fact that they they didn't include an external storage slot & I'm left wondering if they realize that some of us don't have data plans that can support the constant use of cloud storage / retrieval. Finally, it appears that they thought that just because it has ICS they can cheapen the hardware & it will still sell, I guess they were right but it sure reminds me of Apple with their refusal to finally throw everything but the kitchen sink at one of their phones.

This phone isn't the fastest or the most unique. It's crowning glory is the OS which is marvelous. I think it would have been 5 stars even, but it looks like it's updates are getting the run around with phone carriers. It should be running Jelly bean, but at this time it isn't.

I've had this phone for 1.5 years and it's had several reliability issues. Would not recommend!(1) Battery life is really bad - this was immediate. I've had to charge my phone all day at work. Even with minimal use, the phone seems to last at most 8-12 hours, so if you're out of the house/office/car you need extra batteries.(2) Random restarts - the phone reboots itself randomly.(3) Headphone jack issues - the phone started to think the headphones were always plugged in, preventing me from talking on the phone.

I bought this phone when it came out in December, 2011. Love the Nexus experience--I came from a direct-from-Google Nexus One and I really enjoy that ICS goodness. In fact that should be the #1 reason why you want this phone.However, I recommend AGAINST getting this phone from Verizon Wireless. They were the first-to-market in USA with this device and yet they still have not delivered the latest Android Jelly Bean for this device. It goes against the biggest advantage that makes the Google Nexus program from the consumer perspective, if other devices and carriers are getting the latest Android update before this device, including non-Nexus devices.Of course, there are other advantages to this phone, such as a healthy support from 3rd party developers who offer ROMs and other ways to tinker with your phone, by rooting it. If you're here because you want to root your phone, then this Nexus phone remains an attractive offer.If you're not, and you're looking for the latest and greatest updates from Google for Android, DON'T get a Verizon Wireless device. They have shown to be slow and uncommunicative for their new smartphone user base looking to upgrade their phone's software. Crippling Google Wallet has nothing on delaying a relatively small, incremental release like Jelly Bean. God forbid when a major Android release comes out, we'll likely never going to see it released by VZW short of half a year.I still give this phone 3 stars because it is well-supported by 3rd party, and generally offers adequate set of hardware for today's best apps. I only took one star off for VZW's inadequacies, and one more star for its less-than-ideal build quality and relatively unwieldy size. The front glass is scratch prone, so I recommend some screen protector if you're any sort of rough on your phone. I already have 2 very minor scratches in 7 months, without using any protection.

The VZW Galaxy Nexus struggles to hold a connection.  By struggle, I mean, it'll connect to 4G for like maybe 5 minutes and then it'll drop...and stay off for a while.  Switching to 3G isn't much better.  And even with power managing apps, you will be charging this phone at least 2-3 times a day with moderate use even with 3G off.  Not sure if it's a hardware issue or a software issue, but Verizon and Samsung are aware of the problem (have been since Dec. 2011), but here it is March 2012 and STILL no fix in sight.  They act as if nothing is wrong.  Do yourself a favor and go for the Droid Razr MAXX unless you just ABSOLUTELY have to have a phone running Android 4.0.

This is an incredible phone.  It's got an awesome big screen that is perfect for photos, videos, and games.  It is light and thin. I love the camera because it has very little delay, which is perfect for taking pictures of my kids.  Being able to take still photos while filming a video is also a great feature.

Anything that has tag Google is always reliable (Except Google+ though ;) )I started using Nexus one after iPhone 3gs, the most reliable phone i ever had. I usually dont handle phone's softly.. use to drop my phone frequently. Have fixed the iPhone screen 3 times, and i almost paid double the time of what i paid for the phone. But Nexus one have'nt had a single issue so far. And its almost looks like new even after many drop's on the floor.Recently moved to Galaxy Nexus, and this one is almost the same reliability as NexusOne. Also the technology and quality at its peak. There are few software glitche's which is understandable due to the new os release. Otherwise its the best Competator for iphone, also its way ahead of iphone when comes to tough handling. But yet to beat the touch screen of iphone though.

Its a great phone. The size is great. If u want a true nexus experience with this device you have to root. Only way you will get updates often. Carriers tend to take over. When a new version of android comes out this phone will get it. Some newer phones will take way longer to update

I really, REALLY wanted to like this phone.  After 1 month of trouble with one way call audio ("can you hear me? can you hear me?"), dropped calls, and extremely flaky 4G signal (friends with other Verizon phones have none of these issues while standing next to me), I have to rate this as one star and warn people against picking this up for $.01 thinking it is a good deal.  I have audio problems or dropped calls on nearly every call lasting more than 5 minutes, and it has caused me a fair amount of embarrassment with family and work associates.  If the thing would simply work as a phone without these issues, it would be a 5 star rating, but as it stands now, it is only useful as a small tablet.  I spent several hundred dollars on antennas and amplifiers thinking it was a signal problem (new to Verizon) before I found literally hundreds of threads with a substantial amount of people also with the same issue.  So after 1 month wasting a ton of time and money, I give up. To be clear, I do not think this is an issue with Verizon as much as a problem with the phone, but I could be wrong about that.It remains to be seen what I can do about this, but I do not recommend this phone at all, due to the serious call issues and data signal drops.  Before anyone flames me, do a Google search for "galaxy nexus one way audio" or "galaxy nexus dropped calls", this is not an isolated issue and NO it is not fixed in Android 4.0.4 OTA.  I will update this review if anything changes.

I've never been a fan of the one size fits all style of the iPhone line. Like many Verizons, I got my first taste of something magical with the original DROID. It was awesome, yet even at the time...lacking. Android still didn't have that polish and though a keyboard option was nice, not for me(Thanks to Swype mostly).Then I replaced my DROID with a used Samsung Fascinate trying to last to the end of my contract. Then as my contract neared its end, rumors of a Nexus on Verizon began to swell. I finally upgraded to a Razr and then exchanged it for a Nexus. Many things went into my decision, but the most important one was SOFTWARE UPDATES. Google pushes software updates to Nexus phones. Gone are our 6-9 month update windows or the dreaded, will I even get an update. That paired with a truly awesome device was a straight up WIN. I'm in love with this phone. Buy it, unless they come out with another Nexus...then buy that!

I had iphone 4S for 5 days and I hated it.Battery life was awful and everything, as are other Apple products, was "controlled".This phone is my first android and I absolutely love it.I bought 2 more batteries so I can change them when I need to.If I don't use the phone much, it'll last me a day. But I usually listen to online music and youtube videos, so it takes its toll.Any smartphone will drain battery a lot faster than non-smart phones.Simply put, you nor anyone in the world can do anything about it right now about the battery life.At this point, I love this phone.I unlocked the phone and started customizing. Frankly, it is very addicting.I doubt you can do that with iphones.

I previously had the Galaxy S2 and I did a lot of research before buying this phone. I've had it for about 4 days now and so far I absolutely love it.  It's snappy and the battery life is better than it was with my GS2. Also, I find that ICS 4.x runs much better on this phone, which makes since considering the Nexus was made for ICS.Pros:-Gorgeous display, very vibrant colors-Good battery life-Easy to root (which you should do if you wanna get the most out of your phone)-Large screen size-Easy to useCons:-Stock launcher leaves something to be desired. I recommend rooting and using Nova launcher-LTE not available in all markets-No gorilla glassI give the phone a 9/10 rating. I would recommend it to anyone.

The Ice Cream Sandwich looks great, however the phone has major signal issues. The 4g drops and the 3g does not take over right away. There is a delay of sometimes several minutes with no data or voice options. Had to return the phones.

First of all this is DEVELOPERS phone. Meaning if you want it to work flawlessly, ya gotta do some tweaking. You want better battery life? Root the phone, try a custom ROM & Kernels. Or if you dont want to do that...Shut off GPS/Bluetooth when not in use. Dont let Google+ auto upload your pics (BIG battery drainer). Turn off sync, unless you find it necessary. Make sure you have "back up my data" option unchecked (another big drainer.) Try NOVA launcher, much better than stock.I get 24+ hours out of my normal battery with moderate use. I have NO signal issues at all. If you have bad battery life or poor signal, learn how to use the phone correctly. If you do know how and still have problems, bring it back for a new one. Simple.

I got this phone after having an iPhone 3GS on AT&T.; I was looking forward to Verizon 4G speed and reliable signal availability. The Nexus had problems right away. If 4G was on, the battery would drain in just a few hours, even if I wasn't actually using the phone for anything. And when I was using it, 4G would drop in and out, and while it was out there was no connection at all. The phone couldn't even be used as an alarm clock if 4G was left on; it would die before morning. Some have said you can't leave 4G on. I reject that position for two reasons. One, I'm paying for 4G. Two, my wife's HTC phone works fine on Verizon 4G. Her battery makes it through the day and she nevers turns 4G off. So a 4G phone should be capable of using 4G all day long.Amazon Wireless customer support was excellent and sent me a replacement. I used this for a week and through better power management, I was able to make the battery last overnight, but I had to leave 4G off and make sure to shut off wifi and GPS. And, just as before, when I tried to use 4G, it was unreliable.So while Ice Cream Sandwich is quite nice to use, this phone it not acceptable to me as a useful smartphone.Amazon Wireless was kind enough to send me a replacement Motorola Razr Maxx, which I'm hopeful will consistently offer me 4G service.

Whether this is a good phone or not, this phone has the crappiest case ever made on a phone. No matter how careful you are , you run the chance of bending the back cover when trying to remove it. Once the back cover is bent, it will not seat right back on the phone. Also, every time I answered a call my ear will touch the phone and hang up the call.  Once I returned the phone the Amazon representative said that I was banned from choosing another phone for one year. So if you don't chose to stay with the crap, they try to punish you for it. Wow that is sure good business. Verizon is also charging me 60 dollars for 3 calls even though I canceled within the 14 days. I hope your experience is better than mine.

IT is actually the OS giving all those problems.  Verizon and Google already announced that they will fix those problems with OS upgrade which means there shouldnt be any mechanical problems with the phone itself.  Well my phone is working w/o any problems.

The sound is poor not loud at all!. Battery gets very hot quickly with average use. To the point when you hold it up to your ear it could burn you. I have researched other reviews by owners of this phone that also state the battery gets very hot. I was told by Verizon that this is UNSAFE and indicates that something could "pop in the phone". These were the exact words of a Verizon rep. The display even when set to the brightest possible, is still kind of dim. The camera is bad too. Pictures are not CLEAR. If you've ever had a cell with an 8.0 mp camera, you WILL notice the vast difference. The phone also does not have a timer, which was something that was important for me as a user. Returned for a Motorola Razr Maxx, much better phone.Samsung Galaxy Nexus 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)

Screen scratched in a day. Other than that, one of the better phones for Android but nothing spectacular, there will be better by Q4.

Until a car dock is available for the Verizon LTE version of this phone, they get one star (Samsung is charging $50 for a piece of plastic that holds your phone *only* - no docking capabilities - what do you think those three pogo pins on the side are for!).  It is ridiculous that they've let the accessories lag way behind the production of the device.  No other phone unveiling has had such blatant lack of support for accessories.  I'd wait for the next ICS phone if you're considering buying.  Personally, I won't buy Samsung again.

I have been using Android since the HTC Hero came out in 2009, and I have to say this is the best Android phone to date. Ice Cream Sandwich really makes this phone into something very cool. After using this for a couple days, I can't imagine ever picking up another Android phone. It just won't be the same. Go stock 4.0 and ditch the skins.Here are my favorite parts about this phone:- Enough processing power and RAM to actually get things done- Ice Cream Sandwich: A new polished take on Android- Updates from Google to fix the bugs and annoyances. My last phone took 9 months to get the first update, and never got another- The screen: It is crisp and beautiful- Verizon 4G: So fast it is crazy!Negatives:- Battery life can suffer a bit with LTE. Just turn it off until you need it, or go with another non-LTE carrier for better battery life.- Some apps don't work with ICS yet. Should be fixed shortly.If you are going to get an Android phone, this is the one to get. I felt sorry for all the customers in the Verizon store buying other Android phones. The only other phone out there worth getting is the iPhone, but I prefer Android, and need a swappable battery for work, so this gets my vote.

Very slick phone, the Jelly Bean update made everything even smoother and Google Now was very neat.Unfortunately, the battery doesn't cut it. I found myself REQUIRED to charge it at my desk at work, leaving 4G LTE/wifi/GPS off, not syncing anything and leaving the screen at the minimum setting (or, blank-in-sunlight, as I like to call it). I even tried custom ROMs/kernels.Needless to say, the battery makes this otherwise wonderful phone a dumb phone. You just can't use it that much and have to disable a lot of the features.I ended up selling it after 6 months for something with a smaller screen and greater battery life. I regret purchasing this over the Razr MAX, which at the time didn't have an ICS update yet.

I waited and wanted this phone to be the end-all android device.  It's not.Good:(1)Large beautiful screen at higher brightnesses BUT not without issues, see Bad (1).(2)Thin and curvy design makes makes huge phone not feel so unwieldy.(3)Android 4.0 and get-it-first priority for future updates means you'll get the newest updates first over the next few years.  All without carrier or manufacturer bloatware.(4)Camera is VERY fast BUT not without issues, see Bad (2).Bad:(1)Grainy screen at low brightnesses. After research online, it seems to be a SuperAMOLED weakness that varies in severity between manufactured panels.  My Samsung Fascinate Galaxy S with SuperAMOLED screen showed NONE of this issue. The auto-brightness setting keeps it at a grainy brightness often and annoyingly.(2)This 5MP camera on the back just isn't very good.  I've taken many photos in the past 4 days of owning this phone, and none of them are stunning.(3)Sending audio through bluetooth to my car stereo resulted in a noisy, garbled experience that I won't do again for respect to the music. [EDIT: this may not be a bluetooth issue, as much as a signal issue.  Streaming Rhapsody either through wifi or 3G at standard bitrate sounds terrible, even forcing "HD" stream helped, but not much, and the songs continually pause every 15 - 20 seconds.  Even streaming music through Google Music is slow to load each track, if it even will load without a "must have connection to listen" error.](4))Loudspeaker is very quiet.  I had to install Volume+ just to make it loud enough to hear notifications in a crowded noisy room.  Unfortunately, now that it's loud enough to hear, it's so distorted and tinny, I don't want to listen to music over it, even in a quiet room.  Both my Moto Droid 1 and my Samsung Fascinate had much better speakers.All this being said, I'm looking to exchange it for something else.  Most professional reviews I've seen online ooh and ahh over Android 4.0 and make small mentions of the hardware shortcomings.  In 6 months time, the up-to-the-minute superphones, the Moto RAZR and HTC Rezound, will have Official 4.0, or ROMs of 4.0, and the Galaxy Nexus' shining attribute will be dissolved. At that point it'll be painfully obvious that beyond that 720P screen, this phone doesn't shine brighter than its competition.Based on hardware alone, the Galaxy Nexus is just an average phone with as many faults as successes.

Solid phone.  Just casting my vote.  Hundreds of other people have listed pros and cons, so why rehash what they've written?

I've only had this phone for a short time but I haven't had any issues so far with signal or data.  I am a light user so the battery is definitely not an issue for me.  I'm coming from the Droid X which I had no problems with.  This phone is much faster!  I did alot of research on my next phone and it came down to this or the Razr Max.  I chose this because of the developer support available which can help solve alot of the issues.  I upgraded through amazon wireless and when I received the phone I noticed right away that the botom right hand corner of the screen was discolored pink.  It was a 1 inch square area that stayed no matter what screen I cycled to.  I called Amazon Wireless help and they immediately agreed to send a replacement, all I have to do is send the old one back within 30 days return postage paid for by them.  I only wish that I had contacted them before wasting my time driving to a verizon store!

I got my Galaxy Nexus back in December during the initial launch. So after about 6 months with the phone, I feel I have a good understanding of its strengths and weaknesses.Strengths:It has ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) right out of the box. No need to wait for an update to get it. It's also a pure Google experience. While some manufacturer skins have a few nice aspects to them, in the end, a vanilla ICS experience is the best you can have. ICS has been optimized for the Galaxy Nexus so that should tell you right off the bat it's going to have solid performance. You also do not have to deal with the deluge of bloatware that comes already installed on a Motorola handset for example. I counted a total of 2 on my Verizon Nexus and they were both related to my Verizon account.ICS itself is a great strength. Easily the best iteration of the Android OS. The most polished and best functionality the OS has ever seen. From the ease of switching between apps, to the enhanced voice controls, ICS is as good as any competing OS. Another benefit for example, is being able to size widgets to your liking on the home screen.The screen is top notch. There is much debate over which display technology people prefer, Pentile vs. IPS, but the screen on the Galaxy Nexus, which is the former, looks great and has amazing viewing angles. Colors look nice and things really pop off the screen. The screen size is also a benefit too. While the handset itself is a bit on the bigger size, it's worth it to have a nice screen to watch videos, or play a game.The specs are another strength to the device. Dual core processor, 1 GB of RAM make the device sure to be able to handle the next version of Android, 5.0. Google has a habit of making sure the previous Nexus device is capable of handling the next version of the OS. Other handsets may not be compatible for future releases, but the Galaxy Nexus should be (I think it's a given) able to handle Android 5.0 when it's released in the Fall of 2012.The Phone is also very thin which is nice. It also gives you the option to remove the battery. Should you need to replace it, add in the extended version, or swap out for an extra charged one on the road, it all can be done.WeaknessesThe camera is not the best when compared to other handsets. It's only 5 MPs, and does not have the best sensor. The sensor matters more than MPs, but sadly the Galaxy Nexus comes up short in both areas. That's not to say the camera is awful, it certainly is not and it certainly is capable of taking some good shots, it's just not as good as the iPhone 4/4S, the Samsung Galaxy S2, or the HTC One X. The camera does have a very fast shutter, so taking multiple shots is very easy and you do not have to wait for the camera to be able to shoot again. The software is also top notch, a product of the vanilla ICS experience. Panorama mode is also a cool option for shots. The flash does work very well too. Personally, if I want to take great photos, I will use my digital camera.The phone can run a little hot at times. Many other handsets experience this. Sometimes I will notice it starting to heat up at random times. Nothing too big to worry about, things are just overheating. I usually taper off my use for a little while to let it settle down.Call quality can be dicey at times. Very phones can provide consistently solid quality and the Galaxy Nexus is no different.To some, especially those with small hands, the size of the phone might be a turnoff. It's no Droid Incredible, but it's also no Galaxy Note either.Overall this is a great handset. The vanilla/pure Google experience cannot be overstated enough. It is a great experience compared to the intrusive skins other manufacturers put onto their handsets. The strengths far out weigh the weaknesses. Between that, the top notch screen and the 32GB of internal storage, this device is tough to beat.

A phone with modern technology, however with the number of frustations, I probably would not buy this phone again.  I switched to the Galaxy from an iPhone 4, I think the full user experience on the iPhone 4 is still superior to this Android 4 phone.  Here are the pros and cons:Pros* Beautiful screen - the AMOLED screen has vibrant colors and deep blacks.  This makes for great display of information, whether your applications, looking at photos or watching movies.* 4G data - When the data connects, the 4G data services are smoking fast, faster than my broadband connection at home.  This makes it possible to download podcasts and music on the go and causes applications to update very fast.* Fast processor - The 1.2 Ghz dual-core processor allows for fast application processing and the ability to realistically multi-task on a mobile device.* Fast camera - The camera takes photos at near instant time.  Most cameras have a 4-5 second warm up time, then 2 seconds between photos.  Android 4 starts quickly and snaps instantly.  It's got a neat panorama feature as well.Cons* Battery life - The battery life is awful.  With 4G data enabled, I get a maximum of 4 hours out of the phone, limited to 3G data around 6 hours.  There has been too many occasions in the four months in owning this phone I've been out and couldn't communicate back with folks because the battery died.  I now carry two extra after-market batteries with me to prevent being without power in the future.  (Side thought: none of the after-market batteries have the antenna for the Near-Field Communications, so I can't use those functions with these batteries.  Verizon won't allow Google Wallet to load on this phone, so I guess it's a moot point anyways.  Bottom line - NFC not as accessible as marketed.)* Data connectivity - I have a lot of problems with data connectivity on this phone.  Living in the Washington, DC area, Verizon's home, I'm amongst a wealth of cell phone towers all across town.  The time to connect to data services (either 3G or 4G) is typically around 3 minutes.  Switching between 3G and 4G typically takes another 2 minutes.  There are times when the phone doesn't connect at all, in which I have to reboot to get the data services to connect.  Never had these problems (with 3G) with the iPhone 4 or Motorola Droid before it.  I'd be happy to disable 4G services if it would just connect faster (in fact, due to battery life, I mostly keep it on 3G, using 4G as a "luxury" when I need a large set of data to refresh).* Size - the phone is huge, it approaches the size of a "mini-tablet" opposed to a cell phone.  Very bulky in pants pockets (if it fits at all).  Good if you are watching movies on the phone, otherwise its a lot to carry around on the go.So while it's good to have the latest and greatest on this phone, the downsides equal out those advances, I'd likely go with another phone if I had to do it again.

I don't ever sit down to write reviews, but I'm so blown away by this phone I had to do this. I've owned and used a lot of cell phones in my life but the Galaxy Nexus is beyond anything I could have dreamed of. The look, feel, and function all blend together to give you the ultimate user experience.HardwarePros:Curved screen allows the massive screen to fit comfortably in your hand and makes it feel more snug against your face.Everything looks amazing on the the Super AMOLED screen. Although the screen may not be as bright as some, I actually prefer that because it still looks amazing in all lighting conditions, yet doesn't burn your retinas out when reading it in a dark room.Simply said 4G is blazing. Seeing how you're signing a 2 year contract on this phone, I think 4G is a MUST as 4G as is the new standard of mobile communications. You have to keep in mind LTE = Long Term Evolution, as in it's going to take some time until it's fully rolled out. 4G on this phone for means it's is ready for the future.I used to think Motorola phones always had the best call quality, not any more! Calls are crystal clear on both ends.The notification LED light is easy to see, pleasant to look at, has different colors for each notification (I use LightFlow to control the colors) just like my old BlackBerrys!ConBattery life. Because the battery is swappable, I recommend buying an extra battery (the extended-life one) and an external battery charger so you can just swap and go.SoftwareProsGoogle really hit one out of the park. So many good things I can't list them. Home screen, apps menus, widget and widget controls, address book, multi-tasking are all amazing to look at, while being extremely functional. The OS really lets the display shine, with full screen high resolution contact photos (when viewing a contact/caller ID), menu transitions, smart buttons, etc.GMail is as good as the desktop version, Google Talk Video Chat works very well while on 4G, Turn-by-Turn navigation, Google Music, Google+ all bring THE Cloud experience to you in the palm of your hand and it all flows together seamlessly and is fun to use. For the first time Android has the same feel as the iPhone in terms of a cohesive feel throughout, only Android does WAY more then iOS ever will.ConNot all third party software is ready for the OS, but all the ones I use have little to no issues.Bottom line is this is THE phone to own. Samsung and Google are blazing trails that a few years ago would have been deemed impossible. If you want a phone that's fun to use, does more then you can imagine, won't become out of date during your two year term look no further, the Galaxy Nexus is it!

Although i don't own this product, i've been considering purchasing it for some time now. In addition to its Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) support, NFC, and hardware specs, it is compatible with AT&T's 4G LTE network. As a graphic designer i've been looking for a device with a large screen so that i can work directly on my device, and the Nexus's stunning display suits that need perfectly.

Ok so this is more of a 3.5. And mind you, this is going to be LEGIT because I've had this device for almost a month.What I like a lot about the phone:1) Size of screen - very easy to read!2) ICS - very clean interface and runs smooth, not necessarily super intuitive, but very functional! I wish I could say I love the task manager button.. but I forget about it often. Honestly any task killer will do the job, without you swiping stuff away a billion times.3) Internal storage of 30 GB - yes i know this is a negative for some people, but for me I like it. I had like 60+ apps and some music and two movies on my phone and still had about 25 gb left. So trust me folks, storage will not be an issue!4) Led notifier - yes I know other phones have this. but man, the LED light on this thing is BRIGHT. And I like how you can customize the colors. Fantastic. Download Lightflow.5) Real-time voice to text - just fantastic. love seeing the text appear as you're speaking. very effective and fairly accurate!6) ICS keyboard - just great, you could blind type and do a pretty good job7) Updates from Google - a definite perkWhat I didn't like:1) Signal issues - There was a day where I didn't have service at all, and I live in a GOOD 4G and if not 4G, at least a solidly good signal area. I'm near the heart of Los Angeles for goodness sake! So that one day I was curious why I wasn't getting any calls or msgs. Shame on me for not checking if signal had come back on, after a reboot, I just assumed it'd come back on.. but it didn't. Later on in the evening, I rebooted again and a stream of msgs and voicemail came in. Imagine my horror. I'm really tired of seeing "no service" on the phone. The whole point of a "phone" is well, to know that you can use it reliably as a phone since that is its primary purpose. I'd have to say this was one of my deal breakers..2) Camera - Yes no shutter lag is awesome, but the quality of the photos.. not so much, unfortunately. For me the camera matters. I don't always have my point and shoot digital camera on me..and I want to be able to know that when I have to take a picture on the fly..that it will still be a GOOD picture. The picture quality is just not great, especially poor under low light conditions. And the quick shutter lag does not compensate for the poor focus. What's the point of taking lots of pictures quickly if only a few actually turn out clear? I'm hoping for all you nexus owners out there that a solid update will come out that improves the camera. For me, I just can't wait forever for it.. and even with third party apps..doesn't help all that much. I'm of the mindset that you shouldn't buy a device to wait for the good things that are to come.. you should buy it because it's good and you love it..RIGHT NOW. That's my philosophy.3) this is strictly for me - The Size: Make sure you go into a store first and try it out for a WHILE before you get it. I did this too, I went into numerous verizon stores and held the phone. I thought it was going to be OK. But after I got it, and started using it, and time went on.. over the course of a month, I realized this phone was just too big. I wouldn't say my hands are tiny though, but the phone just didn't feel as good in the hand to me.4) To some extent - the build quality - This is not a "cheap" phone but I realized I liked the feel of an HTC phone better. This phone is very light and coupled with the fact that it sometimes felt a bit too big for me despite me liking the large screen, I was TERRIFIED of dropping it. I felt like the back would pop up right away if I dropped it, and I was scared of the screen scratching or breaking too, even though from what I've read, the screen is pretty hardy. Still, it's about the feel.. and to me, it felt too delicate (and yes coupled with the fact that because sometimes it felt just a *little too big for one hand, made me feel like I didn't have a good grip!). I knew I would need a case for this phone, and that would make it EVEN BIGGER. That's when I knew that I couldn't stay with it for two years..a phone had got to feel good in YOUR hand.4) Speaker volume - too soft. seriously. I downloaded volume + which helped a little bit. but then the sound sometimes felt a bit distorted. I'm a media person. I like watching videos and listening to music, and I like showing them to friends too. I need a solid media device and the speaker volume was just too low. Also sometimes it was hard to hear my phone ringing. Again, these are basic things crucial to being a PHONE first and foremost.5) Sync and compatibility with apps - ICS is new, I get it. But know that you will deal with some sync and compatibility issues since not everything is compatible yet with ICS6) Battery life - my goodness, with some fairly moderate to heavy use, the phone could die in about 4 hours or so. Not cool. And I did test this. I had a charger in the car and on some days, I just didn't use it. The battery died quite quickly. I will say that if you condition the battery through a couple full cycle charges, it does get better. But still not what I would say good battery life.7) Slight lag - hitting the home screen from an app, the screen freezes and is blank for a sec or two, and then the apps appear. Didn't like seeing that at all.. I thought this device was supposed to be completely optimized for ICS and run with no lag. But I will say that I thought that it was a bit laggy at times..and also within the first few weeks of me using it, it did randomly reboot a couple times. Sometimes from an app, other times just random.So yes, my primary dealbreaker was the signal issue, followed by camera, and definitely just the feel/build quality of the device. Battery life was a concern too. I returned the Nexus for the Rezound, which honestly was probably a better fit for me in the first place. I was torn between the two, I ordered the Nexus first since I had been waiting for it. And although I genuinely liked the phone (primarily because the screen was huge), I knew that I wouldn't be happy for TWO years with it. And I gave it a chance, for sure. Seriously, a phone is a big investment. As a techie, the two important devices in my life are my phone and laptop. I spent alot of time doing research for both. I know that I can also root and unlock, etc. But I'd like a phone to work pretty darn well outside of the box too because not everyone has the time to flash ROMs and constantly change up everything about your phone. I know the phone will be good for a while in terms of software because of timely updates from Google. Hardware is not so easy to change/update. And as I said before, I'm buying a product for the NOW too, not just the future. I will be returning the Nexus for the Rezound, which just arrived the other day. Having used both phones now, I made the right choice for me. Make the right choice for you!P.S. So thankful for Amazon Wireless, they did a one-time exchange for me, which was a wonderfully smooth process. Keep those reps employed, they are great.. best customer service!

[...]Read the forums about the "one-way call audio" issue. If you plan on using this for calls at all please educate yourself on this phone. Otherwise it is an amazing PDA. Software fix not due out until March! Yes there are newer phones, but not ICS phones!! So, why the low price??? This is supposed to be the greatest thing out there. Something is fishy!!

This is my first android (first smartphone really) and I have to say that I am thoroughly impressed. It is very fast and everything seems very smooth. My biggest concern was the battery life and I have not had a problem so far! Granted, I got the extended battery but for the first day today I put my phone throuh A TON of activity and it has lasted over 10 1/2 hours! That is great battery life in my opinion. I also never had to disable data or continous syncing or any refresh of anything. Great phone all around! Very impressed. Don't hesitate to buy!

DISCLAIMER: I'm not an android fanboy. I'm an android enthusiast. I love most everything Google does. I can go on and on and on about what I like and what I don't like about android but since this is supposed to be a review of the Samsung Galaxy Nexus Phone on Verizon... I'll stick to the relevant points only and try to keep this review as objective as possible.I have been using my Verizon Galaxy Nexus since last 8 months. In that period, my phone was upgraded from 4.0 (ice cream sandwich) to 4.1 (jelly bean). I used to like my phone when it had ICS, I like it slightly more now since it got upgraded to jelly bean. This is my first 'nexus' phone. I used EVO 3D before this, and EVO 4G before that. So this is also my first Samsung phone.As far as the hardware fit and finish is concerned, I have no complaints from this phone. Both my previous HTC phones would show light bleed from the edges of the screen... not an issue here. Also, the battery cover mechanism of Galaxy Nexus is much better than both my previous phones. I love that I can take the battery out (if need be) easily but as soon as I snap the battery cover back in place, this phone feels as compact and as sturdy as something that doesn't have removable battery (say iPhone). This phone has been dropped on more than one occasion (I have a one year old) but it seems to handle those well.I like the screen size (4.65 inches) and the pixel density (316 ppi). I do not like that the screen is non-LCD because under 'automatic brightness' settings, whites do not appear as whites! This was never the case with my previous HTC phones. I also do not like the on-screen navigation buttons because they reduce the effective screen size. Now I agree that the on-screen navigation buttons disappear when I'm watching videos on youtube, thereby giving me the full enjoyment of my 4.65 inch screen... but they do not disappear when I'm watching videos on vimeo. More importantly, they do not disappear when I'm playing games. While playing games, it is very easy to accidentally hit the on-screen home button than a physical home button, thereby ending my game without saving it. I understand that Google wanted to go the route of having the navigational buttons on-screen because it wanted to provide a uniform user experience to the end user across all the devices from different manufacturers. But what it ended up doing was that I have to carry a larger phone and I get to enjoy a smaller (effective) screen. The Samsung Galaxy S3 for example is slightly smaller than the Galaxy Nexus but provides a larger screen (4.8 inches)!Listening to music on this phone when not using headphones (using the phone's in-built speaker) is not loud enough. I'm again comparing this with my previous HTC phones, both of which were amply loud. Once you place the phone inside a cup though, the volume magnifies as the cup acts as an amplifier by distributing the sound waves in one single direction (found this on lifehacker dot com).Camera on this phone is acceptable. Outdoor photos are nice. Indoor photos are acceptable. It does record videos at 1080p but can not keep up with moving subjects very well... I notice a lot of screen skipping when watching 1080p videos of my 1 year old.Battery life seems to be okay as long as you don't encounter any "Mobile Network Signal" red bands. I don't know what else to call it, but you can find this in the battery settings, click on the chart and it will show you all the various programs that used your battery. I have noticed that every once in a while, my phone will lose almost 50%-70% of its battery life in less than an hour when it was simply sitting on my desk. And when I dig into the battery settings, I always find this "Mobile Network Signal" showing as red for the time interval when my battery life was dropping like a rock. I have googled this but have not found a reason or resolution. On the bright side though, this happens less frequently now than it used to happen back in March 2012.I love the new 4.2 jelly bean feature 'Google Now'. Google Now shows me situational cards in the notification area... for example, when I'm getting ready for work in the morning... it will appear in my notification area and inform me about the estimated time it will take me to reach work based on current traffic conditions. Similarly, it will pop-up in the evening informing me about current traffic conditions on my way to home. And what I like here is that I never entered information about what time I leave for work or come home or where my work address is? Google Now observed my behavior for a few days and started appearing in my notifications area on its own. Google Now also scans through my emails (100s of emails I might add) and picks the ones that contain any shipping tracking numbers or flight confirmations or hotel reservations and then capture that information into a Google Now card and display it in my notification area and allow me to take action (track an order for example). This is much easier then having to open gmail, searching for that order shipping notification email, then clicking on the tracking number. I can disable Google Now very easily if I don't want it. But I like it so far... this is what the future should be like. You can also ask Google Now questions about the distance from moon and weight of earth and meaning of life and stuff (aka Siri) but I never cared to do that. Because I already know all those things.So to summarize, I like my Verizon Galaxy Nexus but I'm not in love with it. Most of my complaints about this phone are related to Android and/or Verizon. I'm done with Nexus devices though... although I think that this was a very noble idea by Google, implementing it in the real world was not completely in their hands and it shows. My next phone will be the new LG Optimus G on Sprint. Am I done with Samsung? Not at all. I love my Samsung TV and I will be buying the next version of Samsung note tablet. Am I done with Verizon? Probably yes.

Everything about it is wonderful.The call quality is Crystal clear. Coming from my thunderbolt, I've  several people make comments about how clear calls are, and I have noticed that wind noise is never a problem, as I often talk on my phone outside.The pure ice cream sandwich os is really wonderful. It's uncluttered and intuitive to use. I know lots of phones on the market right now have this os, and I haven't spent any time with the s3, but the interface is relaxing and beautiful.As far as connectivity issues, I haven't had a single problem. However, I am on WiFi almost all day.My one regret is buying this phone on Verizon. The  dock difficulties and the delayed jelly bean are both sort of disappointing, but clinging to my unlimited data plan and Verizon's great coverage lead me to stay.

Just got this phone. Only cost me a penny and I already love it. Screen resolution is great and feels really comfortable in the hand. Upgraded from the galaxy s2. Will never go back.

Pros:- Large screen with nice resolution, easy to read text and see pictures- Great for photos, autofocus is great, picture adjustment options, intuitive and easy to use- Almost never locks-up or runs slowly, even on WiFi, with several browser windows open- Battery lasts about ~1 day with browsing internet, uploading photos, taking photos pretty regularly throughout the day- Wide variety of applications to install from Google Play, easy installation and opening- Great interface, easy to use, intuitive- Thin enough to fit easily into pants pocket, even with my rubber casingCons:- For those with small hands, some difficulty with using the phone with one hand - I often dropped the phone initially; get a screen protector/casing if you have small hands! Easily "slips" out of the hand if you don't have a rubbery type grip casing- Standard ringtone selection is mostly soft and soothing, but only a few are loud enough to hear in a crowded room or on the bus/tram. Can be easily solved by installing other ringtones.

I upgraded from an early Android phone and was being pretty selective replacing a 3yr old phone that I loved. A review on msn intrigued me about this phone as a best "top ten phones to consider". Now after 2 weeks..I can say...I have ZERO regrets whatsoever!  Buy this and be Wowed!! Battery issues: maybe 10% less than my previous phone..no big deal. I use this in business allot and find it very fast with all the document readers preloaded..a plus. Already had a system update, and went flawless

There are tons of good smart phones on the market. Droid Razr, iPhone 4s to name a few...This phone is different. Before I start, I have used the iPhone and have used Android ever since the Nexus One.First off, the pros:Screen: The screen is THE BEST screen I have ever seen on a device besides an HDTV. As I type this review, you will not find another phone with this perfect of a screen. Samsung always makes pretty good displays, but this 720x1280 Super AMOLED HD screen is off the charts. iPhone 4s has a pretty amazing screen, and this one is tons better. Colors are pure, black and whites are solid, and everything is so vividly portrayed on this 4.65 inch display. Next...Ice Cream Sandwich: This OS is AWESOME. So much better than Gingerbread, it's not even funny. This is comparable to the leap that Android took with 2.1 and the Nexus One. The Nexus S (predecessor) wasn't very much of a leap at all, so I had a feeling this Nexus phone would jump pretty far ahead, and it did. If you don't know, the Nexus phones always come with a debut OS before any other Android device, and is usually pure Android, which is my favorite kind of Android. The animations are so rich and creamy, I feel really elegant with this device. The ways that ICS makes everything so easy tops Gingerbread in every way. Face Unlock, contrary to what others might say, is actually pretty useful, and if you can't unlock it with your own face, you have a back-up way of unlocking e.g. pattern, code... Next...Camera: This kind of goes with the OS but others might integrate their own camera in their User Interface. The STOCK ICS camera has improved SO MUCH. The cameras are shot instantly; no more waiting a couple seconds to shoot another pic. They added Panorama view, which actually works A LOT better than I expected. The different settings and tweaks you have to make the picture better are awesome. Touch to focus, red-eye remover, they all work damn good. Next...Multi-tasking: This also goes with the new OS, but it is so good that it will have its own category in my review. There are new soft buttons on the bottom, no hardware buttons to be seen. I have been waiting for this to happen. Contrary to popular pre-beliefs, the software buttons are RESPONSIVE, CONVENIENT, and BEAUTIFUL.They will pick up the slightest touch. Also, when going into landscape mode, many of the applications will allow the buttons to disappear giving the screen MORE SPACE. This is awesome on many levels. When touching them, they will animate very elegantly, with that ICS blue-ish color coming and going.There are many great points to this phone that I do not have time to mention. They outweigh the cons (very few) tremendously.Cons: The volume is not as high as some other phones. It is not TOO low, but it is not a volume intensified phone. This will differ depending on your uses. For me, it is bearable.That's it!!!!ONE MORE THING: For those who complain about battery life. Here is a link to my blog that will explain how to CONDITION YOUR BATTERY:[...] People complain about battery; however, this phone uses 4G LTE, has a gorgeous HD screen with as many pixels as an HDTV, and has a dual core 1.2 GHz processor. What do you expect? Besides, my blog will show you how to increase your battery life significantly within a couple weeks. So, I don't consider the poor battery life a con at all. My battery went from 10 hours to 14 hours within a week and a half. I am confident that I will be able to get 20 hours after conditioning, and maybe even 4 more hours once Google starts updating the phone. After all, it is a Google phone and will ALWAYS get the updates first.Enjoy.

I broke my Samsung Stratosphere by dropping it while walking, and thus had to get a new phone.  Well, I decided to spring a few extra bucks for this guy.  I'm really glad I did!  I thought that getting used to a pure touch-screen interface would take a while (I bought the Stratosphere because of the slide-out keyboard,) but it didn't.  I would say I had pretty much adapted within an hour or two!This phone came with Ice Cream Sandwich, which is a tremendous upgrade over the Gingerbread OS that I was used to.  Things seem much more refined. It looks like us Nexus users will be getting Jelly Bean in a week or so, which I'm looking forward to checking out.Now onto some thoughts about the phone itself  Even though it has a huge screen, it's pretty light weight and feels very balanced in your hand.  The slightly concave screen makes for easier interaction with the touch screen.  The AMOLED display is AMAZING!  I have a much easier time reading smaller text on this than I do on my friends iPhone. The battery life leaves some to be desired.  I could make it through most of the day, so long as I put it on the car charger to-and-from work.  Picking up an extended battery is recommended for those who don't like charging their phone during the day.As far as storage, this guy comes with 32GB of non-expandable internal storage.  Since it's such a large amount, the non-expandable part ends up not mattering much to me.  I've put plenty of music on this device, and I still have plenty more space!While I'm not one to purchase a phone FOR the camera, having a nice one is certainly a nice perk.  The camera here is 5 megapixels, and it's wicked fast!  It'll snap off shots nearly as fast as you can tap!  The picture quality seems to be great, if you're in ideal lighting situations, and just OK in non-ideal settings (I'd be upset if this were only a camera, but it's so much more!)When it comes to the actual phone part, I have absolutely no complaints!  Only praise!  Call quality is great.  I haven't had any problems with getting signal in places I'd expect to get signal.  Since the 4G in my area is strong, I haven't had any issues with internet connectivity.Ultimately, I highly recommend this for anyone looking for an Android device through Verizon!**************************************************************************************************************Personally Recommended Accessories:Diztronic TPU case - adds minimal bulk/weight to the phone; good protection; Revision 3 took care of the issues with the cutouts for the buttons.Samsung Extended Battery (2100 mAh) - Adds minimal bulk/weight to the phone.  Allows one to go all day with medium to medium-heavy use without charging.ArmorSuit Screen Protector - A wet-apply screen protector.  ArmorSuit makes a high quality/high performance screen protector (I even use them on my PS Vita!)**************************************************************************************************************

This phone has a lot of really good features. The screen is brilliant, the phone itself is sleek, and Ice Cream Sandwich is a definite improvement. However, it fails in the most basic ways. Signal strength is unpredictable. I've been a Verizon customer for almost ten years, and I've never had a phone drop service so often as this one does. The data connection is even less reliable. Often times, it's impossible to check anything quickly on this phone because it takes so long to establish a 3G or 4G connection. Sound quality is mediocre at best. Battery life is abysmal, even when 4G is turned off - I realize that's to be expected from a smartphone, but this phone takes it to a new level. According to Verizon, the signal issues were supposed to be addressed with the last software update, but that did nothing. Knowing what I know now, I would never recommend this phone to anyone.

25 months in the Smartphone arena is more than a lifetime - I went from a Blackberry to the OG Droid in November of 2009.  No real complaints about the OG Droid, it was simply well used and abused, and ready to retire.  I choose the Galaxy Nexus based on the high anticipation, European-version reviews, and finally the official LTE reviews from numerous sources.  I wasn't looking for perfection but this phone comes pretty darn close.  Below are my findings, including a perspective on some of the potential negatives:Display - Wow, it's beautiful.  I've read complaints about over-saturation and as an amateur photographer, I have a good eye for color.  That said, I am quite pleased with this display and find the rich colors delightful, and the blacks inky like e-ink.  If I want absolute accurate color, I'll be looking at a high-end desktop monitor using Lightroom, not my smartphone.  The viewing angle is a huge improvement over older phones too.  And the 4.65" size is so choice.  As others have noted, some of that is lost during normal use due to the virtual menus but it's such a big screen, you'll be fine.  During movies it auto-hides.Size - I'm over 6 feet and have "L" hands.  I can't palm a basketball very well to put my hand size in perspective.  All that said, I have no issues at all with the size and find the gentle curves and textured back quite comfortable.  I can use the device with one hand when needed, though I must say even with my OG Droid I tended to use two.  In my front jean pockets, it fits fine and I think the curved glass helps a bit.  So while yes, this is one of the largest smartphones on the market, it is quite usable.  Would I size down and give up all that screen real estate, no way!  But to each is own and for heavy one handed or smaller users, it may make sense to try in the store and compare to smaller form factors.  One other point:  While the Galaxy Nexus is not the thinnest phone out there, at 9mm, it is still quite thin.  To put it in perspective, my OG droid was around 14mm.  I held the Droid RAZR several times and found the design striking but not particularly comfortable to hold.  It was wide, with sharp angles and top heavy.  I also picked up the HTC Rezound and found it quite comfortable despite its relative girth.  I personally think thinness is overated and contour/ergonomics are more important.Battery - This is probably the biggest letdown.  Even though I was eligible for an upgrade when the first batch of LTE phones came to Verizon, I didn't want the bad battery life associated with those.  I've only had the phone for a few days and admittedly have used it quite heavily during that time.  But based on my early experience, I plan on carrying a charger or spare batteries with me during the day.  I think it will make it through the day with very light usage (I'll get there eventually when I'm done playing and configuring :).  But if you plan on navigating, watching videos, or otherwise just having the screen on a lot, plan on having backup juice.  I found these 3rd party batteries and charger on Amazon:  [...]  Note they do not have NFC built in but otherwise should work fine and serve well as backup batteries in my bag.  Finally, I am hopeful (no knowledge to go on) that as Android 4.0/ICS is updated, users will see battery life improvements.  If not, this will be the one strike against the GN.Performance - I don't know what to say here other than it does everything I ask it very quickly.  It's faster than my wife's Incredible 2 and night & day from my OG Droid.  As long as it stays that way with future software updates, I'll be happy.Software - Much has been written about Ice Cream Sandwich / Android 4.0.  If you're an Android user, you'll quickly figure it out and love the tons of upgrades.  I really appreciate the ability to customize my device as compared to the arguably more polished but locked down iOS.  That's a personal preference though, and I'd probably buy my parents an iPhone.  But for me, it's all Android.  A case in point:  Verizon didn't want to offer Google Wallet (NFC/wireless payment enabled) on this phone because Verizon is launching its own payment system shortly.  But being an Android phone, within 3 days of release, somebody had already offered up an installable version (no rooting required) that works perfectly.  That experience would never happen in the iOS world.  In summary, Android users need this upgrade and will love it.  Others need to decide what's right for them.Conclusion - I simply love this phone like no other.  It is so capable and a real pleasure to use.  My one complaint is the battery life, which is less than ideal, but something I'm willing to put up with to have this much phone in my hand.UPDATE:  I decided to install Juice Defender Ultimate ($5 marketplace), which I had purchased for my OG Droid.  Today, that has clearly made a big difference.  With very moderate settings, I am at 8 hours unplugged and still have 70% juice left.  That's with normal use of checking emails and other apps approx 3X/hour.  So with this trend, I can easily make it through a 16 hour day unplugged.  The only negative is when the screen is first turned on, it takes about 3-5 seconds to establish data connection.  Something I can live with.UPDATE 2:  The LTE speeds are blowing me away.  With 3 plus bars at home, I'm seeing 8-15mbs down and up.  With lower bars at my office, I'm seeing typical speeds of 5-8mbs down and 8-10 mbs up.  Latency is around 50-70 ms.

I bought this in early march as soon as I qualified for an upgrade from Verizon. I have not rooted, modded or otherwise re-ROMed it so far as I wanted to use it like some kind of normal for a while (perspective is sometimes good for a power user/geek).My prior phone was an HTC incredible, purchased in July 2010 so that is the main Android phone I have to compare this to. I never owned an iPhone or other smart phone (unless you count blackberry but lets not count that).OS/Software:I actually do enjoy Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS) complete with "soft buttons". As with my Incredible I don't think I have really utilized every possible feature of the OS, only the essentials of what I use on a daily basis. Which, thanks to converting my old Incredible into a ancillary device, is relatively little. I have actually had some issues getting this thing to switch to landscape view for whatever reason. Seems to take some patients. Not sure if that is a hardware thing or a software thing. When it does finally switch orientations the soft buttons actually shift to the side and then move back when I switch back to portrait (I was entertained by this for some reason). There is this little task list feature that shows all the most recently opened apps kind like a 2D version of Expose or that 3D thing that Windows 7 has. As with prior versions of Android it has "live wall paper" which I never saw the point of and widgets which are probably useful but never seem to remember to use. The on widget I did try to use was the weather one and even that won't work unless GPS is turned on and getting a signal. Being in a basement all day I have relatively little use for a location-dependent-anything.This phone came with remarkably little non-removable OEM software. Personally I don't much care about that since I am planning to install a new ROM anyway but I'm glad to see so little of it.Use Case...Possibly the most significant thing I did with my Incredible was use one location tracking app or another to track my progress/distance while bike riding or walking (right now Allsport GPS is my app of choice for this). In the two years of Incredible ownership and year+ of using Allsport the Incredible never shutdown or rebooted itself while that app was running. Yet for whatever reason the Nexus Galaxy very consistently reboots itself while using Allsport. I even took off the rubber case and tried, thinking maybe the case was causing the unit to over-heat but it still rebooted itself. So either I have a lemon or it just can't handle running GPS for more than 45 minutes or so. I haven't tested this with Google Navigator yet to really conclusively say it's the phone as root of the issue (since the incredible is still running it perfectly I'm fairly certain it is a Nexus issue).Network Speed...One funny thing about me personally: I have left the LTE/4G toggled off for as long as I have had it:- I have read the hand off between 3G/4G can be less-than-smooth(haven't come across it myself since I leave LTE disabled),- I have also read LTE really drains the battery (again, haven't run into this first-hand)- Finally, I work in the basement of a hospital which already has little to no signal so there's really no reason to let it sit there and try to get an LTE signal if there's no signal to get (presumably this would further drain the battery as well).Besides all that I have never really run into any issues with the speed of 3G and downloading (and don't really have any need to legitimately/not legitimately tether anything to my phone). 3G has always been fine for Pandora and google navigator for instance. I did do some 4G speed tests in the nearest big city (Sacramento, CA) and got up to 10Mbps down, though that obviously will vary widely (still impressive). For comparison the local AT&T; DSL at best gets 6.5Mbps (though with much better latency).The "Phone Part"Since this incredible piece of technology apparently also doubles as a phone I should probably mention my experience with that: as mentioned I work in a basement and almost always have between no bars and two bars, which is pretty impressive as I would expect it to always be zero. I have noticed callers seem quite annoyed with the call quality when I put them speaker phone (but don't complain when off speaker). Perhaps that can be fixed with a firmware update/alternate ROM/next minor update to ICS (at least I'm hoping).The Hardware:I have really large hands or at least larger than average. The HTC Incredible, a great phone, is too small for clown hands so I was happy to get something so much larger. It still fits some-what comfortably in my jean pockets though you can tell I've got a big phone in my pocket. Web browsing is finally readable, my thumbs can reach across the screen comfortable, I really have no complaints.The battery:I should perhaps mention first thing I ordered with this phone was an extended life battery as that is what I do with all my phones now. Some people instead just have six batteries with them at all times, but I get an extended one and hope for the best. In fact I never even took the stock battery out of the packaging. With that in mind...I have yet to completely drain the battery to zero but then I have yet to spend two hours using Google navigator while listen to Pandora and talking to someone over Bluetooth for multiple hours at a time (I wouldn't recommend this anyway). I try to leave services I know I'm not going to use disabled to try and get as much battery as I can, as general rule.  I charge it over night and it always lasts the whole day, using it relatively little.The Camera(s):I have yet to fully utilize the camera on this thing but of the few I've taken they have looked worlds more sharp then that of the Incredible. I also quite enjoy the non-existent pause between pictures (I can rapidly tap the take picture button to get almost little 1 fps thing going for those toddlers who won't hold still). I haven't used the front facing camera yet as I have never needed to make that kind of a call before (and of the few people I know who also have front-facing cameras I don't think any of them would want to try it).Overall:When I was trying to decide on phone it came down to the Galaxy Nexus and the Droid Razr Maxx and I think I'm glad I went with this one. It would be nice to not have to depend on my old Incredible for tracking bike riding distance but I have it with my anyway as an mp3 player. I went with the Galaxy over the Razr because I liked the idea of native ICS support and being the current flagship Android phone (at least when I bought it) the assumption was the updates would continue to roll out to this device before all others.Update July 2012:Since writing this review I have added theSamsung Stereo Clip-On Bluetooth Headset for Samsung HS3000 - Retail Packaging - Blackfor listening to podcasts and answering calls. I also started listening to podcasts, and have switched to Endomondo for tracking my bike riding and walking (just today I listened to iheartradio over bluetooth with GPS going for two hours: the battery was around 17%...which I think is impressive). In other words I have effectively turned this into the all-in-device I have always wanted.One note: Endomondo does not reboot the phone after extended lengths of time (I've used for 3+ hours straight) so I'm concluding the issue mentioned above was with the Allsport GPS, not with the phone.

Let's get to the point here. This is the Phone. The Epitome. I've got 3 devices I connect to it, XBOX 360, Ipad 2, and my PC... it trumps them. It provides them internet. It does everything a phone is suppose to do perfectly, and whatever the hell else you want it to do. Great for a developer like me, and entertainment along with camera are superb. Hands down the best phone you can buy. Crushes the Razr. Period.

I have had this phone for a little over a month. Recently I was given an iPhone 4S and figured I would give an honest review between the two.The Galaxy Nexus has it on both screen size and quality. The Nexus just blows away the iPhone on screen quality - just amazingly clear.ICS versus iOS - Got to give it to Google, things are integrated without me even thinking about it--amazingly intuitive user interface.  It also makes the IOS so bland, which surprised me because I was impressed with the iPhone interface when it first came out.  ICS is just so nice (and way more stable than previous versions of Android).  I am also concerned about the limited amount of pages on the iOS -- where am I going to put my apps? (Maybe there is something to extend this?)Widgets - enough said, not available on the iPhone. Not a big deal though because there are only a couple I really use. Still nice.Apps - I was surprised on this one. Some of the free apps I used on the Android platform did not have as many levels or features when used on the iPhone... strange. iPhone users more likely to pay? There are a few apps that just work better on the iPhone, such as the Stock and Weather apps. For some reason my weather widget on the Nexus will not have data available a good amount of the time.I kept thinking that the number of Apps on iTunes would tip the scales in favor of the iPhone, but not really. All the good ones are available in the Android market.  I also noticed several reviews on the iTunes site about crashing apps, which I would have figured Apple's control over iOS and apps would prevent.Build - I have to give it to the iPhone. I have been so afraid I am going to flex the Nexus and crack the screen when I place it in my pocket. Also, the battery cover is just plain flimsy/a joke.  The iPhone at least feels solid - let's see over time.I am sure I am leaving out a lot of details, but let me put it this way - if you are trying to decide between the two platforms, the Nexus is a much nicer way to go. Under my circumstances I will have to give up my Nexus and keep the iPhone - and I am really depressed about that. I had been looking forward to the iPhone and Siri - but in the end I would have much rather have kept my Nexus.

For any of all of those who have suffered with Samsung Nexus 4G dropped calls, connectivity issues, random shutdowns, camera freezes, and other mystery signal loss read on.  I'm on my 3rd replacement phone from Verizon who refuses to acknowledge there is ANY problem with the phone.  They are great at playing dumb.  Alas, I lose radio (phone) connection AT MINIMUM a dozen times a week.  For those running a business by phone this is a death sentence.  Customers comment "wow what carrier do you have?  I'm never going with them."  This phone does the advanced operations fairly well, BUT it's most basic function and reason for existing, i.e. making and keeping phone calls it FAILS with epic proportions.  Don't let the glammy, glitzy, 4.5" screen and graphics fool you.If Verizon actually operated with some integrity and balls and said, "yes it's a known firmware/hardware issue with our CDMA/LTE network, we are working on a fix" then I could retain a shred of respect for them.  However, they continually deny any issue exists, and customer service happily reads from their prepared script, "well I have this phone and it works great..."  Sadly, the LTE/CDMA radio switching problem (i.e. your recipient can't hear a word you say suddenly) is WELL DOCUMENTED in many popular forums, but it will not show on the carrier dropped call report they keep on file with each registered phone.  IT's not a dropped call, it's total loss of radio signal.  Keeping the phone on 3G/CDMA does not fix the issue.  Alas, why would you buy a 4G phone and switch 4G off just for it to work?  Would you buy a Corvette only to drive it in 3rd gear?  EFF NO!The final dagger was last week when I finally convinced Customer Service over the 800 number to switch out the Nexus for a Razor.  Although they would not waive the $12 overnight fee - I had to pay that else wait a week for shipping by Snail Mail.  4 hours later I received a call from "The Shipping Department" that said my Razor order was refused "By the System" and I would be getting a refurbished (i.e. defunct) Nexus.  WTF Over?  I called Customer Service and they said "The System" would not allow a switch with another model.  Regardless of industry, company, product, etc. whenever I'm told "The System" won't allow it, as if computers run the people at Verizon, then I'm done with their company and product FOREVER.It's been 5 trips to my local Verizon store, plus 5 more painful looooooong, put on hold 'We're experienced high call volume' BS 800 number calls with V.  I'm now working on getting a total refund, launching this shiny POS phone, and walking away permanently from Verizon.  Releasing a flawed phone, collecting customer's money for that phone, then failing to acknowledge a common problem and offering a defective replacement should send you running for Apple, or another respectable manufacturer and carrier.  Need more proof??  Just look at the other 1 star reviews on this phone.

My wife and I got this phone 2 months back and now we both are repenting it. Our brand new phones had hardware issues - my phone's speakerphone sound was cracking and my wife's phone was dropping calls very frequently and randomly. So, we called Verizon to get our phone swapped and we ended up getting refurbished phones as replacements. Within a week after starting to use our replacement phones, both the phones have started to reboot randomly - both while in use and also while in idle state. I called Verizon again today and now we will get yet another pair of refurbished phones as replacements. I am so sick of having to swap phones. I just wish I never bought this one. Google/Samsung/Verizon simply dont seem to get their acts together.And btw, this is not just one isolated problem. This phone is having too many problems with too many users. Just Google a bit and you would realize its best to avoid spending money on this phone.
