
If you are looking for a seller to buy the unlocked International version of the Samsung Galaxy Note from I highly recommend buying from Global Mobiles/TRD-Trading GmbH fulfilled by Amazon.  The phone was brand new and factory sealed unlike some other sellers who try to sell refurbished phones as brand new in an unsealed box with missing components like headphones and power adapters.  My phone was in German when turned on for the first time but not a problem considering the seller was thoughtful enough to leave documentation of how to change languages and set up APNs - very easy to change.  Also, this seller shipped very fast and addressed my questions and concerns.  My phone is excellent - everything appears to be functioning perfectly though I've only had the phone for three days I can't put it down it is such an awesome phone and fun to use.  Unfortunately, Ice Cream Sandwich is not available for this phone but should be coming in the next month or two hopefully.  I also highly recommend an inexpensive thin/non-bulky TPU case made by Diztronic - nice because the buttons aren't covered up which could make pressing them awkward; I also bought a hard candy case from Speck but found it to be too bulky for pockets and the buttons are covered.  I also recommend the Ultra Oleophobic screen protectors from Spigen SGP.  Oh yeah, I put a Straight Talk/AT&T SIM in the phone and now have unlimited everything for $45/mo!  This phone is not an LTE phone like the AT&T branded phone, however, with the prepaid provider I have I'm getting up to 2100-4200 kbps down and 300-1700 up on HSPA+, HSPA, or 3G.  Not bad at all!

Everywhere I go,,People ask me is that a Phone..And when I tell them "Yes", The next reply is "Wow", I want one...When I first got this phone, My first thought was it was a Pretty Big Screen for a Phone..But now having it for 4month's, I would not trade it for nothing..Not even the Iphone S, (Which I had before the Galaxy). The Display Is Great for Movies & Game's. And the Sound is Another Plus for me. Only negative thing on the phone is the battery, I usually can't get thru a full day without having to charge...But other than that,,I love It!!!!It's a Must on anyone's List!!!

The smartphone tablet Samsumg Galaxy Note is agreat product excellent performance and definitely great graphics Recomended for everyone for sure

Very good product, but the size avoids you to operate with a single hand. I also thought that Samsung Kies is not good to manage the device.

Excellent phone, i like a lot, it also has all the features that a person needs to work outside of the work, in the field and in the house.

Owned for 1 year. Root attempts: 1 (success first try) I loved this phone when i first got it but now that i own a Note 2 the Note 1 seems a little slow to load apps after having a few aftermarket background processes like yahoo mail, auto sms, multiple game auto update's etc.Pros:-very fast with stock Android OS-Dropped it twice with case and took zero damage.-Even with only 8GB internal and the 8GB SD i have, i never really seemed to run out of space but using Google+ auto picture/video upload feature is highly recommended because you can just delete the videos once they are on Google+-Pros definitely outweigh Cons, so i do recommend this product but if you can afford to get a Galaxy Note 2... get the International N7100 instead... every thing loads faster and the 2GB RAM on Note 2 makes a HUGE difference.Cons:-Somewhat little laggy with Jellybean 4.1 or higher-Battery doesn't last very long with normal to medium-heavy use, especially after installing a Jellybean ROM. I recommend having at least 1 spare batteries to swap out in the middle of the day if you play a game here and there.-Lose about 5 to 8 feet of range on wifi if you have a protective case on it but this seems to happen with all phones or ipods that use wifi.

I got this phone unlocked international version before it was available in the U.S to use on the AT&T; network. I got it despite the forums stating people where having trouble convincing AT&T; it was a phone and not a tablet, AT&T; was shutting down their data abilities.This phone without data would be pointless. The most genius aspect of this phone is its capabilities as a tablet and a multimedia station for on the go. Here are a list of its strong points--Stunning photographs that can be easily and very effectively edited and annotated right on the device and then shared via email, Facebook, text, or any other outlet you can think of.-The note-taking capability is EXTREMELY useful! If your one of those people (like me) who always keeps their phone by their side you will never have to search for a pencil and paper again to jot down a phone number or a memo.-The keyboard is very easy to use and very responsive. No product rivals Apples iPhone keyboard as of yet but this one comes close just because of the sheer size it makes typing easy and quick. I was bothered by people saying in forums it was too big to type on. If you use two hands and jab with your thumbs its extremely fast. Maybe one handed jotting is a bit difficult but are you really going to type a long email with one hand? Sorry people who text while driving (*disgust*) you will not fair well with this device!-The on the go capabilities are amazing! You can really work on this thing! unlike an iPhone or a droid the screen has enough real-estate to actually accomplish your work. You can also web browse very easily on this device.-It is VERY snappy! The rotation of the screen is quick, opening programs is quick! (also on a side note the drag down bar on the top has a quick button for locking screen rotation which I think is genius!)-If your in a pinch and on the road you can read your kindle content fairly easily on this device, or download and rent a movie on it very quickly!-Beautiful Screen! Wow Samsung knows how to make a nice looking screen! Bright and beautiful!Gosh there are so many pros! I am sure there are more pro's  so I will have to add to this list as they come to mind.Now here are some cons! Even though the device is well polished there are deff problems with the device.-I did have problems with the international device connecting to the HSPA+ network. I did get it connected but it was disappointingly slow. I also encountered problems sending picture messages. Weirdly this didn't happen until a week or so after I started using it. Before then I could sent picture message fine. I think that there are some compatibility issues with the international version on AT&T;, I strongly believe that with the version MADE for AT&T; and with there understanding and backing on the product these issues would all be resolved.-Battery  - this is a pro and a con because the battery was really quite decent. The phone is powerful and has a huge screen to power. If I turned the brightness down it would last but then I lost the beautiful va va voooooom screen I raved about in my pros! I also think because the pen input is so cool, the pictures are so easy to edit and upload, and the web browsing and productivity is so easy on this device you will find you have a hard time putting it down! I think if I had kept the device long enough to actually get so used to it I didn't care anymore and used it like a normal person.... I would have found I got much more out of the battery.-Size -  while I know this is what makes this thing so easy to use, I have to say everywhere I went people said HOLY COW what is that? Its not a phone?!?!?! I hate to be cliche and say what allot of others have said... but it is embarrassing to use as a phone. If I was a 6ft 3 basketball player and had a Motorola Razor it would look pretty silly small..... Well I am 5ft and female so holding this up to my head was comical. I think my mother said I was going to get cancer because it just engulfed my entire head in cancer causing cell phone waves. I found myself embarrassed to admit it was a phone, but I needed to keep my sim in it to send texts and upload videos to Facebook so I just avoided calling people and texted instead. To me any device that causes you to avoid the valuable function it is originally intended for (voice calling) maybe you have the wrong device?-The other con was the flimsy back -  I was scared to go into the back of the phone for fear I would break the back. I think it was more stable than I thought but It made me nervous. This made accessing the memory card nerve racking (I didn't keep it long enough to really care about extending the memory from its standard 16 GB but if I had kept it longer I would have needed more memory for sure ! Common Samsung why give us a device with this much multimedia capability and only 16 GB of internal memory?????)I am SURE just like there are PROS that are slipping my mind there are more CONS that are slipping my mind but  I will have to add them later.I also want to ad that this really is a great great phone. And to people who don't mind the largeness against their ears, or for people who primarily use bluetooth, or for people who mostly text this phone is phenomenal and can replace carrying around a bulky tablet and a cell phone while still maintaining high productivity on the road. I wanted so badly to keep the device as a second phone to my iPhone but other electronics where calling to me so I sold it. I also couldn't get over the loss of iMessage and FaceTime on my iPhone. Apple has such a large fan base that when you try to step out of the mold you will often find yourself incompatible with your friends and family. For me the largeness while talking on the device, the incompatibility with the iPhone (WHICH IS APPLES FAULT NOT SAMSUNGS) and the problems I experienced with the international device all caused me to switch back to my iPhone 4. I still look at this device online wistfully sometimes and remember the pleasurable time we spent together :)

I like the rest of the un happy, now have a dead battery. I just hope a replacement will restore functioning.

I have 1 year of cellular memory problems, cell system occupies all memory and generates an error and computer restart, and I have no one to help me solve this case, the computer cost me $ 700 and I have no technical support, no solution to my problem, this is the samsung warranty?

My Note has never seen a SIM card and never will.  It is simply the best small tablet out there at the moment.  It gives me 284 ppi, which is enough to read books and documents easily.  Yet it weighs only half as much as your average 7-inch tablet.I have WiFi'd down a number of apps, but have only been connected a few times.  App research I do on the PC.My Note is not rooted, which means I need to turn off a half dozen services to maximize battery life.  (Yahoo Finance? c'mon, that's ridiculous.)  I run it in Airplane mode, with Data network mode deactivated.  Lately I'm only turning the Note off when I swap batteries.  It goes for days in standby mode without excessive battery use.At first the prospect of ICS interested me but now it seems irrelevant.  If I get it eventually, fine, if not, fine.Some excellent apps to consider: Perfect Viewer, Simple Notepad, Cool Reader, Droidfish.

Samsung Galaxy Note isn't just another smartphone is just something amazing, i had the Samsung Galaxy s2 (now screen broken and waiting to find a good / cheap place to get it repaired) and the Motorola Atrix 2, but let me tell you, if you're like me, were thinking that 4.5 was just not big enough, well Samsung has answered. Everything looks great on it.About other reviews.The phone is intimidating big when you first see it, and after (wont get any smaller)Fits great in any work pants or daily jeans.I'm not tall at all (173 cm) and i can easily handle the phone with one handBecause i had the Samsung GS2 i not impressed with the hardware or software is almost the same.The sPen what a great innovation, isn't a stylus at all. The sPen works just great for handwriting (notes and art things)overall, the phone is big truly big (not uncomfortable or bad looking) but for those who wanted to have a tablet alike HW and a smartphone functionality and weren't completely satisfied with the 4.5 smartphone, well this is it.Edit: 1 week afterThis phone is amazing every aspect, now i see all smartphones so little, people is always saying how nice it is, but too big, and i told them the same i have been wroting in here, once you give it a try, you wont even remember that your holding a 5.3 smartphone, because you'll be in love whit it, its just amazing how fast it is and how good everything looks on the hd super amoled screen.But, one last time, if you feel ok with the regular (4.0 to 4.5 or even 3.5) smartphone, you'll probably feel this phone its too big. so be carefull.I totally recommend this smartphone, is just amazing.

The phone is amazing and the customer service as Well. It,s a brand new phone, completely new and in it's box, it arrive just on time. I recommend this phone and this seller is the best.

The phone is amazing. excellent camera, processor, speed, tablet stuff, internet surfing (good screen size!). The pen is great, you can do a lot of useless stuff with it including trying to draw something very poorly, but i could not write a word. or my handwriting is not that good or recognizing software didnt worked properly. But... it is supposed to be a phone! its impossible to operate with one hand only!! It was a gift to my Dad. He loved it. Its a super phone but if youre not an smartphone fanatic, forget about it!

i got this phone for my mom and finally we got one in the box on Saturday and she loves this phone. she loves everything about the phone tablet. great job samsung..

Great phone but they have the volume control and on-off switch in the wrong places. Also perhaps I have not figured out how to do it but it does not seem possible to look at my calendar while on the phone.

I have used a dozens of mobiles and this one should be the best. Everything is nearly perfect. Some one mentioned he returned it cos there is not Chinese language inside. In fact it does include Chinese language package and I just download a Chinese input (Sogou) then no problem to text in Chinese, and all Chinese characters may properly display on screen. Only menu is English but it is not a issue for me.Tips: when use Kies, remember to use the original USB cable to connect, otherwise it will not work.If you do not want to root the mobile and you need to backup all stuff inside the Note, you may use a app called "mybackup".Update 6-3-2012I had failed to use the GPRS to connect internet(At&t; Gophone). Then I found the video to demo how to setup the APN. Following the instruction I got my GPRS done. Recommend the video:[...]

The best thing I ever bought. It is great for everything I need. Games and applications are the best and can be downloaded from Google Play for free or you can pay. The Android OS is very easy to use. I would recommend anybody to buy one of these. So much stuff to do on this phone/ tablet. I've had mine now a few weeks and I am still finding new things to do with it.5 Star phone and it may be a bit bulky as a phone but it still is brilliant.)Very happy with my Purchase.

the product description does not say clearly what kind of signal mode it supports (GSM/HSPA+/CDMA/LTE....). Being advertised as an "International" phone, this is the most important factor: you don't want to buy this and arrive at a country where it doesn't work

The phone is awesome my only problem is that the camera does not work and the Tech support is lacking terribly this is my second samsung device and is not encouraging to try another.

This is my first smartphone. I am really enjoying the experience using this phone. It has a lot of great features. It is value for money.

I think they built this to work for 1.5 years, I didn't expect these:Restart automatically;With WiFi, it won't last like 4 hours;Freeze a lot recently;Won't charge sometimes recently;I will never buy anything from Samsung.

This phone is no longer charging and Samsung keeps giving me the run around. Because it is made for international use they will not honor the warranty in the US. It was bought for use in Chile and Chile will not honor the warranty because it was sold in the USA. Now they say it was made in the Philippines and it must be fixed through them, yet Samsung Philippines will not reply. $550 for a phone and no warranty honored, a disgrace. What honorable and reputable company does this.

I love my Samsung Galaxy Note (international unlocked version).  I have no problems fitting it into my front pants pockets.  It's got a huge screen that makes reading books and watching movies enjoyable.  It's fast and very responsive.  It's got tons of storage space, has a loud speaker, and convenient placements for buttons.  I highly recommend the Boxwave Duosuit slimfit case, because this phone felt very slippery to me, and before I got the case, I was constantly afraid that I was going to drop it.  I'm not very impressed with the functionality of the stylus or the note-taking apps (still running Gingerbread), but that's ok with me.  I'm fine with essentially what is a great phone with a huge screen.

I was an iphone user since they first came out so I was very hesitant to switch to Android but the reviews were too great not to try. I was actually in the market for a tablet when my iphone died and after much research I decided instead of buying a new phone and a tablet to give the Galaxy Note a try. I am so glad I took the chance. I am thrilled with it and get so many compliments on the size and incredibly sharp screen display, this thing blows my iphone away! Easy to use, lightweight, thin fits nicely in my hand and thousands of apps to choose from. Its also very nice to have available spare batteries if needed, so far I have not as the battery life is great. The cameras both take great sharp photos and the flash is incredibly bright. This is now my perfect travel companion, I no longer need a camera, computer phone etc... this one does it all. You can also add micro sd cards for extra storage. Thumbs up Samsung!

I inquired today Feb 24 2012 and this is the quick response I recieved. On a previous inquiry (last week)  they referred me to the manufacturer to check the warranty. I have to admit I am still nervous since other people here have said they were told the same thing only to find out later to forget it.Hello Niels,You are correct!  This particular phone, the Samsung Galaxy Note GT-N7000 Unlocked Cellphone--US Warranty (Blue), does have a one year US manufacturer's warranty.If you've any further questions, please call us at 877-429-8502.  We are open seven days a week, 8 AM to 10 PM Eastern time. Or you can email us at amazonwireless@amazon.com.Thank you for your inquiry. Did I solve your problem?Best regards,Hank H.Amazon.comYour feedback is helping us build Earth's Most Customer-Centric Company.http://www.amazon.com/your-account

This is an incredible model, its screen is so beaut and clean, so many possibilities, fast, after sometime you cant even think about have a small screen, everything looks so tinny.

Love the big screen, and the camera is excellent. Slides perfectly into my pocket and doesn't bother when I sit down.S Memo is great for taking notes and drawing ideas. Best smart I've ever had.Definitely recommendable.

Bought the International Version - Works great with T Mobile.  Also works great with Tigo in Latin America. All you have to do is switch phone cards.  Screen is big , but after a few weeks of use I find the screen to be a perfect size to surf, email or use it with any app.  Owned a BB Touch and I phone.  And this phone is it.  Its fast, you can multi task, typing with Swype is fast and accurate , its pretty amazing.Regarding Android - its not as easy to learn as the iPhone IOS but after a 2 weeks its getting pretty easy plus I find it to be more adaptable.Bluetooth and Voice Talk, work pretty good, just like the I phone sometimes it won't work , but in general google searches are really fast , Navigation is great and you can get rid of the old GPS with this phone, you don't need it.  Plus the screen is big enough you can just placed it on the windshield with an adapter and it works great.Apps, plenty at the Google Play store.  I got the Remote App and now I can control all my apple products at home.  Rest of Apps like Facebook and many others work great, their tons of apps available, its just a matter of having the time to downloaded them .  By the way most of them are FREE !!For music I like I tunes better, but you can always use I tunes on your mac and sync easily to phone via wi fi. Several apps that do this at the Google Play.For everyone that is skeptic about switching from BB or IPhone,  once you make the switch you are going to stick to this phone.  By the way it fits in your pocket easily.

The Note is really cool, but there are some aspects I don't like.  First of all, the S pen is a really cool tool, but it doesn't work with all apps, although I love less fingerprints.  It's really big, which I love.  That also means if you have high screen brightness, your battery level will go down real fast.  I like maneuvering on this phone.

very successful purchase. It has replaced phone and tablet. Eventually became warm. Constantly burn 32 GB card. Often hangs of the game. But overall I'm happy with the purchase.

Really awesome phone. way better than wasting money on apple iphone. Has far more options and the new sandwich software is an epic success. Android Market has gained so much with having this phone and it will be an amazing companion for anyone.

The shipping was speedy.  The phone was great!  Yesterday (5/13/2012) however, the phone would not hold a charge.  A pop up window had the following text:"Charging paused.  Battery temperature too high or too low"This phone wasn't even a month old, never rooted or altered, and I've run into trouble.  I tried a factory reset and other methods, but none would work.  This one is being returned, and I just ordered another.  I'm hoping that the first one I received was a defect.  The phone is a great device, and I'd like to continue to use it!  Hopefully the new one holds up or it's on to the latest smaller galaxy for a try!Amazon is THE BEST on refunds and returns!  Sure you may spend a bit more (not really), but they are very good on exchanging and refunding money.  Thanks

I have been using it for almost a month and I am really satisfied with this phone/tablet. Screen size really matters! I had an HTC Desire HD with 4.3 inch screen before this and even that 1 inch increase helps a lot in browsing and watching videos. And I don`t feel the disadvantages of big screen so much. I can easily hold it with one hand to talk on the phone and I don`t think it looks so strange to hold it to your ears. Talking is the least thing I use it for anyway. Of course I cannot do everything with one hand. For example, I cannot reach the upper left corner area with my thumb when I hold it with a single hand. So, I use it mostly with two hands and in landscape mode when I am browsing or using a application. But this is fine with me. And it really feels very light considering its size. I should also note that the backside is slippery. So, I suggest to use it with a case.

I have bought this phone from Amazon twice. The first time I just could not get past the size of the thing. I thought I was going to drop it. I felt like my hand was cramping due to trying to hold it for long lengths of time. I have bought it a second time (Global is the BEST!)This time I bought an Otterbox case which gives a good secure "handhold." I also got the Samsung pen assembly which takes the tiny S-Pen and actually makes it a useful device. Those two things made all the difference in the world! With a full sized pen you will use it all the time.I no longer automatically reach for my beloved Samsung SII. It will be sold. It seems so tiny now.The Note is the real deal.(PS. Running this on $45 a month Straight Talk with HSPA speed and excellent coverage when traveling...even in the notorious Dead Zone in Gulf Coast Mississippi.)I could not be happier.

This smartphone for me is excellent... if you want to buy a good smartphone, you just have to buy this one

Look, this is the best phone I have ever owned. I scoured reviews for weeks before I made my purchase. So please do your homework because I am aware what works for me may not be the case for someone else. I can truly say however that I am in ecstasy with my Sansung Galaxy Note. It sent me the update automatically for Ice Cream Sandwich, and it comes with a charger, and headphones in the box. I say this because these were the things I was unsure of when I made my purchase and I live in the Caribbean, so I have the unlocked version. I did buy a headset, and charger but that works out for me, since I can keep those in my handbag for easier traveling. Again, in ecstasy.

I've been using this for the past year, and I love it! I've successfully rooted it, and installed Cyanogen Mod as well. This phone has served me well both in China and in America, as well as Japan and a few other countries. While it was good at the time, I find myself wanting the Note 3.

Great Phone, I don't have anything bad to say about this phones, great image, great quality voice, good sound, everything is just great.

As soon as I read about this phone, I was fascinated and kept reading about it for weeks and finally decided to order it from Amazon (European version because it's not in the U.S. yet). I don't mind that I got the European version because I like having the physical home button. I just switched from the Galaxy SII which did not have the physical button and I like this better. I was an iphone user since the day the iphone came out years ago and have upgraded to new iphones every year. I liked it but definitely felt like I missed a lot of the functions I had with my pocket pc's (customization, etc.) If you don't care about customizing or a smaller display, nothing wrong with the iphone. Depends on what you like. A few months ago I switched from the iphone to the Galaxy SII and loved the change. Now a few months later, I switched again because this was the kind of phone I dreamed would be developed eventually. (kind of like the pocket pc's but with phone usage, more storage). Love having the S-pen (stylus) again. It's nice to be able to switch between using fingers and pen, depending on what you are doing.I am female, only 5'2", small hands and was worried that the phone would look ridiculous. Either I ended up not caring because really who cares what other people think! Or what I really noticed was because I have long hair, when I talk on the phone, my hair is covering most of the phone anyway. I don't think anyone has noticed it looks any larger. I have definitely had friends ask me about it (when I was texting or checking emails) and thought they might wonder what in the world?? But all they have said is "That is REALLY cool!" So don't worry about it looking silly, I realized it was a silly thing to worry or think about.So comparing it to the Galaxy SII which I had for a few months, I would say it's pretty similar but larger screen, FASTER, better batter, has the S-pen, no negatives. I liked the Galaxy SII but LOVE this phone! The main thing I didn't like about the Galaxy SII was the battery did not last me all day and this phone does. I would say the battery lasts the same as the iphone, which is all day and then charge it at night. The display (to me) looks exactly like the Galaxy SII. I know they're a little different but I look at them side to side and the Galaxy Note does not seem any less colorful or bright than the SII, and the clarity is better on the Note.My apps that I used on the SII work just as well on the Note. Another thing I was worried about.If you're thinking of this phone and worried about the size, I"m telling you, I am very small and absolutely ADORE the size. I want to play with this phone ALL THE TIME! It's a lot of fun and when I look at everyone's iphones now, they look teeny and drab.

This tablet phone is big - in fact after taking it out of the box I swear it didn't look like it could fit back in. After using the phone for a day I became used to it's size and now don't even think about it. The screen is incredible and I find I go for my tablet less now that I have this device with me all the time. Battery life isn't exactly where I like it being a heavy user but it's not terrible. I can make it about a full work day without recharging. Tweeking some of the battery saving options and removing a lot of the active backgrounds etc has helped. I'm totally in love with the S-Pen for note taking, picture editing and text entry. If you're looking for a tablet style device you can keep with you all the time this is it.

I just love this phone. The screen is awesome for internet and games. and I am not much of a talker, more of a texting person, so the whole "look weird while holding the phone up to your ear" doesn't bother me>A month in getting this phone, and no problems yet. Google maps does freeze sometimes, but that may be a problem with the program, but everything else runs smoothly on the phone.  I can already tell that this phone will last me a while. I am so glad I didn't get the new iphone. :]

Love my Note...yea there are things I wish it had...better DAC, could use more memory, NFC, better battery life.  Despite those things it doesn't have, it's still an awesome phone. Personally, I don't find the difference between it and the Note II enough to justify the clams....ymmv

It is diminutive to refer to the galaxy note as a cell phone or tablet or any name short of a Comprehensive Digital Assistant (CDA). Imagine Having the functions of a Laptop, Camcorder, Camera, Navigation System (GPS), Mobile phone, Tablet, FM Radio, Note Pad, An Organizer, Media Player, all in one device. Add the numerous android Apps and you have the Samsung Galaxy note. With this device you can achieve the same result as multiple devices and yet retain the portability of a smart phone.For those who are looking to simplify their business life and maintain professional productivity, this is an indispensable device.Thanks Samsung !

Love this phone to death! Only reason I gave out 4 stars was because I had a hard time finding someone who would insure an INTERNATIONAL GALAXY NOTE in the united states...

Excellent phone. Really beatiful gadget.Now I'm learling how to use it because has a huge apps.and programs to apply.Thanks Amazon.

This review was originally for the US Warranty Note, but when Amazon stopped claiming a US warranty, they renamed it the International Version. I will try to update this review from time to time.New update 3/22/12 at bottom of review.WarrantyIs it a Samsung warranty?  A previous reviewer called Samsung and their rep said it isn't, but did their tech rep have correct information?HassleFreeCell says they provide a 90 day warranty.So I chatted with an Amazon rep, and he was quite clear, but did he know anything?  You will have to judge.Here is his reply:You are now connected to Deepak from Amazon.com.Me:Concerning Samsung Galaxy Note GT-N7000 Unlocked Cellphone--US Warranty (Blue)What are the warranty details? Is this a Samsung warranty?Deepak :Hello, my name is Deepak. I'll be happy to help you.Me:OKDeepak :yes.  it will be honored by the manufacturer.Me:Is it a one year warranty?Deepak :Yes.Me:That is all. thank you.Deepak :Thanks for visiting Amazon.com. We hope to see you again soon. Happy Holidays!ColorThe phone back is a dark navy blue.SizeThe phone fits easily in all my pants pockets (jeans and dress).  The HTC Amaze feels like a brick in my pocket, and the Samsung Note is slightly heavier, but feels MUCH lighter - maybe this is because it is so thin.  It fits in my medium size man-hands, but I would not want it any larger.  I have never dropped a phone, but I am worried for the first time (see Cases, below).ScreenBig and beautiful.  What else can I say?StylusThis was a main reason I got this phone because I always used a stylus for typing accuracy on my old Palm (4 inch screen) and my Sony P1i (2.6 inch screen).  When I tried out phones with 4.3 inch screens I was not able to type accurately.  Surprise!  I find that I can type as fast with my finger since the 5.3 inch screen is so big, and I can go slightly faster with Swype.  Voice recognition is much better than I expected and for everyday words is the fastest method of text entry.  So my stylus sits unused.Clock appA Samsung clock app comes with the phone.  It is not well documented that you are required to select the icon at the top right of the screen to prevent the screen from timing out.  The clock allows a pre-alarm of nature sounds to help wake up.FM RadioAt least this version of the Samsung Note does have an FM radio and here in Indianapolis it receives about 30 stations.  Correction: It DOES have RDS (I just had it turned off), and you can rename stations.  As with all phones, headphones are required to act as the antenna.HeadphonesThe note comes with a set of ear-bud phones with microphone. Ear-bud phones depend on a good ear seal which can vary from person to person.  I get a good seal and I find them adequate for casual listening.StandsBoth the "iZel Innovative Hands-free Stand" and the "iCarpus Stand" fit the Note and hold it securely on a bedside table.  The Motorola wall charger works well, but is larger than the Samsung charger.CasesI first bought a cheap TPU case and was disappointed with the thin non resilient plastic which I think won't provide enough protection if dropped.  I then bought a TPU Gel case - the kind with an "S" design on the back.  Despite the name, this is not resilient either, but it has rough edges on either side to give a much better grip to prevent dropping. I have now changed to a Armor Dual Layer Cover sold by DayDeal.com.  It has a hard plastic outer layer and a soft silicone inner layer with extra protection on each corner, and it is very elegant with a red back and black accented sides.  This should give significant impact protection, but it is slightly bulkier than the TPU cases although it still fits in my pockets.Phone PlanThis is a GSM phone so it will only work with T-Mobile and AT&T; here in the US.  It has been claimed that AT&T; apparently will work with 4G data on this phone.  T-Mobile's frequencies currently allow only 2G data (but it has been reported that with the failure of the AT&T; takeover, T-Mobile may gain access to 4G data).  However, consider if you need data.  At home, work and almost every hotel I have access to wifi, and I use a TomTom for directions.  Since I don't use a lot of voice minutes, I happily use T-Mobile prepaid (pay as you go).  The 100 dollar prepaid card (1000 minutes/text messages, but no data) is good for one year and as long as I buy a new card before the end of the year, the minutes roll over.Update 1/5/12 (10 days use):I still think that this is the best phone for someone who needs a large screen.  The only bad thing I can say is that I find the phone slippery, but with a case this is not a problem.Battery life has been better than I expected - great.  I typically make a call, check email numerous times and view the internet for 1 hr.  I have gps enabled.  Also I am in a weak cell signal area which increases the power draw on the battery.  I write this as I am plugging it in for the night and the remaining battery is still an amazing 79%!  The only time I had a problem was when I had installed and then deleted several apps.  I thought that everything was OK until several hours later I discovered I had only 8% battery remaining (I shut it down, charged it and then restarted and everything was again fine).Added 5/23/12:  Watch out for battery apps!  I had a battery app that quickly drained my battery. Other apps that have caused battery drainage problems for me are pedometer and compass apps.  I deleted them.Update 1/13/12:Why get an unlocked phone?This decision is best based on individual circumstances.  In my case I mostly email and don't call or text much.  In fact I can get by on a $100/1000 min prepaid card for a whole year.  I find that I can use wifi for all my data use (at home, at work, at Meijer food stores, at my Honda dealer, at my Dad's house, etc).  Let's say that AT&T; has a contract price of $300 for the Note, and suppose you decide to get the AT&T; Note on contract.  So lets compare costs between you and me . . .You:$300 Samsung Note contract AT&T; cost + (per month) $40 voice + $25 2G data + $20 texts + $10 taxTotal for first year = $1440Total for second year =$1140Me:$750 Samsung Note phone + 100/1000 min + free wifi where I can find it (most places).Total for first year = $850Total for second year = $100Note:I have effectively paid off my phone in less than one year (compared to you) so I could throw my phone in the trash and buy a new phone next year while you are still stuck on a 2 year contract!Of course, the numbers will vary depending on the person, so you will have to calculate the difference based on your circumstances.Edit 1/19/2012There may be a BIG PROBLEM with updates for the US Warranty phone including Ice Cream Sandwich (Amazon no longer sells the so-called US warranty phone).Samsung is DENYING that they will provide any updates for ANY US unlocked phones.For more, see Customer Discussions (at the bottom of this product page below).EDIT 1/27/12Sigh.  I am sad.  I sent the phone back for a refund even though I love it!  It is important to me to be able to upgrade to Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0), and I have come to the conclusion that Samsung will NOT upgrade any "US unlocked" phone.  If I decide to get the AT&T; version of the Note then I will have to sign a 2 year contract.  Because of the confusion concerning Samsung support for this phone, Amazon was very good about getting me a fast refund.  5 stars for the phone, 5 stars for Amazon, but 0 stars for Samsung's TERRIBLE US support.EDIT 3/22/12The Note I had was a so-called US version (which Amazon no longer appears to sell), and I never was able to get any updates from Samsung.  However, I noticed that some other Amazon reviewers claimed to have gotten updates, but they all had international import phones.  So I decided to try again.  This time I ordered from an Amazon store, PVCS 110-220 Electronics.  They shipped so fast that I got the phone before getting the "phone has shipped" notice!  Good thing I happened to be home to sign for the phone when the UPS man arrived. The phone box was sealed, but with an electrical converter plug in the package - a good sign.After putting in the battery and SIM card and turning it on, the intro screen was in German with 2 buttons at the bottom.  Luckily, I know enough German to realize I needed to press the right button to change languages.  I then went to settings to enter my wifi password, and immediately a notice came up telling me an update was available for download from Samsung!  HOORAY!  I am happy again.EDIT 6/2/12My Note has just been updated to Android 4.0.3 (Ice Cream Sandwich).  It was not as big an improvement as I had thought.Battery usage on the phone has been great (75% at the end of the day with light usage) for the most part.  However, about every 2 weeks the phone runs through its battery in about 6 hours even when only in my pocket (even with Android 4.0.3).  It may be due to an app, but I can't figure out which one.EDIT 7/10/12I am convinced that Android 4.0.3 (Ice Cream Sandwich)is NOT as efficient with battery usage as Gingerbread.  I still can go a whole day with light usage, but sometimes I am down to 30% after 16 hours use.  I have bought some generic batteries in case I run out3X 2600mAh Battery + Dock Wall Charger for Samsung Galaxy Note i9220 GT-N7000.I also have started using a heavy duty case although it makes the phone much bigger(Super Cover /Silicone Case + Protector Cover) Hard Case for Samsung Galaxy Note i9220/N7000 WHITE.

i dont care what anyone says i love this phone and it is not to big its perfect for reading ebooks on and watching movies.you can talk on the phone comfortably and txting is soo fun and easy on this phone!there is nothing i would change about this phone.the battery lasts me 2 to 3 days without charging it and i listin to music,txt,call and watch movies on it alot.if you are looking for a phone that can do everything plus everthing a tablet can then this is your phone.

Pros:1) Nice size: Big enough to do basic functions when it is in the car dock without squinting and risking an accident.2) Big enough to play games on that I would normally only play on a tablet.3) Comes with one of the very few integrated car docks with built in software.4) Nice stylus pen built in.5) Decent battery life.6) I'm using the ATT version and it was SO easy to switch over from sprint.7) I find most of the settings intuitive.8) Very rapid data download.9) WAY better voice quality than my epic 4gCons:1) The buttons are too easy to press on the side when holding it. I think some of the buttons ought to be on the front or back since the sides are needed to grip it.2) Several games have frozen up on it that don't normally do so on a tablet.3) ATT does not have as much service as sprint where I live.4) It will not fit in the car dock if it has a case.5) The volumes are are not well integrated: If I'm playing a game and press the volume it will only adjust the ringer volume. I have to open a music app, change the media volume there and then go back to a game for the volume in the game to be changed.6) The car dock is not sending phone calls to the car stereo, only music, which is a pity and not what happened on my epic 4g

UPDATE: 06272012 Battery life has been very good and exceded my expectations Note I do keep data and wifi turned off unless I need it.UPDATE: 06072012 - FYI ICS - Ice Cream Sandwich GT-N7000The android 4.0.3 soft/firmware update dropped last night for those of you who got amazon phones with PDA and base bands - UBKK1/UBKK2 TTT go to settings about phone to see your model and basebandnew model GT-N7000 baseband N7000welp7 Kernel 3.0.15-N7000UBLPC-CL558418KIES now reports current / latest firmware version PDA:LPC / PHONE:LP7 / CSC:LP9 (TTT)Download Samsumg KIES form Samsung follow instructions.Do your research!Know what you are doing before you do itIThe download takes a while but went off with out a hitch connected to a PC. I would not try the OTA route it will cost you a lot.I have been playing with it this morning so far so good seems a little faster mostly lots of little tweaks and improved useability for those with visual limitations.---------------------------------Was forced to enter the 21ST century and get a smart phone. I was happy with my dumb barely a feature phone. It made phone calls and that's what I need a phone for.I like this thing its huge thin and worksThere have been some complaints in the forums about screen problems I don't have any of them.Pros:Shinny.I really like itcarrier unlockedbig but then I have large baseball mitts for handsdoes fit nicely in a standard dress shirt pocket or suit coat pocketBarely fits in a front pants pocked. Don't put it in your back pocked if you do you will only do it once and then have to get new phone.thinner than an iPhone and 2 of the Apple sheeple I work with are already lusting over it.really nice screenphysical home buttonno carrier bloat/crap-warenot an AT&T; phonewill work fine on AT&T;has a slightly faster processor than the AT&T; I717 variantworks on T-Mobile although with slower datadid't need to extend contractmy old plan doesn't have data and is cheaper than anything they offer now.Plays YOUTube videos nicely over WiFiremovable batteryold school s-pen stylus is nice for those of us with big baseball mitt fingers.The phone is responsive so far no real lag and seems faster then the coworkers phones we compared it toBoot time is about the same as my old "just a phone" phoneNice build quality does not feel cheapMicro SD card slot up to 32GBcons:big those with small hands should think about one of its littler Galaxy brothersdoes not have T-Mobile 1700 MHz data Band so only slow edge data for nowIt is rumored that T-Mobile will be getting 1900mHz data some time in 2013 we will see if it happens when it happenshas Euro WIFI settings so US A/N 5.0 GHZ issue see XDA-developers Wiki for a fixOnly supports up 32GB micro SD cardonly 16GB internal memoryThe s-pen stylus is a little small and clumsy for those of us with big baseball mitt fingers.I will have to get one of the full size s-pen pen-stylus'Back cover is thin flexible plastic held in place with with little tabs and annoying to remove "peal off" and replace

So jealous of my friend who's using it with the new Unlimited everything (including hotspot) plan that just came out from Solavei. Runs off T-Mobile and at&t;'s 4G network for $49/mo and ends up bein free or making you money every month instead. It just launched in September and is taking the money that would other wise be wasted on the same old repetitive advertising and giving it to the people for sharing with others. $20 for every 3 people you enroll every month for as long as they have the service+another $20 for every 3 people they add as well... It adds up let me tell ya. Also coming to Europe next yearLearn more at [...][...]

Based on other reviews here, I ordered this phone from Global Mobiles TRD-Trading GmbH, who were praised by other reviewers.I ordered on May 30th evening, to be delivered overnight.  Order was fulfilled by Amazon.  The package was shipped via LASERSHIP. I got the package at my front door just after 7:00 pm today.I was shocked to see that inside the phone box was opened, *no phone* in the box, no charger, US adapter, nothing.  All that came inside is the quick start guides in english and german. Don't know where in the supply chain the theft occurred. I wonder how anyone could have even known what was inside.  The outside brown packaging has no indication what may be inside...I have informed LASERSHIP management as well about this incident.But I want to caution others who order this...*please* be careful.  This is a relatively high value item.Only order it if fulfilled by Amazon. Amazon customer service were wonderful and helpful, and processed my refund right away.

First off, The battery SUCKS!!  Second...The APN instructions I was given did not allow me to send MMS.  Third, there are things you have to do to even send MMS.  Fourth, I need an arm band and my arms are too big for the ones sold on amazon.  The phone doesn't seem too fast, and it takes forever to load.  There are 50 gazillion apps that do the same thing and you cannot erase them.  It is supposed to be 16Gigs, but you only get 11 with all the crap on it.I love how big it is as people are always saying...DAMN THAT IS HUGE!(Im kinda used to hearing that anyways!)But, in the end, Im kind of disappointed.  Fast, it aint!  But at least its not CRAPPLE!If I could get some of this garbage off that it came with, and the lag from swiping it to get it on, and pushing a button...and OH ANSWERING THE PHONE...well, then it would be cool.  Visual Voicemail would have been nice too. Or something a little sweeter with regards to how I retrieve my emails or even know i have one!Like I said, it takes getting used to...so far...not impressed at all!

i bought one note. screen was gorgeous. update to ICS was quick and painless. i was very pleased with functionality. until i tried playing a few games. there was a definite lag. in fruit ninja, i would slice, and slice would appear a fraction of a second later. enough of a fraction that i would miss a lot. this happened in other games and where speed is important, this is just bad. and for me it was important. so i returned it. got another note. same thing. same lag. even a worse lag. contacts took time to load. it was just unpleasant. i will return this one as well.i will say this, screen is indeed gorgeous. video and audio were nice. but it is not good enough for a 540$ cellular. just not good enough.

I've had many other smartphones. This one blows them all out of the water. Even the iPhones. I use my phone for all the non-phone stuff more than phone stuff, so this is the ticket for me.I'm used to using the giant phone as a phone now too. The screen is amazing for all the other stuff like browsing, maps and video... god the video! You can see the screen outdoors too (a deal maker/breaker issue for me). It's a clear 1080hd screen too. The video out to TV works flawlessly.Ok, couple cons (since glowing about the phone isn't helpful... but believe me, it's awesome)...The battery life under non-phone use isn't great. It gets me through the day, but I have to charge it every night. I'm a heavy internet/GPS/Video user, which all sucks battery quickly.I would LOVE a dedicated HDMI out port. The USB one works well, but it monopolizes the USB port, so you can hook up a hard drive AND output to the TV.If you're not the kind of person that needs/wants the big big screen though, get the Galaxy S3 instead.

This phone is one of the best phones ever. so much that I have to review it. I am a tech junkie and that means I love to collect phones and resell them. I have owned in the past: Nokia 6290, KIRF iPhone 4(lol), Samsung Galaxy S II GT-i9100, LG Thrill 4G, Samsung Focus i917, HTC Sensation 4G, Sony Tablet S 32GB. None of these can compare to the mere presence of the Galaxy Note.Build Quality 10/10: Has a very sturdy feel to it, choice of materials is your opinion. It is made out of plastic, but not anything cheap. I prefer the plastic b/c if Samsung had opted to choose a type of metal e.g. aluminum it would feel very heavy and uncomfortable in hand.Call Quality 9/10: Produces some very nice tones and clear vocals. The volume could be have higher volume output, but nothing that would make me hate it.Multimedia 10/10: Witht he Super AMOLED HD screen makes viewing pictures and videos a plus. Even encoded in 1080p videos are smooth and jitters, I don't know why somepeople do this b/c the resolution on the Note is 1280x800 not 1920x1080. Gaming is very smooth thanks to the Mali 400GPU.UI Speed 9/10: Smooth for the most part, but sometimes when switched on to a live wallpaper, it sometimes jitters a bit. Also, when getting an overview of all your items the transition is not real smooth. But everything else like scrolling and launching apps is smooth.Text Input 9/10: The keyboard is standard, nothing great about it. It is a delightful to type with two hands in landscape or potrait, but not with one hand unless you have insanely large fingers lol. I think they could have made better use if they put a number row on top since of the large real estate you get.Battery 9/10: I'm a big battery user and I get 5-6hrs. on it, if you're light user it'll probably last you a day or more. You get a 2500mah battery which is half the amount used in 10.1in. tablets.Internet 10/10: Very fast and of course like any Android out there supports flash. Very smooth and text is easy to read b/c of the WXGA resolution. No lag at all.Camera 10/10: This is a mobile phone is by far one of the best camera out there on a mobile handset. Pictures are crisp and colorful, no graininess well I haven't taken night pictures yet, only in daytime. Video capturing is a very awesome experience too with a smooth framerate in 1080p.Everyday Usage 10/10: Use it everyday.Display: One of the main reasons to get it of not the main reason. The Super AMOLED HD has a resolution of 1280x800 not 1280x720 like the Galaxy Nexus or Optimus LTE(ATT Nitro HD). 5.3in. makes browsing the internet and reading eBooks a pleasure.Overall I'd give this phone a 9.5/10 only b/c of not producing a Super AMOLED+ HD screen since it would look better, but the plus is not to get worked up over. Oh yes, another thing many users including I notice black splotches when putting on a completely back background. Their very tiny and you won't notice the splotches at all if you have other colors around. This is not just the Galaxy Note all other Super Amoled HD devices have it including the Motorola Razr/Droid Razr and the Galaxy Nexus. Only a few have been blessed without them.I own the International White Samsung Galaxy Note btw and it looks amazing!

It worked 9 months. And the screen went black, not turning oN/ I called Samsung. They said this is not a US phone. We can't help. They gave me a UK number. I called. They said they can't help because they only serve inside UK and gave me another number. I called they gave me another number and email. I emailed them they said GALAXY NOTE is not a Samsung product. And gave me another number to call. I called that number. They said they can't help I should Call Samsung UK office again. I have already called the last number they gave me. The seller &#34;Open Group Wireless &#34; from Amazon.com NEVER answered my emails. SO I invested $528 to this phone. I did not even use 9 months. No answer from seller and No solution from Samsung. Shame on Open Group Wireless and shame on Amazon.com and Shame on Samsung

This phone is very light-weight, fast speed, easy to use. But it does not have Chinese language in setting. You have to download your own package, which is kinda of hard for newbie

I have not had much success with the Samsung galaxy note. Specially when it comes to updating the phone with the latest software.

Awesome phone. I'm not about to do a review on this phone though I have a ton to say about it, because reviews on this phone are all over YouTube and the internet. So if you are looking to find out more, google for reviews. Instead, I'm gonna talk about some need-to-know before and after purchasing.The phone is big, but fits in most pockets. After using it for 2 weeks, I felt like all other phones are too small on it, even my previous phone (Samsung Omnia II) which was considered as moderately big-sized at the time it came out.Galaxy Note comes with a lot of "hidden" features, you need to spend some time messing with it before you can actually experience it's full potential. Good for reading and watching videos for the ginormous, clear high resolution Super AMOLED screen, also music playing is not bad. Gaming is awesome on the huge screen.Accessories are available all over Amazon, unlike my old Omnia II, so you don't have to worry about buying another rare model which you'll have to search and search then spend a fortune on buying just a protective case.After receiving your product, you might wanna check for faulty. For LCD and basic input test, go to "phone" and key in "*#0*#". Also, check your phone system information and try to register online for full warranty coverage.Note: International warranty provided by Samsung might not be available in the U.S. as I've read from previous reviews. So you might wanna check with Samsung before getting it if this is a big deal for you. Also, the phone I got I think, was shipped from Germany because the default language was in German, however the seller included instructions on how to change the settings. Most languages are available for system and input, except some major ones like Chinese and Japanese. However, there's only German, English, Spanish, French, and Italian for Text-to-speech. But language packs are available on download in Google Play Store, mostly free-of-charge.I especially recommend this phone for users that use phones not only for calling and texting, but also internet browsing, apps, other features. Get a data plan with it if you don't, or else it would be a waste getting this phone without a data plan. Really convenient for social networking and status updates. There's an app called Social Hub that comes with it which merges all your social networking accounts (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, etc.) so you don't have to browse them separately, convenient to use. You don't need this phone if you only use your phone for calling and texting.

The Galaxy Note is an amazing device and I strongly recommend getting one.  I flagged this item with one star though since there is no such thing as a U.S. warranty for these devices.  Don't believe me, call Samsung and ask them.  Samsung U.S. will not handle warranty claims on these devices.  Best you can do is buy from an international reseller that will handle the return for you to Samsung Europe or one of their other divisions.  Anyone claiming to sell with U.S. warranty is either giving you a 3rd party warranty or just plain lying...Buy the original.

I am using this device for more than 6 months and the last 4 months I am using it in Afghanistan whitout any laptops or netbook. This device replaces the previuosly mentioned devices without any problem if you use it for browsing, movies, music, books. If you want to use it for documents, you need to buy a proper bluetooth keyboard and it would be easy just to work on already prepared document because it is hard to create new documents ... it is hard but not imposible. With the ICS the device works better and the battery perfomance has been improved. Let's hope we will get Jelly Bean ... everybody says it would work better.

I got my Samsung Galaxy Note about a month ago and I really love it. It has all that I need, all the tablet functions and it is just a little bit bigger than a regular cellphone. Size is not definately a problem at all, like most people think, in the contrary what make it more interesting and useful is the size of it. It's just perfect, the only inconveninece I had was the charger adapter, it has a weird plug but I'm using the USB cable for charging it. I'm constantly connected to the 3G net and because of this, I need to charge it once a day, but the battery life is pretty good, considering the usage of it. The screen definition is excellent, like most of the Samsung products and the sound is perfect as well. I really recommend this Smartphone, you would not regret about having one!

This is one of the best phones. Great to work on and watch movies. The only problem is that in the U.S.A you can't get 4G on the T-Mobile Network in the U.S.A. due to band issues. Edge network is possible

It's a nice phone/tablet, I like its design and functionality but I could not use it with an At&t carrier data pack. Haven't tried t-mobile yet, hope it works with this carrier.

Brought this phone to replace my old Motorola Atrix (a great phone, btw).  Love the big, bright HD screen; which is ultra sharp and good size.  The Atrix 4" screen was too small for my old eyes.  Once you use the Note, you'll never go back to small phones.  I use the Kindle Ap to read ebooks on this and it is as good as our Kindle Touch.  Surfing the web and reading pdf documents is as good as any tablet, without the weight.  I no longer use our iPad for around-the-house web surfing or reading.  Try holding an iPad with one hand for more than a few minutes - doesn't happen (you'll need two hands, your lap or a stand).Positives:- Android - beats iPhone hands down for features & customization ability.  It is much closer to a PC than iPad.- the Note is a phone, tablet and eReader all in one so you just have to carry one thing. And it fits in your (men's) pants pocket.  When I travel now, it's just my cell phone and my laptop.  No more eReaders or tablets.  Best part, get the EasyTether Ap and you no longer have to pay for airport or hotel wifi.- big screen size- bigger screen size = bigger key board.  Much faster typing and fewer mistakes, almost like my old, big blackberries.- faster processor- real 4G speeds!- light weight and easily held with one hand- Samsung features are slightly different than Motorola's.  Some much better.- the pen is great for writing notes to myself (grocery list, etc.).  My kids love it for sketching.When I talk on it, my wife said it looked like I'm putting a calculator to my face.  But one side benefit of the bigger size (btw, very thin) is that the mic is closer to my mouth so I don't have to speak as loudly for the other party to hear me.Negative:  I could not buy this phone from Amazon.com (much cheaper) because of the web based ordering system; which forces one to select a new data plan (instead of keeping my old unlimited one).  Called Amazon and AT&T;, and there's no way to get around this.  Had to buy from a physical store (Costco) where they can specify keeping my old unlimited data plan.

Two days before my warannty expired on a different model of samsung the phone turned off and wouldnt turn on again.Samsung has the worst customer service ever. Especially if your warranty is expired they are asking for $100 just for you to send your phone to them and they will charge extra for any repair.I would never ever purchase anything from samsusng.Plus once when you call the customer service you have to wait 30 minutes for somebody to help you

At the beginning,  a little surprised for the size of it, although it perfectly fits into my shirt or jacket pocket . Once you get used to it, simply FANTASTIC.

the Best cell phone I have had. I'm waiting for ICS update that this gadget deserves. the huge screen it's really great for everything you want to do.

I just got this phone and I have to say that this phone is absolutely amazing! You might think wow.. its a little big, but the truth is, when you put your hands in this baby, you cant go back to normal size phones.Perfect to web surfing, take notes in class, GPS, book reader, Skype, camera and video in HD!..... and so many moreI will keep posted if anything goes wrong with it.. so far so good!.. Amazon shipped it in perfect condition and arrived at the date they said it will. The packing was also really good, as always.I will HIGHLY recommend yo use a screen protector (I purchase this one http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006FI2OK0/ref=oh_o01_s01_i00_details and I still wondering if still there!!! It's perfect cristal clear!)And a case http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000IN1ZPI/ref=oh_o01_s00_i00_details. This case fit the phone perfect. Looks amazing, and its all well protected. Also gives the perfect gripe to hold it when taking photos or videos.There is tons of cases and screen protectors out there, those are the ones I choose and Im totally satisfied.

The GT N7000 is so cool. It does all what it is said to be capable of and much more. The only worry is when do we get the ICS update like everybody else?

With an updated version, I got multi-window and air view. No need to waste big bucks on galaxy note 2. This phone can handle anything and has higher resolution than the successor. The colors are just right for watching movies and viewing photos. Pop-up video is a really cool feature that lets users watch the video as it plays in the background. I find this useful when using split-screen feature because I'm allowed to watch a video while having two apps running at the same time. I have jelly bean version 4.1.2. If anyone needs help updating, let me know in the comment. Overall, this is a really powerful and vibrant phone!

USA buyers beware!!!  If this "unlocked" phone upgrades to a newer version of Android, it will likely become network locked, and you will be the proud owner of a very expensive doorstop.  This happened to both my phone and my wife's phone when they upgraded to Android 4.0.4.  Samsung says that it is not their problem, and therefore, they have been no help.  We are currently working with cell phone unlock companies in an attempt to convert our doorstops back into usable cell phones.  So far, they are having trouble calculating working unlock codes.  You have been warned!!!

It has a nice screen and does what it says it will do.  If you use the phone for only phone calls the battery lasts about 36 hours.  If you do anything else you can be sure to be recharging at least once a day.  While I thought I could live with it's size I am now finding it very difficult.  For a women with a purse, not a problem, for any man that is not wearing a suit coat with a breast pocket - it's a pain because you will be carrying it in your hand most of the time or in your brief case.

This is the best phone that I have used thus far! First time the screen size was big for me but after few days using it is perfect. Also I recommend buying from Global Mobiles/TRD-Trading GmbH fulfilled by Amazon, the phone was brand new and factory sealed.

The Samsung Galaxy Note far exceeded my expectations. Quite a few people have complained that the Note is too big. Nonsense I say. This phone fits my hand perfectly and fits in all my pockets in all my jeans, shorts, etc., The Note does so many things well that having it means not having to carry a larger tablet around with me when I travel. I can read ebooks on the Note with ease whereas the Kindle Fire weighs me down and is  very crippled android wise.Having the ability to mod the note is a big plus. I have the unlocked international (US warrantied version) version that does not have any bloatware from AT&T; and will soon have ICS. Way before AT&T; will release it to thier Note customers. xda-developers.com [...] is your source for FAQ's, what's hot in acessories, themes, Mods like cyanogen, etc.My only real complaint is the weak speaker on the back. You would think that a phone this size would have gotten stereo speakers. Oh well

Love the samsung galaxy note. Even though i cant get 3g service , there are other things about this phone that makes it top notch. First and most notable is the size of the screen.watching movies and youtube from a 5 1/2 inch screen makes the phone a big selling point. Next speed of its processor makes launching  or opening a app quick. also, i can teether my tablet to it for the wifi hotspot app that comes with the phone. I use my phone wifi signal,something that the earlier samsungs cant do. Too many features  that makes the phone great to list. The phone came on time and in the original box in German language...thank you for instruction on how to change the language to English.

This was a great phone. Returned it due to it not having- I heart connection-which was imporant at the time.Regret returning it now. Yeah,it is  a huge phone,but it was great to use while on the internet.

I got this phone on a whim (an expensive whim, but a whim none-the-less).  I got it before it was available from AT&T;, which is fine because I use it on t-mobile.I have a tablet, but it seems that I never have it when I want it.  When I am out with friends and want to show them something on the internet, there is nothing worse than trying to show someone something on a tiny screen, but it isn't worth it to carry around a tablet just in case- for me anyway.  The screen on this phone is beautiful and huge.  This phone is great for showing people things on the internet or documents.  Everyone that sees it agrees that it is a great screen, the biggest concern is the size of the device in its entirety.This phone is comically huge.  Most people (myself included) laugh at the sight of someone holding the phone to my ear.  It looks and feels funny at first, but you get used to it and don't really think about it after a while.  People are also concerned about the portability of this phone.  I find that it fits in my work uniform pockets just fine.  I also carry a purse, so carrying it is no issue.  Men usually have larger pockets (unless they wear skinny jeans) and fitting the phone in there isn't an issue.The stylus is almost a novelty except that it works great!  This isn't based on the same technology that people use with their iPhone or other smart phones, so you will find that there is a great deal of accuracy!  I find that it is almost unfair to use the stylus when playing Draw Something, but I still do.While this phone doesn't have all the frequencies for 4G on t-mobile, it does have the download frequency.  I am not sure if it is possible for the phone to get downloads at 4G speeds without the upload frequency, but I will say that my internet is faster than EDGE (which is what the phone says I am getting).  I am able to stream videos with no problem and web pages load as quick as they ever did on my old 4G phone.  The only thing that seems to take longer is sending e-mails, which would be consistent with my frequency hypothesis.  I make no promises about performance, just telling you my experience.The user interface is fine- and better than the US version.  The battery lasts and lasts.  Before I put lots of apps on the phone, the phone had no problem going a day and half an a single charge with regular use and hours of streaming music.  The best battery I have seen on a phone!

I was an iphone user since the day the iphone came out years ago and have upgraded to new iphones every year. I liked it but definitely felt like I missed a lot of the functions I had with my pocket pc's (customization, etc.) If you don't care about customizing or a smaller display, nothing wrong with the iphone. Depends on what you like. A few months ago I switched from the iphone to the Galaxy SII and loved the change. Now a few months later, I switched again because this was the kind of phone I dreamed would be developed eventually. (kind of like the pocket pc's but with phone usage, more storage). Love having the S-pen (stylus) again. It's nice to be able to switch between using fingers and pen, depending on what you are doing.

This device is simply amazing !!!!  It's an all-in-one.  I have no problem with the size. you get used to it after a while.

Pros:Everything! The metal roof in my office blocks all signal, but this phone is the only phone at my company that gets enough signal to make calls and receive text, so the receiver seems to be better than most phones. Great battery life compared to my HTC Sensation. I charge the phone every 2 days or more with normal usage. The pen works awesome. It comes with some exclusive apps for use of the pen. The camera and camcorder are great, I have no need to carry around a digital camera.Cons:No notification LED (not a huge deal to me). A really bad con for me is I can only use edge on T-Mobile which gets me around 25KBps, but luckily I'm usually around a Wi-Fi access point. Either way the phone is so awesome the trade off is worth it to me, eventually I may switch to at&t; or hopefully T-Mobile will use another band besides 1700mhz for data.Other Thoughts:It should be getting ICS update soon. The amoled hd display is amazing, better screen quality than the Galaxy S II. The phone is faster and better looking (display quality) than any phone I have owned. I've owned htc sensation, mytouch4g, mytouch3g, nokia 5230. I've messed around long enough with many other phones including the Galaxy S II, (won't even mention the iphone4s, it's a joke compared to this). This is hands down the best phone I've ever used, worth every penny. It's not big enough to replace my 10 inch tablet, but not too big as a phone either, unless maybe you are a girl with small hands. I can hold it in one hand with no problems, it's as thin and light as the Galaxy S II.

The phone IS big but then it was expected to be.  It is living up to the hype and I'm happy w/my purchase.  I love the S pen and I love that Samsung has apps created just for the Note(s) and the S pen.  The only down side...it's hard finding a protective case locally for the Note.  Once again, I turned to Amazon for a protective case that is similar to the Otter Box but at an insane price cut.  It just doesn't get much better than this.  Plus...it's a wifi hot spot all in itself and if a tablet or laptop is needed, you can tether with the phone.  Awesome!  Well done, Samsung!  I'm a fan for life!I bought an unlocked version because I had transferred my service 6 months ago to Straight Talk.  A coworker of mine had the Note 2 on the AT&T; network and kept boasting about his 4G LTE service.  I was worried that this phone would get less than par service due to being w/Straight Talk.  I was wrong!!  This phone has worked beautifully w/Straight Talk. I have download speeds that rival my coworker's phone on an AT&T; contract.  For clarification, Straight Talk is using the AT&T; network w/this phone.  I have saved a ton of $$ going this route (unlimited talk, text, and data)!!  Goodbye contracts, hello fantastic phone service on a friendly budget!

Hanging in between a smartphone and a tablet... Took me a while to decide to buy this huge tabpohne. I went as far as cutting out a hard foam piece with the dimentions of the N7000, to make a "simulator" of the phone, and walked a day with it trying to decide if it fits my pockets. It does! :)If your main usage of the phone is on the go/ on the run, this device might be problematic for you.It definitely makes one hand use impossible, but it makes so much other things possible!Browsing is awesome, all media usages are significantly improved, reading e-books becomes much more comfortable and it's a great portable gaming device.All the other aspects are similar to regular size smartphones.

I give it 4 stars instead of 5, because without being told I got this as a "reconditioned" one. So I have experienced a little bit glitch which really did not hurt much. But still, I didn't like not being told ahead of purchase that it'd been "reconditioned".Secondly this was a version specifically designed for the Chinese market. It is OK - but there are some popular Chinese apps I would rather do away with but couldn't remove them. Again, it didn't hurt any of my usage, it is just I prefer not to have native Chinese apps pre-installed.Thirdly, this one does not come with Swype keyboard pre-installed! Can you imagine that? What a silly move on Samsung's part. Good news is that there are free apps for that (and better too), so that didn't hurt either.Fourth - my biggest complaint:  it does not provide 3G when I inserted my T-Mobile sim card! Needless to say I was extremely sad about that. Come on, I am not looking for 4G!  But it takes a lot of troubles to get 3G so I kind of just skipped it. Just 2G then, since I am using a lot of WiFi anyway.Now the good things. I am a businessman so I need this for business. Forget a lot of reviews that keeps talking about security and compatibility to MS, etc. Android does not do that so either you buy 3rd party apps or put up with it.Firstly using email.  I tried various apps but K-9 always comes as the first and only choice. With a 5.3" screen and an S-pen, the Galaxy Note makes emailing so much easier for you when you're not at your desk.  Plus, the powerful CPU makes sending and receiving much faster for you too. Since emailing is almost a number one thing for business people on the go, I have to give it a "two thumbs up".Secondly the usage of Skype video and calling. I keep contact with lots of business partness domestically and internationally via Skype, the enhanced camera (both front and back) makes it really good. I actaully can pick up skype calls while I am driving.  Not everyone thinks skype an important thing but I do for business purpose.Third, you can really rely on S-pen to take some serious notes now, and can really leave your ontepad at home. I know you can do this with iPad, but some times, you just don't have iPad near you.  So, here you go! You always have your phone, so you always have your digital notepad.Fourth, the entertainment features (video, game, camera, web surfing, etc) are just wonderful which lots people have written about already. This makes killing time easy (such as waiting for a bus or a flight).Fifth, the battery life is GREAT!  Very heavy users can get through a day fine. I am a medium user (I really don't use web on my phone that much but do watch videos), and by the time I go to bed at 11 PM I still got 30 - 50% juice left. There was a time when I used it really lightly for two days, and didn't charge it during the two days until the 2nd day's night. This is important, business folks.Overall, I have been using it for a couple of weeks and am happy about it.  I will update in a couple of months how things go.

After about 10 months of use, mine developed a problem in the micro-usb receptacle where it would not maintain contact for more than a moment.Called Samsung USA in Texas: "We don't do European Samsung phones."Called Samsung Europe in England: "We won't touch it because of the return postage."Spent $60+ to ship it to Global Mobiles in Germany - taking them up on their offer to mediate the warranty with Samsung Europe.But, foolishly I guess, I had sprayed the receptacle with contact cleaner in an effort to resolve the problem myself.Global Mobile's techs thought the residue from the contact cleaner indicated water damage and "We can offer you two options:  1) We dispose the phone for you for free.  2) We could send you the damaged phone for a shipping fee of 30,--USD".Oh well....My poor judgement aside, the takeaway is that, if you have a warranty situation, it's probably going to cost you in the neighborhood of a hundred bucks whether you get it resolved or not. (Global Mobiles banged me for thirty bucks return postage)This is not so much a reflection on Global Mobiles.  They've been OK - the misunderstanding about the contact cleaner vs water damage notwithstanding.  But if you think you will have the kind of warranty you're probably used to thinking about, think again.I would also observe that, as of this writing, all of the 19 one-star ratings are from users that have had a warranty issue that was not handled satisfactorily.IMHO, it's a Samsung thing.  Can anybody at Samsung spell G-L-O-B-A-L__E-C-O-N-O-M-Y?

This phone is just beautiful. It is big .... like really big but it suits me just fine. I am female and can make a call with this phone using one hand...no joke. Maybe the phone case helps me, I bought the Zenus book type case and maybe the flap gives me some balance. I have used the Samsung S2 which is also a fantastic phone but I am so loving the big screen that I think it might be difficult to use anything smaller. I have always wanted one device rather than notebook, tablet and phone.However, you do get weird stares and my colleagues even thought it was funny that I can speak on the big device but then there are bluetooth headsets if u so desire.

It's really has everything and great processing and video. So many things you can do with it...It's a little big for your pants, but it depends on the type you use, if they are not too tight, it's ok. You won't regreat.

I am a Dermatologyst and I have used this phone to take pictures of patient faces and draw on the pictures, the schemes that I need to apply botox or fillers. The most practical thing is that it is portable tablet that fit in my hand, and I can go with it anywhere and have all my patient drawings in it, with sufficient memory. At the same time, I can put my clinical notes in a folder, along with the patients esthetic information. It is very thin and light and sometimes I don't notice that I have it in my pocket. Is true that is bigger than the average phone, but if you want both worlds ( tablet and phone) in the palm of your hands, well this is the solution. Some people have told me that is huge, and they stare at it with curiosity!!!I like the way that you can modify it, putting in it: themes, a lot of apps, and many more fun stuff.  For me it is a work tool and I enjoy playing with it also.The Super Amoled screen resolution is beautifull.  The 8 megapixel camera, takes great pictures and when you're taking them, and your viewing through the 5 inch screen, is a huge photo taking experience, incredible !!. People can watch how you take the picture, even if they are like 3 meters behind you. Another awesome thing about it, is that you can watch a movie without missing your Ipad screen, or read an article or a book.  I like this phone very much!!, the BEST OF BOTH WORLDS: CELLPHONE AND TABLET!!

Fantastic machine. No I dont find it too big. I am 63 and it is the perfect size for me. Can't wait to get my hand's on  Note 3.

Great phone. We love it, just the same as galaxy S2 but bigger screen. We got the package earlier than expected.

I am from india and i want to buy an unlocked mobile to use it in india and america. it  was really great .. this is the mobile i was looking for a long time . fits perfectly in my pockets jeans , cotton pants and shorts. i had no problem with signal quality and screen is awesome and great to watch movies in HD . camera is good and processor speed is super . i can run many applications background .. browsing speed is great. and i find many numerous applications on android market..i am waiting for android 4.0 update.... i am happy for owning a galaxy note ..

The audio quality was poor. When I called Samsung to get it replaced I was told it was not a US model. Also since it is a not a US model I cannot get it upgraded so I am stuck. I called Amazon and stated that I purchased this with a US warranty and informed them what of Samsung's response. I told Amazon that I would like to get it replaced with a phone which has a US warranty since this is what I bought. I was told that I would get a credit but have not received a replacement phone or any credit to date. Not happy with this purchase.

To be honest I was not sure about the screen size, I thought it was going to  be just too big...and it is, and totally awesome!, great design. It is a fast and powerful device, there are a lot of advantages to mention, like the battery life which is far better than most phones these days,  fast internet browsing,  great video and camera, multitasking...there is nothing wrong with this phone. The only thing that is annoying is the upgrades to ice cream or jellybean, but it's not actually Samsung's fault is adobe's.

Very good device. Much better than my IPhone 5 (sorry Apple).Need a little polishing. ICS should be an important improvement.

I had been an user of iphone for quite sometime and initially I was a bit hesitant to switch from ios to android. At the same time I was a bit worried about the size of the device. However I still decided to go ahead and give it a try.After using it for around a month I can only wish if I could go back in past and got myself this baby few months back.It's a great device, I agree the size is overwhelming, but for me that is the catching point. Watching movies in it gives a whole new experience altogether. Also, when you use the navigator on such a big screen you really don't need a GPS. The utility of the S-Pen is also remarkable. I was also surprised with the battery life it had.There are only 2 negative experiences I had so far.1) The sound of the loud speaker is not very impressive compared to it's all other features. I had a Nokia 6300 around 5 years back and it had a better sound output.2) Although the screen is really great, however it is very difficult to see at times, if you are wearing polarized sunglasses. Thus the navigator becomes a bit of a burden while driving when you have sunlight directly hitting your eyes. I am not sure how to resolve the issue. Tried by changing the brightness / contrast etc. Wasn't of much help.However, I would say it is indeed a great gadget. In all practical sense, you have got multiple devices integrated in one.

i did a big mistake buying this1. 3g/4g wont work in USA2. hangs up very frequently3. restarted automatically in the middle of browsing

After an extensive research, I decided to buy the Note for all the good reasons.  Now after my own disastrous experience I am not surprised that 15% of all star-rated amazon reviews are unfavorable (i.e. 20 people gave 3,2,1 stars vs 107 giving 4,5  by end of 2012).  Would you buy an expensive item if you know you had a 15% chance of things going wrong? Here is my frustrating experience:-- FIRST (hardware and poor customer service): Only after a month with my Galaxy note it stopped charging.  Different to Apple, they do not have stores in high traffic locations, instead I drove to my nearest repair center 1h to drop off, 1 hr to collect!) They returned it after 2-3 weeks and the problem hadn't been fixed - still not charging!-- SECOND AND THIRD (hardware and poor customer service): Sent it again (this time by post) to fix the same charging issue. They returned it with very bad scratches on the screen.  I rang not once but 3 times arguing to get the screen replaced.  They were blaming the post man, I was blaming the very poor packaging conditions in which they returned it.-- FOURTH (software/hardware and poor customer service): just as I started to use it again (very disappointed as it had been half the time in repair) I noticed that the back key didn't work.  I was using any app and wanted to go back: impossible needed to switch off and back on. Useless, this is one of the most important keys.  So, sent it again.  Got it back after 1-2 weeks. This time, without the memory stick.  When I rang to ask about it.  They said: "you should have not sent that we destroy everything".  (what about sending it back to the customer who is the owner and paid for it?)-- FIFTH and probably not last (software and poor customer service): half way through an email all of a sudden it stops writing (email, sms etc). Horrendous switch off and back on.  I rang and they said:  "you need to back-up and reset the handset and if it doesn't work, call us again". I asked for a product replacement or my money back.  They said "sorry but we can only fix it!"Samsumg should have better customer services policies (if not able to have a more robust product)Samsung should be ashamed of a product that within a year of having been launched (and 6-7 months of usage) it has been 4 times in repair.When my friends see me with this huge phone they asked whether it is good.  I always say:  NO, do not go close to it. they say, well, at least it makes your face look smaller :)My Ipod Touch and my blackberry are much more robust you can even feel it when you have it in your hands.  I discourage people and friends to put their money on a Samsung when they want a smart phone.  I feel I wasted my money and I want to help others avoid the same mistake.Thanks for reading

The low price combined with the data transfer capability were the main reasons I made this purchase. I have not been disappointed so far, after 8 months of use - Great Buy!

I love the screne size on this phone, or phablte.  It basically combines a tablet into a phone.  So, I made the mistake of vuying one......The problem is that the #&#& thing keeps freezing while on the internet, and hanging up on my phone calls.So, back to my iphone, and keep hoping that Apple brings us a bigger screne.

the seller was deceiving the customers by adding "U.S. warranty" to the product description (now they change it to international version). I got the phone in Feb 2012 when the seller was still using his trick (U.S. warranty) and thought the phone has U.S. warranty. Six months later, my phone cannot be turned on/charged at all. I contacted Samsung U.S. and they asked me to contact U.K., because then I was informed the phone is a U.K product not U.S.. I contacted the seller and asked them to refund the money or replace the phone, since they provided the wrong info when they sold the phone to me and it is significantly different from what they claimed. This is how they replied me:"Per our return policy:We reserve the right to cancel any order due to a typographical error, and are not responsible for any typographical errors which may occur in the price or product description."And they asked me to contact Samsung U.K. as well.I contacted Samsung U.K. eventually. However, Samsung U.K. refused to repair the phone for me either, because I reside outside of U.K..I contacted Amazon as well regarding this. They are not helping at all either.I'd like to share this with you to inform you that if you get his phone, the phone is not covered by Samsung at all.You may just end up with a broken phone in short period of time right after you purchase it.

This is the best phone that I have used thus far! If you are a student who is constantly carrying around a tablet and a phone this may be a great option for you!Please check out my in-depth 30 minute video review to see the Real World applications of the Galaxy Note![....]

I feel very sad to remove two stars from the review because otherwise it is a very good phone but I am doing it so that people can know that this phone is different from the ATT samsung note phone.1> The processors are very different.2> 4G data support is not there on this phone in US. I have a T-Mobile all you can chew data plan and I feel very sad that I am stuck at 180 kb/s3> The home buttons are different so you need to be careful when ordering a screen protector.4> The Charger does not come with US pin adapter.Few other caveats1> The battery could have been better. With such a large screen and a big form factor Samsung could have done much better than the 2500mAh battery. My battery lasts 1.5 days with moderate usage and it is particularly difficult to switch after the super awesome Iphone 4 battery. Add to that the charging is not very fast even with the travel adapter.2> Stylus is very thin and small for any serious drawing. My wife is an architect and she could not draw anything more than few boxes on the s-memo. To my mind it is more of a marketing gimmick.Now for some awesome features.1> Super fast - The fastest mobile phone I have ever used.2> Very rich display.3> Very light weight for the size(which I dont find too big either).4> A very good Tablet+phone hybrid

Phone shuts down alone... but might not be a vendor issue. checked with Customer service @ samsung but no direct answer, very difuicut to get answer from samsung

I SEND IT TO MY FRIEND. HE SAID IT IS NICE, HE LIKE IT.SO THAT'S IT. I LIKE IT, TOO.

really a bit naughty of Amazon to be flogging the "unlocked".. Samsung Note when its not the fully blown USA modelSlower processorNo 4GNo LTEGreat phone if you only plan to stay in the 3G world.. but well over priced if you want to really enjoy 4G..I got caught out buying the Samsung Galaxy S II.. Euro version only to spend a frustrating 7 days speak to Tmobile Tech support.. only to finally figure out I'd never see 4G with the EU model.. Thus slipped my Tmobile chip back into my trusty Nexus and rocked along in 4G world.

I purchased a phone (Samsung Galaxy Note GT-N7000 Phone-International) from you four weeks ago and found the battery performance very disappointing. The battery needs to be recharged daily, even when the phone is not used. I called the supplier twice about the problem, and followed their advice on power-saving, yet the problem continues. Very frustrating!!Zanzie

i loved my note a lot. i have been using it since the first day it was launched till now. i have thought of upgrading to note2 but after updating the note to 4.1.2, it works exactly like note2! the only thing i wanted to complain is it battery life, and i need to carry a portable charge if it was used a lot in surfing web or playing games, cant match the battery life of a tablet

I had the white version of this phone and it turned out to have a serious problem with the SPen sensitivity and the Camera with any of the camera software's. I sent it back and received a refund.  Amazon is Great!  Anyway, I could not function with the smaller screens and I was missing the SPen.  So I purchased this one and I tested everything I had a problem with on the white one and this Blue version was fantastic!  No problems.  I am happy.I am an artist and I always want to have something to draw on and work some ideas out.  So I have invested quite a bit of money on Samsung products, just because of the SPen!  So I have the Samsung Series 7 Windows 7 tablet: I use ArtRage on it exclusively, the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1: I use SketchBook Pro, Fresco Pro, Infinite Painter, PS Touch, Ideas, Collage, Skitch, Zen Brush Pro, Papyrus, and SNote and now this phone, the Galaxy Note.

I love everything about this phone, and was so amazed when I put it in my front pocket and could barely tell it was there.  It upgraded to ICS recently, and I have to say that I liked Gingerbread just as well.Pros :Excellent battery lifeBeautiful displayPerfect size for watching movies and playing gamesLoud speakerGreat LED flashlightGreat cameraHeadphone jack on topUSB chargingRocket fast dataPlenty of storageExternal microSD slot.........Cons:Pricey.I have the ATT version.  They load it with cruft that you cannot delete unless you root the phone, which I am considering.

we got this phone for my husband, who'd been using a busted up broken down blackberry 8900 for far too long.  the only prior experience he'd had with android was borrowing my samsung vibrant to play games on when he was bored in lines or on the bus.when we started phone shopping, he was annoyed at the smaller size of phones (this baffled me, most phones seem big to me).  i saw at&t; and samsung had announced this thing called the note.  we didn't want to switch carriers, so we waited.  our carrier never announced (they have it now, a year later), so we waited and saved up for this unlocked international version.he loves it.  it's a good size for him, and it has the extra tablet features which intrigue us both.  it got the ics update pretty much as soon as we opened the box.  he's stuck at a slower speed for now, until we either switch carriers or our carrier finishes some network upgrades.  considering the phone he upgraded from, it's still a major improvement.he loves the phone's capabilities, the size, the feel, and so on.  he's had no complaints so far, an is greatly enjoying the games :)

But wish I had the Note 2.... That's the problem with product: you buy one and few weeks later an improved model comes out...

The Galaxy Note is by far one of the best Android phones on the market! The size is not too big as to not fit in one's pocket, but big enough to read some ebooks!

Be careful! Ordered the GT-N7000 international version. The ad said - German is installed. Which was not the case - I received a totally different, a Korean version which does not allow German and other languages to be installed (rather Chinese and mixed English-Chinese or Korean (cannot read it). They shipped a different model (SHV-E160K). Further, I received a used unit with burned-in images, defective USB-cable, etc.

arrived quick and my husband loves his phone. we have been trying to buy one for months and each time we ordered, they were out of stock. but the wait was worth it.

I read several reviews... KSBAY almost looks like a Samsung employee review, however, along with what J,Rooney and others have written---this is one awesome phone.  I have used a number of different brand cell phones over the years (but never an IPhone) and the difference between the Galaxy Note and the others is just staggering!  I'm a pretty good sized guy so I wasn't worried about the size except for the problem with how to carry it around.  So far the fact that it fits in my shirt pockets nicely has sufficed.  Only have a problem when I wear a shirt without a pocket!I'm a bit paranoid about belt clips so I haven't found a case for it yet. I'm kinda hoping that the folks that make positive locking belt clips will make a Galaxy Note pouch.This phone is everything that everyone else is raving about!  Like ALL smart phones, you do have to check on the apps that you load... some are real battery hogs! Generally, I end the day with 70% or more of the battery remaining.  I suspect that I'm way below average on talk time but I'm also in extremely poor signal areas (both at home and at work).  I do use the phone extensively as though it were a tablet computer however.The large hi-res screen is such a pleasure to use. I highly recommend this phone to anyone that wants a cell phone but needs to deal with data too!

First let me say, I was not able to buy my Samsung Galaxy Note from amazon.com because they were sold out of them when I bought mine and I didn't want to wait.  I purchased mine from Wal-mart.  I LOVE amazon.com and buy the majority of everything here, except my Cabela's clothing and the majority of food products.  Another benefit to Wal-mart I HATE to admit is it DOES honor the 1 year warranty that comes from Samsung, per the Samsung rep on the Wal-mart site.  I may have paid a little less too.But amazon.com is my home so, I came here to review it for those who want the best smartphone made, except maybe for the "NEW" Samsung Galaxy Note "2!"Really, this phone does it all, it's the perfect size, I love that it has a nice large screen for easy viewing, these older eye's don't have to squint to read or see the screen!  It's lightening fast and very portable.  I don't go anywhere without it and I mean anywhere.  It goes to be with me!  So easy to use too.I must say, my favorite feature is the "voice" prompting software.  Works Great! I tell it to call my friend Patsy, it dials her number and calls her.  I tell it to navigate to the closest Panera Bread and it navigates to the closes Panera Bread.  I tell it play a song, it plays a song.  I tell it to find something on the net and it finds it.  I LOVE it!This phone is packed w/everything you can thing of.  If you want a device that becomes part of your life, than this is the one for you.  I LOVE IT!Thank you Samsung!Thanks Amazon for being one of my all time favorite companies. I support you in all your endeavors.Thanks for your wonderful customer service and support too!Samsung, Take a Bow, you made one Awesome Phablet!

Great Phone/Note that is so user friendly.  Easy to navigate and use.  Recommended for photos, emailing, wifi, storing music, and as a phone to text or call.

I can do any thing that I do on my laptop, with this phone. Samsung it really gets all  customer needs.

Just received my G-Note yesterday. It is simply the most amazing phone ever! The screen is amazing, Music Player is the best I have ever used! It fits easy ion my  pockets (I wear Levi's 511 Skinny, I am a guy) with no problem. Really really fast phone and in my case it's easy to hold, write sms, make calls, everyhing. MUST HAVE!

This phone is replacing my Google Nexus (HTC) which I loved. The Note screen is awesome, the speed fantastic and the phablet is great. Everyday I find or learn a new feature. I like the phone features (yes, its a phone a a pretty good one at that).Browsing is nice,  Google Play is full of apps so functionality is assured. The stylus feature is great. I bought a bigger S-pen and am learning to write again. My main issue is with battery life but I will tweak settings to get better battery life. I definately recommend this phone/tablet .... phablet phabulous!

Amazing phone, best I have ever used. size is great and not too big, but screen is great and beautiful. I thought I would never use the S-Pen but I use it all the time.

Amazing device works well.  Signed up with T-Mobile and I have no complaints. Wish there was a way to calibrate the S-pen. In Sketchbook and Draw and Share the pen is off to the left and as a Lefty, the  cursor is hidden.

I bought it with the idea of carrying only one gadget instead of a mobile phone as well as a laptop when I travel. Never owned an iPhone but thought its screen is too small. The Galaxy Note, which arrived only a couple of days ago, fits comfortably in my pocket and seems very user-friendly. I anticipate using it primarily as a mobile phone, short emails and text messages, taking "Kodak Moment" photos, and keeping to-do lists. It will not replace my laptop or desktop and it is still bulkier than an iPhone but being 'neither here, nor there" could be it's exactly where I want it. I also wanted some non-Samsung accessories but shipping cost far exceeded their price. I wish Amazon could bundle everything and ship only one box --free shipping.

Shipping:=========Okay - I got this phone just yesterday, shipping was so fast that I got it within two days, I have amazon prime shipping. No issues there!Phone:=======Take this - Hands down, the best phone on earth. And I'm not sure if iPhone can come any closer to this. The best phone! Amazing! No question what-so-ever! Hats off to Samsung for their best product yet!It's lightweight, just fits perfectly in my pocket. Good deal for me, I'm in love with this phone!Features:=========Amazing features, I haven't used all of them just yet. It's not even 24 hours yet so I can't comment on how great the other features are but so far, it's amazing. I can't get off this phone for a minute, it's like my new born baby.Issues:=======There are no known device issues. Battery last really long. Wi-fi, GPS, Bluetooth, and all other internet apps are running on this device, yet battery works really good.3G/4G/LTE:==========If you are big time data consumer, then you are in for a big time negative surprise. Yes, if you are living in US, then you won't be able to get 3G/4G/LTE on your GT-N7000 (International version) device. The reason being, in US, the 3G/4G/LET all works on a different bands that this international version doesn't support. I went to T-Mobile shop to get my $60 unlimitted plan with 2GB of data at 4G speed. The freak at the T-mobile shop told me right after buying their sim that this phone won't get 3G/4G speed as it's not compatible at their radio frequency. T-mobile operates it's 3G services at 1700MHZ band which this device doesn't support. If you have AT&T; version of this phone which is unlocked, you may get it working to get the 3G/4G services by hacking the note. But you running the risk of losing your device if something goes wrong. The hack they have right now was not tried in international version of this phone.Correction on 3G/4G: (06/01/2012)====================I have been trying with StraightTalk service $45 unlimitted text, call, data. It looks like I'm getting very good spead about 2.5 mbps to 4 mbps down and 2.5 mbps up. The network status keeps on changing from "H", "H+", and "3 G". So I don't really know if I can see "4G" but after some research it appears, "4G" is operating on "HSPDA+" that shows as "H+". So we can safely assume we can get "4G" speed if not "4G" status. Please note, it's on my note where I live. It could be different in differe places where the service is offered. So yes, it's possible you get resonable speed data on your Galaxy GT-N9000.*On wireless, it's blazing speed! A Monster!I haven't spoke to Samsung or the shipper to know more about this issue, but right now that's what everywhere on the internet.In simple term, if you are living in US, you can buy this device only if you are in love with it. T-Mobile sucks just like any other carrier, wish GT-N7000 offered 1700MHZ frequency by default on this device.I'm just waiting for someone to give a ROM that enables 1700MHZ on GT-N7000.

This is a great phone butFYIDO NOT BUY THIS PHONE REFURBISHED BECAUSE THE ONE MAY HAVE BEEN A COUNTERFEIT PHONE AND MANY OF THE FEATURES DIDN'T WORK.My friend has the same phone and it works great and had more features mine didn't haveIf you are going to buy this phone you need to buy it USED IN GOOD CONDITION OR BRAND NEW!!!!The company I bought it from was great and letting me return the phone for a full refund

Great phone its truly awesome.  It works as advertised and even though it the international version when you connect via wifi from the states it will automatically update the software or whatever updates are out for it, that's of course as long as the phone remains in it's stock state, does not apply if you root or run a custom rom.A++++

I have owned various Nokia , Samsung, Blackberry , Apple (IPh) and HTC phones last few years. I feel this is one of the best phones I have ever bought. This phone never ceases to amaze me.  I went on business trip ( to Asia) and it worked flawless ! Keep it up Samsung...You Rock !

if you turn the phone on without a sim card, then once you put in the sim you have to do a factory data reset otherwise you will only be able to use edge, even with the correct APN settings.edge =  ~200kbpsHSPA+ = ~7000kbpsAPN settings:Name: AT&T; (this doesn't really matter)APN: wap.cingularUsername: WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COMPassword: CINGULAR1MMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410APN type: internet + mmsall others can be left blank.As far as the phone goes, it's totally awesome! drawing stuff is really fun and reading long web pages is no longer annoying.

Undoubtly the best buy that i ever .made, friendl, fast, right size, good price, so many apps, gorgeous, an item that i suggest without fear

the galaxy note screen has a pattern of goin black. this product went black meaning no light but everythign else works after 2 months. i paid 600.00 for an unlocked version. what a waste of money. now i have to get my money back. i have spoken to samsung asia, usa and canada, and they cannot help. the company is a waste too. they said call amazon. are they really a service oriented company.  600.00 for a pile of crap.steve

These problems are with the international GT-N7000 modelWe have been wanting this phone since we saw it.  It could be a great phone, but there were just too many things that did not work on the international model GT-N7000.The real deal breaker is that wifi would not connect  - stops at obtaining ip address.  After hours of web searching found a common problem with the android ice cream update for this phone.  Some people wrote a patch, but it was too complicated for me - root, etc.2nd issue is that it does not support T-Mobile 3G, 4G data [1700 ].  Hardware supports, but a rom is needed. A group has pooled a $1k for some one to write it, but after a year no takers.  Does great on ATT.Wish it had worked, am returning with regret.

Has more functions than you can imagine. Handling is a little more complicated than iOS and a lot more complicated than Windows Phone. But once you get into it, you appreciate the functionality. Screen is superb and S-Pen is fun, especially for drawing, which works amazingly well. Device itself is five stars, four stars because of android - but maybe ICS will change that.

I've had this phone for a year now and my only complaint is that when the Micro SD or Phone Memory are close to full the phone becomes extremely sluggish. This is true for most smartphones out there, but I just thought I'd mention it as it would be great if someone could come up with a solution for said issue.I've dropped this phone more times than I can remember now, so I definitely recommend getting a protective case/screen protector for it. My screen protector is from SPIGEN --&#62; http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0069EGL7W and my case is from BoxWave --&#62; http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000H13M2KThe phone comes stock with Gingerbread, but upgrading to ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) is extremely easy. Simply plug the phone into your computer using the supplied data cable and launch Samsung Kies. The update will be available there for you.Jelly Bean has recently been released for the Galaxy Note GT-N7000 but I have yet to install it. It looks very easy to do though, I just haven't gotten around to it yet. By upgrading to Jelly Bean you have almost all of the functionality of the Note II, so that is great news.

To Whom It May Concern:I just want you to know I am very dissatisfied with your service. I ordered 2 Samsung Galaxy Note phones and I received 2 sealed packing boxes and when I opened one of them, there was another packing box inside reaped open with no phone and battery inside. The other box was fine. It had the phone and complete accessories all together, but the other phone was missing. I reported this fact to Amazon because I needed to have these items as soon as I could since I was travelling and I didn't have them. Unfortunately, I missed the opportunity to get the good deals you were offering because now the phone has increased in price.Sincerely,Jose Guerra

I bought it to use in Brasil for test purpose. Everyone involving in the test is happy and enjoying it.

The phone is great. I needed a larger screen for my big hands and failing eyes. I have had this phone for 4 months now and most pleased with it's performance. Battery has not been an issue at all, esp my wife calls me all day long, plus I like to play a game or watch streaming videos from the internet. We have had only 1 issue with the phone, which was Samsung's fault (a Samsung software update mishap), that was quickly resolved by FGS Trading in less than 8 hrs after I wrote to them. I will have this seller on the top of my safe & trusted list for future purchases and would highly recommend them to anyone.

Most of the time I carry around a heavy laptop when all I really need to do is check email, write a simple text document, or do a quick update on my website.  With my Note I can do all that and more.  FINALLY I can ditch the laptop (at least most of the time).  Polaris Office that came pre-installed does most of what I need and Android has dozens of apps available to edit websites.  One of the things that makes this easy is the 5.3 inch screen.  I've been using a 2.5 inch screen on a smart phone for about 2 years and it's just not big enough for more than sending short text messages.  The screen is also perfect for watching movies or TV shows while you're on a long trip.I live in China and just got a 3G account at China Unicom.  The way I understand it, they're the only 3G provider that does WCDMA - a faster version of 3G the Note is designed for.  The speed is decent enough for reading the news and writing short articles on my website (I'd love to know how well this phone works on a 4G network).  One of the other things this phone comes in handy for is Chinese character practice or looking up characters in an electronic dictionary (I recommend Pleco for the serious student).  That's where the screen size comes in handy again and the stylus is a big bonus.  I can't think of any portable device that would work as well even if that's all you used it for.I have a friend who's an amateur artist and has been able to do some AMAZING things with the S Memo app and the stylus.  If you draw/sketch, this is a great phone to have with you.Now that I've just raved about the screen size I'll mention that it has drawbacks.  People have said that it feels like you're putting a small book to your ear and I'd have to agree a little.  It's not bad for a short conversation, but it's a little awkward.  I'd suggest a Bluetooth earpiece with good noise reduction especially if you ride on crowded Chinese buses.  And if you're as clumsy as I am you'll want a decent case with a good grip.  The case itself can get a little slippery and you don't want to drop this one.Battery life is an issue so I'd also advise considering an extra battery or an external battery pack/portable power pack.  The phone will last a good 12 - 14 hours, but don't plan on doing much surfing on WIFI/3G.  If you're not going to be able to plug in every night (train travel in Asia is like that) you'll need something to get you through until your next wall outlet.  I expected this.  You can't have this much screen and think you can go 4 or 5 days without charging.This phone may not be for everyone, but it's DEFINITELY the phone for me.

Android has many features that iOS is lacking, but its reliability is nowhere near as good.  This phone will randomly shut off without reason, it will randomly freeze, it will lag.  It's a great idea but the software is just like stepping back in time to symbian or something.  Also, the build quality is pretty cheap.There are also stupid random limitations put forth by samsung like artificially low note lengths, only being able to send notes at jpg files etc.But really... The main problem is the software is just not reliable.Considering the price and supposed quality level, this is a one star phone.  It's not terrible, it's just okay.  But if you spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars you should be getting something way better than this.It's basically an amazing idea with EXTREMELY mediocre execution.

2012 called. It said it wanted it's triple duty device. Kept saying that it wanted a phone, a tablet and a notepad all in one or else.....Luckily, Samsung answered.The mobile phone / tablet market seems to be heading towards touchscreen only devices, styluses not included. Market leaders seem to have forgotten that some of us like to "write" instead of type. By limiting their input methods, they're forcing us to adapt to them, not making their products adapt to us. The Galaxy Note is a product that goes in the opposite direction. It allows you the flexibility to use it the way you want, whether you prefer to type, write or touch.I've purchased it unlocked and since I bought it, I leave my cell phone and tablet at home. I no longer need to carry them round. It was a hassle carrying around my tablet + a stylus for writing notes, my laptop for all the other stuff and a cellphone to make calls. The Galaxy Note replaced my tablet and cell phone in one easy swoop, with no adjustment issues. I still carry my laptop though ( for more demanding work)As a product, to me. the Note makes perfect sense. A 1280 x 800 resolution(285 pixels per inch - high pixel density) 5.3 inch SuperAMOLED screen ( bright, colorful, sharp ), makes The Note the perfect size for for quickly jotting down notes as well as carrying with you. Games and videos look brilliant on the 5.3 inch screen. Reading E-Books is fun and you don't have to squint to make out words like on a regular phone.Some reviewers have claimed that the phone isn't portable, that's not true. It fits easily in my pockets. I wear regular jeans though, not super skinny stop blood flow to my organs jeans. The Note is 178 grams, has a sleek profile and doesn't weigh you down.It's backed by other high end features like a dual core 1.4 ghz processor, 16 gb inbuilt memory + a micro SD card slot (Compatible with 32gb cards) GSM cell phone capabilities, 8 mp rear camera (1080 capable at 17mbps bitrate - clean crisp video), 2 mp front camera, and most importantly, the S - Pen. This makes the G-Note a capable notepad replacement. Need to jot down an idea quick? Make a shopping list? It's easy with the S-Pen. The S-Memo app that was specifically designed for taking notes with the S-Pen is smooth and responsive. It's perfect for using in conjunction with the S-Pen to write stuff down. However, in case you don't like the S-Memo app, you could download for your G-Note from the Amazon android market, apps like CATCH and SKITCH. Both are free, support the S-Pen and are great note taking / annotation tools.Battery life is brilliant, considering the screen and processor powering the G-Note it easily lasts for a 2 days if used heavily (Web browsing, emails, phone calls,Note taking, games) and goes up till 3 days if you stick to non-demanding activities such as phone calls and web browsing.Some of the "real world" ways in which I've used this phone areClick a photo, jot down notes on it, send it to an interior designer.Make annotations to an email.Jot down drawings.Write a shopping list.Make a Travel Expense planSurf the internet (with flash enabled on demand ) so if I want to watch a flash video, it's up to me. Not anyone else.Edit photosMake phone / Skype video callsRead Kindle booksConnect it to a PC monitor through a (MHL) USB to HDMI adapter and used a bluetooth keyboard to type out emails and watch movies. (Just for the heck of it - considering the G-Note has the specifications of a top of the line notebook from a few years ago, I wanted to test it out. If you feel like doing the same, you'll need aMenotek Micro USB to HDMI MHL Adapter for Samsung Galaxy S2, HTC Evo 3D, HTC Evo 4G Tablet, HTC Sensation 4G, Sprint Epic 4G Touch, Galaxy Nexus)For me, the Galaxy Note shows what Samsung is capable of and what other companies should / could do if they weren't too scared of giving a customer a complete product instead of making him buy 2 products to do the job of one. Brilliant engineering, great design and a solid, flexible product that takes the place of two products in one easy move. In my opinion, in 2012, this is truly, the best of both worlds. Pocketable, portable, capable and fast. I no longer feel the need to buy an iPad2 or a Galaxy Tab 10 or any other tablet. The Note goes with me everywhere, in my pocket and does whatever I need it to do. It definitely gets my vote for best mobile phone / hybrid tablet for 2012. Highly recommended.Technical Specifications (from Samsung.com) - for those who may be interestedQuad-band GSM and quad-band 3G support5.3" 16M-color Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen of WXGA resolution (800 x 1280 pixels)Android OS v2.3.5 with TouchWiz 4 launcher1.4 GHz dual-core Cortex-A9 CPU, Mali-400MP GPU, Exynos chipset, 1GB of RAMPre-bundled with the S Pen active stylus2MP secondary video-call camera8 MP wide-angle autofocus camera with LED flash, face, smile and blink detectionVideo recording of up to 1080p@30fpsDual-band Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g and n support; Wi-Fi Direct and Wi-Fi hotspotGPS with A-GPS connectivity; Digital compass16/32GB internal storage, microSD slotAccelerometer, gyroscope and proximity sensorStandard 3.5 mm audio jackCharging MHL microUSB port with USB host and TV-out (1080p through optional adapter) supportStereo Bluetooth v3.0FM radio with RDS9.7 mm slim / weighs 178gFull Flash support and GPU-acceleration for the web browser permit 1080p flash video playbackNFC support (optional)Document editor2500 mAh batteryHope this helps!

6/4/12After reading multiple reviews and communicating with Amazon via email and phone regarding warranties and upgrades, I ordered the Samung Galaxy Note GT-N7000 International version in Blue. If you go to the main Amazon link below you'll find several options to order, a couple from Amazon Marketplace vendors and one that is sold by and shipping by Amazon with no intermediate vendor involved.[...]At this link, one of the vendors will be featured. The others appear on the right side of the page under more buying choices. The Amazon direct purchase is the one that is priced about $5 higher than the others. When I ordered it was $524.99. The others were $518 to $520.The reason I'm being so specific here is that comments on other reviews show a variety of experiences, claims, and surprizes. Some people received a phone where the language had to be reset to English. Some received a phone that had a separate adapter added to the order to fit the US power receptacle. Some phones went into setup and indicated that an operating system upgrade was immediately available. Claims have been made that the phones have no warranty or a third party warranty. Others claim that phones sold and shipped by Amazon are not upgradeable to Ice Cream Sandwich.Here's what I've learned about the phone I ordered that was sold and shipped by Amazon.Before ordering I had emailed Amazon with the warranty and upgrade questions. Receiving answers from first level reps at Amazon that didn't know what I was talking about I emailed back, whereupon I received an email requesting an evaluation of the service I had received and option to have Amazon call me immediately to answer my questions. I exercised that option and was immediately called by Sergio at Amazon. He said he would have to check with Samsung and called me back again after about a half hour assuring me the Amazon would handle any inquiries I had about warranted problems and upgrades. He followed up with an email, the germane part of which I have included below.Hello,I'm providing a follow-up e-mail to our conversation.As we discussed, if you purchase the Samsung Galaxy Note GT-N7000 Unlocked Phone--International Version you will have a 24 months warranty as long as you are within US.I hope this solution works for you. We hope to see you again soon.Thank you for your inquiry. Did I solve your problem?If you need further assistance, please visit: http://www.amazon.com/helpBest regards,Sergio M[...]So what happened when I received my phone?The phone was received in the original box, which was sealed with the usual stamp.All parts listed as being included were in the box, including a small power adapter with the US prongs. No separate adapter was needed.Included in the box were a small Samsung manual and warranty card, both in Spanish.When the phone battery was charged and it and my SIM card were inserted I turned on the phone and it went directly into the usual welcome screen showing the time and a picture. Having read the full online manual online, I knew about the screen lock and had to unlock the welcome screen by pulling the padlock icon out of the circle to get into the main icon screen. It opened in English. There was no need to reset the language.The online manual says that if it's the first time the phone is turned on it should enter a setup procedure. This never happened.At this point I went to register the product on the Samsung website where I had previously registered a couple other Samsung products, so I logged in with my usual login information. I was asked enter the name or model number of the product. I first enter GT-N7000. The model number wasn't recognized so I entered Galaxy Note and and it listed the model numbers of all the AT&T; versions of the phone (i717) but no GT-N7000. Above the response there was a link to click for products outside the US. Clicking on this presented two available downloads for the Kies softwere, one for MAC and one for Windows.Kies software is Samsung's analog to iTunes, which when installed on your computer allows you keep music, photo, and video files on your phone synced with files on your computer. As with iTunes, it also allows the firmware on your phone to be upgraded as new updates come out.When I installed and ran the Kies software and pluged the phone in the USB port of the computer using the included cable, it installed drivers and identified the phone with no problems. Included on the confirmation screen was a message that the firmware was the latest available, and giving the ID number of the firmware.Now this can mean on of two things: either the 4.0 upgrade to ICS is not available yet on this Spanish phone, which could, for all we know, be going to Columbia or some country way down on the upgrade list, or Samsung may never offer another upgrade. I guess time will tell. But, a least I know how to check for upgrades using Kies.As far as the phone goes, it is everything I expected after exhaustive research. I'm not sure I even need ICS. The phone is very fast and fluid, the screen is great, and all the apps I've downloaded went on without a hitch. It's definitely a keeper.If I don't receive any further updates, I'll take it up with Amazon since they've made a lot of promises that they better keep, or I'll demand it be replaced with the next version coming out at the end of the year. If I recieve the update I'll amend this post to let you know.

This phone is great to be honest I have never had not one issue with it and mine is international etc. I connected with Solavie/T-mobile back boned company prepaid and had no issue at all with them and had T-mobile signal soooo don't know what other issues people are having. For me though, it has been great love the phone HD camera etc love it! Memory is ok but there is a slot to improve that area. Standard sim card slot. I personally think anybody would love this phone and for the price its not bad at all for having a great hd phone. But, if you connect it go to that company and enroll no contract with them i believe its $49 unlimited talk text data nationwide 4g the whole shabang. Look I was happy and so you are as well.... [...] (that's were i went to go for solavie/tmobile) but anyhow you can't beat the price for the phone and the quality love it!

The phone I received, "sold and shipped by Amazon", came with Android 2.3.6 which is very old.  Since T-mobile doesn't carry this phone, I always get message "No update available" when I check for an update.  I saw a few articles online about manually hacking the phone to update to the newest Android version, but apparently there is a risk of "bricking" the phone if you do it wrong, and I'm not willing to take that chance after I bricked my HTC Amaze. :pAnd, as documented on many websites, Tmobile can't give 3G or 4G internet speed to this phone because it isn't compatible with their data transmission bands (although that might change at some point in future months/years).But I love the screen and the size; yes it fits fine in my pockets, but I don't wear tight jeans.I bought this to use on airplanes to watch movies, and it's a great size for that if you don't want to go as big as a tablet.Also, great call sound quality and reception, and I get long battery life (with GPS and Wifi disabled).

I bought this phone in June and just started using it two days ago. What was really funny was that it took more than 3 hours to get the phone fully charged but its battery only lasted for less than half a day even if I didn't use it very often. Therefore I took a closed at the cable today and found that it's not for samsung! It's a cable from sony erricsson!!!! I really don't understand how this could happen......

I bought this phone, in THE US, from a legitimate vendor. But the battery suddenly died. I called the support in the US and after the usual multiple phone threads they told me it is "an international device and they can't help me" They gave me UK's customer support and this is the email I got from them:"Since you purchased your handset in the US I would asume it is a US handset and therefore warranty would be within that country.It would be very costly to yourself to have the phone shipped over to the UK also so I would strongly advise contacting Samsung US.If you require any further assistance, please contact Samsung again and we will be more than happy to help.Kind regards,KrisOnline Support TeamSAMSUNG Customer Support Centre"So, I called the US support again, and they told me call UK. In other words, I am hosed. So here it is....Your device dies...and you might as well junk it.....so buy it at your peril.

Great phone! yes very nice good no problems. The battery last only about 24 hrs so you need to keep it charged. All in all, its is worth the purchase of this product.

Fast and very good to use as gps and to play games.... My wife have the galaxy S2 now and I'm keeping the note. Great phone.

Love the S-Pen, the Micro SD & Sim Card features but the web on this thing leaves a bit to be desired for me since I haven't figured out how to download pictures & music from the Web on it yet & that is crucial to me. Also sometimes when I tilt the phone- even though I have turn off the "toggle" feature, it will enter screens or apps that I know I didn't place my finger near. Weird & needs some slight tweaking "in my humble opinion."

I am so happy, finally a phone that makes iphone looks like S***. I was sick of using iphone and wanted a real smart phone. Love this phone. great display, fast and great applications. The only problem I can think of is the battery life, but then its easily replaceable.

Excellent phone that worked flawlessly out of the box. It's my first day using it but I'm very impressed by how easy & fast the update to ICS 4.0.3. was!Note inside package sacred me as it indicated that the phone is not for Verison customers but so far I encountered no issues using Verison SIM card (did not have time to setup SMS or MMS yet).Phone is very fast & screen response is amazing. I have been using the phone to make calls & surf the web with very good battery life. Charger footprint is excellent & fits well in a crowded outlet.I'm very pleased with this purchase & the seller who included a note on how to change the language to English (my phone came with German as the default language).

I've had many different android phones and this one is by far, the best of all of them, it is too big for some people, however the sizing is just perfect. I'm just waiting for ICS update to have the phone complete. I really recommend this phone.

I am so exited about this phone! i just got it in the mail :) yayyyy lol..... The phone is amazing the seller is amazing too i got it in 6 days and when i un-boxed it it was in German but the seller had a note in the box it showed how to change the language and they also sent an adapter cuz it is international! :) yayyyyyy  i am so happy best b-day gift ever!!! My mom is the best lol... I am so happy i went with this phone instead of the Iphone 4s
