
After 3-4 different BlackBerry models, my wife and I decided we wanted to get something that was a little more versatile. The Amaze had the latest 1.5 GHz Dual Core Processor with 1 GHz of RAM, an 8 mp camera and was T-Mobile's top of the line Android so we chose the best of the best! As it stated, it was an extremely fast phone with plenty of versatility but... What we didn't anticipate was the battery life that it takes to do all of those really cool things compared to our old, battery miser BlackBerries! Once we learned how to manage our battery life by turning off options we weren't using - and bought external battery chargers to keep with us so that we didn't have to just pretend like our phone could do this and that but never use them to make batteries last... WE LOVE THEM!! We tried LG G2x's before these and they were junk compared to HTC's technology and user friendly layout!!

Mine shuts off and restarts, on average, about 3 times a day. No good help from HTC, so I'm just counting the days until I can get rid of it. The physical design is irritiating too: protruding screen, full back comes off, and it's difficult to hold. However, the camera and screen resolution are nice. Overall, avoid it if at all possible. Lots of problems you won't get any help with.

The battery life, as expected, is horrible... I'm getting a new one. The phone itself is not bad.Physical features:Very sturdy but also very heavyoverall it looks and feels good.Internal features:Mine came with ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) but I rooted and put Jelly Bean on it. It is very fast and responsive. I don't have any problem with it so far.The only problem with this phone is battery life, Which can be solved by getting anker batteries (I believe they have over 2100 mAh) which is a lot more than the OEM 1730 mAh, meaning a lot more battery life.

This phone is very good.check out specs on gsmarena.com .It compares to the galaxy s3 and has a fast processer and great user interface.Only con with this phone is battery life.I looked at the reviews and all talk about poor battery life.bought a second battery so will see how it goes.

When you consider buying a handset out of contract, the $400-700 price tag can be quite a shocker. HTC has really done an amazing job with the Amaze 4G, but it is already out-shined, out-classed and out-done by the recently announced HTC One series devices.That said, the Amaze features plenty of internal storage, a great camera, a beautiful display and is everything one could want in an Android powered smartphone. The exterior design is gorgeous and it operates on the fastest 3+G network in the country with T-Mobile. Unfortunately, the unlocking really doesn't do much good to those in the US as T-Mobile's 3G/4G network uses specific frequencies that AT&T; and other rivals cannot use. The only real carrier option besides T-Mo is SIMPLE Mobile and their $60 a month prepaid option. This is the sort of device that shines on the AWS frequencies though, so it's definitely worth a solid look if you need to replace an Android device out of contract on T-Mobile.In 2-4 months, the Amaze will be a freebie device on contract and quite a steal. The non-contract/unlocked version will still set you back $300-400 and be worth every penny. For now, T-Mobile offers a great prepaid device for $200 in the Samsung Exhibit II 4g [...] that will easily power you through the next year and doesn't set you back 4 or 5 Ben Franklins.

Ok, so the phone has a great screen, awesome camera, runs smoothly, functions great.....but the battery life is POOR. I am by no means a 'power user' and I have to charge the thing EVERY NIGHT!  I turned the screen brightness down, turn the WiFi off when I don't need it but the phone is still a power hog.It also comes with some 'bloatware' that is absolutely useless and uninstallable, that is unless you root the phone (which voids warranty)..Oh yeah  and it also has  CarrierIQ installed..which for those of you who don't know.Is an application that logs and transmits to your provider  EVERYTHING you do.  All keystrokes, button presses  etc..Update, from the last,,So the phone now just randomly shuts itself off and reboots for no apparent reason.  Everything is updated & current, which leads me to believe this is the source of the problems.  The phone would never shut off prior to the last update a few months ago.I gave up on it and just bought the Galaxy S4, which so far is great and is far superior to the Amaze

i bought this one "brand new" $380 at Amazon.com back in June 2012. i am not sure if this one is the same model or same seller where i got it from. last year tmobile announced that HTC Amaze got new ICS upgrade and this year they have upgraded ICS as well. I tried OTA but it said "your phone is up to date, no new software available for your phone". then i found out it's Singapore version of HTC Ruby, i tried to contact HTC and T-mobile(since T-mobile has HTC Amaze), but they couldn't help me to get ICS. even HTC advised me to get phone rooted and get custom ROM. I tried that Amaze Memory Clean on HTC's website (i contacted the original seller, and he/she replied with the link to [...]) dude, i knew every trick already. this phone battery drains fast and drop calls sometimes, i think this is due to different configuration and spec on the phone. HTC and T-mobile both said that this phone is designed to work better if you live in Singapore and you may get upgrade to ICS there. I paid $380 for this useless phone (i just use it to make calls, browse internet, text, facebook, twitter) I think I am stuck with Gingerbread from now.

the phone is awesome in it's specifications i like it, it's my favorite one, but the battery it's sucks i didn't expect that would be takes to much power even though if you use it or not , when i got the phone i charge it in full the next day i put it in my car once i got off from work i found the battery level too low, right now it's ok by decreasing the brightness, a little bit it's fine .

I have to amend my review of the Amaze after owning it for 11 months. HTC's update to Android 4.0.3 (Ice Cream Sandwich) has broken WiFi so that it fails to connect to corporate access points. They have had increasing complaints about Bluetooth connectivity with in-car systems. I've found that HTC's proprietary software makes "Android beaming" with a straight Android tablet largely futile.The worst problem: my Amaze locks up and reboots, or shuts itself off without reason, several times a month. This is unacceptable in a mobile device, particularly one based on the Linux kernel.Yes, it exhibits these problems even after a factory reset and not updating any applications.T-Mobile and HTC have made excuses for several months, and left customers with phones that only partly deliver on the marketing. Now I'm stuck with a crappy phone, proprietary HDMI adapter that I can't use with another phone, and several charge cables which are likewise specific to this phone.I will never buy another HTC device again. Never.** UPDATE **I eventually discovered one reason for the power problems: simply rubbing the screen (with the phone in "sleep") against cloth would cause the phone to turn off. A week or two after discovering this, I bought a Nexus 4 and put this in storage with the battery removed. When HTC/T-Mobile release an update I tried powering it back up ... the battery wouldn't charge at all, the phone wouldn't start. At all. T-Mobile sent a replacement (manufactured circa April, 2012), and this phone charged up the battery and started fine. With the fully charged battery back in the bad handset (the third one I'd received from T-Mobile, by the way), it would power up, but wouldn't charge at all (yes, with HTC chargers and cables, not third party accessories). I sent it back in disgust.The current replacement functions well enough. I've unlocked and rooted it and now use it as a backup. Battery life is still disappointing with a moderate quantity of apps running. But since this phone will connect to my HDTV, I can use it for gaming (my daughter loves it), Hangouts, music, video, reading.The 2013 One is by accounts a fantastic phone, and a few colleagues have bought it. Seems HTC finally figured out how to make a good phone again. But I'm pretty embittered by my experience with the Amaze ... and the Google Nexus 4 is a phenomenal phone in every way.

this phone was in vary good condition i had to lite a fire to start thing moving but the phone is every thing i wanted and more it was unlocked but who cares i got 2 screen protesters  2 fully charged battery's!! a box that looked pretty dam good  a case that is vary good and better than the one i bought  there was some things that was lied to about when it was shipped and about being unlocked which who cares in the end i got more than i want and expected.p.s. i am an american soldier and i would buy from this seller in a hart beat for my family also cant say in words how grate deal that i got person keep up the good work man you deserve this rating

I thought we were getting a phone to be use for that price, when arrived the phone was dead..completely dead

Although the HTC phone had nice features, it completely died after 3 months. When I contacted HTC to have warranty work done, they required an invoice with proof of purchase. After faxing my Amazon invoice to HTC they declined the warranty work due to the fact the serial number or IMEI number of the phone was not on the invoice, and out right refused to accept that invoice. Then I proceeded to try to contact the original seller (WirelessXperts) to see if I could get and invoice that contained the serial and or IMEI number of the phone. After several attempts of trying to contact WirelessXperts, I received absolutely NO response from that company. After dealing with the three companies (Amazon, HTC, and WirelessXperts), the ONLY company that worked diligently with me, was Amazon. Amazon TRULY appreciates their customers and works hard to keep them happy. Sometimes, a quality hard to find in today's companies. Amazon ROCKS, and I will continue to buy from them with total confidence. As far as HTC and WirelessXperts goes, I will never purchase another HTC product, nor buy from WirelessXperts in the future. Customer service is a top priority when purchasing. Amazon gets great marks for customer service, HTC and WirelessXperts failed, miserably. Amazon will continue to get my business, the other two will not.

Exelent condition, almost as described but not unlocked. I already unloked it, in fact, im happy with the phone, yeah.

The t moblie rep talked me into buying this. I wanted a galaxy.. its strong , powerful and does a hell of a lot more than I need. I wanted to send videos to my clients,,,short clips. I spent a lot for this phone, has taken me a month to be able to run some of the features. I bought the dummies android book to help. I like the phone. so far in its super case, and another case has resisted two falls. 4 g is the future , arrived. buy a phone that can go there.I bought for business use, and it has paid for itsself in a month. I did not want a locked down contract, so its month to month.I was sent a phone with the battery in, no charging cords,no extras, I am sure it was a used phone. company denies it. be warned.

it was fine at the beginning, pretty nice device, a little heavy but looks goodbut i think there's an issue with this model becausestopped working suddenly,.. the screen went black, and sometimes white... the point is, i dont recommed this model at all

Had the phone from T-Mobile for a year now.  Actually 3, my kids and me.  First they restart constantly.  Second the battery becomes loose quickly and won't charge well.  Last the on-off button becomes loose very quickly and the camera button has to be used to turn it on.  Terrible, terrible phone.

The phone is very fast. Your screen HD streams videos fine. The only problem is the short battery time.But in everything else I give 100%

I love this phone.  Liked it so much I bought a second for my wife!  I was going to get a One series, but the non-removable battery wasn't an option as I travel so much and need to swap when needed.  Both the 8MP rear and 2MP front cameras are great.  I use the front for Skype when traveling and the wife loves the quality over my laptop's built in camera.  The dedicated camera and video buttons are a nice feature compared to my old Desire.  Only real fault is the button lights on the home row bleed into the screen area.  Now T-Mobile needs to hurry with the Ice Cream Sandwich update!

I dont know why but the phone keeps cutting off. I dont know whats wrong. I hate it.... It crazy

I got this one for my wife and..... She loves it.  What more do I need to say? Five stars!

Just got this phone and it can be pretty overwhelming right out the box. I hadn't upgraded my phone for several years and I have never owned an Android OS phone. (until now of course)That said, I am very impressed with this phone. You may hear complaints about battery life and in call speaker volume. I can tell you that if you aren't paying attention to all the stuff you got running and are trying to max out this phone's capabilities all day long, yes, the battery goes very fast. I ordered an extra extended life battery off ebay for around 40 dollars and I plan on keeping the car charger close by.The in call speaker didn't seem abnormally bad to me. Besides, I doubt you're going to be actually talking on it that much anyway seeing as the features that are packed inside it. But, for those of us that do still like to talk, I didn't find the volume bad at all. I'm not smashing the phone aggressively inside my ear all the time just to hear or nothin'.A couple of gripes I do have are the charger and 3.5mm headphone terminals. It might just be the stock charger, but I find it really difficult to just get the connector into the terminal (pervert ;)). When I try it don't seem to fit and I don't want to jam it in and risk damaging the phone.The headphone jack is pretty rough going in. Then, once the headset is connected, if the jack moves much, you can lose some or all sound. It also crackles a bit when moved and this can be particularity annoying for those of us that are listening to tunes while active.Size is also going to be a concern for some people. Most of the pictures of the Amaze 4g do not do it justice. This is a sizable phone. A side-by-side comparison of my Amaze 4g and my buddies iPhone 4 yielded the Amaze 4g being thinner, but noticeably wider and taller. If you haven't seen this phone before you order it, the size of it will take you by surprise out of the box, at least it did for me.Alright, so on to the goods. The GUI (graphical user interface) is extremely fluid. Processing power is impressive. As long as you pay attention to task manager and manage running apps, plenty of memory. Settings galore. The 5 home screens are completely customizable allowing you to implant any number of apps and widgets. Live wallpapers are pretty sweet too.Complaints about the advertised 16gb of internal storage actually coming out to less than 10 are correct. I wasn't upset about it because that's just how internal storage works. The specifications about the internal storage capacity refer to the drive when its "bare bones", meaning nothing on it. Once HTC installs the operating system and Tmobile puts some crap ware on it about 10 is just what you get. Same deal with computer hard drives. If you need more, just grab an SD card or two, they are pretty affordable these days.About crap ware, there really isn't a whole lot on here. The usual malls, account stuff, useless anti-spyware program, and a couple other things but nothing that really bothers me.I would love to review the camera because I have seen a lot of hype about it but I haven't really used it much yet. Maybe I'll update later.To sum it all up, if a bigger phone isn't you, you can't handle the sucky battery life, a ton of settings get confusing or a rough fit for the charging and headphone jacks are really that much of a turnoff, might wanna look else where.But, if you are a bit of a geek, love messing with settings, get excited about little things such as an amazingly bright screen, animated wallpapers, 1gb of RAM, 1.5Ghz processor, almost unlimited apps, a top notch wi-fi card, a great on-screen keyboard, being able to easily detach the back plate from the rest of the phone by this handy little button on the bottom, then this phone is absolutely for you.Although I've been out of the mobile world for a bit, my tech experience is there. I've been in a Bachelor's program for IT for about 5 years (part time) and messing with computers and gadgets is just something I like to do in my free time. I also do a ton of research on phones before I buy. I highly recommend doing the same for phones such as this are a major investment. It usually takes me months to decide on a phone.

El mejor telefono en el mercado indiscutiblemente las capacidades de este telefono superan por mucho las del iphon 4s  el unico inconbeniente es que la pila le queda corta a este imprecionante telefono

The Best HTC phone available in the market today. The 4G speed are amazing and extremely fast. Once you have tried out 4G, you never want to go back to 3G. The phone is also amazing with load of features. Too bad it is not available in the UK, South East Asia or in Europe. Forget about any other HTC, Sony Ericcson or Motorola phones in the market today, this is the phone one's should and must have or go for the HTC Raider 4G, which is equally as good though the processor is not as fast as the HTC Amaze 4G. Excellent 8 Meg camera on both models with loads of extra features available on the HTC Amaze 4G only.Go to [...] for the lowest price as well as for the lowest shipping cost. Even the retailers on Amazon.com is not as cheap both for the handset and shipping cost. Customer services on [...] are excellent and respond is spot on within 24 hrs.Can't wait for HTC to launch their quad core handsets in the next few weeks.

I have used many phones over the past couple of years and I can tell you this is the best Android phone your money can buy. It even beats iphone 4s (except for the iOS). The look, feel and the user experience is just awesome! Dont be fooled by the Galaxy SII reviews preferring over HTC amaze - Go with this phone and you wont regret!

Have to be honest,I never wrote a review beforebut all I can say in short it is all I expected it to be !!!

The phone came defective so I had to sent it back, today july 31/2013.Honestly I waited long enough (7 days) to receive something that doesn't work, I think &#34;catch it&#34;  should check their merchandise before they send it out to customers. It is to bad because I really like that phone and it was exactly what I was looking for. It was a waste of time and effort. Thanks  Roberto Puerta

This phone is Amazing and is the best phone I ever owned. You will not be disappointed. Better than the SGS2.

I placed my order in on Friday before Labor Day to my surprise come Tuesday I received my package!! They delivered way ahead of the estimated delivery day. The packaging was decent, everything came in its original box with labeled stickers and shrink wrap. I registered my SIM and got it working right away. I tried it with a At&t SIM but it didnt quite work maybe the sim was a little old. I emailed Joes Online and they replied back that same day and gave me my gsm unlock code. Whats even better is that it was already updated to ICS!! I didnt have to do a thing. There service is awesome!! I would recommend them to a friend.

The phone is as described and arrived on time. I love it .Though is just few days it is working peoperly

you are one of the unlucky ones that paid full price for a phone that worked perfectly for 6 months and then it started shutting down by itself sometimes 4-5 times a day and it wouldn't charge more then 20%. Got a brand new battery. Now I'm on my 3rd exchanged (refurbished) HTC and still shutting down. Reading the blogs it is a known issue that is a hit or miss and no one knows how to fix it. Very, very disappointed. Wouldn't recommended it. Should have bought Galaxy II instead. What a waste of $500.00

Hello all here is my Review it has been a few months i cant find my receat so i dont quite know any way i got the phone not unlocked but at least the seller told me the server was down so i talked to them and they took care of that probblem quite quick and nice but the screen looks very nice it moves fast and usually smooth i wold rather have a 6core cell phone but hey what ever one thing that got me is the battery it did fine when i got it did not have any charge witch is very bad a battery must come to you with a little charge or u might as well trash it that is what i found out to be the probblem with the phone crashing every so often then more and more ITS BECAUSE the BATTERY so dont put down the phone its a very good phone just the Battery Sucks so dont get a Replacement OEM Battery they also dont work also i updated before the official update came out and my Wifi is Fine it does not lockup or reboot so if you ever get this it is your update not the phone.

This product has basically been discontinued by HTC - there's absolutely no technical support from HTC, I really mean it, zero. You can try contacting them, there's no one to talk or complain about it and they simply won't reply your emails. I've never been able to update it to Ice Cream Sandwich - you can basically forget about it, and there are a bunch of very silly glitches that annoy me and just can't be fixed, such as getting a message every time you connect to a new antenna. When I'm travelling abroad this is the worst thing in the world. I gave it a three month trial. I've also bought one for my dad and he begged me to return it. I'm sick of it and I am returning them. HTC never again. I'm glad I've bought it through Amazon.

I've had a lot of issues with smartphones in the past. System crashing, lag, poor voice quality. This is This is the first smart phone I've had that actually has the internal hardware to run whatever I want smoothly and consistently. HTC is great at supporting their hardware and the free update to ICS has kept the phone sleek and modern. I also really like the feel of the phone, many smart phones focus so much on being super light they they end up feeling cheap and I'm worried I'll accidentally snap them like a twig. HTC actually uses metal in their design giving the phone a little more weight and a very distinct feel of quality, with modern design.In short-Excellent Speed-Consistent Software updates-Modern, durable design.-16Gb of memory built right in-4g speed-Micro SD support up to an additional 32gb.-Consphone only comes in white and black.

EXCELLENT FORM NEW. JUST WAT NEEDED. BATTERY LAST MORE DAYS ON A SINGLE CHARGE WEN U SET A LOWER BRITNESS DISPLAY. ITS FAST .

I've owned this phone for a bit over a year and a half now and been very pleased with it on the whole. It's fast, the screen is beautiful and vibrant, the camera works very well, and I really like the metal construction of it- it looks fantastic and feels quite a bit more solid than a typical glass-on-plastic candy bar phone. I'd give it 5 stars and for any typical end-user I'd highly recommend it, but as a nerd there's one problem not related to the phone itself that I'll touch on below.NOTE FOR NERDS:For whatever reason this phone was almost totally skipped over by the developer community, so if you are planning on rooting it and updating the OS you'll be in the weeds a bit. While by far the most easily rooted Android device I've owned, ROMs for the phone are considerably less prevalent than other devices of similar vintage. As of the time of this writing (8/2013) there is only recently a nightly beta of CyanogenMod 10.1 / Jellybean with a number of things non- or semi-functional.

only problem i have, which is for android as a operation system is that group messaging doesnt work. besides that this phone has been the best phone ive had! i do have problems with keyboard and spelling but thats litterally all besides the group message bs

When we looked for our 1st smartphone the Iphone4 was coming out.We chose the HTC for its processor, memory and was geeting the Google Ice Cream update w/o tje Apple price tag.This phone about 1 year later is still very good, fast. well featured, an ok battery life for such a smart phone.  It gets about 4 hrs of use per day.  It usu is charged every night.When using the GPS it is plugged into the Car's power source.  Newer cars have either a USB connector and or an AC plug.  One car is a van so we got a nice SPRINT DC car charger for it that lights up.  The other car with its electric outlet the HTC charger cord gets plugged in right there.If you want a longer running smart phone the MOTOROLA Extended battery life ones can last about 1/2 to 3/4th longer aprox. if needed, however like apple the battery is not changeable.The HTC One is probably a now good choice too.  Went with HTC over the SG2 was its terrible battery life issues.  I hope is not such a problem now.  Would purchase again.Bought on bestbuy.com  due to had the best price/deal for a T-Mobile small business plan.Paid under $400 as know most every cellphone is lowered in price a year or so later.IF it freezes just power it off, take off the easy to remove back cover remove the battery and SIM,  replace the SIM and the battery if was removed,  Restart and the phone seems to run just like when it was New.  It was suggestes by two Tmobile reps to do that once per week and they do it too.  Done now about 1x a month due to light to medium use.  And Tmobile Rocks.

i just love my HTC Amaze X715E 4G 16GB - Gingerbread Android With HTC Sense - Unlocked GSM. Its fantastic

I had this for over an year now. The phone is okay, nice design, good performance overall. It is quite heavy and the battery does not last long. I bought new battery a little bit bigger than the previous one, it lasts about double the time now. What I noticed, the touch screen won't work at low temperatures, it just freezes.

replacing a phone with a broken digitizer, chose the same model again.  Android is the way to go!  Now if only we could get batteries to last a few days...

mobile equipment is a high efficiency with excellent camera that gives good definition, the battery is durable compared to other htc

HTC working well in Kingdom.

Don't buy this phone.  USB charger port broke on mine and many many other owners.  Starts/restarts endlessly...  this phone is a lemon.  There other later versions from htc that fixed most of the problems.  But I hear the 'EVO' also has the restart issue too.

The phone has some very good reviews. Plus, it looked very good and stylish. But we were unlucky to get a defective piece when we bought it (not this vendor). Some of the keys (q, i, and, m) didn't work. We tried a factory reset, and also an OS upgrade, and even a re-calibration. But, nothing fixed the problem. That particular item was defective. Returned the item and got back the entire payment, so I'm not angry. I'm now ordering the same phone from this vendor. Hopefully this time we will be getting a non-defective item (fingers crossed). My advise would be to check the phone's keys, headphone jack, camera and flash, as soon as you get the item, before you proceed to open and use the accessories.

It was a high end spec. I don't know why people didn't really like this phone. I like the dedicated camera function button. It got 2 flash led. high spec. runs quite smooth but not the greatest. install some cm and it will fly. okay product.

I was always looking for a cell who meets all the requirements and is this, large capacity and very updated.

very very very very very nice ,very very very very very fast,I really really really really really like this phone.

I truly think that HTC has made a quality device here, Battery life may not be good but the overall performance and looks of the phone make it awesome. If you compare it to the iPhone 5 it is actually faster! To compliment this great device i purchased the $30 T-Mobile 100 mins, unlimited text and unlimited data 5GB and it works super well! If you in the custom Rom area or are on xda this has ALOT of custom roms. Overall its a powerhouse with not great battery life but that should be expected but in terms of performance it exceeded my needs. Mine came with ICS and also when checking for updates once it got here it had another ICS update!

This phone is awesome for taking photos/videos for social networking purposes as well as viewing media: the speakers are loud and the screen is sharp. It's on the bulky side but a very fast dual core 1.5ghz processor makes it elite in the 2011 market. You may consider the Galaxy S2 or S2/skyrocket for a close comparison, that phone is much sleeker but I feel that HTC has the better build quality.

I bough this phone and loved it, bought one for my mum and she loves it, now my dad needs one too.....
