
My best acquisition ever, nice phone design , performance. good screen size. Good battery performance, it last the hole day with all services running.

I bought this product as a new one, but I received a used phone. It has scratches. Sometimes the signal fails for problems in the device.

i love my phone so much it was a great buy and there was nothing wrong with the phone at all ...if you dont want the iphone this is a great phone but if you do then welll...

I purchased this phone for my wife and the device never came on.  She is disappointed and so am I.  Why would a sell offer a defective phone for purchase?  Although it said that the phone was new.

So far so good. One thing I realize so far is that with excessive usage the battery life weakens and since that I expected then I can say that overall it is a great phone.

The HTC Vivid would be a nice phone if it could connect to a cell phone network. Considering this is an AT&T; phone, and we are using AT&T;, this is not an unlocking issue the phone is defective. We took it to AT&T; and they confirmed that it was a dead refurbished phone. It is almost like Tablet Distributors tried to refurbish it, couldn't figure out what was wrong and sold it anyways. This phone is being sent back.The phone looked like new, other than the manufacturer's warranty seal being broken. The box has a disclaimer on it, "The Cellular phone contained herein did not emanate from the original manufacturer, and no representation or warranties are made as the source origin. The phone many be new or used, but restored into operable condition. No other representations or warranties, either express or implied, are made."I have no problem buying refurbished products, when they are actually refurbished. However, this phone was not restored to operable condition and should not have been listed as New on Amazon.((UPDATED AFTER SECOND ATTEMPT))This is my second attempt to get a working HTC Vivid from Tablet Distributors. The phone arrived with the wrong size battery. I tried to shim it into place, but I could not get any life out of it. Fortunately my wife had not sent back the first HTC Vivid that we received so I was able to pull the battery out of that phone.The battery from the first phone fired up the second phone and the phone was able to connect to the AT&T; network, unlike the first phone. The phone itself was very nice. Nice bright screen and good feel overall. My wife spent some time setting up the phone before the battery warning popped up. Since she had it on charge the entire time so we were a bit confused.When you first plug in the phone the battery charge icon comes on, but then after 30 seconds it stops. If you hold the charger plug in at a slight angle it will charge for maybe two minutes before giving up.I have always purchased unlocked phones on Amazon for myself. I work in Europe frequently and like being able to swap sim cards. Since I had always had good luck, I finally convinced my wife to try an unlocked phone. Thanks to this experience, she will never buy another unlocked phone. She is currently headed to AT&T; to pick up a Samsung Galaxy S4. Thank you very much Tablet Distributors.

Outstanding smartphone. Quite fast, Android and HTC are getting better and better. LArge screen, great apps, etc, etc. Has nothing to envy to iphone. In fact, check [...] and you will see thats evern better than apple phones.

I saw these same phones in the area on craigslist for more money so i got a pretty good deal i think with the price. like any other used phone it came used and shows some signs around the casing but it seems to be in great working order and my wife loves it!

este vendedor cumple con el tiempo justo de envi&oacute; de sus mercanc&iacute;as en excelente estado al ser entregado lo recomiendo muy positivo. espectacular tel&eacute;fono y muy econ&oacute;mico.

Excellent sleek smart phone with all the nice features required. Its quite light for its design and the appearance is very nice.

this phones does it all for me has many good apps the battery apps makes this phone last longer and works great has good sound and beats audio is great best phone i have ever had.

Phone came on time, packaged well, brand new in the box. Battery however was completely dead and took 12 hours to charge to 75 percent. Used the phone for half a day and its dead again. Plugged it in and it says I'm using more voltage than the charger is putting out. Have to shut it off to charge. B.S. I like the phone so I just ordered two new batteries. Try a different seller

My husband and I use the Straighttalk bring your own phone program. I bought this phone to replace my HTC Sensation that I had been using, because that phone couldn't seem to connect to the network properly. Anyhow, at first I didn't care for the look and feel of the Vivid compared to the Sensation. Now, after a few days of using I don't miss my other phone at all.To me the only difference now is my device connects properly to the network (we have At&t Sims).The tech specs on this phone are nearly identical (dual core processor, Beats, screen resolution,  ect.) to the Sensation, so at a lower price you get all the wonderful performance of a HTC phone. What's not to love?

I have had this phone for a little over a month now and I haven't had any problems yet. It never freezes on me, the battery life is pretty good and its very fast with anything I want to do on it. I have played with other phones such as the iPhone and I would say this is better than the iPhone. It has a bigger screen, much cheaper, its 4g LTE, and it has many of the same features but better.The downside to this phone is that being android there are much less apps compared to the iPhone. Also, if you are used to a basic phone the battery life seems like it sucks.But with that aside, if you are looking to get a good smart phone I would recommend this phone because its much cheaper and it does all the same stuff, some better than other phones!

Good enough for my work.It's a good price for what you get. It has a relatively good processor and its battery life is good.

I haven't activated this phone yet but it appears to behave for me much better than the iPad.  It has an FM radio.  Of all the big-name phones, it seems only HTC has this.  I chose this over the HTC Sensation because of the replaceable battery even though the talk and standby times are significantly less.  The FM radio requires that the earphones be plugged in for an antenna but that's a small inconvenience to me.  I'll try to report on the quirks later after it's been activated.

Excellent, great speed, very good quality camera ... Android 2.3 + HTC Sense is a nice interface ... The only problem with the phone is the battery life, but if you have a car charger . shall not be anything, really comfortable and the price performance of the cell.

Really nice phone! Even though its not Apple it is still by far better because you have free music and a bunch of other stuff apple doesn't. If you are are looking for an android smartphone this is your pick!

I bought this HTC vivid phone to go with a new StraightTalk phone plan I am using. This phone is everything and more, and works perfectly with what I need! It arrived on time and in good condition, and I have no complaints about it after a month of use.

I just received the Vivid today and set about getting it to work. I didn't want the expensive company sponsoring it so I tried this unlocked one. I had an old cell phone with a SIM card in it, and when I put it into the Vivid and set it up it worked. My old phone number from a cheaper company is in the Vivid. The set up info from the expensive company was not very good but I managed most of it. It also arrived much faster than I expected.

Realmente es una de las mejores elecciones para hacer una compra... Es un smartphone completo, con todas las prestaciones que alguien necesita...La actualizaci&oacute;n a Android ICS lo ha hecho mucho m&aacute;s r&aacute;pido y mejor...

It's a good cell phone, battery stand fort a long time, pictures are great and the OS is just great. I like this phone.

Everything was working fine at first. The hot spot feature never worked but I was fine with that. It's quite a heavy phone, not as light as my last one. The phone works but for some reason won't read my sd card anymore. It says I removed it even though It's still in there untouched. That made me sad because I can't save my photos on there or see my old photos and I can't have music on there.. Oh well I guess.

this product as I expected I came back, I had my expectations covers any problem regarding the purchase thanks ok

The phone is real nice. Despite all the reviews in Youtube from different companies. The phone works great, its incredible fast and it is the last phone with the freedom you need to add extra memory since the new HTC models doesn't have the micro SD slot and not removable battery (or back cover).This phone comes already unlocked from the provider and you don't have to introduce an unlocking code. It comes on its original box (AT&T;), it's brand new but the only issue is that phone doesn't come with earphones. It's not big issue at all, bur it would be great if HTC could include the earphones with microphone.The battery duration might be an issue, so I recommend to buy:- Anker External Battery Pack- Hyperion AT&T; HTC Vivid 4G 2 x Battery + ChargerFor less than $400 USD this is an excellent choice for an android phone.

Great phone, fast, big screen, working nicely, has it's battery issues, but ok, know from the very beginning. I bought it to use it outside USA, unblocked, and just recently found out that it's not really 100% unlocked. I've tried to set up Tethering, but no go. Seems that the phone has that locked by AT&T; and AT&T; sells that as extra product. Even outside USA, with operation having no restrictions, cannot set it up. A bit disappointed, as I'm sure that neither seller nor AT&T; (if I ever get back to states) will respond for that.Also, seems like ICS is not too friendly to the phone.

Keep getting error sim card not allowed mm#3. Consumer Cellular uses AT&T network? Not sure what is causing the problem. Phone looked new but the battery looked used. It had some scratches on it.

Just thought it would be lighter, a bit too heavy. Screen not as big as I thought.Its not a bad phone, just the weight.

It's a good enough phone, but for me the battery life was very disappointing. Let me start by explaining that this is my first smartphone and I got it mostly for the screen size and camera; the FM radio is also a nice feature, as I always like this in my phones but didn't think smartphones even bothered adding this. Anyway, in contrast to most smartphone users, I'm not one to use a lot of downloaded apps and have no need to be constantly updated or connected online; I text some, talk a little (I'm not a chatterbox) and listen to music once in a while and that's about it. The first few days I hardly used it at all, and yet the battery would drain pretty fast. Soon enough I learned to turn off Wi-Fi, unnecessary apps (background data), turned off synch on email, etc. but the battery was still going fast, and so was my data allowance (have very little data on my prepaid plan, since I never used much on my previous device, a &#34;dumb&#34; phone). Uneasy about the battery life and unwilling to upgrade to a plan with more data, I finally decided to just turn off its internet connection in the settings; I only turn it on to send or receive pic messages (which isn't often) or to do a web search (even less often). Doing this has finally extended my battery to about 3 days and data is no longer being devoured. I get that doing this basically defeats the purpose of having a smartphone in the first place, but like I said, I got it mostly for the screen size and camera; if there'd been an all-touchscreen dumb phone with the aforementioned features, I would've bought that instead.Something currently bothering me is the notifications for texts and missed calls. It only sounds once and that's it, so as a result, sometimes I don't become aware of missed texts or calls until much later. I've tried searching in settings for a way to change this, but can't seem to find the option (my phone is not rooted). With all of my previous phones I was able to choose how often to be notified (every minute, every 5 minutes, etc.) so I'm surprised that this phone doesn't seem to have that. It does have a tiny blinking green light as an alert of something missed, but it's barely visible and it's on for only a few minutes.

I truly love this phone so much. I would buy it  over and over if I had 2. It's a good phone.

HTC Vivid is such an awesome phone that I've been dreaming about having. Now i finally have it on my hand! The product is brand new in the original box, and the unlocked code is provided in the box too. When I insert the T-Mobile SIM card in it, it allows me to put the unlocked code. Then it will work perfectly. The dealer even sent me a car charger and a case, which is really nice. All in all, this is a phone you never regret using.

The "HTC Vivid" is my first smartphone I have ever had.  I picked it because I got a good deal on it, and the reviews were promising.  From a total novice user, I have to say that it is an excellent phone, easy to use with a nice big screen and a fantastic camera.The phone usage is intuitive, and I didn't have any problems getting it set-up.  It connected to the 4G network immediately, and I got it connected to my home WiFi with only a few steps.  It comes loaded with quite a few Apps--I don't know how standard all of these are, since my experience is limited, but there is certainly enough here for me to play with for awhile.The camera is great; it takes better pictures than my Canon PowerShot. The lowlight setting is really amazing, and it is impressive what great night pictures the camera takes.The only problem I have had with the "HTC Vivid" is the battery.  It runs through its battery surprisingly quick.  It barely holds a charge for a single day, and needs to be re-charged as often as possible. I also think some of the button positioning is odd.  The external volume switch is right where you hold the phone during a normal phone call, so I am constantly accidentally muting my phone. That just takes some practice and getting used to though.

The phone is amazing I had one before and completely killed it by dropping it so many times, so i already knew this was going to be a great phone. I have had an adroid phone of some sort for the last three years and HTC has always been the best for me.

I have to say I miss my Inspire. This phone does not have the buttons above so texting for me is torture. They could have atleast added swipe. Oh well. I did not receive an unlock code3, and can't test it is, coz I haven't been able to get time to get a non-AT&T sim card to test with.

The phone its awsome, its fast and really clear. It came with headphones but there pretty bad but overall the phone is great. Battery life is not as bad like people say it is.

i got so excited getting this phone just to find out within minutes of getting it, it can not charge at all i was in NEED of a phone so i just saw all the good reviews i will never buy from these people EVER again.

this phone as most other htc phones comes with a software problem where the phone is unable to read the sim card and HTC does not provide a software update to fix the problem other wise the phone performs pretty good i regret i bought this phone

the phone was good, the delivery timing was ok, but the phone wasn't unlocked ...I'm very disappointing for this, because we had to find a place to unlocked the phone in other country...

I bought these phones because I was saying that they were in good condition but on the contrary, are very mistreated and there is one that has the detached screen. the ad says very good, I consider it a hoax.

I chose this rating, because i received device which is not working correctly, bluetooth does not share files, it's 8MP camera takes about VGA quality pictures and videos, battery discharges too fast and e,t.c.

Last week I ordered a cell phone ( htc Vivid ) and I chosed one day shipping ( I paid 17 dollars for that ) .because I was in rush . When I got my order .I realized that ,there is no battery . Amazon.com didnt send me the battery. Cell phone and charger were there but no battery. I hate you .You ruined my days.

i got this phone for my girlfriend and before purchasing this phone i read the reviews and it's definitely what i expexted i highly recommend this phone

I bought this phone "unlocked' and when I received it, it wasn't. I put my sim card in it and it said that I needed the code and they didn't send me any code!!

This phone is amazing haven't put it down much since I got it lol the features are great as well. I just love the photo quality. However since it's an AT&T branded phone I'm not able to use my WiFi  hotspot which really bites. But all in all it's great & I would recommend it to everyone :D

I love this phone. The feature s are very easy to use and this is coming from someone who has a hard time with any electronic devices. I would definitely recommend this product.

This phone is so amazing, camera genial, quik, beutifull, resiten, and good price. Shipper than galaxy s3 mini, and so much better.love it

This was my first smart phone purchase and so I have nothing to compare it too.  So far I do love it but still learning how to use it.  I purchased because reviews said it was a great phone and had a great camera.  The camera is really not that great. The images are grainy and I've tried some adjustments I've read about online but still not that great. I own a canon powershot A95 camera which gives gorgeous pictures maybe not a fair comparison since it is a camera vs a phone.  I will say that I was very happy to leave my current provider w their stupid contracts and move to a pay as you go which is much cheaper.  Go Simple Mobile!

Excelente compra, me gusta mucho este equipo, espero disfrutarlo al m&aacute;ximo por mucho tiempo, lo recomiendo sin ning&uacute;n problema, era lo que estaba esperando y las especificaciones son las que se publican.

Even though I have a new phone.  The vivid held up good until I decided to use a flimsy case and cracked my screen.  Would recommend to others to buy this phone.  Especially if your looking for your first android phone.ConsATT bloated apps.

Dose any one have any idea about if any if this product Gsm unlocked ? I really like own this phone ....  is it gsm unlocked ?

I bought this product as a new one, but I received a used phone. It has scratches. Sometimes the signal fails for problems in the device.

Great price for this new phone ! Cheaper too than everywhere else also ! I'm impressed and think it's best deal you can find around the internet I took my time and did a lot of research before I purchased this one ! I also had a HTC inspire 4G before this one and that also was a great phone ! Hey I think HTC is one of the best phones out there in the market ! Well you will not be disappointed with this phone ! Got real get specifications too ! Also they sell fast here too so what does that tell ya ! Get one before there gone if ya need a nice phone !

I bought this phone for use it in Costa Rica and it works fine. It was delivered on time and it was in a perfect shape.It takes awesome pictures and is very fast. For the money that I paid for, this phone has achieved all of my expectations.Very happy with my choice.

The extent of my love for this phone is probably unhealthy. It never leaves my side. It's FAST! It takes fantastic photos. The Beats Audio is mind-blowing. It does everything I need an Android to do and more. 'Nuff said.

Operating system is older than what I had, otherwise it is a good and valid phone. Came faster than anticipated and was cheaper than using the insurance.

First of all, the cell is completely unlocked and functional, very good lucking and so fast. I really love it!

this vivid came with the box not looking to whole some but the product was still very good and came as expected except for the box

good phone,delivered fast,unlocked as described, well packaged.It is been two weeks I am using it and i LIKE IT so far. However pretty heavy and the headphone jack is not workin!!!!

I got my Vivid for days ago. I love everything except that people tell me they can't hear me during calls. I practically have to yell into the microphone. I also listen to music while I work, and my headphones don't fit all the way into the jack, therefore I'm constantly rearranging that. Not cool at all. I'm contacting the seller to see about a replacement because I know I'll love it completely if we can just fix those glitches

I will definitely buy again from the seller, SellCellDeals. The screen and body looks new, as described by the seller. The only thing looks old is the battery cover which is not important to me. It is a used phone just as the seller described. I went oversea and used it with foreign sim cards. They worked flawlessly without any issue. The speed and the camera is pretty good for an older phone. Nice product!

I was so excited for this phone, as mine is broken and one by one more and more problems were arising from it. My fiance had the Vivid at one point and it was amazing. We did our research, and read all reviews of all that we were looking at. IDK if the good reviews got lucky and actually got what they ordered, or if they're people who work for the company. I paid $189.00 for a refurbished phone, the volume buttons were completely worn, I got a used battery, the charging port was loose, and the plastic around it had been buffered. When I emailed the company the response was quick, and I was told if I sent the phone back they'd refund my money and compensate me an extra $10 for the shipping. When I clicked the button that said 16 new there was one to select out of them, the rest were ATT only. While I received an unlocked phone, it was not new. I strongly suggest you listen to my review and the others. We'll see how smoothly it goes for me to get my refund, which btw you should be covering the return shipment in the first place.
