
Great product since Sony ericsson no longer produce the phone, it is the last call. Not only for using communication, but also can be a sentimental value for anyone who is the Fan of Sony Ercisson

I still remember long long time ago when I was a student, I really wanted to have a Sony Ericsson brand cellphone. Now I got it~That's the phone my friend recommend to me. 8 MP camera, Android system, wifi, micro SD card supported, and so on.Very fast shipping, and really brand new. I like this phone, and the system whether the sound.It's a 4.2-Inch displayed phone, that's a little big for me. And also, because of the big screen, the phone is easy to run out of battery.Of course, it's a problem many cellphone have.Finally, that is a really nice phone~

I just purchased the Sony Ericsson Xperia arc S LT18a Unlocked Phone. I inserted my AT&T; SIM card (Gophone), charged the phone. However, it will only make emergency calls. I checked the "Phone Status", it recognizes my cell phone number, but the IMEI listed is the serial number of the phone. When I search for Service Providers and choose AT&T;, I get the message "Your SIM card does not allow a connection to this network."This phone is essentially locked. I thought the purpose of an unlocked cell phone was to easily insert SIM Card, have it recognized, and start making calls.I did not have this problem with the Nokia N8 using the AT&T; Gophone SIM card. I should not have to go to AT&T; and have them unlock the phone.Overall, the cell phone is good. The display is large, the navigation is easy. It has the FM Radio which was one of the items I wanted. There is a lot of unnecessary applications/software which I would not use.I am returning the cell phone.

Overall I had an extremely good experience with this seller. The phone that I ordered came over A MONTH before the estimated arrival date. The phone came in its original packaging with many goodies. It would have been a 5-star rating, but the phone didn't come with a Micro SD card, which is essential for storing anything on the phone. Luckily I have my old phone with its Micro SD card.

Excellent product, I thought that it includes a mini HDMI cable, but it doesn't matter, i'm loving it.I recommend the Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc S, great product and great seller.

I bouught this product in June and it wasnt the colour that i ordered, but i kept it all the same. Becuase i enjoy android phones. But compared to the other competitor brands i have used. This is a very weak phone. It boots on its own every now and then. It cant play music or radio without shutting down on its own repeatedly. Any small bump triggers the phone to shut down. So all said, this phone has become such an incovenience, am trying to use my warranty, but that not working ot well for me.

I bought this phone to a friend and he told me that is awesome and love it. Nice desing and camera

Love the phone, if you are undecided, just go for it. Very fast and thin, wonderful...My husband loved it. battery lasts about a full day with normal usage.

This is the best smartphone that have previus sonyericcson, and now as sony, this as the best, and can have update to ICS 4.0.4. is fast, comfortable, I recommend

this phone is amazing I works great, I always liked sony to have a sound so espetacular and the processor is great and the pictures are beautiful and when connected to my tv is amazing

i loved my new cellphone but i have just one disappointment and i think it s also my bad, sonyericsson arc s has no front cam so i cant speak via skype face to face, i can just able to make voice calling and it s a bit frustrating when i compare with i phone, rest of things are so good and i loved that stuff and its price is okay too (like about 270.00 $ nowadays)

When I use this phone, no one can hear me properly. The speaker is auwful. It is really a bad idea sold my iPhone and try those cheaper garbage. I returned it paid shipping cost and they took 10% restocking fee. It was within 30days. I acturly purchased a Motorola 910 when I call them to return the Ericsson. They promised a full refund. The new Motorola has a lot of software issue. It hot all the time and battery went out quickly. They are not selling the US model because the charger is not US charger. You will always have issue when you buy their phones. I will not buy any phone from this supplier again. Bad experience in Amazon!

It is great. The photos and videos have an excellent quality. The navigation through the phone may not be the fastest one, but it is still great.

Quite intelligent, so far., great shape, resist the hits and to work with, download news apps and get it ready for action

One month update...I REALLY liked this phone "out of the box" but felt I needed to come back and take a star off; as I "get it loaded" with the apps and background programs I like, I find it lagging to keep up sometimes.  This is especially true when first waking the phone or after shutting down a game.  I personally don't see it as a big issue, but wanted to update the review to reflect these issues.  I have ICS loaded which may be a contributing factor.-----------------I did a bit of research on getting my GoPhone technology "up to date".  I had been using an LG Thrive and year-and-a-half ago it was great, but I found myself needing more phone speed/capability for the apps I wanted to run.  I haven't physically checked out any of ATT's direct offers yet but looking at the specs on their site...they really stink...and NOW ATT wants to force you on the $50/mo plan for the better phones.  I use GoPhone for ~$15/mo. and didn't need to spend any more.  So I started looking for "unlocked" phones. Having the confidence this one would work as intended I went ahead and purchased from Amazon; local stores in my area had it "on sale" for ~$100 more with a WHOPPING 15% restock fee if I returned with broken seal.At any rate my experience has been GREAT so far:- Plugged in SIM card and phone instantly recognized my ATT account.- Loaded SONY PC software, connected phone, and instantly recognized and installed ICS (that's Android 4.0.3).- The 3G data DOES NOT WORK OUT OF THE BOX but it is an easy fix.  Most of the You tube videos are out of date, all you need is:-->Settings > "More" under Wireless & Networks > Mobile networks > Access Point Names (APN)> Use setting button to +New APN  > Enter the following:NOTE I HAVE EDITED THIS FROM MY ORIGINAL REVIEW: the settings I had (with no username/password) did not allow for secure connections to some sites.Name: MEdia Net (can be anything, this is what my old phone had)APN: wap.cingularProxy: &lt;Not set>Port: &lt;Not set>Username: WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COM (must be CAPS)Password: CINGULAR1 (must be CAPS)Server: &lt;Not set>MMSC: hypertexttransferprotocol colon forwardslash forwardslash mmsc.cingular.com/  (you need to use "http", I spelled it out to keep Amazon's blocker from blocking it).MMS proxy: wireless.cingular.comMMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: &lt;Not set>APN type: &lt;Not set>- Signal quality has been as-good/better than my Thrive; I work in a dense, isolated building where ATT signal is best of all the suppliers, Thrive would drop off in interior rooms, but XarcS has not dropped anything I've tried thus far.- ROM could use some work, not as slick as the Virgin EVO V I tried out (returned it due to POOR signal quality).- The "hard" buttons on the phone have a cheap feel to them and takes a few tries with my fat fingers to activate them.Thanks,Kevlar

I bought it for a friend and he is happy with his cell phone. really I do not know the cell phone, but my friend has never complained

HI

The phone is working good.. The look is pretty modern and elegant. The price is very low according the quality of the product. I am very happy with the phone.

Very nice looking phone, but prone to fingerprints - have it in a silicone case, so thats not even an issue. Screen quality is awesome, perfect size, battery life is standard for an android. Camera takes amazing photos, video is great too, with stereo sound. The phone has a dedicated HDMI port (samsung is yet to make such a phone) and USB on-the-go - great for connecting keyboards, mice, even wireless bundles. However, to connect USB mass storage devices like flash drives, cameras, other phones, you need to root the phone.The SONY firmware is very close to pure android and I prefer it to Samsung and HTC alternatives. The only flaws with this phone are 1)the lack of dual core processor - some lag in gingerbread noticeable and now constant that I've upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwich, and 2)low onboard memory - some apps cant be moved to the sd card, so storage becomes an issue if you have too many such apps. Keeping in mind that this is a 2011 phone, I still love it and would likely upgrade to another SONY phone in future.

The phone was delivered today, the owner is very happy with the "how it look" it's have nice shape, size is very confortable, thin. Works pretty fast, sound pretty decent, camera is very good in quality, image stabilization, flash it's very good.

I was too much a sony fan. I bought this item on june 17 2012. All I did was use it rarely because I had an iphone 4 S already.I always had battery problems with this phone but this phone gets heated exponentially very quick. I had put an att sim card into it but Its internet plan did not work. When the att guy tried in his system he said the imei number which I had given him for internet settings change was not of a sony ericsson xperia arc s,  rather it came in as some Phone of PALM make. I had this doubt ever since that day. To add to the confusion when I opened my battery cover I can see that the screws on the top were worn down. I am wondering if the seller had bought this phone and removed something from the phone and sold it on amazon.

She loves the phone although her Service stinks with t mobile. The phone works fast and has everything she wants on a Cell phone. Another great feature is how she can do a reset without affecting her apps and such. She dropped it one time and could no longer hear the ear piece when speaking with someone. She did a reset and it fixed everything

It's light and small, very portable, easy to operate it with one hand. The camera is very good, although it's only 8 MP, we can get high quality photos with it, and I like it's macro lens too, I often use it to take pictures of documents.But it's ram is only 512 M, that's awful! very awful! It's often laggy and choppy! What's more worse is, it's internal phone storage is only 1 G, too small to install my favorite Apps!

After I received the phone, I upgrade the software to ICS using the software provided. The battery won't last a full day under minor use since then. Have to mail it back to the only repair center for a downgrade,  at my own shipping cost. Plus it will take 14 business days. If I do it by yourself, the warranty void. I will never buy a sony ericsson phone. If I have time, I will will file a complaint to BBB.

It's a excellent product. I love this cel and i don't have problems with it.I'm from Ecuador and it's ok.

EL TEL&Eacute;FONO DESPU&Eacute;S DE UNOS MESES HA DEJADO DE FUNCIONAR, NO PRENDE. YO LO COMPRE Y VIVO EN ECUADOR. QUE PUEDO HACER, QUIERO MI DINERO DE VUELTA!!!!

This phone is supposedly great. Extremely good camera, touch screen, fast processor blah blah. But there are some problems. First, the battery. Continuous use may go up to 10 hours, but when you ARENT using the phone, the battery actually depletes a lot. I literally charged it up to 100% and left it in a backpack, came back to it 6 hours later and it was at like 17%. It's pretty messed up. Oh and charging it is another hassle. I must of used at least 4 chargers, and on every one i have to move the phone to a specific location for the charging to start, therefore i cant use the phone while it is charging. The battery is so important, which is why the problems with it let alone make me give the phone a 3/5. Second, the phone usually either lags for 10 seconds each time i try and text as fast as i can. It just locks up the whole phone and i have to wait. Ocasionally, the phone even shut of for a few minutes. However, if you actually get to use the phone it is amazing. Sleek distance, very cool layouts for calling, messaging, etc. And, theres tons of stuff to do on it.

I'M REALLY DISAPPOINTED FROM SUCH AN EXPENSIVE PHONE FROM SONY ERICCSON. ... MY PHONE TURNS OFF EVERY MIN... IT RESTARS BY ITSELF... THIS IS NOT HOW A $500 CELLPHONE SHOULD WORK.

My wife bought this phone for me as my birthday gift. I love this phone. Camera, video, games, applications runs perfect. It is fast. If you looking for a fast android phone ( unique) i would highly recommend this.

I am giving this phone 5 stars! It's a great phone and my first Sony Ericsson since 2006. My last one was a "flip-phone" type, which I carried for a long time wherever I went. I traveled heavily through the U.S. and Europe (both Western and Eastern), and the phone worked always great. Then, Sony Ericsson had a very poor streak with their phone design for a few years. I had to switch to Samsung. But, Xperia Arc is wonderful. It is at least a light year ahead of my previous Sony Ericsson phone. It has a very stylish and sophisticated design and a lot of nice features that are very easy to access and use. In my humble opinion, this phone beats an iPhone when it comes to its looks and practicality. It connects very easily to any device you have and is very intuitive running applications. The only complaint I have is actually about the upgrade to Android 4 software. When I opened the phone and used it for a day without the upgrade, I really enjoyed all of the beautiful applications that were pre-installed and the looks of each application on the phone. Then, I decided to upgrade to Android 4 via my PC at home, hoping that the new upgraded software would actually look and function better somehow. Unfortunately, after a quick and easy upgrade process, I was disappointed with the looks of the new user interface and loss of some cool gadgets that had pleased me so much during my first day with the phone. So, don't upgrade! It will work just fine without it.

The screen is very nice. Sharp and clear and doesn't take finger smudges. Upgradeable to Android 4.0! I did the upgrade and it was great. The home screen has so many nice options, you can add weather, calendar, control for your wireless and control for your sound/vibrate. Built in radio is good. The CPU is fast, browser surfing is quick. there are just so many customization options, beats Iphone hands down. I went from iphone to Samsung Android (Infuse) to Sony Android. Xperia beats the Samsung to me, much more options than in the Samsung. Although this is wrt the Infuse, can't speak for the Galaxy III.

HOla. fue mi primera experiencia con una compra por amazone, creo que fue estupendo, el proveedor de este producto tiene un excelente servicio al cliente, tiempos de entrega excelentes, y del producto pues no hablemos es el mejor cellular del mercado creo que Iphone se a quedado muy atras en cuanto a calidad.Espero poder tener el gusto de volver a comprar

This was exactly what I expected when I ordered this phone and I absolutely love it. There is nothing I dont like about it.

I am very pleased with the purchase of this phone, the company Wireless Experts Inc. kept me informed on shipping procedure and resolved all my doubts. The only thing I didn't liked about the phone is that it gets very hot in the upper back when I use the 3G to surf the Internet. However, it is an excellent phone that covers all my needs.

I bought this phone in back in July and now it's August, the speed is amazing and I love the camera and display. Everything is really nice but except for the fact there has been 4 times where there has been no response from the phone. liked it had been bricked, i tried to wake it with the power button and home button and nothing, had to take battery out and then restart it. Do I have a faulty phone? Should I exchange it or is this a normal problem where i shouldn't worry. I mean my iphone did this too but i could do a hard reset. Any response on what action I should take would be nice.

I bought it for my wife she liked the way it looks. I myself have an iPhone 4 and Xperia arc s beats it big time, it is faster,got better camera,better screen and so on. Thinking about getting me one.

I bought this phone a month ago. phone is good but this phone has less RAM(350MB USABLE) phone is slower. i used HTC Inspire before that was amazing, I just have issue with this phone because this phone is slow. Price is OK.

BUEN TELEFONO. NO HAY QUEJAS PARA ESTE PRODCUCTO. ES DE MUY BUENA CALIDAD Y RENDIMIENTO MUY BUENO COMO NO HAY OTRO

This phone is fantastic. I love its high quality camera as well as the music system. Let me tell you, the best thing is that for those who don't want to pay data plan monthly fee, that's what can solve your problem. You can use this phone with AT&T; service without the data plan, which is awesome!The problems i have encountered are music playing option. I don't understand why it doesn't come with the options for us to either repeat one song or stop after one round. When i play music, it just keeps going round after round; for example, the whole night.The other problem is battery life. Plus, it takes so long to load the icons on the screen which bother me a lot. All in all, I like it.

I am very disappointed in this product and the supplier and have regretted buying this item. The phone becomes very hot when you receive or make a call and the battery life is just twelve hours even if its on standby. A terrible purchase which the seller could have informed me about the battery life.Wouldn't recommend this item for anyone.

I bought this phone as a birthday gift to my dad... and In the first week of use the battery didn't work anymore, actually Im not sure if its the battery probably the phone has a factory problem with the charge system, I conected to the electricity and sometimes supposed to "starts to charge" because the blue light turns on, sometimes you connect the phone and nothing. And he didn't turn on anymore. Now my dad have a phone that doesnt work as a birthday gift, I feel really embarrassed. I asked to a friend, he told me that its a factory problem that came with this phone.

Man this guy has shipped the product on time and he is good.I know how it feels when you do not have atleast 10% feedback.

I hate this cellphone, its slow, and only have 500MB of internal memory. I wasted my money in this purchase.

i have this cellphone over a month and and have some things to say:- Have only 320mb to internal memory.- the best pictures ever, the 3D camera and the autofocus is really good quality pictures.REALLY a great phone. doesnt have 2 cameras to use video chating. but no big thing for me.I do recommend this product.

el env&iacute;o adecuado, el tel&eacute;fono cumple con todos mis requerimientos y funciona adecuadamente. Buena c&aacute;mara, f&aacute;cil manejo de aplicaciones, r&aacute;pido. Una buena compra, sencilla y r&aacute;pida.

Bought this phone at the last minute..needed a replacement for my blackberry. And i really hate bbs, so I wanted a phone with a big, bright display, and proper processing capabilities. This phone did it for me...extremely reasonable with price, sleek, lightweight, super responsive..I just love it. Everything about it is on point.However, I've been noticing if it gets a hard jolt, it restarts. Not really a big deal, but was just wondering if it was a defect with this phone or they all behave this way.

this phone is a good buy for anybody looking for an attractive android phone that works great! the battery is the only gripe that I have with this phone. but after downloading "juice defender" it seems to be a bit better. it lasts me a full work day plus some on a charge. that's with the screen brightness all the way up, some music through the speaker, moderate web + wifi usage, fairly heavy texting and a few short to moderate calls with 3g calling turned on. the reception is ok, not as good as what I was getting on my iphone 4. but the call quality is better on the arc s as well as the wifi signal being stronger than my iphone. I now can pick up my buildings wifi signal in places that the iphone did not! the camera is great outdoors. not as good indoors as I would like and sometimes its slow and I have even had a few freeze ups while using the cam. Ice cream sandwich is good too although it has its clunky moments prob due to the phone being single core. the on-board memory is lacking also. I find it frustrating having to move apps to the memory card and uninstalling others that I don't use to free up memory. I wish there was a way to install apps directly to the card when you download them! for the price that amazon sells this for it was the best and most attractive option for a decent smartphone.

Bad, Bad, Bad, do not buy this case beacuse I had to take it off to take the pictures because the flash reflects on it and the pictures turn out really bad. because I had to take it on and off it broke, not a good product at all.

Quede muy satisfecho tanto con el producto como con los tiempos de traslado.Una vez que cancelado, lo enviaron dentro del tiempo establecido.El telefono llego en perfectas condiciones y me parece uno delos mejores smartphones del mercado...Altamente recomendados... smartphone y vendedor!

Cuando compr&eacute; este tel&eacute;fono estaba muy feliz con mi compra. Despu&eacute;s de unos meses de uso, not&eacute; que el aparato se calentaba mucho cuando navegaba por internet. Luego de investigar un poco me di cuenta que esto era normal. Ahora el tel&eacute;fono dej&oacute; de reconocer el micro SD de 32 GB, haci&eacute;ndole inservible en el tema multimedia. Estoy muy decepcionado y ahora creo que hubiera sido mejor comprarme un Samsung Galaxy o un Iphone. Personalmente no le recomiendo a nadie este tel&eacute;fono. Viene con muchas desventajas. He comparado este tel&eacute;fono con el Galaxy o el Iphone y el sistema t&aacute;ctil en cuanto a la respuesta a las funciones es lenta en comparaci&oacute;n a las marcas que he mencionado.

First of all, I received the phone with non-working ear peace, in just five weeks, the phone started acting awfully slow, know just after using the phone for less than two months, the phone will not charge, and it, stopped working at this time. And I just realize that amazon only have thirty days of return policy.  I will be contacting the seller and amazon representative to see if I can still return or exchange this bad phone.Update, 09/28/12There was problems with the two chargers I was using. When I tried a new charger, the phone started charging. So the phone now works, but still slow. I will be taking note and will update later.

Not too excited but lets just say the phone is just OK. No wow moment but for what I paid I'm cool with it.

Me encanta este celular, la calidad de la imagen es excelente, el precio fue muy bueno y la entrega de acuerdo a lo acordado.Definitivamente es el mejor celular que he tenido, la pantalla super amigable.

well i just gonna say that i buy this cell and realy works good and isnice cell phone also i agree

its okay... for 200hm.... nothing to say more ....i think it would be better if it had front facing camera

Is a shame that Sony wants not compile more android updates for this phone (You can only update to Android 4.0.1), this phone has a good processor and a good graphics quality.

Excelente equipo, muy rapido, toma fotos excelentes, funciona a la perfeccion, lo unico malo como todo telefono inteligente es que la bateria no dura mucho. Funciona en Venezuela muy bien. Excelente venededor, lo recomiendo.

I recently bought the sony xperia arc s,so far it works really good,came in good condition and its a sexy phone. I cant get enough of it,runs on android which is the best,the applications are super dope. Its a dope phone,highly recommend it.

One of the poorest make Android Phones in the World with Known Issues with Hairline Cracking  and Silver Paint-works just peel-off after few months . Search the Internet and read about this cheaply make android phones.. Needed to force US warranty for Recalls

I was looking for a phone with a decent camera, android system and nice look, this phone fit the required specifications and then some, as other reviews this phone has a beautiful screen resolution to watch your videos or movies in HD quality, sound its clear and loud, no speakers needed if your in a close room. It comes with a 6gb (class 6) sd memory card, to keep the data transfer fast. I was very happy it arrive sooner then expected, factory sealed, with everything included in the box as it is described. I was glad it was mailed in a box with enough filling to avoid any bangs it might of gotten along the way.The phone itself works great, thank you for the great product and service.

is a gift for my daughter and I am delighted with the phone, meet expectations we had with the device

If it were possible, I'd rate this product with 10 stars. Specs are as described. Photo quality-excellent (I don't own a camera since I've had a sony ericsson phone-my 4th buy over 13 yrs.) , Programs- awesome (just be careful u don't run down the battery, but it goes hand in hand with any smart phone), u can  email,  text......etc. There's no limit to what u can do with this phone. I'd encourage any Ericsson fan, or anyone who just needs a great phone, to buy this product. Sony Ericsson, I'm one VERY pleased patron.

Got it at an unbelievable price for this class unlocked smartphone. Updated it out of the box to Android 4.0.4. and everything was smooth, the OS looks beautiful on the huge screen and works reasonably fast. The biggest gripe: it doesn't mount as a USB external storage and Sony Bridge for Mac is a terrible piece of software, so I use DoubleTwist with AirSync (paid app) to transfer photos and music. I have also tried the connection on Widnows 7 and it's less than smooth, but Sony promises to update the software soon. Other than that, using it for about three weeks now and still can't get used to how sexy it looks and feels, very light, thin and oh, that great display.Edit: after two months of use, still very happy with the purchase, especially since the price went up a LOT; it was just meant to be, got it at the right time! :) Sony Bridge for Mac has since been upgraded to version 3 and syncing is now completely smooth.

Every time I want to buy something, I use Google and look for reviews, technical specs, pros and cons. Specially the cons... I like this phone. Big screen, very light, Android, a good camera, etc. The only thing that I complain is about the memory. 320 MB is too short, specially when you check Google Play and found a big amount of useful apps. That's why I give four stars.Yes, there are better smartphones than this one. But for the money, is a good choice.  A choice you will not regret.Added 05-02-2012.The LT18a can be upgrade to ICS using SEUS or PC Companion. I like the new version, altough some apps don't work. If you love to play games, do not apply the update, some of then are useless. Same thing for a few apps. But I think that developers are adjusting their apps for ICS. Many updates in few days.

Really liked a lot this phone, I get this for my girlfriend, she loved the white color and the design, besides it s android phone. Recommended

I order this cellphone and when i use de Facebook app the cellphone turns really slow and even some times the cellphone shutdown.The battery dont fit well so if you move the cellphone in different ways it shutdown.im really disappointing with this purchase.

it's a good phone but mind u  it doesn't have a front camera.  if u want to Skype or Tango Get a  phone with a front  facing camera.

this phone has the specs as described. I give it a five especially, because at the time I was buying it, I needed a phone which would be upgrade-able to ICS and yes it was. kudos

I am big fan of sony products.The phone is good and great. Awesome clarity and fast. The product got delivered exactly on time. 5Star rating.

this phone was not set up for a carrier when AT&T searched the serial # it didnt even show up as this phone.an the internet sucks on this phone

I got this for my granddaughter's 18th birthday. She loves it! Camera is great, phone is lightweight, screen is big. She learns something new about it every day. She has T-Mobile for carrier and there was no problem converting from her old phone. She thinks it is "cooler" than i phones.

This product is excellent, I love Panorama function of Camera. With Bravia engine videos looks excellent and Music quality is really fantastic.Only thing missing in this phone is front camera.

the reason why i like sony phone is because of it's camera and music. for me sony is the best phone when it come to camera & music. i purchased this because my sony c901 is not working now. c901 is intended for a camera phone. you can instantly take a picture by sliding the camera cover at the back and close it to turn the camera off. in my opinion the image quality of c901 is better than my canon sx210 is camera specially in low light. i like my canon sx210is camera,you can see my review for that. i compared the image quality of arc-s to c901..the c901 is better but they are almost close in indoor. i like arc-s because it has panorama and 3d function. i enjoy using the touch screen specially when i use this to my hyper daughter. the cons of this phone is the poor ability to receive a wi-fi signal and no front camera for self potrait and for video call. i wish this camera has the camera function of the c901 and has the same or better image quality.

I'd got this phone as a gift for my dad everything is good about this phone except for the part where they said the screen is scratch proved here ppls well it is not scratch proof at all bcs I'd had to buy a screen protector for my dad phone along wit a silicone case too in order to protected here ppls so don't believe everything that amazon posted on their products by the seller bcs sometime it could be a scam here ppls trust me wen I'd said so bcs it has happen to me b4 ppls which ain't fun ppls.

I didn't expect the phone is a used phone. Actually, when I got the package, the cover box was not sealed,and all the accessories are exactly not fresh.  That is fraud. I thought 'Amazon' wouldn't lie to me, but the truth is I'm wrong.  I'm so disappointed with that.

The camera on this Sony Ericsson is probably the best I have come across yet. Very, very good quality of images. Super sleek, light as a feather and response is topnotch. I love it!

The keys don't respond to the fingers properly, it is virtually impossible to key an SMS message without errors. The spelling check of the words in any language, is most times wrong and messages have to be corrected 5-6 times before they become correct. A lot of intensive keying, much more than with a normal dumb phone.The worst phone I've ever had, very low quality. It was a waste of money (more than 300 Euros, 380 USD), that could have been used in a quality product from the competition. The Android system doesn't help, as most of these problems are a combination of hardwarde and software flaws. Applications are resource intensive (lots of memory and processor hungry) and low quality in general. I bought three Xperia (two ARC S and one Xperia X) for the family and it's the same low quality and problems all over. Also due to the ARC design, the phone cannot stay flat on a table. When you press the screen it moves and doesn't stay stable (but this is not the reason why it doesn't accept the key entries. The permanent errors with the key entries happen when you hold the phone and it's stable in your hand).This review applies to both Xperia Arc S and X as I have both.Also it turns off by itself many times, suddenly and without warning. You have to keep checking all the time if the phone is on.

item was delivered by amazon prime. it took about 48hours. really impressive. however my amazon prime trial has been cancelled cos my card is a debit and not a credit card. i dun even know y. sony ericsson was jx great with their products. fone is really sleek and fast. it cannot however compete with the new quad cores in the system. i personally use the s3 and i can really appreciate the speed lag. but for its price this fone is jx amazing.

Excellent product, no problems, good movement, it a grand procesador and brignestcamera is excellents photos, and android 4.0 movement excellent and 8gb memory for much data

This phone is for an average smartphone usei bought it for a love one, ended up being an slick phone

Sony Ericsson LT18a is a nice phone. Has 1.4 GHZ processor, Android 2.3 (Up-gradable to ICS 4.0. I don't know when we are going to receive it officially),Good Camera + picture quality. I feel front camera is not operational unless a video call. Hope this can be work for ICS version. Sony Crystal quality in colors. Really worth for a Dollars. Go for it if you are looking for better phone in affordable price.This phone is shipped & sold by Amazon. So no worries...

El smartphone llego nuevo de paquete con todos sus accesorios, como lo describian, levanta 3G para Movistar en Venezuela y es super rapido, el envio ni preguntar no tardo ni 6 dias en llegar a la direccion en USA, ahora a probarlo 100%, Amazon como vendedor muy responsable, lo recomiendo...

Its a great looking phone, I think its one of the best looking smartphone in the market.This phone has 4.2 inch display which makes your experience even better.It has 8 MP camera, it takes great pictures even in low light.I love to play song on xperia arc s, it has great sound.This phone has Android operating system which has lot of free apps, its 1.4 GHz processor which makes his &lt;a href="[...]>phone&lt;/a> even faster.I am really happy with the performance of this phone.Great phone to buy.

Estoy muy satisfecha con la compra de este tel&eacute;fono, el producto es excelente, me encanta la funci&oacute;n Panoramica de la C&aacute;mara, las fotos son excelente y la calidad de la m&uacute;sica es realmente fant&aacute;stica.. la empresa siempre me mantuvo informado sobre el procedimiento de env&iacute;o y resolvio todas mis dudas.

el producto llego en excelentes condiciones, me gusta el telefono yrecomiendo ampliamente al vendedor. tiempos de llegada conforme lo establecido. muchas gracias.

First and foremost, I would like to thank the seller for the extremely quick delivery! I received the phone 4 days before the estimated shipping date which is incredible.The Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc S is an all round stunner. You can update it to Android 4.0 (Ice cream sandwich) with the updater found on the Sony website (takes about an hour).The phone has a sleek, slim, sexy finish to it with a small drawback which is the absence of a front facing camera. Also, its 1.4GHz processor will surely impress you!I can thus conclude that this smartphone is an amazing gadget with awesome features and this is the seller to buy it from (Cheap, efficient, punctual)Abel Girma

well exceeded my expectations, first of all it works with AT&T 4g network just fine just make sure you put the right access point information. couple of things i am not very keen on; internal memory and  the quality of pictures taken by the camera. it reaches the internal memory limits really fast so i had to used an app (ApptoSD) to open up some space and it runs smooth again. other than that the phone is excellent, has a  good battery life, excellent voice, nice design and is very light!!!.

Love the picture quality, audio playback, email & social network syncing. Not too happy about the battery life but I wont complain. Overall, it was worth it or an unlocked device (although I did pay $260 at the time of purchase).

The product came in a nice box with all accessories. I would have given it 5 stars had the phone worked well for more than just a few first weeks. Not that it failed to meet my expectation later on, but I could clearly tell that the phone took a bit longer response time compared to the first few weeks. Maybe it's because there is too much data. Other that this, it is clearly my favorite now. The music just sounds superb.

The phone is very nice.. Exelent camera..all features that competion has.. Low price..Only points to improve is battery life and phone memory management.

The best phone I ever had I love it better than my iPod touch cause I don't even use my iPod any more just need a 32gb card and a case and screen protector and this phone will be a part of me

Does anyone know what phone companies this phone will work with? I love my sony ericsson now so wanted an upgrade but dont know if this will work for AT&T.

why i have revision my payment method continously?every 5minutes the site tell me 'revision the payment method'please solve this problem

I bough two of these phones for friends and they are simply the best phones you can get if you like this style. Of course there are newer models but for the price of this phone and the quality you get it is awesome. They will definitely take a beating. One phone took about two years of brutal conditions and still functioned flawlessly.

I love this phone.  It is beautiful and works great.  The only thing for a US buyer is that AT&T; is not going to give it access to 3G.  I only have GSPR, which is really bad.  Many websites aren't going to load and streaming media?  you can forget about it.  I talked to AT&T; support for about one hour and they couldn't help me.  They pretty much told to buy another phone.:(Other than that, it is a great device to have.

Really like it, it has all features that I was looking for & has many more interesting features too. Enjoying it a lot

Excellent buy, arriving in time, the package was perfectly, the contains full, it's my first Android phone and i'm pretty happy, i took a 48 hours to explore all the things that comes with it and his great OS Ginger Bread...the front buttons are not the most confortables at the world, but not are the worst either...I recomended 100%, already upgrade to ICS is the same functions but more better looking. Oh almost forget, the camera is awesome and the button cam too, playing videos is equal very good to watch movies or make your own. (sorry for my english)

hiiI did my purchase 4 months ago and I didn^t recive anything yet I can`t still waiting for this item I`d like to know what`s the problem ? why my phone didn`t arrive?please help me

I have bought 3 of it, 2 of it have problem and need to send back to sony for repair, and it takes quite a while to fix it.

I am a iPhone 3GS user. Purchased it 3 years ago...and still it is working super fine. When I first opened the box and saw this phone...I was very disappointed with the design. It felt so flimsy and weak...that if I accidently dropped it once...I am sure it will break into 2-3 pieces. The plastic back cover is so shameful. Where are all the designers in Sony?The phone itself works pretty fast and the graphics are nice.

Dear Sirs,I bought a Sony Ericsson with quality problem, the batery is damaged and the phone is not working properly. My son is very sad and we had the worst purchase experience in Amazon ever.In addition, all the configuration came in Chinese (apps) with manual in Chinese. There are not google play and neither Android market.I am very disappointed with Amazon and it was the first time I bought a product with problemI live in Brazil and I do not know what to doMy email is rrabbat@ajato.com.brRegards,Renato

The phone is remarkably fast and looks stunning,there one problem i have with this phone is the battery drain fast and it takes for forever to charge another than that the phone is awesome.Its hard it find a retailer that sells cases for this phone so i would buy one on amazon.

This Sony Ericson smartphone is not working appropriately under strong sunshine and the screen turns black. After I updated its software through Internet it works better than before,but it still does not work under strong sunshine.It still working well since I have bought it.Ali

Sony always surprises me with its products!! Fast soaring thru the apps and strong signals everywhere. I will always recommend it.

Not only this cell phone, works and does everything as promised in the product description, but also, it has a great and sleek design, same that has been replicated and maintained in the new series of Xperia phones branded by Sony, the arc shaped back. It came with Gingerbread android version, but, by being an unlocked phone, once you plug it to your computer, an update to Ice Cream Sandwich becomes available, making it a much better product!!

Nice screen, vivid colors with high speed processor. very impressive quality and good for the price too. Slim, light and small in design but still has all what I expect on a smart phone. It also has a very very good camera that will give the best quality images even in low light (because it has Exmor sensor from Sony and flash light.)

I love my phone! I still haven't figured out a way to avoid all these fingerprints. It's thin and easy to use

I bought this for my friend and he loved it. He is very happy with the quality of camera and 3D Camera function of the phone.

Before I start let me just say that my opinion is very, very biased. I LOVE Sony products. I think they are so beautiful and work so well~! I just really adore Sony. I went out of my way to get a Sony phone because I want to support my favorite company as much as I can. I already own a PS3, a PSP, and a PS Vita and now I have a Sony phone to match! XPWith that being said, I couldn't be happier with my phone. I got in during an Ebay auction for $172, so I'd check there before buying it on Amazon, unfortunately. I love how sleek the phone runs and Ice Cream Sandwich looks gorgeous on my phone. I especially love the Media player, the camera and Timescape, which shows the pictures of everyone who sends you a message or something. It's actually really cool to scroll through and see all your texts in little boxes, IMO.The one downside, which I can't blame anyone but T-Mobile for, is that my phone actually only uses 2G speeds. It can connect to 3G, but it constantly cuts in and out, which I discovered when I tried to make a call using the 3G service. It will drop the sound, though the person on the other end can hear you, then cut back in. So yeah, just stay with the 2G, it's really not that bad. All in all, this phone is beautiful and is an upgrade from my G2 with the exception of the slower service.

This Smartphone is amazing slim & a very good long hour of use before i need to recharge it. The camera on this is very sharp, and don't need much light. the sound is crytal clear on the speaker when i'm play my mp3. great phone but it would be better if it was a 4G.

Very stylish and functional. With the upgrade to ICS its memory can be a little short but works good anyway. The only cons a i see is the internal memory wich es very very short (less than 1 GB free after O.S. installation) but it can be solved a little movind some applications to SD.In Generla a very good for the price.

I purchased this phone for my girlfriend as a birthday gift. A couple months throughout its use, the phone would turn off by itself. We never could handle the phone. When we called Sony,the technical support advised to reset the phone in vain. Eventually, they explained that the phone should not have been sold in the US. Now, no one seemed to want to help. Sony Customer Service Representatives would promise to call back, but they never do so.I would not recommend this phone to anyone else. it's a bad product

Excelente Smartphone, buen tama&ntilde;o, hermoso dise&ntilde;o, gran pantalla, buena resoluci&oacute;n, toma maravillosas fotograf&iacute;as,veloz al trabajar y ejecutar las aplicaciones y magnifico precio. Tiene casi todo lo que deseo. El &uacute;nico detalle es que me hubiera agradado que los botones fueran t&aacute;ctiles. Por lo dem&aacute;s todo perfecto.

Even though it comes from the rising house of Sony, its hindered by its lack of onboard storage (1GB)... If this were to go through a growth phase like some other makers, we'd have the makings here of a heavy hitter... But as of this writing, James Bond's Skyfall has come out and the new LT 30 has graced fans with its presence... This is still a good phone, but the hiccups with ICS on the Android platform has it a bit shaky... Bugs still need to be worked out, a notch... All in all, a pretty decent phone, the shape is quite the attention grabber (it IS an Arc, after all)...

positive-Good built quality, nice touchscreen.negative-Battery time is very short.,internal memory could be higher.,it gets very hot.,slippery so it can easily fall from your hands.

EXCELENTE PRODUCTO, MUY RAPIDO, LIGERO Y BONITO,GRAN PANTALLA EXCELENTE RESOLUCION, GPS EXCELENTE CAMARA LO BASTANTE BUENA PARA UN CELULAR. LO UNICO MALO NO TIENE CAMARA FRONTAL PARA VIDEOLLAMADAS,

este telefono de verdad que es muy bueno.. aunque si me toco pagar mas o menos de aduana valio la pena la compra unico detalle es el protector de pantalla que trae que es muy malo no esta hecho a la medida y la verdad es inservible la pantalla de igual manera no se raya es muy rapido la bateria dura bastante estoy muy contento la verdad  ah bueno aun no me acostumbro a los 3 botones pero es una excelente opcion muy recomendado viene con una memoria sd de 8gb su cargador usb y audifonos

I purchased this phone w/ the highest expextations ever... I read lotta of good comments, post, blogs, etc about this phone, the best option available if you don't want a Galaxy or iPhone.However, my very first dislike was about the battery duty... less than 24 hrs in regular use, then I understood that's normal on smarphones (this was my first xperience w/ this cells)Then, everything started having problems, not enough space to update installed apps on the inner memory & no option to install'em on the external one, the camera used to crash (and chrash the whole phone) specially if you set the max resolution (8 MP), it's really hard to take panoramic pics.The system stucks at least once a day and THE WORST: THE THOUCH SCREEN STOPED WORKING AFTER 1 1/2 MONTH OF PURCHASED SO I LOST MY NEW PHONE!!!! =(Compr&eacute; el aparato con las m&aacute;s altas espectativa.... Le&iacute; excelentes comentarios en blogs especializados, lo muestran como la mejor opci&oacute;n si no quer&eacute;s un Galaxy o un iPhone...Sin embargo, las primeras decepciones comensaron con la duraci&oacute;n de la bateria... menos de 24 horas en uso regular, luego comprend&iacute; que es cas&iacute; normal con los Smartphones.Luego, todo empeor&oacute;... el terminal no tiene suficiente espacio para para actualizar los apps en la memoria interna, ni una opci&oacute;n para instalarlas en la externa, la camara suele pegarse (y hacer lo propio con el telefono) especialmente si la usas en la resoluci&oacute;n m&aacute;xima (8 mp), adem&aacute;s de lo dificil que se vuelve tomar fotos panor&aacute;micas...El t&eacute;rminal suele pegarse por lo menos una vez al d&iacute;a (casi x regla) y luego pas&oacute; lo PEOR:  CON APENAS MES Y MEDIO DE HABERLO COMPRADO, LA PANTALLA T&Aacute;CTIL DEJ&Oacute; DE REACCIONAR Y PERD&Iacute; MI TELEFONO....REALMENTE LAMENTABLE MI EXPERIENCIA CON ESTA MARCA Y MODELO...Sony Ericsson Xperia arc S LT18a Unlocked Phone with Android, 8 MP Camera, 1.4 GHz Processor, and 4.2-Inch Display--U.S. Warranty (Black)

It's older, but so far it has served me better than my Lg p999. The p999 was fine once I'd installed a good OS, as is this unit after a few updates. It takes great pictures and is an excellent hotspot, which has saved my life on more than one occasion, in Italy and in Honolulu. I've seen Naples and the whole of Rome through the lens of the xperia. My best photos came from the lens of this Sony device. When I finally purchase a high-end camera or a new phone, they will likely be Sony.

I haven't started using this phone yet, but my only big concern is Amazon claims to say this phone is new and unlocked. However, it came in unsealed box, one of the parts didn't have individual plastic bag, and the way it was packed inside just doesn't make me believe this phone is absolutely new! In fact, I've asked a representative in on-line chat who confirmed this phone/box will be sealed. I have no time to send it back right now, but if something goes wrong within 1 month, I'll return it.

Good quality phone for a good price.Pros: Unlocked for use around the world except on Verizon and Sprint in the US. Good call quality and data speed. Adequate storage with expansion. Processor is as fast as Motorola Droid3 dual cores. I can simultaneously listen to music, play Angry Birds and be downloading a book with no lag in any of them. Implementation of Folders allows a compact presentation of most of your apps on a single screen for quick access. Good quality screen of good size. Slim and light. Battery life is adequate for heavy usage. RAM memory size is adequate for what I do and is plenty fast. The internal storage and the removable microSD card are used as a single storage system. Some downloaded apps can be moved to the microSD card using an included feature to extend the small native app storage. I replaced the included 8Gb microSD card with a 32Gb one. I just used my laptop to copy the included data on the 8Gb card to the 32Gb and everything works fine. I have over 3,000 songs, 2,900 pictures, and more than 60 apps on the combined cards with 7Gb free (but with just 65Mb free in the dedicated app space). The phone is light in weight. On screen keyboard is much better than my Droid3 with bigger keys in landscape orientation. Good Android Gingerbread implementation with ICS coming.Cons: Can't add an extended life battery without ruining the slim style case with a big bulging alternate cover in the back. The screen is the biggest battery draw. 10-12 hours of continuous screen usage can drain the battery. But that's far better than my LG Quantum Windows 7 phone and a bit better than my Droid 3 was with the OEM battery before replacement with an 1800mA hour one. Under normal usage of the Experia it's about 2 and a half days before I have to recharge the battery.Other:  I bought this phone as a world travel replacement for my Motorola Droid 3 which only roams data if you pay Verizon's high charges. The unlocked SE Experia Arc S is not tied to any particular carrier. It works anywhere in the world for both cell and data. I'm using 3G for Internet and email on MTN and Airtel in Ghana. The cell quality is good for calls within country as well as to other countries in Africa and to the US. Data access is just as fast as what I'm getting on my laptop using an MTN cell modem. Often the Experia is faster than the laptop since it has to transfer less data to fill the screen. Wireless performance is good with good signal sensitivity. The Droid3 camera is junk. So the Experia camera is a welcome relief. The software implementation gives adequate camera control for a phone. I haven't used the 3D feature and never will. Audio quality is very good for playing music using the Poweramp app while reading library books on the phone - great for the plane. This phone is a bargain for world travel.Update 11/18/12I've used it for six months and the Experia Arc S continues to be my favorite phone. It's upgraded to Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich and I've now had a chance to use a couple of other features.Bluetooth: Works great. I use it to transfer pictures to my tablet using the Bluetooth File Transfer app. It's handy to be able to both make backup copies of my photos while away from my home computer and to copy pictures over to my Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus for showing to family and friends.Wireless Hotspot (cell modem): I used this in Bangladesh where I didn't have wireless available at my guest house. I had in my phone a BanglaLink SIM card with data plan which I had picked up at the airport. I just started up the Hotspot in the Xperia Connectivity Settings. Then I was able to use the phone as a wireless router. I connected my laptop for sending long emails home and downloading documents from the Web. The hotspot actually was a little faster than using a USB cell modem in my laptop. The data usage was quite spare. I'll use it again when I return to Bangladesh early next year.I use this phone everyday. I hope it lasts a long time. I don't want to give it up.

I am very happy with this phone. I've had it for about a month and I am in love with it!!!
