
I bought this for my grandaughter so I could keep in touch with her. She loves it.and I'll buy another.

The phone is just "ok" not worth what is being charged to purchase it thats for sure. I bought it for my son for Christmas and he had a horrible time getting it set up. The phone only takes 1 payment plan...the unlimited talk, text, etc plan. There is no way to add any smaller amounts. Wish this was made known in the description but it wasnt. Net 10- customer support is less than appropriate. They were rude and hung up 3 times on my son while trying to get this phone activated. You CANNOT use your SIM card from another Net 10 phone to put in this one..........wish that was made known in the description but it wasnt. You WILL be given a new phone number.......its just too much of a hassle to go thru.There are too many bugs with this phone currently and it hasnt been all worked out yet. Even Net 10 Engineer admitted that to my son as well as stating that customer service was not trained yet on all the functions on the phone so they actually know less about it then we probably do! (Seriously, why would they put a phone out on the market and their customer service dont even know how to operate it or give suggestions). Customer service told my 19 yr old son that he didnt need to have a cell phone if he couldnt set it up properly!!! They are RUDE and HORRIBLE to deal with. It took him a day and a half to get the phone set up and it was ONLY after a Net 10 Engineer did it and it took him 2 1/2 hours to get it activated and up and running.Save your money and your time on the phone with rude customer service reps!! Buy something else........oh and this phone freezes up as stated in another persons review of this phone. I was hoping it was not going to happen but my son has used this phone now for 2 weeks and he called me today and said it is now freezes up and locking him out of the phone. One more episode of this and it WILL be returned.

This is my 2nd touch screen phone, first Android phone.  It took Net 10 about half a day to activate the phone, but once it was activated, I have been in love ever since. I use to make fun of people always playing with their phones, but I get it now!The screen is really responsive, the Google apps are easy to install, I also found and loaded load an anti-virus and anti-theft app.The text messaging is a little hard to get use to, but I like it now because you can turn the screen sideways and the phone reloads the page and you have more room to type.  Also has the text to speech, which is fun too. The internet is fast and easy to navigate.I just really love LG phones and if you are use to their other products and want a good little Android phone for $69, I think this is a great buy.  Especially if you enroll in Net 10's monthly plan, $45 unlimited everything! Can't beat that for a 3G Android phone. I LOVE this phone.

Dont buy this phone without checking the net10 website because the service is through at&t so if that phone doesnt work in your area it WONT work for you as this phone will not work or me! my mistake... dont make the same mistake...

I have just ordered this phone and should have it around June 5th. I presently use the LG 800G touchscreen phone with 4GB SD card. I am buying the Optimus Net because the LG 800 just makes you wish you would have bought an Android phone as it will "almost" do some of things the Android does. It's more of a "dumbphone" than a "smartphone". I thought that if I got the extra memory, which marketing leads you to believe, that I could run the Android apps. App capable doesn't mean it will run like an Android. Anyway, back to the purchase. I am seeing (albeit a bit late) reviews dogging this phone, saying it has a bad camera, small screen, cheap case, and on and on. I wanted a smartphone, but can't afford the Droids, HTC's, etc. and now I'm not sure if this is the phone for me. Maybe I should keep using the 800 and save up for a good Android. I know I could get .01 cent phones with major carriers and a two year contract, 59 to 79 dollar plans plus all the FCC fees, taxes and who really knows what those fees are, plus you have to buy data plans from 30 to 50 bucks per month! $50.00 per month unlimited is better suited for my budget, in fact, truth is - it's hard to justify fifty bucks a month, but no more.Can someone tell me if I am making a mistake buying this phone? Are the reviews comparing this phone (which used to be the top of the line with Net 10 before the LG Black) with the new Android 4.0 phones and other top of the line phones out there? Or, will this phone do basic Android stuff, like post and read Facebook, check your bank balance, credit card availability, etc. with ease. (the 800 will, but very clunky at best. Too easy to "fat finger" and open other things you don't want open and in your way while trying to accomplish a completely different task due to small screen and limited scrolling)I suppose this isn't a review as much as a "blog", but I need someone to tell me the facts about the LG Optimus Net, Please..... I have a profile on Amazon: James "Bear" RossonTHANKS!!!P.S. I will definitely re-post and hopefully re-word this review after I receive my new phone in order to be of some help to prospective buyers make a decision, but for now I just need more information from just ordinary buyers, like me, before I get it. Also, any tips, like setup, etc. are welcome. ***UPDATE AD OF 12/27/2012 -- No more remorse/skepticism. Now FIVE (5) STAR Satisfaction.***

I read other customer reviews before purchasing this item, and received mixed messages. So I bought the phone in spite of reviews just to try it out, and I found that it works great just as the seller said it would. It arrived a day before the expected delivery date and it was in perfect condition. It functions well: i can browse the web with speed, the youtube app works well. and i can scroll through items with ease. it was also easy to register. The only thing I would say is research this product before you buy it. Make sure you can afford the unlimited plan from net10 in addition to checking for coverage in your area. To me, it was worth the price.

This cell phone and the seller was awesome.  However, when I got it it would not pick up service. So after reading reviews, I found that I should check the sprint.com website to see if I was in a covered area.  I was not.  Before buying this phone check sprint.com, as this phone, because it is an andriod phone, uses sprint towers, not the regular towers.

The first phone I received would cut off in the middle of conversations and come back on even when charged and at times I wouldn't receive my text messages. I'd have to turn the phone off, turn it back on just to reset everything so my texts would come through. The dealer was kind enough to send me a replacement phone, but once again the phone is doing the same thing the first one did. Its also a huge hassle when having your number transferred to a new NET10 phone. I'm contemplating requesting a new phone, but not sure if I feel like going through the hassle again for the same thing to happen again. Besides that the phone works okay.

The phone is differnt than what I'm use to. I have to learn it. Overall satisfied with it. Seams to me battery life is short.

this was a christmas gift for my 5 yr old son.  it is only used for games and music.  he loves it.  you don't need to activate the minutes.  just use the wireless connection to download things.  it's not an iphone or galaxy, but it works great for what it is.

Absoultly great phone....for me i dont need a phone works jus as well, easy to txt volume great for music..great purchase Android even greater price.

I don't have this phone but have Net 10 service for over 2 years with many different phones. You can't use sim card in any of their other phones and don't try and port your existing number without being on the phone with someone from India for hours. Currently I just bought their sim card and I'm using my AT&T LOCKED HTC Inspire 4G on their $50 a month plan. It works great  but internet data rates although said to be at 4G speeds isn't the best at times but does worked. to recap customer service does suck at times but I live in South Jersey and phone service is excellent. I pay less then half of what I used to for only 400 minutes with ATT. Net 10 servie is worth the hassles if you live in an area where they have service like NJ.

I actually got a great deal on HSN for this phone using Net 10 and checked the site for my zip code as suggested and it said I had service in my area. After getting the phone and using it for awhile I found out only certain areas of my town can get service. Where I live in town I get no service within about 4 blocks either way of my house. I got an inexpensive antenna to put outside my back window and I can get some service. I would not only check the sprint site, but call and ask if you can get service for your street. I'm in the process of going back to Straight Talk and Verizon service. I had no problems with their phone or service. They just didn't have an android phone for a really good price at the time.

The battery does not hold a charge for very long and the service is terrible in most of  our area.

phonehas met my expectations for a simple android phone its everything to me but the memory is a bit low on the phone sd card can be changed to give phone mpore memory and storage

Was hard to figure out at first because it didn't come with an activation card. So I called to find out where the serial number was. After that amazing phone!

GREAT little phone when it comes to apps and games. I am,however,a bit disappointed with the phone's signal range. Make sure that you have Sprint coverage in your area. I do and still have 1-3 bars most of the time and rarely full bars. And again, Sprint covers my entire area.

I Purchased a new phone December of Last Year, i am a student so i needed it cheap so i bought an optimus net...-PROS-InexpensiveEasy To UseWIFI CompatableGood Music PlayerGood Coverage (Net10)Clear Call Quality-Cons-Virtually No Internal MemoryMine Commonly OverheatsCant run many AppsInternet can be slowBrowser kicks you off certain websitesApps Run SlowIve had mine replaced TwiceTouch Screen works poorlyTexting is awfulImpossible to find accesoriesNo One makes a case for thos phoneMy Opinion...KEEP LOOKING!!!1.5 / 5  STARS

Good phone an i like it.  like it and i never had a phne like this be for it is a good phone.

Its a refurbished phone the price was right but it shuts off in the middle of a call...it freezes alot..i have to charge it twice a day. It worked fine for a month. My neice has the same phone also refurbished and has the same issues. Like we said the price is what got us.

I purchased this phone locally at our Target store.  I will use it primarily in Southern Oregon.  It was a "clearance item" for $69.99 (regular Target price was $99.99) I purchased a Net10 $50 one month unlimited card at the local Safeway store, went home, charged the phone and was able to follow the simple instructions and had the phone up and running in about 15 minutes via the internet on my laptop.  So far so good. I have already noticed that I will need to charge this phone more frequently than my old basic cell phone but considering all that can be done with an Android phone I guess that is to be expected. Since it is powered by Google you are pretty much forced to set up your Google account and use your Gmail contact list.  I had to enter phone numbers into my contact list which was kind of a pain for me since I never used Google contacts for phone numbers.  I couldn't find a way to just use a simple phone list on the phone but now that it is configured it has been making calls, sending emails and IM's flawlessly.  I'm happy and am not locked in to any lengthy contracts.  This phone does exactly what it says it will do. You can use it in 3G mode or configure it to use WI-fi. With this particular model you are locked into the $50 for unlimited access for a 30 day period.  You cannot purchase cards with smaller blocks of minutes.

Hey great phone as long as you are in a sprint tower network, the sellar is not at fault, net 10 said it would. well it works so long as I am outside. I will  find out who's net work that is used by net 10. I have and it is A T and T here where I live and the only ths phone  I can get to use here is a zte merrit per net 10 supervisor. So now as it stands I have 3 phones but none of them are smart phones.The sellar did a great job getting here and the price was great.

Im on a very tight budget, and it's zoo nice to have an updated phone for a good price. No problems with setting it up or anything, only thing I would change would be a bigger screen for typing other wise no complaining.

Without problems; Perfect service. The cell is a good buy. It's funcional because it dosn't have contract. A good touch, and ligth.

i just got the phone a couple days ago it was easy to set up. it has great speed and pretty good coverage where im at and its really easy to use

I bought this phone a long time ago but recently it got stolen and really broke my heart but overall i loved this phone while i had it the only problems i have had were it erased my whole sd card one time i was pissed but i got a new one and it worked fine also my battery was on the bad side it would constantly go dead and would take forever to get fully charged at 100% then my calls started fading where i would have to scream at callers from my end of the line and there still saying "Huh" "What" so i knew my course had run out with my phone but overall it held up nice when dropped it would bounce back as if nothing ever happened the display was very nice compared to what cricket offers also in the beginning i had alot of dropped calls suddenly it became less frequent and it didn't get extremely hot like my other touch screens it happened a few times but not as much to complain overall i liked this phone wish i still had it but wouldn't buy it again due to my fetish of phones i like to experience them then move on when things go sour

i was woundering if u can use the 200 an 600 minute cards for this phone like the cards u can by at any store

works very well. its a nice phone .had no problems with it at all would recamend it.very nice phone. good deal

Updated 12/23/12: My phone stopped working when I was away from home even though I'm on autobill and my credit card is in good standing. After 55 minutes of being on the phone with a CSR at net10, who asked me for my credit card number no less than 3 times and address 4 times, he finally got my phone reactivated and had no explanation why it hadn't autobilled. I sure hope I don't go through this craziness each month. If I do, I will surely cancel my service and go elsewhere. Cheap is no always worth it----------------------------------For the price I paid (59.99) this phone does a lot. I can make/receive calls, get my email from 3 different accounts easily, text and has nice GPS feature. The one drawback not a small one, is the difficulty I have typing messages and emails. Even in landscape mode the keyboard is super cramped and I have small fingers. I plan on ordering a stylus to help me with typing. I probably should've opted for a slide out keyboard phone. Otherwise I got more than I paid for.

This is my first android, I am slowly learning how to use it.  But I like this little phone.It gets me to facebook,google,my drop cam home camera work good on this phone.I cant get all the aps. I would like, but that, o.k. for the price it is great.

I loved this phone. I just upgraded to the HTC Evo by Boost Mobile. But, yeah Net10 is an awesome company that made an awesome phone.

I bought 2 lg45 smartphones, these work really well, I gave them to wife and daughter for birthday presents, and we use to have a big cellphone company, we have recently changed to a no-contact server, and Net10 works great!! We love these phones!!

I love the phone the only problem is with customer service.I can't understand anything they say. I have to ask them to repeat many times. The phone is great no dropped calls great coverage and good price at 50 for as much talk text -web!!

This phone is pretty good as a first smartphone. It's not extremely powerful, but I've had no complaints about that. No dropped calls, reliable text delivery, and the Swype keyboard is awesome! Internal memory seems to fill up fast, and the Android 2.2 won't play some of the newer games. Battery life is great . . . on standby. I usually work 8-10 hour shifts & still have around 98% left on the battery. However, if you're heavy into surfing the web, it only lasts a few hours.The biggest downside is that over the year that I've had this phone, I've had to do a factory reset three times, for various issues. This is more than a little annoying.Overall, a decent phone for the price as a starter or backup phone.

I love this phone. Because I use it as a "mini computer " I can say it excels. I have Kindle app and use the mp3 player constantly. Do Facebook and blog. Can watch netflix and use for email and message constantly. I love Net 10 have used with my previous phone too for 3 years. very reliable. With the sd card installed i have unlimited storage of music photos and apps. The phone sound is very clear. Also have never dropped a  call. The battery life could be better but I think that is me because I never put it down..

I am a college student on a budget so I bought this to save money since the monthly service is so cheap compared to other unlimited plans.  I use it constantly to go online and I literally have about 50 apps that range from Facebook to GRE practice to games, etc. which were all completely free.  I have 8+ GB of music on it and still have plenty of room on it (you can put whatever microSD card in that you would like so I bought a 16 GB one for like $10). I have had this phone for a few months now and have only had 2 dropped calls and it has excellent service.  The sound is amazing whether you are watching youtube videos, taking a phone call, or listening to songs.  Plus the screen is absolutely amazing! The HD videos definitely look HD.  I have no complaints whereas my stupid Ipod touch 4gen was such a rip off. I brag about my phone all the time since I have a cheap smart phone with cheap service. Buy this phone!!! Plus you can go on the NET 10 website and sign up for an automatic monthly plan!!! So convenient!!

i've only had this for 2 months,i give it 4 stars!  i received it promply and its been so easy to set up and use i'm happy with this purchase

Update 3/5/13Well, I believe everything I said when I first got this phone but HSN had another one of their daily specials on a Galaxy Rush (M830) and I was just running out of space on this phone and since you can't send everything to the SD card, I had to delete somethings just to update existing apps. I wasn't going to replace it 10 months into it, but I was at a road block regarding internal memory. I think this is a great starter smartphone and if you don't want to use it for a lot of apps, I still recommend it.I've barely touched the internal memory (although I have plenty apps on it) and haven't figured out how to transfer my apps to the SD card; something that was an easy option with the LG L45C unit. While they have the same Droid OS, they are not entirely the same. I now have a comparison and The LG was OK as my first smartphone, but I can see the speed difference in my newer Samsung. The screen is a little bit bigger, but not by much. I wouldn't have upgraded because of that alone, it was more of using up the memoroy. In a couple of cases, I couldn't delete some text messages because I didn't have enough memory to accomplish a delete. I thought that was strange, but I had to delete an app just to delete some text threads.If you're not going to load a lot of apps, I still think this is a great little phone. Perfect for email, text, web and some apps. Oh, it works pretty good as just a phone also!------------------------------------5/3/12 This phone replaced my good ole Rugby (the one and only indestructible phone). I swore I'd never part with it but after 8 years, it was about time. I saw this on HSN and coming from a wee old flip phone (rugged as it was), I thought it was quite remarkable. Now I don't buy from the TV on impulse and this was the daily special, so I knew the ad would come around again shortly. I went on their website and checked it out there, then went hunting on the web to read up about it. The reviews were mostly favorable and the ones that weren't were issues with speed or memory; neither of which really concerned me. I watched the next hour's ad to absorb everything they said it would do. The phone was $99 and they offered a 4 payment option. On top of that, they were giving the first month free ($50 gift card). The no contract monthly service is $45, if you use your debit card with Net10. That unlimited Net10 service is for voice/text/web/411/GPS and I knew that was the only plan available for this phone (HSN is good about explaining things like that). Since I am directionally challenged, I thought the GPS alone was great and my previous AT&T; service was $45 and all I could do was make a phone call.I figured it would be difficult to learn something completely new, but I had to make the change. After I figured how to get passed the screen lock (swipe right - I know - easy), everything else was pretty self-teaching and not difficult. The little manual that comes with it is extremely basic. You have to get the full version online. I found that out by myself and it was easy to find. I love the size of it; not as big as my friends' phones that look like they have a package in their pants (no, not "that" package). It came with a flexible rubber skin, USB/charger and 6 free apps (GPS for off-road directions was one - good for hikers). Now, it might not be new to you, but being able to talk to my phone is pretty cool. I don't know how I ever got along without this.OK, you've all heard about Net10's customer service (or lack of it). All true. I really only called to ask a question (can I sign up online?) but the CSR started asking me a list of questions so I figured I'd just stay on with him. Prior to that, Net10's website directed me to TracPhone's site and I didn't know if I should continue because HSN said nothing about TracPhone. Anyway, the guy I talked to wasn't rude to me, but he frustrated me. Still, he got the job done. One thing he kept telling me is to turn off the phone in a while so it would reset to accept my old number. I explained the phone was already off and asked should I turn it on? He repeated himself and said just to turn the phone off. I repeated myself too and said the phone is already off. He repeated himself again and I said, "Look, you're telling me to turn the phone off and I'm telling you I can't do that because the phone is already turned off." I continued, "Now, if you want me to turn the phone off, I will have to turn it on first in order to turn it off. Is that what you want me to do?" He said, "The phone has to be off to accept your old number." I said, "I understand that, but do you understand that my phone is already off?" Anyway, somehow we got passed that. I don't know if it was because he was in India, or just someone that didn't quite grasp English that well. Either way, I got through the set up. I read one review that said you can't use your old number, but HSN said you could and I did and it took less than 1 hour. My AT&T; account was automatically closed. I did wait till nearly my next billing, so I wouldn't overlap service too much (didn't want to pay 2 accounts simultaneously). Also, I'm not signing up with my debit card till the day before my free month is up. If you get the free month and then use your debit/credit card, you will lose any remaining time on your free month. I would assume the same to apply if you had a prepaid card.I won't keep this one 8 years like my Rugby, but I'm already attached to it, so it will be a while. I don't need the latest and greatest, just something I can depend on. For me, it's the perfect Android and I love it!

This is a wonderful android phone, I love it. I use it for business, and a little personal. Even though it operates on Sprint, it still has okay coverage and speed. I get coverage on all interstates, major cities and minor cities. Perfect for me, especially since I travel a lot (for business). Just don't use over 5 GB's a month, or Net 10 will turn off your data. I experienced this twice before, not very fun. I highly recommend this phone!!!!

This Phone is amazing, oh and well so is Net 10.  For anyone who does not know your contract phones that you can get out there are ridiculously overpriced!  There are better options for those who dont know this and you can also(for those who dont know) actually have an iPhone on the Net10 plans!  That is right people you can!Back to the phone this phone is awesome!  I have been trying to get my mom to get a Net10 phone so she can save some money so when she said a month before Christmas that she needed a new phone I was like oh , Maybe Daddy will get you one.  So that is when the bulb lit up in my head and I started looking for a phone right on Amazon!  I found this and decided to get it for her as this is a great buy for your buck!  I knew she needed one that was easy to use and she needed to be able to talk back and forth to my daughter.  Because they talk so much, and my daughter loves to text now, my mom did not have a phone that was able to do that, so I knew she needed it to be able to text, and something she could move around on the phone as she is not getting any younger and she needs to be able to see the screen but also should not need some sort of diploma to be able to use it!  This was a perfect decision as she is really happy that it also has a GPS so if she forgets hers at home boom she can tap the screen and turn it on!  Touch screen is the new way of the world!  No more having to move arrow buttons around on a complicated piece of plastic!  Oh NO, Now you just swipe your phone tap the screen and done!  It also has voice recognition so it can type for you for those who are not able to do like if you have a handicap!  I LOVE THIS PHONE!

This phone is a cheat. I am 14 and wanted it for my birthday, it turns out that you can only use it with the unlimited $50 per month card and you cannot use it with a regular net10 minute card. I would not suggest getting this if you are not willing to pay $50 a month for it.

This is my first ever android phone, so as I am reviewing this as a regular phone (and yes, we all know that net10's customer service is quite sketchy, so I'm not reviewing that either). Now, to start off, it's small when compared to more expensive androids, but when you think about it, that's not really a downside, since you don't have a brick in your pocket (heck, it can fit in your pocket). The body itself isn't an eye-catcher, since it's an lg optimus, so they all basically look alike with just minor changes, and honestly it's a phone, not a car. You're not going to brag on how cool your phone looks (unless it's made of solid light). The good thing about this phone though, because it doesn't use the whole front of the phone as the touch screen, is that it is tough. I have dropped it several times from five feet in the air and the only thing that would pop off is the back of the case, which is usual, and it would work normally with no cracks or dents. Now, for the programming. Yes, it is slow compared to higher priced androids and it can't support the new flash player 11. Netflix isn't very good, with a good sec of lagging between when the character speaks and the words actually come out of the speaker. However, the browser is quick, even without the wi-fi, and you can use youtube. With wi-fi,everything gets an upgrade in speed, with no loading problems on youtube and browser loading instantly. Nearly all apps run quickly and efficiently, with minor loading problems. And finally, this thing has a bunch of accessories for it, and I realize that a lot of people haven't found them yet. Reason being is that this phone goes by another name. It is also called the LG optimus 2. I have a skin for my phone that fits perfectly, so don't be afraid to get the optimus 2 skin for net10 optimus net phone. Now as far as lagging problems, I have had to restart my phone once to get everything back in order, but that was just one of those times. All in all, if you just want to try out android and see what the fuss is about, give it a try. It's one of the better of the cheap android phones, better than the Samsung intercept by all means.

In need of a colorful fone case or covers...can't find any tht will fit this fone..plzzzz helpBesides tht the fone wrks well I am able to download app and everything

ive had this phone for a while now and it hasnt givin me a problem good cheap smart phone the only down side is net10 there coverage sucks

This is my first android phone and I could not be more impressed...everything runs smoothly including hq youtube videos.  Great if you are on a budget.  Buy it before the price drops, now!!!

This is my first smart phone, and I must say that for the money, it does exactly the same as the phones my co-workers have at a fraction of the cost, it's my opinion, but I love it!!!!!

I like the phone but unable to activate the phone because there are no towers throw Net 10 that are able to Supourt a smartphone in my area so my child is unable to make calls or activate the phone so really I am out of a phone that I paid for and cannot use the phone! So I'm not happy with that! And people please check and see if towers in your area can support your phone before buying because you will not be able to use the phone at all!

I'm excited to see how good this phone is from all the other reviews that I read. Hopefully it's a good phone............. If it is then totally bye it.....

does this phone use sprint or at&t towers?  net 10 uses both plus verizon.  i do not have sprint here.  also did it come in a box with a map of the united states on it?  if it did it can be used anywhere and uses verizon towers. if it does not have a sim card in it it uses verizon towers. if it does have a sim card it most likely uses at&t.  at&t works in most areas but not all. at&t map coverage online is not accurate by the way. someone please let me know in ur next review.  thanks.

Because of this phone I have lost communication with my family, friends, and income my family and bills rely on.  Every time I get a call or call someone; the call fails or I can't understand anything said! Txt messages take up to 20 mins sometimes not even coming in at all. I can't reasearch anything on the web for my job due to I never have any signal! I rely on my phone for work and  with this net10 I have lost out on multible job contracts. I will not suggest this service to anyone! My wife, son, and other people that i know that have this service are experienceing the same issues. My wife and I would like a refund on our phones.

This phone was advertised as Straight Talk compatible. THEY ARE NOT. It will attempt to get you to register with another provider I've never heard of and probably won't work in your area. If this phone was advertized as &#34;Straight Talk Wireless compatible&#34; don't believe it. Seemed like a great phone too, good delivery and true android phone, just not workable with other providers. The vendor did however provide me a prompt no questions asked refund.

I've had the phone since Feb the phone sucks!! It took me about a week to get the phone properly activated and when they did activate it after 24 hrs I would have a different number...It de-activated itself once on me...The service runs from Sprint towers and where I am Sprint sucks...My phone always over heats tells me to take battery out til it cools down...Freezes up on me about 10 times a day so I have to always take my battery out...Here recently my phone will shut off on me in a middle of a phone call then turn itself back on but lose my call!! This phone is not worth the money!! Do NOT buy it!! I'm getting a new phone in about a week hopefully its alot better than this p.o.s...Oh and customer service sucks when you call Net 10 customer seervice they transfer you to TracFone customer service and while transferring sometimes the customer service will pick up then hang up...But like I said I do not recommend at ALL!

its a good phone. you can use google play for getting all the apps. i really like it! it has pretty good speed for browsing.

This is my first smart phone.  I was impressed with call quality, voice texting, and google maps linking with the blue tooth in my car.  It does not have the music quality of an ipod. Its acceptable. I still use my Ipod in the car too. For what you get, I think it was money very well spent given what it costs and what a plan costs which if $50/month plus sales tax for the card each month.  I used sprint for years and find the no contract phone plans a better value.

"UPDATE" 2/6/12DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE OR BUY A TRACPHONE!After exactly one month they disconnected my phone and stated that I had a month to month plan and that I should have bought another card.In actuality, I enrolled on a monthly plan using my credit card. I just got done talking with 3 different people (all with very heavy Indian accents) and spent a total of 59 minutes getting a huge runaround.They said they would call me tomorrow to see if I was telling the truth, because they can't get into my account right now.They will call me tomorrow night, 24 hours from now and tell me what they have decided. In the meantime, I didn't have a cell today and will not have one tomorrow.BUY A NET10 PHONE AND YOU WILL BE SORRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!=================================================================================================I've had this cell for about 10 days and so far so good.I was nervous about the set up as I have had problems with Net10 support in the past (several years ago). I had bought a Motorola $16.00 per month phone and really loved it after initial problems. I had this plan for 2 years and had good reception everywhere I went. I don't use my cell much so 200 minutes per month were fine with me. In fact, by the time I was ready to purchase the Optimus Net I had accumulated over 600 minutes from carry over.I was unable to activate the Optimus on there Web site due to a glitch in their process and was directed to call their service number.There was 15 minutes of hold-time and then it took 5 minutes for the tech to place the order for activation. He did state that it would take up to 72 hours for my number to be transferred and the phone to be activated. My call was placed at night and the phone was working the next morning, so I was satisfied with that. In comparison, Verizon can switch cell numbers from one phone to the next immediately.As they say "you get what you pay for".In the last 10 days, I haven't had any deactivation problems. I just guessing, but I'm thinking that they are putting the brakes on people who are sucking up some bandwidth through deactivation. Like I said, just a thought.As for the phone. The 800 Mhz processor and 512 MB memory produce a fairly smooth experience. Web pages load reasonably fast and downloads are responsive. Web page browsing produces a small stutter effect and is not 100% smooth, but very good for a $99.00 Smart phone through Best Buy.The biggest problem for my has been the inability to find ANY accessories. I would love to find a cover or skin. They are non-existent!Net 10 is new at Smart phones and we are guinea pigs at the moment, but based upon my past experience I would have to say that I'm currently satisfied with the service I'm getting. Especially for $54.00/month for unlimited everything!For $99.00 bucks I say give it a try, but based upon the last few reviews you may want to get a new number.Hammer

It's hard to rate a purchase that you like, but can not use!It would be nice if it were clearly written in the description, warning you that Android phones use Spring towers and you should check availability with Sprint before purchasing. I thought I had done my research before making this purchase, however apparently I missed this little tidbit of information!I was so excited to upgrade to a touch screen Android phone, leaving my antiquated Motorola phone and Verizon contract behind! I love the phone, however have to drive 15 miles north of where I live to use it. There are not Sprint towers south of my home for many, many, many miles.So this wonderful phone is basically useless to me. I am looking at the LG 800G phone for the next closest thing to an Android.Oh well, live and learn.......

My one and only complaint about this phone is i didn't know I couldn't watch movies on it.  You can't find (I couldn't) a Flashplayer that's compatible with it. Everything else on this phone works and opertaes perfectly.  I'm hooked on ANDROID.  I'll have to upgrade to one that will allow me to watch movies on it.  I can do everything on youtube on this phone that I can do on my PC at home.  I love that.  Yes, it does freeze up on youtube but it does that at home too.  I watch movies on youtube to substitute for not being able to do it on hulu, netflix, etc.  I'm not supposed to be doing it at work anyway so why complain.  But I do love this phone.  The calls are clear everywhere except my bathroom.  The volume could be a little louder too but come on, isn't it the same on all devices?  Get this cool little powerhouse of a cell phone.  You won't be disappointed.  My brother pays $174.00 PER MONTH FOR SERVICE THAT I GET FROM net10 FOR $50.00 PER MONTH.  COME ON!!!UPDATE:Okay,so here's the deal after a few months of owning this phone...the screen is starting to black out during calls or when I'm trying to press the speakerphone, the calls are dropping at least once every other day, the battery that came with the phone has already had to be replaced, and it's time for me to upgrdade.  I still can't say that I'm disappointed in the phone.  It still performs well with a few problems but don't all phones have a few glitches and bugs to be worked out?  A little?

Fast, good pricing!  I love my new phone! 5 stars!  Thank you so much, it is better than my last one.

Not sure what you should expect at this price but this little device is wonderful!  Works great and for 45 bucks a month with unlimited everything how could I complain?  Still wondering why some spend 2 to 3 times that amount for Verizon?

as i said before this phones were for a gift out of the usa, and it is on his way back to me, but i dont think i will get it in time for the 10th, can i have a couple od days more to send it inn. please i will overnight it.

Great phone!  i wish the screen was bigger. I also wish that the phone had a camera on the front! :)

Its a good phone on amazons part but I want something that's not a track phone like T-Mobile or at least cricket.

I have have had this phone for 3 days and love it! When I called to transfer my # from Straight talk to Net 10 the CS rep told me it would take 3-7 days because of the holiday, but less than 4 hours later the phone was actvated and up and running. I have downloaded several apps.The phone has restarted only once and that is when I was on the web.This phone runs off the Sprint network so make sure that Sprint works where you live before you buy this phone.

As a first time cell phone user this is fairly easy to operate.  Wish the manual was a bit more in depth as some items are not covered and it is assumed you know where to find the info for operations.  Otherwise the phone is great for what I need, probably more functions than what I actually require most of the time.

It is only 'good', if you do NOT use the NET 10 provider:1/ we use wi-fi to connect the phone2/ we do NOT pay $50/month (that was the rate at time of purchase) for the phone usage3/ my child likes its sharp displays: uses for music, internet, and Google Apps

Is this a Lgl 45c phone?  Thanks. If it is I would purchase this again . Great phone I got mine wet and speaker doesn't work great now. I just need to know the model before I purchase this phone. Any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks

After 30 days of owning the phone it deactivated on me.  I got it activated again, but this problem happened everyday for 6 days straight.  I had to call customer service daily and talk to them for over 2 hours to get it activated again.  There customer service is horrible.  You get transfered about 3x and the line will drop after 20 min of talking to them.  The story changed as why it got deactivated.  I couldn't return it since it was past 30 days, and I received about 4 different numbers.  I am told I can't get my original number back either.  Do not buy this phone unless you are bored and like talking to customer service.
