
Got it turned it on plugged it into my Mac and it froze so I restarted it and now it's on a loop it shows the words Sony Ericsson and then Android then it goes back to Sony Ericsson and it dose that no matter how many times I restart it

It is a good phone. This the second we have purchased. It lacks adequate space to load some of the better games.Overall a fun phone for my teenage son.

It crashed for no reason good for 1 year though now i use a flip phone never geting a sony phone again

I bought this phone as &#34;NEW&#34; ... Was not a new phone ... If you want this phone buy it from another seller ... When I opened the box the phone was in a Sony Ericson box for a flip phone .. I love this phone and expected a NEW (not used or refurbished one) phone ...Now to the problem:#1 I love the phone but the problem is when I use it everything works except when on the internet .. It will connect and stay online for 10 seconds to a minute (longer it you don't try to navigate past the Home screen of the page your looking at) then the phone powers down and back up without warning ...#2 The screen blacks out if the outside temp. is over 75 degrees and without warning and to reset that you have to remove the battery for a secondOverall the phone was CRAP unless that's all you wanted it for was to place a call (like a home phone or cell from the 80's) SO I can not stress the FACT anymore .. Buy it from someone not selling you JUNK like these guys

It has cool games, and very cool android features . A little thick but reliable, ok battery , this is a good price for this it's worth it . Best phone ever !

Purchased this phone for my cousing overseas but it couldn't be used, so I had to return it, can't tell how it works...

tHIS IS THE BEST PHONE i HAVE PURCHASE THUS FAR...lOVE IT AND WOULDNT TRADE IT FOR ANY OTHER....iT IS a A+ FOR ME

i bought it to flash it over to Cricket. Everything still works on it except of course the verizon stuff. i mainly use it to play PS1 and SNES games

For the first week i loved the phone. had no issues or anything other than  it being stuck in roaming mode. i got the phone to play games and see how everything was over wifi before getting the phone turned on. but after having the phone for about 2 weeks, i have had it randomly crash on some of the apps that came on the phone. or completely stop responding. and just a few hours ago i unplugged it from charging and every 10 seconds (while the screen was off) the phone would light up for 3 seconds then go off.. it kept doing it. which would frustrate people who want the battery to stay alive while at work. so i turned the phone off and back on and that issue is gone. the battery life is really good compared to other androids. but honestly i have played for probably 5-7 hours on and off through out a day and it was still at 38 percent. i just kept the screen brightness down. so really i love the phone but it has some glitches. could be the android 2.4.2 which i haven't updated yet because it wont update while roaming even though it is only roaming i believe because i haven't had it connected to verizon yet. but remember this is my experience. if i update the phone im sure the glitches will go away or be less of them.

I purchased this phone for my teenage son who selected this phone due to the gaming keypad. He loves the phone! Only issue is that the case he bought doesn't allow for use of one of the side buttons so he is not using a protective case. The phone was a good value on Amazon and I'd recommend the phone and this seller.

I got this phone as an addition to my verizon plan and have not had anything but problems with it from the beginning.  It freezes, sends messages multiple times, calls won't go through, has to be reset almost on a daily basis.  Thought maybe it was just that particular phone, NOPE it wasn't.  Finally got verizon to replace it with the same phone and surprise but here we are two weeks later and it's crapped out again.The sad part is I know someone else who had it and had the same issues.This has to be the worst phone I have ever seen.I would not recommend this phone to someone I hated.Do not get this phone if you actually want to make phone calls or texts.

Purchased the phone in with in a few days it died completely called customer service as it was supposedly under warranty they said they were sending a new battery and charger in the meantime we got it to come back on.  The package arrived with just a charger.  The phone works a couple days and then dies again taking out the battery doesn't work after it sits unused for a few days it will come back on only to die again!  Purchased a different phone from a different seller would not use this seller again.

The phone itself compared to any other for the purpose of reception, sound, and phone storage is not that good.For games pretty good.  Unfortunately most games involve touch screen operation so the control itself is redundant at times.I haven't really spent much time looking for games that work with the slide-out pad, as i got the phone for my kids to play with.All in all this phone is a novelty and was only made by apple and verizon for a few years because of it probably.Kinda' cool though.  You can most likely find this phone used for 40-50 bucks where a psvita or 3ds will run you 125-150 used and have a much faster wi-fi and internet process speed, larger and clearer display.  I don't know do the math.

I can't comment on this as a phone, as I don't have Verizon service. I bought it solely as a portable gaming device, for emulators specifically. Google the Nesoid family of emulators (Gameboid, N64oid etc.) or go to XDA Forum's Xperia Play page, and you will not be disappointed with the potential this has a retro gaming device.

I understand that this is a used product but this phone will occasionally black out and you have to remove the battery to get it back on. It's very annoying and can miss a lot of calls because you can't see or answer it.

After two days the screen was messing up and things went bad from there by a week the screen didnt work and the phone wouldn't turn on

Would have been better if it was new the battery kept dying to soon and I never used the apps on it other than my personal apps

Buen dia el articulo no me sirvio por que e telefono es CDMA y ya no lo homologan en venezuela, no me di cuenta. De todos formas muchas gracias.

Packaging was not what it described. Phone was not new and charger did not belong to device. The usb charge cable did not belong to the device wall charger.That should say it all. Highly would never recommend at all. And Amazon if these are the types of sellers you support I will stop shopping at Amazon.

I got this for my son's birthday and he absolutely loves it!! It came earlier than I expected so I let him have it as an early birthday gift. It's a really neat phone/gaming system and even though its a couple of years old as far as the launching, it fits his needs as far as all of the specs.

i love it , great for gamers, works well with emulators and verizon still offers the service. just make sure to buy new

Nice phone Sony delivers. I gave it 4 stars because it's a great working phone on Verizon's 3g service, but couldn't help but notice the internal memory is very low. There is little room to download your favorite apps and games.

I got one of these just for $#!*$ & giggles, not too shabby!Sony xperia build quality impresses. The phone is not as largeas it looks on one of the original ads (girl must have had atiny hand lol ) the slide mechanism is a little slippery butsolid.As a game device, it's a bit underpowered, but this doesn'tseem to slow it down! Played all games i tried perfectly!Have yet to try it as a phone, wifi only so far.Gingerbread kinda stale by now but, NO ICS for the play.Sony cites instability issues that would compromise thePlay's core strength, GAMING.Custom roms around thought (rooted only, I did root only)The ergonomics of the phone are pretty good too.The slideout PS controller works great, even the "Digilogs"?and the device as a whole doesn't feel to clunky in the hand.Only cons are the slippery slideout hinge and the overallGlossiness, which makes it a fingerprint magnet for usgreasballs...lol also wish the white was available toUSA carriers.Edit: UPDATEHaving had the phone for a bit longer I can say that in the openposition the phone is somewhat uncomfortable to hold for longperiods. I have average hands (large) slender and the slide outcontroller feels...to thin, and a bit smallish, leading to handfatigue fairly quick. The L & R shoulder buttons are difficult tomaintain your fingers at, while the touchpads feel to closetogether.Also the power/standby button is pathetically small, a smallsliver really. Sure you can use the menu buttons to wake thephone but eventually you need to use the power/standby buttonand it's tiny...But the phone really is a fun devise even just for gaming.Plus not being massive makes it a decent handset as well.

My only advice when looking for apps is to use a google search and use the term "apk"makes tracking down the Emulators much easierLove this phone on my second one after an encounter ocean water fried the first one

I tried activating it with Verizon but they wouldn't allow it. They didn't give me much information so I simply asked for a refund from the seller which they promptly provided without any hassle. I think I could have used it on another service but I wasn't interested in that.

I bought this phone &#34;new&#34; from them & it shipped to my house in an opened box. After I started the phone up, I found that the touch screen had been horribly misaligned, rendering the phone virtually useless. They should have told me the phone was &#34;refurbished&#34; (badly, at that) before sending me a defective product. It's a great phone, but I would recommend finding a different seller.

The phone comes with four pre-installed games that you cannot remove. There is not enough space to support these useless games and the apps that I would actually use. My opinion would be much higher if sony would give me the option to uninstall them.

Sony's android build can get kinda finicky and its certainly aged. However, if you want a portable emulator console. You cant beat this price.

My grandson was constantly using my phone to play games. As of today he hasn't asked for my phone. He loves it.

Verizon no longer sells these and we needed to replace one that was damaged in a mud puddle. First time we didn't have the optional insurance and no upgrade available. So, even though the phone is on its way still, we are very happy. The new price even beat what Verizon was selling used ones for before they ran out.

works perfectly and it's just what he wanted for his Christmas present, so it's what I got him!!....Thank you much.

Great phone for gaming and it has loud speakers. I would definitely recommend it. Can be activated on Pageplus which is definitely a plus.

cheap,a brand new cellphone ,fast shipping  i got  because im a gamer and want  something small and light weight smartphone/ps on the go

he product arrived in perfect condition, but to my frustration came with the CDMA technology that is not used in Brazil, this only works with GSM cellular technology. The mobile this useless, to make matters worse I was taxed in Brazil on 60% of what made the expensive product. The suggestion I make is for the amazon review is a way for your clients are not taxed, sending its products with a lower value in their notes.

This is an awesome phone, I bought it cause its a play station device and that it has android system. Its still pretty limited on the play station games but hopefully it will get more attention.

It was used, scratched, in a different box, USB was missing, original papers missing, would Never use amazon ever again, that's my personal experience buying something for $100.00 off a site I never use, you guys need to make sure people aren't lying about what they're selling, Ebay ForTheWin!

this is a pretty awesome phone but it does take a bit of tinkering to really get it to where you like. The r800x now has  official Sony support for unlocking bootloader for android development

i got this phone and it worked for the first 3 days but it had a few errors that slowly got worse for example it used to be that everyone once in a while it wouldnt turn on correctly it would freeze on the oppening screen and i would have to take the battery out and try again now it has to be plugged in to turn on. same with the touch screen every once in a while it would freeze and its slowly got worse now its completly unresponsive. im going to see if they will exchange it but i have most likely waited to long. however it is a really nice phone. :)

As with some of the reviews I read on here..the screen is a bit dark and can't hardly see it in daylight.The phone's finish is so slippery, that it almost feels like..you're trying to hold onto a bar of soap, lol.All of the games have a good feel. Like playing a PSP!It froze two times on me and of course reseted the thing twice..did not like that.Good gaming/phone/device thing. I like it!

My son really wanted this phone. It came a day sooner than expected and has performed well, my son really likes it!

The phone is great my husband loves it works great PSP works great best phone works great best buy ever

My only gripe is that the phone didn't come in original packaging, otherwise I love my new expira play phone!

While I did have to purchase another Xperia from another site, I can say that the product is a nice compliment to the idea of having a portable gaming device.

Are you sell me a bad cellphone, I can't use in Costa Rica and the specifications, this cellphone can use the sim card and it is block

I really liked it but I wish it was a 4G phone. If you like gameing this might be the phone for you,  that is if you don't mind 3G only.

very good phone . wish it was a bit brighter . very good phone for gamer .would recommend .

The phone has no memory and has to be reset often which means all of your apps have to be re-loaded as well.  It is not worth any money what so ever.

Ive had this phone in the past. decided its just right for me. and when im out with my kids and their kindle fires are left at home it keeps them happy as well...

Crashes constantly, cannot upload videos to Instagram, camera is at best a 4/10. Save your money and avoid this phone at all cost.

this phone is alot of fun even if you are not a gamer.  Love it!  Everyone wants to &#34;borrow&#34; it

A purchase I will never regret. I can pull out a full gaming system on the bus, train, or waiting room. GET THIS PHONE YOU WON'T REGRET IT

esta excelente. el celular esta casi nuevo  y  todas las aplicaciones sirven a la perfeccion le agradesco mucho .... fue un placer hacer el negocio

I bought this phone for the game element only. After receiving it I got it set up in under an hour using wi-fi only. Also the camera and video is a plus. Something my psp could never do. You can also browse the internet faster and use android apps. The phone also came with it's own screen protector. Thank you soo much.

I haven't been able to use this device because its been asking me to dial a number for activation, however, it hasn't given me the number to call. I am going to have to order a different type of phone for me to use

We got this phone to replace the original Xperia Play we had and dropped, thus cracking the screen.  This phone shuts off whenever it wants to, alarm only works when it decides it wants, and it sometimes goes black and vibrates on it's own.  I cannot recommend this phone as a phone, only as a portable game system with very limited games.

Product arrived promptly. Worked wonderfully for about two weeks, then went black. Verizon said it was fried. Sad really, I liked this phone. :-(

I 1st when I opened the box asaw the open I was woried about it but now that im playing it ! I love it!

Did not like

im an university student that needed a new phone something different and innovative away from the tiring Iphone and I stumlbled across the play...im so impressed this phone got me reading, emailing, web surfing, i forgot my tablet and psp nevertheless it is a phone that is meant to be played on the buttons work great on xperai play games...this phone also matches my character so its a plus...i got my phone from here they are cool it came with an 8gb memory stick...my phone was new and in perfect condition...the first day i dropped my phone and got really mad becuase it got some scratches...i was mad all day, later i found out that these guys also put a screen protector on it...so in reality itwas the protector that had gotten scratch...so its a awesome phone i havent got any problems on mine, it truly entertains you in the most boredest of times

It didn't work , I just ordered a new battery through you , I hope this should do it,thank you

I love it l!! Runs games really well !!! I would recommend buying ! Best cross over gaming phone in existence

Was ok at time of shipment.  But the phone has stopped working after just a few months of daily use.

This is a unique phone that my husband loves, he cannot put it down , but our kids love it too because of the way it is made. Very good quality and great price.

I bought this not to use it as a phone, but strictly for game emulation. Using legally obtained ROMs and a number of pieces of emulation software, this thing is a powerhouse for reliving some of gaming's greatest moments. It may not run Jelly Bean, but Android 2.3 was totally serviceable, and lots of apps on the Google Play store work on it still. My only criticism is I wish the screen was brighter. That's it though.Money well spent!

I get it is a used phone but if it is used phone but don't say it is "gently used no scratches" when its not. On my Xperia play the USB port was damaged with a crack the same side and the software is messed up.
