
Oct 23, 2013 WAIT before you read my original review I have new data. I was unable to lock onto an LTE signal using this phone. I went to the T-Mobile store and they said that is correct, that unlocked phones usually won't work on T-Mobile's LTE network. I then contacted the vendor Extra Virgin Tech and they sent email back confirming the weakness. I'm checking now to see if I can return the phone.I have read, for those brave enough to delve into this world, that you can "jailbreak" the phone and correct this issue. While I am tech savvy and feel I could pull this off I'm not willing to do so because I'm simply evaluating the T-Mobile coverage and am not sure if I will continue down this path.Original Reivew...We are in the process of converting over from Verizon where we've been using simple feature phones for a few years. T-Mobile offers cheaper plans and we are converting to smartphones. This Skyrocket purchase is part of that conversion.I received my Skyrocket from Extra Virgin Tech the next day as promised by the Amazon Prime next day service. It was packaged like new and proved to be brand new when I opened and examined the contents of the box.This phone is labeled AT&T; at the top but was supposed to be unlocked as I want to use it on T-Mobile. I took it to the local T-Mobile store for them to help me switch my service from a Nokia Lumia 521 running Windows Phone 8 (more on that later) to the Skyrocket. I had to buy a new SIM card because the Nokia has a microSIM while the Skyrocket has a regular (full sized?) SIM. Unfortunately after the store tech switched my account we discovered the phone was locked.I emailed Extra Virgin Tech for an unlock code and, after waiting for the weekend to pass, they sent me a code which worked. I'm now able to use the phone on T-Mobile and have both sent and received test calls. I have also been able to use the T-Mobile 4G service to use the internet.This is a lot of phone for the money.Weighing 4.66 oz. it is only 1/2 oz. heavier than the iPhone 5S which only has a 4" screen. I notice the extra weight in my pocket because I've been carrying an iPod Touch 5th gen in that pocket for about a year and it weighs only 3.04 oz. I'll get used to it. At least I will only have to carry the Skyrocket now rather than a feature phone and the iPod Touch.The Skyrocket is beautiful with a great AMOLED display, although it is lower resolution than many newer phones. For some reason, perhaps it is AMOLED technology, the display won't turn down as low in brightness as I'd like.The volume out of the rear speaker is loud enough but distorts at max volume. I found I could get more volume out of the phone by going into the equalizer and turning up all frequency bands.The camera works great although there is quite a shutter button lag. I swear it must be about 1 second from button push to capture. The LED flash is very bright. I haven't done a full evaluation on the camera quality yet.Buttons:The power button is located on the upper right side and the volume rocker is located across from the power button on the left side. I find this not to be ideal. When I want to use either button it is too easy to push the button on the opposite side. If I'm holding the phone in my left hand and trying to change the volume it is too easy to turn the Skyrocket off for example.I do like the four touch sensitive buttons below the screen. Some like a physical button but I like the touch sensitive button as I think it will be more reliable over time. I've had, as others have had, problems with the start button on my iPod Touch devices.The phone has a user replaceable battery, the only way I'll buy a smartphone. This proves to be important because one of the biggest weaknesses of the phone is it tends to burn through the battery quick enough that I think it may be challenging to get through a whole day. I am a heavy user but don't make too many phone calls. It's mostly internet usage over the WiFi at home. Just today I left home with the phone 100% charged and one hour later, with no usage, the battery had dropped to 88% - and I had the WiFi turned off at the time.As I said we have been using feature phones and iPod Touch iOS devices for a few years. So we have quite a bit of experience with iOS. There are things I like about Apples operating system but the lack of user customization really irked me. I would recommend an iPod Touch, iPad, or iPhone to someone who isn't too tech savvy, like my sister. Someone who is more tech savvy though could be frustrated as I was with iOS. iOS 7 was a huge disappointment to me with the new "flat" design. It was time to move away from Apple.I found T-Mobile has some very interesting plans. For the exact same Verizon $90/month we've been spending for three feature phones with no data, we can now have phone/text/internet service for three smartphones. T-Mobile's cell coverage has been weak but that has changed in 2013. It still doesn't have the coverage of Verizon or AT&T; but it may just work for us.I first purchased the Nokia Lumia 521 from WalMart for $99 to try out the T-Mobile service. It has Windows Phone 8 which I liked, and I liked the phone too. It took only a few minutes to figure out the Windows Phone 8 user interface. I figured out 100% of the phone in about two hours. Unfortunately Windows Phone 8 isn't ready for prime time. Give me a break the brightness can only be set to LOW-MEDIUM-HIGH with no slider. Also there is a single volume control for all functions (radio/mp3/alarms/ringer/etc.) But the killer was there were two or three critical apps that are not available on Windows Phone 8 so I had to make the jump to Android.Android WOW!I'm blown away by the user customization of the Skyrocket/Android. I've spent many hours with it and I think I've discovered only about 70% of what it can do.A big issue for me is how easy it is to control the screen brightness. First keeping it low saves battery power but of course I have to make it brighter when using it outside and I like to turn it all the way down when I use it in bed at night. I found an option Settings->Status Bar->Brightness Control that lets you change the brightness by sliding your finger across the Status Bar. For me this is great.I spent quite a bit of time duplicating the way icons and folders were set up on my iPod Touch. This may or may not be ideal but it is the easiest way for me to transition from iOS to Android. I was mostly able to pull this duplication off. The difference is the apps, from the same organization, don't work the same way on iOS and Android. For example the USA Today news app is quite different on the two platforms while it could be identical. I think the iOS version is better. I don't understand why there would be differences.As I've only had the Skyrocket for 4 days now I will have more to add after I've had it for a while and will report back here.

Mobile deals is great at rendering out their support and service, especially even after sales service.After i have purchase the samsung galaxy phone, i am taking my own risk to upgrade the OS of my phone from Android ginger bread 2.3.6 to Ice cream sandwich 4.0, but worried about this unlocked  version will become lock again, however the seller provided me with the unlock code just in case it is locked again... big thumbs up!

I dont think this is completely unlock. because I have to try 2 different companies to make it work. and still its not  working properly, sometimes when im in the phone the other personcant hear me or turn off by itself or gets to hot

Exelente trabajo, pese a ser alguien desconocido, cumplio con la puntualidad establecida en la comprar, llego en perfexto estado, sigue asi!!

Seller is not describing this item correctly, most of the specifications listed are for Galaxy SII Skyrocket which is SGH-I727 but if you pay attention to model it is listed as SGH-I777 which is what you will get if you order it from this seller. Check out Samsung website to verify which SGH model is actually Skyrocket and which device operates at 1.5GHz or 1.2GHz.

Love it. My first Android, and it's a keeper. At first I worried about the size being too big but now given the nice screen the size is very manageable and comfortable. Today my Otter case arrived, fits nice but does make the phone bulkier. H&P Electronics shipped fast and unlocked as advertised. Had problem getting WI-FI to work so had to call Samsung who said it happens sometimes advised to do a factory reset. Did that and problem is fixed. I've had other samsung phones and they do a nice job. The preloaded AT&T apps have to get deleted but that's the only down side for me. Great phone think my son already has his eye on this one.

First I must comment that the battery does not keep charge....the charger does not work and the phone was used!!! I'm so upset about NY purchase.

I got a unopened new product as it said on time. It is also S2 i727 with LTE, not i777.I like it so far.

I bought this phone used in great condition but a slight scratch. now it takes forever to charge and discharges when running to much. this phone is great just don't know what happened. no warranty to fix the problem either.

I've had this phone for over a year and its one of the best that I've owned. Its speed can be compared to the S3 for normal operation. I've had a few hiccups when running more than 5 apps but I was also playing "Need For Speed" which uses a lot of memory. I was thinking about getting an S3 but this phone seems to do the job well. It does tend to get a little hot at times but it does not seem to affect function. All in all I love the phone. I've dropped it a few times. Light impact and it still works great.Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket 4G Android Unlocked Cell Phone (Black) GSM BANDS 1,2,5&6

i am very pleased with this product, the attention of the seller was excellent, all emails that I sent were answered. the phone works great, I have only one complaint, I think the charger and the headphones are not the original but equally work perfectly. the phones have all the things that i need. i completly recomended this product and this seller

I bought it a week ago and so far so good.Since I changed the OS to Kit Kat (unofficial) by means of this ROM: [...]The only thing I notice is an abnormal battery drain, but I estimate to be the unofficial ROM.Overall this phone filled my expectations and I am happy to have purchased.

acabo de adquirir este telefono y es grandioso. lo recomiendo. me lo enviaron rapidamente y esta funcionando muy bien. es excelente telefono y el servicio tambien

Good Phone as described in the page, arrived just in time. Perfect unlocked phone with big touch screen an powerful processor, very fast response.

This item is used but sold as new. Can't use sspeaker and battery life is terrible.  Please be more upfront in the future.

Great screen great camera very fast.  The color and image quality on the screen is amazing, the camera quality is fantastic and the phone is super fast.

this is my first smartphone, and it is awesome!! Its working perfect where i live, its a really fast phone. the camera is incredible, it take really good pics. it is really easy to use. its very light, and thin, and has the perfect size of screen for a phone. it doesnt get slow even when i am using a lot of apps. for being a phone that was launched more about one year and a half ago, has very nice features, and it has nothing to envy to many phones that came out recently.i recomend this phone to every person. everybody would enoy it.

So far, this has been a good phone, and works with my SIM card.  It comes with CyanogenMod installed over Android.  That wasn't mentioned in the product ad, and I think it should have been.  I have had some experience with CyanogenMod in the past, and I'm happy with it, but others may not be.  That's why I think it should be mentioned in the advertising.  It wouldn't have been a deal breaker for me, though.  One issue I have with it is, Bluetooth doesn't have the option to auto answer the phone when active.  You still have to manually acknowledge an incoming call, which almost defeats the purpose of hands free operation.  The Android system does have that feature, but apparently CyanogenMod has either eliminated it or hidden it.  I can't find it.The battery life is about what I expected for this type of phone.  Depending on usage, I have to charge it every day.  I did buy a spare battery (Anker 2200Ah Li-on), and would highly recommend any purchaser of any type of smart phone to do the same.

nice phone I do have HTC evo design and I just try to compare I think Samsung is faster but not by much

I bought this cellphone because it seemed to be great, but unfortunately i could never ever use it, since it never turn on!!I charged the battery, inserted the sim, but the phone would remain blank. I called a friend to see if it was me, but he also couldn't turn it on. Definitely it came wrong from factory.My personal opinion, i cannot recommend you this phone, search another one from a serious company.

Great phone except my GPS doesn't work. Don't want to hassle with a return. Next phone would probably be screwed up too.

I absolutely love this smart phone! Bought an iPhone 4S and ended up returning it.  The Android OS is way better than iOS, amazing apps! The phone quality is, too.  The only weakness in the box is the manual.  A blurry copy in small print, not helpful in anyway for a user standpoint.  But as far as the phone goes, I am glad I made the right choice.

Be careful of this phone - after only a few weeks of use the charging port is already having problems. I need to bend the USB cable just right for it to charge - extremely disappointed.

The phone was delivered on time and it's everything I expected. The phone has a great camera. The only thing I dislike about the phone is the difficulty to find cases for it in store. I had to order them online and won't receive them for several more days.

The first day I started using the phone the mic started acting up, the party on the other end unable to hear me. It works on and off. That's a great disappointment. I'll have to return it.

I bought a Samsung Galaxy SII Skyrocket NEW and sent me a Samsun Galaxy SII I9100 USED to photos of people who had recorded in memory.

this sansung galaxy sII. Page was saying it was unlocked, like new, used in good condition but it is not: really when I got the phone was locked the box did not have any kind of protection. The phone turns off by itself and when it falls off vibrating until the batteries are depleted. actually this does not work I cheated stole my money.

Greetings from venezuela, excelente producto, fue enviado correctamente, en buen estado y el equipo funciona perfectamentep.d: esperaba que viniera con audifonos

This cell phone didnt work with me, is doesnt work at all, the phone arrived damage, i have no idea what the problem is.

The battery only could be charged the 1st time. Then it did not work anymore. Sad, because it's an amazing phone.

This is not an unlocked phone. It is just a regular ATT phone. I was unable to tether my tablet on to the phone's mobile hot spot because it would not turn on. A message on the phone said to contact ATT or dial 611.

This is the best phone I have ever had. It may me a dual core but this thing is fast. This phone excels on 4gLTE. Its screen is big enough to give you rich detail on apps but not so big that it keeps falling out of your hand. The led flash can brighten up the darkest room

thanks for leaving my comment but I do a little incomido because my package with two phones and never received kits and buy some chip and screen saver and then I get if I do not know what happened

This review is strictly for the product.  Amazon & the seller were very prompt in delivery and refund.Had the phone for 5 days and it wouldn't charge.  Bought a brand new battery and after only 2 days with a new battery the phone wouldn't come on at all.  Apparently the Skyrocket was built with faulty software.

I feel good with this phone. It works so good. It is really unlocked, really faster when runs the apps, the original OS is good (android 4.0.1). I had only one problem. The problem is that the headset was not include in the box of the phone, so I informed to amazon about this issue and they give me a kindly refund for this mistake. It's great because then I can buy the genuine ones.

I like the weight is light and work properly, and still working excellent. This product is helpful like I said works great

The cellphone was like new, i give it a 10 of 10, no scratches, all works properly, so i cant complain

Good day, I have received from you one samsung I727 with keyboard problems, the letter i does not work, I think that if they sell something as new must be new, I need to provide a solution because I have months buying samsung phones and is the first once this happens to me.regards

I bought this phone for the main reason to use "mobile hotspot" unfortantly it does not work, but every other features works perfect

I like this phone very much I had a Samsung Exibhit 2 before thats why you can see that I like it a lot... bigger screen and fast. I had no problems with it yet but i'm hoping I wont have any... they delivered it on time. Overall I'm very happy with the phone for this price. Excelente Telefono me gusta mucho.

Has some trouble running on a t-mobile network... It is an AT&T unlocked phone! Nice size screen and slim design

I sadly bought two of these phones in December 2012.  This is my  first ever review of any product from amazon and I've been using this site for over 5 years now.  The phone started with charging problems from the time I started using it.  At present, not only would the phone not hold a charge (after even replacing battery), it does not even turn on.  I had previously contacted the seller because they sent me the wrong charger.  BUYER BEWARE....They don't even send samsung chargers with this phone.  After a while, you will see a green robotic sign appear stating the phone is rebooting.  Then the phone just dies.  I don't know if it is because it is an unlocked phone and it had been tampered with that is causing all these problems.  I paid $767.50 for both phones and now , just months later, they are worth CRAP. I also tried calling samsung to repair the phones.  They told me that my warranty expired just 3 months after purchasing the phone.

it is ok very good condition and the best every thing works I am talking about the software the internet it works whit all the conexion to wifi the playstore is very good I like it

i got this phone about 6 months now and i have not had a problem with the phone it works well with my carrier as i am in the Caribbean never one day has it given me any issues.

i order the phone on July 9 and as expected within 3 days and was sent quickly and in perfect condition The phone is the same as the description, any doubts were resolved instantly and effectively and helpfully, the phone is in perfect condition as to how I expected! It is certainly a seller of high trust! No doubt if you need something else not hesitate to buy from this seller!

I'm very pleased with my Skyrocket. I did quite a bit of research before purchasing this phone. Processors, Ram, etc. Though recently I've had a couple of bad purchases through third parties,  this one is an excellent choice. Was exactly what the seller described. No problems or complaints here. Very happy with my phone.

I purchased a new phone and the phone was new and in original package.  Phone is what I expected.  Very satisfied.

Good phone,Everything works great, except for the ability to give internet to another device. I assume it is related to the unlocked made.

Bought the phone to use with straight talk.  Unfortunately, can't get the sim card from them now, although there website says you can.  Loved the phone. Not thrilled with straight talk. But what do you expect from Verizon.Bought from Phone Max.  Easily returned.Thanks Phone Max

I got this phone today. Did nothing with it except put in my SIM card and install Go Launcher EX. Now the phone spontaneously restarts itself every 5 minutes, especially while editing my apps.

i've had my skyrocket for quite some time now and every time someone calls me, they say that their voice is echoing in the background... i cant hear it doing that, but i've called myself just to see whats going on, and it absolutely does it... it seems like just about everyone i know that has this phone claims the same problem.

Purchased this phone before leaving the US for use in India, and I must say that I am very satisfied by the overall transaction. The product met all the expectations and arrived a day before the given date. I would certainly recommend this product to others as well as the seller.

I got the phone. But the battery life is horrible. I ordered a new battery. And still the same thing.it goes to half a bar in two hours. So now im using my old phone

It's not good for Tmobile user because it does not have some band that tmobile runs on. It works on tmobile but data reception in very poor other than the areas where LTE availble. I returned it beacuse I was tmobile user and didn't have LTE reception at home.

OK so iwanted IPhone 4s was to high n this 1 cheaper n bigger so bought it he real reason I wanted iPhone was the assistant. So I downloy vlingo and speak it assistant ( what does not do the other does) never have to look @ my phone to read email r text message. When ever I get a text my assistant automatically reads it out loud n ask if I want to respond sorry iphone u have some serious competition this phone is the Mega bomb oh yeah another favorite feature is the reject with message it tell me who. Is calling so I can answer r justflip it over n it ignores it n my fav of all blacklist n block if u don't want to b bothered ever add em to the list it automatically rejects. Their call.  U never hear the phone ring when they call sweet still playing with it

I had a very good experience,my skyrocket came on fifth day,phone looked flawless,worls flawless,i would absolutely recommend us wireless  as a good source,thank you us wireless,Ellis

Beautiful phone!  Is in perfect condition. It came when it was supposed to.  I would definitely recommend this seller and will buy from them again.  I have the Samsung Galaxy S II by Sprint and it is the same size phone but they are different.  The camera is in the same position on the back but the speaker is on the opposite side so when ordering a case for the Att phone you have to pay attention to this.  This is the Skyrocket and it is different then other Galaxy SII's.  It is a fantastic phone and I am glad I purchased it.

A marvelThe team I have had for 15 days and it really is a wonder! I'm in Venezuela and I have data plan with Movilnet and while still in my state does not lift the 4G, 3G connection literally flies. I can not qualify with 5 stars in functionality while charging the battery has a long life and the music player is a bit annoying to use because you have to put song by song but I attribute that to my inexperience in the world of smartphones. Furthermore actually clarified SGH I727 is the case even when it is specified I777. I really really recommend buying this computer because vendedpr eyes closed is very responsible and worthwhile experience in android

the phone it self was excellent, but when i try to charge it, it wouldn't. i tried how many times, and it still wouldnt charge.

I ordered this to replace an Iphone 4.  I like this phone wayyyyy better than the Iphone.  It's a little more than the cheaper androids on the market but it is a rock solid phone.. It's fast, never crashes on me.. It's great.

The phone is designed well - The screen is a good size, it can run all the apps I use - which is quite a few and some of them require serious processing, and it's LTE capability doesn't disappoint. For a phone several years old it's awesome. Battery life is poor, though, so I had to purchase spare batteries.

The item came with a defect, the skin was cracked at the top of the phone , it was a disappointment because I was looking forward to receive this phone.

Great phone. It works with Simple Mobil sim card pre paid and Tmobile. Great for taking abroad. This is an international phone. Great , but not least, the sellers are prompt ,and patient as to answering questions and helping you set your phone. Thanks for your prompt assistance.

Amazing phone. Absolutely loved it!Very good interface with gmail accounts when you setup this phone. Overall i would recommend this phone.

It's really unlocked, looks nice and works good, just as expected, bought it to bring it to Latin America and haven't found anything bad with it.

I like this phone, but there is two problems with these android phones, battery life is short and the memory is never enough to hold all the apps made on the phone plus any additional downloads I want to add.

tremendo telefono, mi hija esta fascinada con el tiene un procesador rapido y una capacidad como nola he visto en otro

While the Galaxy SII Slkyrocket has been replaced by the S3 and S4, the old Skyrocket is still a great phone.  It can be upgraded to the Jelly Bean operating system, which modernized the interface quite a bit.

my daughter didn't have any complaints, that's good enough for me... I did notice that this phone takes great pictures

We ordered 2 phones. One we love, the other not so much. The Android version of the 2 phones is different and we can't get it to update. That alone makes a huge difference in performance and battery life of the 2. Averaging the two phones I give it a 4.

this phone sucked, it stopped working it didn't want to charge it goes off by itself, all errors you can imagine are in it, but Five STARZ for the seller for taking it back, refunding me in full and being so nice about it! I will definitely buy aagain from them but not this phone

The speed of Skyrocket is very much visible.The screen is big enough to see videos and games. No time you will feel that the hardware of the Phone is letting you down.And special thanks to SurgeTelecom from where I bought the product, they delivered the product before time (for free).superb seller, I would recommend the seller to all the guys who want to buy online from Amazon.

This phone is everything I could want in a smartphone.  It's very fast, sharp, apps are great, price was right and the Walmart $45 dollar a month for unlimited talking, texting and internet is amazing. Plus you can easily transfer apps to a 32 GB  micro SD card.

It doesn't work for T-Mobile 4G network.  After realizing that, I asked refund it.  But, I had the box and manual because I threw it away.  I just wrapped it with bubble. They gave me full amount back. Thank you for that. However, they should have given the more detailed description that T-mobile users might not purchas it.

Good phone but didn't work well.

After reading all the hype about the S3 that just came out, I wasn't sure if I would be happy with a "lesser" model. Plus I have been lusting over the huge screen on the Galaxy Note, and wondering whether to buy one of those. I am happy to say that I cannot imagine being happier with either of those two phones. This phone is amazing - it's fast, it has a wonderful display, and the voice recognition software is excellent. The seller did a great job of shipping the phone and the phone arrived exactly as advertised.The only problem I had was with AT&T.; I live & work in Egypt and came home for the summer. So I went to AT&T; with an older phone (the S2 had not yet arrived) and asked for a SIM card and whatever plan they could give me to keep me connected for the next two months. They hooked me up with GoPhone and said I could add the data plan when my new phone arrived. When I got the S2 I put in the SIM card and called AT&T; to add a data plan. After about 12 hours I still couldn't connect, so I called AT&T; - they said that since this is a 4G phone they had no 4G data plan through GoPhone. So I went to the local AT&T; store, where it took an hour to get hooked up with a regular account and not lose the money I had already spent. I finally learned that I could have gone to several other pay-as-you-go carriers for about half the price. Needless to say, when the summer is over I will not be interested in working with AT&T; again.The only other complaint is the crapware AT&T; adds to the phone - I'll have to do some research to see how to get rid of it; they don't offer an uninstall feature for most of it.Bottom line is this phone is everything I hoped it would be and more - I recommend it highly. Samsung, great job. AT&T; - you seriously need to get your act together.

The phone has problems with the wifi antenna does not work, and the charging connector takes no cargo, equipment battery is discharged very quickly.

LOVEEEE this telephone, i had never have problems with it, really the price is nothing for this telephone i recommend it!

The item is exactly as described. I live in South Africa and use the unlocked phone here and works perfectly. Unpaid shipment took a while, but phone arrived;) Love the phone and would use this company again for purchases.

The product arrived with damaged usb port never carried the charger and usb cable very bad salesman. I had to pay extra for a service technician that I could solvertar the problems, buy a universal charger and so solve my problem

The item looked good but would not stay connected to my wireless network. I have an unlocked S3 and had no trouble, so I thought this would be suitable and it was cheaper. I use Net10 as a carrier and I would have to restart the phone several times a day to make a call because it would disconnect from my network. Also, I was never able to send or receive picture texts. My carrier chaecked and everything was setup correctly, but it never would work. The phone also had to be charged several times a day. I would not use the phone all day and it would run the battery down several times a day. The vendor was very understanding and offered an exchnage, but the phone was for my mother and she decided to not try another smartphone and go back to her flip phone so I was issued a full refund, no probelm. Vendor rocked, product, not so much.

The headline of this review is not the full story. The phone I first purchased malfunctioned. I followed the warranty requirements and the manufacturer was quick to respond. The end result was: they replaced that phone with another that actually was fitted to my mobile plan and I am enjoying that one totally! I would highly recommend them.Jerry OrsteadArvada CO USA

phone screen was burnt, printed and had a permanent image. the seller is not a serious person and not recommended.

This cellphone is awesome, arrived in good conditions and works very very well. No complaints about it. Everything ok. Buy without doubts

&#34;Phone looked great out of box.phone display had a strange feel to it alittle drag when swiping screen, screen didtn feel like glass, two days later a bubble developed in the middle of screen.and phone would shut off when camera flash was used ever so often. this is the second s2 purchased and it is my last, looks looks like there are only refurbished units and they are beening sold as new&#34;

No issues yet!! Phone is working very well till now with no single issue as such. Great phone at great price!

Well I have had this phone for a few months now and I'm not really impressed. I payed almost 250 for this phone and so far it's not working out. When I take pictures it turns off. The battery dies in 4 hours when I'm not using it at all. And not it keeps turning off when ever it feels like it. So would I recommend this buyer..... not so much, I guess all I could say is do your research before you spend as much as I did for something that doesn't always work.

WARNING. If you are thinking of buying one of these phones and the description says it runs Android 2.3.5, run away!The phone I purchased worked fine for phone calls, but the data did not work reliably with T-Mobile.1. I worked with T-Mobile and confirmed that all settings were correct for data. The data would not work except when a phone call was active.2. T-Mobile referred me to Samsung equipment support. When I told them the phone was at Android version 2.3.5, they recommended upgrading to version 4.1. I downloaded Samsung Kies and it could not upgrade the phone. Samsung suggested I take the phone to Best Buy. The phone supposedly was model SGH-i727, but Best Buy could not upgrade it even though they had the software for that model. My wife happened to have a SGH-i727 phone and Best Buy easily upgraded my wife's phone to Android version 4.1.3. I contacted Samsung again. Samsung said the phone that I purchased from you had been previously purchased in 2012 and was not in warranty. The seller description did not mention that. Samsung also said that it is likely the phone was sold in another country and had been &#34;rooted&#34; to its Android software. It was likely that the phone could not be upgraded to the latest Android version because the software had been forced on another device that originated in another country. The seller description also did not mention that.At least the seller (U.S. Wireless) paid for the phone to be returned and is refunding my purchase price. But they can't refund the time I wasted on this adventure.Note: Even though my wife's S2 phone was able to be upgraded from Android 4.0 to 4.1, I found that her phone (which I purchased from another seller through Amazon) was originally sold in 2011 and was also not under warranty.I have learned my lesson and I will not buy cell phones through the internet any more unless I am 100% sure they are brand new. I went to Walmart and bought a brand new LG Optimus L90 for $10 less than I paid for this Galaxy S2 (Family Mobile phone but it also works with T-Mobile) and it works like a charm. It's also under warranty.

i don't recommend it coz it has echo in all calls and you can't hear the others calling you clearly...also when you try to turn on front camera the rear one stops working and when try to change to rear one it fails and you should restart the phone to restore the rear one again...so bad phone but I don't know is that in all series of it or this is adefect in my phone specially????

Better than the G3. Better than iphone. This phone is just better. As long as you know what you are doing when it comes to unlocked phones and do all your research this is a great deal.The seller for this product is amazing as well. Got here in 2 days when I ordered just the free shipping from Amazon. I would recommend this sell for any items.

Update: THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED!After flashing the phone and working the stock rom and doing some research I discovered that the phone was never truly unlocked.  This phone is advertised as an "Unlocked" phone, but this is a lie.  Extra Virgin Tech did not truly unlock the phone but tried to subvert the network lock by installing a custom ROM (Operating System).  This is why the phone was having a problem working on the AT&T; network, which is the network the phone was originally locked to.  After installing the stock ROM, the phone has worked fine on AT&T;, but it could not be used on other networks and required a network unlock key to unlock the phone.  After talking with some Android phone experts, I was informed that flashing the phone with a custom rom (installing a new OS)does not truly unlock a phone because the network lock is part of the Firmware of the phone, not the Operating System software of the phone.  Once a phone is truly firmware unlocked, it will remain unlocked regardless of how many times the phone is flashed with new roms.Extra Virgin Tech never unlocked this phone and should be sued for saying they did.  They still have not answered my emails.  Amazon should be ashamed for allowing sellers such as this to sell through them. I give the phone 5 Stars, but EVT 1 star and Amaxon gets 1 Star for letting EVT sell through them.Original Review:I bought this phone on amazon from Extra Virgin Tech (EVT for short).  The phone is great, but EVT had loaded a custom Operating System (ROM) on it called CyanogenMOD.  This ROM was a bare bones ROM with limited functionality and it had a "KNOWN" problem of not working with the AT&T; service. I tried calling EVT only to find they have no phone number. I got an email from Amazon and and sent them an email, which they never responded to. It took me two days to figure out what the problem was.  The only way to fix the problem was to flash the phone with a Stock ROM from Samsung.  This took a long time since I had never done anything like this before.  My first two attempts resulted in the phone being stuck on the start screen (Which scared the crud out of me).  After hours of more searching I found how to fix that and now the phone works fine.I love the phone now, but be warned; DO NOT ORDER IT FROM EXTRA VIRGIN TECH!!!!!!.  They put crappy dysfunctional roms on their phones and offer no tech support or customer service.

I was very excited about purchasing my phone to give it away. I testing it I realized that the phone was bad because when connecting to load and no load will not start is something that bothers me a lot as I am a regular customer of you. I've always done all my shopping amazon. This takes me to distrust in the safety of their products.

I bought the samsung s2 skyrocket and it brings a wird android ... Also after a couple ajustment the phone didn't work anymore bad product.

phone went completely dead the 2nd day. charged battery over night it came back on . a week later spilled water on it, dried it with rice for a week bought 2 new batteries,but no luck. I have had two phones that have had water damage thru the years but they both worked after they dried out.I also had a laptop that got wet during a rain storm, it also worked after it dried out. I guess Samsung is not as resilient as Motorola and gateway. By the way Amazon did not offer ins I replaced it with a new phone from ebay with a warranty $39.00 for 2 years.

Works great, great battery life. I run CyanogenMod 10.1 on mine, which works like a charm, and I think I may hold on to this phone well after the contract expires.

I was afraid of the product, it is the first time that I bought a phone here, and let me tell you, the packaging was perfect, the phone really was unlocked as the tittle and the seller told me, it came perfect, brand new, and even with android 4.0 perfect phone, really recommended to anyone that want a great phone with ice cream sandwich

This is my first Android phone and I am really happy about it. It is fast and screen is beautiful and bright but the battery life is something else! I activated this unlocked phone with T-Mobile's incredible hard to beat 4G monthly prepaid $30 a month plan with 100 minutes but unlimited text and data...I am hooked with this phone and don't want to put it down!!! Poor me but I am a really happy camper. Thanks Samsung for the best phone and T-Mobile for the best no contract 4G monthly plan that none of AT&T; or other GSM carriers offerred for smartphones.

Because the battery come with problems. I reported it. But the answer was not enouf to me. Thank you. Carlos

This phone is great, a good choice today, better than SIII mini but it's charger is the worst, is slow and sometimes it doesn't work

I purchased it as a new cellphone. Even I contact the seller and asked him/her about the condition and assured me that it is new. I was using it until for a charging problem I showed it to a repairman and he looked at it and told me it is definitely a refurbished one. Now I am annoyed and I recommend be very cautious when you are buying it. Even don't trust the positive feedback for the seller.

A+++++++++Goodshiping and as he sade like new. The most important that 4G is working fine in my area. That what i need.Thanks

I love the Samsung Galaxy phones but I needed an emergency replacement. I ordered one and had it shipped overnight. When I opened the box, it was missing a new SIM card, an image was burned into the screen, and the battery was bad (wouldn't hold a charge). I was very disappointed. The phone is great. Battery usage is not the best when you leave the background updates option on. I turn that off and do updates manually about once a week.

I purchased the Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket from Bytes of Deals. WARNING: Chances of product being refurbished and sold as new are very high for the following reasons:1. Box is not what is expected or shown on the product pics - the colourful box with pics and logo of the Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket on it. Instead box is a simple generic black box with Samsung logo alone! I know the difference because I purchased the same phone months before and it came in the proper box.2. There is no manual in the box!3. The headphones are not the standard Samsung headphones!4. Phone appears to be reset as it does not guide you through the initial phone start up as I had received when I bought the same phone months before.All evidences seem to show that this phone was reset and then re-packaged in a generic box with no manual and no original Samsung headphone!ADDITIONALLY: The Amazon seller - Bytes of Deal's storefront is closed and attempts to contact them are futile. Smells fishy and like  a scam. I only hope Amazon is not a part of this!

I've bought it in doubt if it really is a good smartphone like the iPhone. I'm way surprised with the functionality, with the Android (I was afraid of him), etc. He is stabile, super easy to administrate, user friendly, it's a great acquisition. It's very very quick, impressive!

Good Phone as described in the page, arrived just in time. Perfect unlocked phone with big touch screen an powerful processor, very fast response.

this phone was a piece of junk. no service worked appropriately with it.i tried all these services t-mobile ,at&t,simple mobile,,,!it was slow.it had a issue which caused the connectivity to be fluctuating...i wasted my money on this product

Great phone. Does everything I want and I was able to use it with a low price carrier with no problems.

i got the cell phone 9 months ago and have been working ok till like a month ago that start going off by itself, and not only that i contacted amazon.com customer service and they told me the manufacterer warranty is for a year so as it is a manufacterer issue i got in touch with samsung and they told the warranty expired, So i told them i got the cellphone less than a year ago that how come is expired when it should be for a year , was advice to go back to amazon, and to my surprise amazon just told me nothing to you have to pay to get it fix im sorry. so that one year manufaterer warranty that they say it comes with its not true, as i said it is a beatiful cellphone however expect it to work for less than a month and start thinking on paying to get it repair or just buy another one , because from amazon you are not going to get help at all

It isnt new,All the phone are refurbished and are bad. The Box its generic a bad copy of OEM the headphones are ZTE?its generic marc too, the phone has been reset severals time

Fantastic,beyond my expectation!! I trully recomende this phone it works great and gives you that kind of pleasure that you are looking for but couldn't find it.

it was suppose to be an unlocked phone and it was not :( and it had to much scratches  on the back of the phone

I initially was not sure whether that was the right item. I chose to try it anyhow. It is serving my needs. But the product was not identified as coming from AT&T. I am nevertheless satisfied that it is GSM and can be unlocked by myself.

As this is my first cell phone in 9 years I honestly didn't know what to expect, but when it arrived and I started playing around with it a little I must say this phone is a must have for those who don't want to spend a crazy amount of money or a first time phone. It does everything I want it to and more.

everything was fine only a detail contains no guarantee for sansumggreat productmeets my expectationsAll data are consistent

the resolution is so high.I really like it. works good and smooth. I bought it used. there are some cosmetic imperfections on the back that was mentioned by the seller. it came really fast on expedited shipping with a few bucks more. but it is worth the money i paid. I like it.

After researching for a good, fair-prized phone to replace my Samsung Galaxy Nexus phone {because it fell down and cracked (but still works ok), and needed something more modern}, I decided to buy Samsung Galaxy s2. I choose it because of it's fairly large screen size, light weight, and versatility applications. So far I'm not disappointed (used it for almost two weeks), performs greatly (no hiccups and switches apps very smoothly). I have even upgraded it the Jelly bean android 4.1.2 version with ease, and it's still working greatly. I only followed the instructions from Samsung support page to the letter!Over all great phone, especially for those who are not ready for Galaxy s3 or 4 yet. This will more than give you what you need- it's all a matter of application! Though I haven't used any of those I'm wondering if there will be much difference in functions. The battery is the problem so far- runs down quickly so that you're constantly charging. Maybe because I use it a lot, and run many applications on it!

I am very pleased with my new phone. This is by far the best phone I have ever had. I have no regrets about ordering this phone at all.

Having been a Blackberry user for several years but also owning an iPod4 64G, I finally decided to replace my 2-year old Blackberry Curve with a smartphone and went for the Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket, cheaper than the iPhone and has had generally positive reviews from users.I've been using the Samsung now for a couple of weeks. Before getting into details about a few of the amazing features of this excellent phone, here is a summary of what I really liked about the Blackberry Curve and how the new Samsung compares:1. It was easy to type text on the Blackberry because it has a physical keyboard which even a user with big fingers can cope with. I was put off on-screen keyboards a couple of years ago by the truly appalling and virtually un-usable Blackberry Storm, but the Samsung is really OK in this department even though its keyboard appears on-screen because the key points are so large, and when you finger a key a larger image of it pops up to confirm which key you have activated.2. The Blackberry's party piece was very easy and intuitive email management, which I need to use all day long for business messages. Well, the Samsung is surprisingly good here too, with the added bonus of a huge screen and the facility to enlarge or reduce text size with a sweep of the fingers, iPhone style. The text clarity is first class.3. The Blackberry has very long battery life and typically I'd only need to charge it every 4 or 5 days, even with heavy usage. The Samsung does not fare well in comparison and needs daily charging, but there's a number of things you can do to prevent high power consumption like turning off features you're not using and not playing music through it (if using the phone principally as an iPod-like music player is important to you, then this Samsung may not be for you as battery life will be reduced to a few hours).4. The Blackberry is small and handy in size, whereas the Samsung is 3x larger (but about the same thickness) - however in compensation, you get that amazing huge screenHere's a summary of the main features of this amazing phone from my non-techie perspective:* The AMOLED screen on the Skyrocket is definitely its star attraction: huge, bright and clear with fabulous colour definition, it's even better than the iPhone or iPod. Designers have finally copped-on that people don't want ever smaller and smaller phones and no-one wants to watch a movie on a screen 1.5cm square; they want something of a convenient size that they can use and read easily at arm's length* Despite the substantial size, it's thin and lightweight at only 116g which makes it no problem in your pocket and a big advantage to a smaller person when making long calls (the iPhone for example is around 20g heavier)* All functions are very intuitive and easy to use - at least as good as the iPod4 with a similar feel* Calls are easy to make due to the big clear graphics and easy-to-follow menus - however it has some minor quirks like you can't answer a call by actually pressing the green phone symbol, you have to `sweep' across it - but once you learn this, everything is OK. The ear-speaker and voice-mike are both very good and very clear; reception so far first-class with no dropped calls* The quality of the image from the camera is also exemplary (but make sure the flash is turned on)* The Samsung has a standard connect-to-computer/mains charger socket, a micro-USB port located on the base-edge of the phone. Finally manufacturers have chosen (not before time) to stop ripping-off their customers by making them buy new chargers with every new handset and begun to standardize - FINALLY!In summary I'd say if you're looking for a smartphone, the Samsung is a very serious contender. It's beautifully designed, its screen is absolutely amazing - you need to just use it for a couple of minutes to appreciate how good it is - yet it's lightweight. The menus are intuitive and easy to master; it has loads of optional software and aps (mostly free to the user, unlike with Apple); making calls and managing email is a breeze. It's a weather forecaster, a GPS street-finder and a web browser with astoundingly clear screen definition unlike anything I ever used before.Possible cautions include barely acceptable battery life, and for this it drops a star: if you're a current Blackberry user you'll really notice this, and especially so if you use it as a music player. Also the Skyrocket might be intimidating if you're a technophobe who just wants a simple phone to make calls. But it compares very well in all essentials against the iPhone: it's lighter, cheaper and the screen is better, and most of the aps for which Apple charges you, you get with the Samsung for free.One final point: make sure you buy a good robust case and a screen protector for it; there's plenty of choice and most of them do the job OK.

Great Quality!. Thanks a lot! the color, and all of it. Great power in a good price! I recomend it

I will be travelling with this phone soon.So far i have nothing bad to say about this phone.It is working well. I will recommend it to anyone looking to buy aSamsung phone.

I spent a lot of time searching for the best unlocked phone with the most bang for the buck (and on a budget). I dread the idea of being locked into a 2-year contract and paying high monthly service fees. I use PureTalk USA, which I have been very pleased with. They piggy back on the AT&T; Go Network (GSM) and offer a lot more for your money. I upgraded from an unlocked/rooted HTC HD2 running Jelly Bean (which developed a bad charging port) and it was like moving from a Prius to a Porsche with respect to performance. I paid $380 for mine (at the beginning of January) and used $200 in Amazon Rewards, so I picked it up for $180. If money was no object, I would have bought an S3. To be honest, I probably would have bought a used one on eBay for $100 less, but I wanted to use my Amazon Rewards to bring the price down. But used ones can easily be over $300 anyway. In the end, I was glad to have a brand new one rather than a used one. Enough of that about shopping. I'm super happy with this phone.I was glad it arrived as it was described. Sometimes with products like this you don't always receive exactly what is listed. I would recommend contacting the seller first to confirm and ask questions. For example, if the phone wasn't unlocked it would have been a real pain to deal with. (FYI - there are several different versions of the S2 out there, both GSM and CDMA. Know what you are buying.) While I was waiting for it to arrive, I scoured the forums at XDA Developers for how to root it and install custom ROMs. As soon as the phone arrived and it was charged up, I rooted it and installed the newest CyanogenMod 10 nightly (which has been extremely stable for me). It went like a charm and took about 15 minutes. Jelly Bean is smooth and fast! I then put on a screen protector.Considering my move from a dinosaur, I haven't found anything I don't like yet about the phone. The screen is amazing. I like the slightly larger screen of the Skyrocket compared to some other models of S2 that are out there. The phone seems to hit a sweet spot in size. It's starting to look a little small compared to some of the newer phones coming out, but it's still very portable and you don't have to start thinking about how you are going to carry it around. You can go to the store and actually see what they look like since it's still for sale. I can use the screen in bright sun. It's not great, but it's visible. I generally like that it doesn't have hardware buttons, but I sometimes wish it had a button to end calls. Other than that, I like the smooth clean front.The camera works very well (8MP). I haven't spent much time with the camera so I can't tell how it compares to a real camera, but when I want pictures I normally use a real camera and to me phone cameras are just for quick snapshots. The front camera (2MP) works fine too. I've got plenty of free memory with my added 32G microsd card. BTW, the phone has a 2G partition that it takes from the internal memory for installing the OS and programs, which I find is more than adequate. I'm impressed with the sound this cranks out. It almost sounds better than my Vaio laptop. If you are concerned about battery life, it seems to be about average for a phone like this which means you need to start the day with a full charge. Juice Defender is an app that can help stretch it out for you.After three weeks of using it, I have found the call quality to be generally very good and clear. The earpiece volume could be a little bit louder, but I use speaker phone a lot anyway. This might vary depending upon what OS you are using. Some calls aren't so good, but that's probably the network connection and not the phone. The phone does register as HSPA+ on the PureTalk (AT&T; Go Network) which is like 3G+ and provides data speeds that are fast enough to be useful (doubtful for streaming video). There are several companies that provide similar phone service on the AT&T; Go Network. I think it would run at full 4G speed if I wanted to pay AT&T; more than twice as much for regular monthly service.PROS:Flexibility being unlockedScreen is big and bright and clearSound is loud and clearCall quality very goodCamera is goodFront facing camera does work with Skype (I tested it)Fast and smoothCons:4G speed only available with AT&T; or T-Mobile. It will work with T-Mobile, but do some research on how to set it up.[Note: I read some places that the phone uses a micro (mini) SIM and that confused me because other places said it used a regular SIM. Mine uses a regular SIM and I think they all do, but I could be mistaken. There is a tool you can purchase to cut it down to size if necessary. Also, I could take this phone overseas and pop in a local SIM card and it would work just fine.]

i bought a cell phone brand new but it not was brand new, i dont care at all but when i start to use my cellphone it comes with a wifi problems

I got the phone, it was packaged as if new but when I updated the os to Jellybean it began to get so hot it could not be touched and several other issues came about. I called Samsung and gave them the IME numbers and the confirmed it was a refurbished phone and the warrantee ran out 4 months prior. If it had been a new phone as advertised Samsung would have honored the warrantee and fixed it. This is listed as a new phone and it is not a new phone.

I received the phone in a timely manner.  After a few snafus created by NET10, it works great.  Just needed to update to latest Android version.

Great phone, just what i wanted. Battery life is aweful though with the faster processor. Looking for a solution to that...

because twice i got a phone with a burn thru on the screen ,from the same company& it still has some other problems.

Sim card slot was broken had to spend sixty dollars to fix it but everything else was great and right

The phone was fine when it arrived. But the phone got locked after a software upgrade from Samsung. Contacted the seller for unlock code but they didn't get back to me.

Below is my personal experience limited to the device I got & has got nothing to do with Samsung S2 as a mobile.Issues faced1) GPS : failed to connect 9 out of 10 times2) Used to get &#34;Not registered to network&#34; message earlier. But a reboot used to help. But after using for 7-8 months, it completely stopped supporting any SIM card.3) Samsung repair saida) This mobile was sent to them earlier for repair for the same reason in Aug 2012.b) this mobile has the history of this issue & is beyond repair.What I don't understand is that how can a new mobile that I believe I bought (18 dec 2012) can have a repair history.which means I was sold an used piece.I feel cheated and the worst is vendor isn't responding to my mail.Amazon is following up with vendor. Hope something good turns up.I have bought other stuff from Amazon & haven't faced any issues apart from this one.

Everything was good, except for the phone not being unlocked as described. I sent an email to the sellers about the phone being locked and the seller lied about the product stating that the phone is unclocked which it wasn't.It was locked and I had to pay to unlock the phone

it was delivered on time and the phone works great. Battery life seems a little bit short but will make out just fine.

This phone is awesome. And the seller was extremely polite and eager to ensure satisfaction. Although the title says that this phone is &#34;unlocked&#34;, the phone I received was not. I had to spend some cash to get the phone unlocked. When I told the seller about it, they instantly refunded me for the inconvenience. I recommend this product because this phone is unlike any phone I have ever had. I'm somewhat new to these kind of phones. Definitely hassle-free. Enjoy!

Undoubtedly, this is one of the best products on the market. I already tried Nokia Lumia with windows OS, which was a complete frustration. I already had a Samsung galaxy mini tablet, so I knew that I would like the galaxy phone as well. The file manager in the Android OS is a real comfort. Just connect your device with USB cable to the computer and copy paste your files! Forget about the hassle of dealing with iTune or similar approach of windows phones!But why I give this a 3 star ranking:1- unlike the Samsung galaxy tablets, the battery runs low rather quickly, if the peripheral equipments, such as camera, music player & ... are used.2- I'm used to listen to my musics by Bluetooth headphones while exercising, running or biking. The Bluetooth connection gets disrupted, sounds going on and off, frequently. That means a poor Bluetooth module!3-GPS built in antenna has a poor performance. While seating in the rear seats, of the car, it losses connection with the satellite frequently and some times the GPS freezes up!4- The speaker quality is very bad.However, despite all these shortcomings, still I could live with it and would recommend it! Nothing is perfect!

When I fist got this phone, I was very excited...I had one a few years ago when they first came out, and I loved it, so I needed another one. The phone was great for the first week or so...then, it would restart by itself, I couldn't answer incoming calls, and people would text me and I wouldn't be able to see the messages or respond. It started off great, then turned sour.

From I have purchased this I can say that this was a great buy.  I am an international buyer and I am skeptical about purchasing certain phones because some don't work like they should in my country.  However this AT&T Samsung galaxy s2 has yet to give me any problems. It works anywhere in the world allowing u to connect to. 4G network and has features that will entertain anyone.  If you encounter any issues just shut it off, take out the battery for a minute. Once it is powered back on you are good to go.  A great buy for anyone living outside the U.S.

Not a bad phone.per se, but did not work well with t-mobile.  One of the phones had an old battery didn't hold charge for a whole day.  Also same one would turn on and off by itself when battery icon was yellow.  Other phone seemed ok, just not compatible with out carrier.  Returned and got t-mobile phones. Amazon was awesome with the returns!

This is not a unlock phone! And it is not a AT&T Phone! Very unhappy! I open it up place my SIM card and didn't work called T-Mobile rep said the phone is not unlock!

Soon as I got this phone I was all excited charged the battery up turned it on then all my excitement went away, the screen freezes, applications move on their own and it gets pretty hot, I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase the it was suppose to be new and wasn't, now I'm not sure about trusting to get another one for fear of the next one being the same. Now I'll be without a phone till I get a replacement this is not good being without communication since I'm a paraplegic.

MY GIRL JUST LOVE THIS PHONE CAME UNLOCK AND READY TO USE RIGHT OUT THE BOX AND WITH HSPD ITS SUPER FAST
