
Sellers sent this quickly and when you order something useful don't know what to expect. Was pleasantly surprised. Phone was in much better shape than I expected and it works great and battery was fully charged. It almost looked unused. For the price was great deal.

My dad bought this phone.. Uses it for Construction.. It's awesome works very good!Recommand buying it to everyone! Love it!

These are pretty bullet proof phones and are good for buying used phones. I Ordered two of these after flushing my old faithful down into the depths of the earth, one from NC and this one from Texas. The other phone ordered from the NC reseller was in my mailbox two days after the ordered and was in great shape with a new fresh charged battery and is currently living in my pocket. However this phone arrived a week and a half later with a flat battery and a lot of battle scars but still was in working order. Like I said this model is bullet proof otherwise I wonder if the outcome would have been the same with a more fragile version of flip phone. I gave three stars because of the long wait, flat battery, and battle scars. Not so much the battle scars.

Had a work phone like this one and was use to it.  Doesn't have all the bells and whistles but that is why I got it--simple!

I am very much impressed by this product but also by the company that sold it to me  recieved phone as told had a problem with one of these products was given a new product in a timely fashion all is wellKUDOS to all

it was a great replacement phone for my husband, he had an old motorola and this one works even better.

I've had this phone for 4 years, the guys at work talked me into it and said, it's called the military phone, drop it, falls in water, thrown on the groundMy grandson has played with it, thrown it around and it's still perfectI understand from Verizon, they don't make it any moreThey were all correct, I love this phone and now have the extra large battery from Amazon  and only have to charge it every other nightFeels like it will last forever

I have had this phone for 4 years.  Yes I know most people change phones 2-3 times in that span.  The number of problems that I have had with it, 0.  It has lived up to its claim of being a rugged phone.  I take mine in wooded areas, industrial plant areas, and even under vehicles.  I don't ever remember submerging it, but it has been in water soaked clothing on numerous occasions.  Call quality has been good.  I am now starting to notice some more breakup in calls as the phone has aged, but at this point it is hard to complain.My biggest complaint is that it does not stay connected with blue tooth headsets as well as I would like.  It almost needs line of sight if you are just sitting idle.  I have tried a couple of different headsets with the same results.Sending text messages is a little difficult without a keyboard but that is a given.  The camera is average.  It is good for quick shots but I grab a regular camera for anything I intend to print out.The bottom line is that if you are looking for a basic, rugged, and durable flip phone, this is the one.

I had been looking for a flip phone for my husband and this one is perfect and works great !!!

Got this for my elderly dad. I like that it's waterproof (but we'll see). Simple, large buttons, good voice quality, holds a charge well. What's not to like?

We got the phone quicker than expected, which was great. However, the wrong battery was included. We got the right battery within a few days of calling them, which was also great. However, the phone wouldn't connect to the charger and the thing couldn't be recharged. Also, the camera didn't work. We got a replacement phone a few days later - again, packaged with the wrong battery for the model phone we ordered. That's ok because we had already gotten a new battery on hand... and the camera works on this one. All in all, it took a 2-3 weeks to finally have the right equipment that's working properly. Kind of a hassle, but it was a decent price.

I admit, I'm a contractor and I'm very tough on phones.  That's why I try to buy the "ruggedized" phones, the heavy duty ones that are supposed to be able to handle some abuse.  This phone did not live up to it's billing.  I even bought two separate protective cases, a leather one, and then a hard rubber one.  Even with the cases on, the phone was useless after only a month and a half.  First the front screen cracked.  No big deal, it happens on pretty much every phone I've had.  But then, the main screen went blank, and I was left with trying to dial or pull up numbers blindly from memory.  After a month and a half?  very disappointed.  My first phone was a motorola, and I loved it, this one did not hold up.I went with aCasio GzOne Ravine 2 Verizon, instead and have been extremely happy with it.  The front screen hasn't even cracked yet, and it's been over 6 months.  I'd skip the Barrage and to with a Ravine 2.

I have ruined so many cell phones.... Its nice to finally get a &#34;hardy&#34; one like this phone. Just purchasing outright makes so much more sense!

It's a flippy! And dang tough!

I love this phone.  Since all I do is talk it meets my requirements.  Dropped it in a puddle and NO problem. Really is waterproof.  Also the sellers are the best.  Thanks for the back.

I've owned this phone for nearly four years and I love it!  I've dropped it and soaked it, and it still works perfectly.  It has lots of nice features like a notebook function for jotting notes to yourself, a camera (although the photos aren't as crisp as with more hi-tech phones), alarm clock, calculator and stop watch.  The original battery (from Verizon) didn't last more than a year, but replacements are inexpensive, and I adore this phone overall.I don't like touch screens, and don't text enough to need a full keyboard, so this phone is perfect.  I have the Internet capability turned off, although it would be useful for looking up addresses while on the road.  While my husband and kids have gone through two fancy phones each in the time I've owned this one (one dropped in the toilet, one shattered on the floor, one just died on its own, and one started typing random letters in texts) I've had the same bullet-proof phone.

This is a very rugged phone, that can be dropped, wet, and still keeps working.  The phone arrived when promised, in better condition than expected,  good value.

this phone is so dirty i'm afraid to use it, not to mention put it near my face. I'm send it back.

Ordered 2 of their refurbished phones.  Both were great.  Showed a little wear, but really in great shape.  They were as advertised.  Service is Excellent!  One of the phones had a wall charger that didn't work (didn't receive electrical current).  I contacted them through Amazon.  They responded immediately - shipped out new charger same day AND said I could throw the other one away. They saved me from having to do anything!  No return shipping, etc.  That, to me is Outstanding Customer Service!  We love the phones!  Perfect for people who prefer flip phone.  Durable - which is good for my hunter and my 85 yr old mother!  Mother likes to text some, but gets real confused with a qwerty keyboard.  Texting is smooth and easy with the dial pad on this phone - works really great for her.  The feature to announce who's calling helps her because some ring tones don't register with her hearing aid.  The voice announce works perfect.  Both users are very happy with their phones.

I bought one phone for a friend as a gift and the phone worked great, looked great and was shipped very fast. I was so impressed with the phone that when it came time for he's wife to get a phone I reordered from the same company and got her the exact same phone. Now they both have great working phone are easy for them to operate.  They are both in their 70s and this phone has big buttons that are easy to see and the phones are made to be tough for the fall's that they are put through.

within days of receiving this phone in the mail. All of the problems I've been having went away. The great improvement over the phone I had before. I hope this one lasts for a long long time.

This phone has been durable and works fine. Certainly a far cry from a smart phone, but I just wanted something that wouldn't break and I got it.

The phone keeps asking me to run the set up wizard even though I've done it about 10 times now. It was also a pain to get activated through Verizon, but it works like it's supposed to now.

This is my first purchase of an item like this; usually just go through the provider.  I have to admit some skepticism regarding the purchase but not anymore.  The phone works great, looks almost new, and the battery was fully charged when I got it.  I can't ask for more than that.  The next time someone I know needs a phone I will definitely recommend this seller

My husband is so hard on cell phones and this is fantastic. He has dropped it so many times and it works great,

bought this for my ex husband... he loves it .. and its a heavy duty phone which is terrific... as he ran over the last one with the pickup truck...lol... but he gets good reception with it and says it has great sound...and a terrific camera... oh and he loves the voice activated dialing

Service was excellent.  Came in less time than I was told it would and seller e-mailed me about return policy and seemed to really care if I was happy with my phone.  The phone itself is not for someone who wants all the bells and whisles but it is built to Military specs and I have had one for many years this one was a replacement for one that was 4 years old and had the rubber waterpoofing on the buttons not worn off I would still be using it.  However, this one is of the same rough build and I have been very happy with it.

Works great. This phone is the only one in our home that works in the basement, sunroom, or whatever room we are in. None of our smart phones will work in these areas. My husband loves this phone.

Very disappointed that this phone did not have a camera.  Most phones have cameras now days.The last phone we had exactly like this had a camera.  We thought we were getting the same phone.How do we get a Motorola Barrage with a camera?

A very reliable, easy phone. And it's Waterproof.  For a used phone it seems brand new. This purchase exceeded my expectations.

Heavy-duty phone was very good quality. I would recommend it for anyone that would be afraid they might drop their phone accidentally. And it has a very loud speakerphone in very big display

Works great, it was easy to convert my old set up to this one, and arrived very timely. I love this phone's durability, and being waterproof.

I've dropped this phone on hard surfaces and even in a pail of water and the phone was perfectly fine.

The phone arrived promptly. Everything was as stated in advertisement. I have less one star only because it may have had 1 or 2 more scratches on it than I prefer. Overall the phone is great!! Wanted it for my mom who wanted an upgrade but is not into the new phones of today.

I wanted a plain cell phone and this is it.  I love it.  It works fine, the battery has a decent life and the numbers are easy enough to see

Love the phone but does not hold charge longer than 5to6 hours .if it was new it should hold charge .The last phone I had just like that one stayed charged for 3 days.

From whenever I got it, it was for my husband, it just now broke from falling off a nightstand a foot off the ground and broke at the hinge. Which before that it was hard to flip open and when he talked to someone on it he could hardly hear them. I have a phone exactly like this one but I have it for longer and it hasn't had the problems this one has had.

This phone came in so fast and met every expectation! Our employee even said he could hear better on this one than the last phone (Which we paid about $160.00 for.

If you like flip phones, this is the best I have owned. My phone does not have a camera, but later models included a camera. It has a nice feel, but user must be careful of the back plate. If it is not flat and you try to turn the lock it can damage the latch which is molded into the body of the phone.

I ordered this for my husband as he's a farmer and into all sorts of dirt and equipment. He had destroyed his previous phone. Upon receiving the phone, we were able to transfer all his info to the new one and he's taken it to work daily. It holds a charge for a LONG time and actually stays clean! We both love the phone!

I have one of these phones already so I knew what to expect but did not know what shape it would be in since it was used and reconditioned. It looked almost new and functioned like new.Very happy with the phone and price.

this phone does not hold a good battery charge and charges real slow if charged by computer the positive thing about this phone is it is rugged

This phone can take a barrage of abuse.  Great for the person who is often working outdoors.  Loud ringer too!

Thanks got here fast happy etc like to write at least 20 words because it makes me feel like I am back in school ...

I was looking for a third phone ( dedicated work number) I am in the service industry and my phone can be subject to bit of an abuse.  I am on the phone most of the day and tend to use the speaker. This phone is very sturdy ( already survived a 12 feet drop on concrete). The batter life is good. It is very light and a good size.  not very good for emailing or texting (I don't think any of these flip phones are when you compare them to the new smart phones), but that is not what I bought it for.  The quality of sound is good. buttons are well laid out and visible . I really like this phone are recommend it anyone who is looking for an everyday phone.

best cell phone I've owned. very sturdy, easy to use stays charged for weeks great option instead of "free phones" from Verizon

I liked getting the instructions on how to activate the phone without having to go into a Verizon location.  It was recevied quickly also.

This was a bargain!  I would definitely use the seller again.  I had some questions on the item and promptly received a response.  Got this for my son, who really likes it, especially that it has a camera and can take a beating when going camping.  The phone was received in very good condition, charged too!  The transaction was easy and the item received quicker than expected in proper packaging.  I especially liked that I didn't have to go with a contract.

I love this phone its sturdie holds a great signal and i ;ike the look of this phone. the only problem that i have is it dnt have a good battery life

Love this phone.  wish that motorola made a version that had talking texts as an option, for vision impaired left.

You can have all of the little computers they call smart phones.  I cannot read anything written on it.  If I want a camera, I'll use a camera.  I just wanted a phone.  This one works well.  Before long the 'smart phones' will also be vibrators and the airheads won't be able to decide which end to apply them to.

My hubby is dangerous on cell phones. He drops then ask the time in water in dirt pretty probably even in the toilet....Lol this phone is durable and small enough fir his pocket he loves it.

Since I was looking for a very basic phone, this one meets my needs wonderfully.  It arrived promptly, in nearly-new condition, along with a new generic charger.  It seems to be quite substantial, and the sound quality is better than some of the more expensive phones I've had in the past.  It holds a charge quite well, and since it isn't one of the newer phones, I don't have to pay for a data plan.  If you just need a basic phone with your Verizon cell service, this is a great choice.  I called Verizon Customer Service to make the change from my old phone, quick and easy, although I had to re-enter all my contacts manually.  I imagine that going to a Verizon store might allow you to automatically transfer all your contacts.  Overall, an excellent choice for a basic phone.

If you are skeptical about buying from this company, don't be!  The item was shipped and received within two days of ordering.  After I received the phone I called the phone number on the invoice and was immediately connected to a live person!  Unheard of today, right?  She was most courteous and helpful.  Although the phone was a little dirty (I was told that's the way it came from the distributor), with a little alcohol and cotton swab it now looks brand new!Do not think twice about ordering from here!  TEN stars!

older person or construction person or sports person can drop kick step on still works great. and forgot water ok

great phone and great price. very loud ringer which I need also that is waterproof is a plus. reception is better than any phone I have owned

I NOW HAVE 2 OF THESE PHONES. I ACTUALLY SWAM WITH THE PHONE IN MY POCKET FOR 15 MINUTES AND GOT OUT OF THE WATER TOOK IT OUT OF MY POCKET AND MADE A CALL I SWAPPED IT FOR A  COMMANDER SMART ? PHONE THAT WAS LESS CONVENIENT TO USE ONE HANDED WHEN NECESSARY. THEY SHOULD NEVER STOP MAKING THIS PHONE.

Seems like the perfect phone for my 60 year old husband who doesn't use the internet..very lightweight and easy to use

The product was in excellent condition and was received quickly from the buyer.  I was able to transfer my previous numbers on to this phone since I have a Verizon contract.

it needs to be reprogramed and it seems to work better cuz it first dint even stay one for long turned on and off every minute.

Came as advertised. Blemish free and performs like new. Looking forward too years of use.

MY HUSBAND IS SATISFIED WITH THE WIRELESS PHONE THAT HE CAN NOW ACTUALLY HEAR PEOPLE WHEN THEY TALK TO HIM.  WE DID NOT RECEIVE THE UPGRADE ON SAME DAY SHIPPING AT NO COST.  IT TOOK ABOUT A WEEK TO RECEIVE.

Said new looked new but inside screen sticker said refurbished camera data missing too but otherwise it works and that's what we wanted

I ordered this product because the front display screen on a friend's phone broke. I found that this seller was selling used phones for a decent price. I knew before ordering that these were going to be used phones so I dreaded the condition they were in. I was happily surprised that I received an almost brand new phone with slight wear. I powered it on since the battery still had a charge and the phone started right up with. O issues. Now my friend has a spare battery that he can use with his fixed phone.

.A  great replacement phone. It was in  much better condition than the replacement phone I paid $50 for at Verizon store.

Great purchase.  My husband and I (in our mid 20's) have no interest in smart phones or anything like that. We just wanted something simple and durable that can make phone calls.  The phone, though used, works just fine.  It had a few scratches on it but it works perfectly and hopefully will be disaster resistant for my husband!  My husband had a history of getting cellphones wet so that was another reason we picked this one, it was listed as water resistant. We are very happy with this phone.

When the wife's phone died, she was adamant that she only wanted a cell phone for voice calls.  I was familiar with this model from tests while in the military.  Good design, solid construction, excellent battery life, and great performance.  It was used, but listed like new, and that's exactly the way it was.  Would definitely purchase again, and would recommend this one without hesitation.

I just want a cell to talk.  I have ruined several because of moisture.  This one has sort of a rubbery cover on keys and has lasted me longer than any phone I have had in a very long time.  For those who just want a cell to &#34;talk&#34;, this is a great phone.

This  Motorola Barrage V860 phone came in as described, it worked fine on the existing service.  Thanks for a good product.

The phone is great, since the other went in the pool to prove a point that it was water proof., but it was not .

It's a great item, reception is nice. I got the belt buckle clip holder and its nice. plus the shpping even better.

I recieved everything as expected. Product has a few more scatches than what I expected, but this is a great company to buy from. I would recommend this company to everyone I know.

The phone was as describe.  Great used condition and included the charger.  The phone works perfectly and seems to have been very lightly used

The phone clicks and breaks up the sound when you are on the receiving end of the call this phone is made from. Otherwise great.

This product arrived in excellent condition, both cosmetic and operational!  It was EXACTLY as described! I would suggest to anyone doing the same, though to order the extended life battery and door, as the battery that shipped with this phone was inadequate.

RECEIVED THE PHONES RIGHT ON TIME..THE PHONES ARE GOOD QUALITY AND WORKED GREAT..WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCTS TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY..

This person/company shipped the phone on time and I received it a day earlier than I was promised.  The phone was in better condition than I thought it was described as and I have not had one bit of trouble with it.  YES I AM A HAPPY AND SATISFIED CAMPER WITH THIS TRANSACTION.

I would use them again the deal was as expected what else can you say.  Try it you will like it.

Since I have no need for a phone that can serf the Internet etc. (I have a great computer for that) I love my compact Motorola Barrage V860 phone.  It does all the things I require it to do and looks pretty, too, with it's new red protective cover.

I am very happy with this buy. the phone works great. I will look here if I need another phone in the future

A Great product would recommend it!!!  Clean and does the job for what i bought it for and that is it.

Lost cell phone and still have 6 mos to go on contract.  This phone fits the bill for what I needed on this line.In good shape with new charger.  Working fine.

Phone SUCKS!!! Don't ever buy that piece of JUNK!!!

as promised phone was ready to go.  Only slight damage to case but the price was good and the value is there

It was a little more broken in than I thought, but in good working order.I will kill this phone so a used one in best for me.

2ND PHONE EXACTLY LIKE THIS.  PURCHASED BECAUSE OF TOUGH QUALITIES.  1ST ONE LOST SCREEN COMPLETELY AND COULDN'T REPAIR BUT COULD FIND NOTHING BETTER TO SUIT NEEDS.  A GREAT PHONE WITH GREAT RECEPTION.STILL ONE OF THOSE WHO JUST NEED A GOOD PHONE THAT'S TOUGH.PROBABLY WON'T MAKE MUCH LONGER BUT FORTUNATE TO FIND  THIS NEW ONE  A GOOD DEAL AND GREAT PURCHASING EXP WITH VENDOR

I was pleased with this product.  I came as advertised and works great.  The battery is good and, with a little help from Verizon Wireless, I got it set up like a new phone.

Very durable phone and has some nice features for a flip phone, which by the way is getting almost impossible to fine, especially one of the quality of this phone. My only complaint is how thick it is, and to make matters worse I got the extended battery and back which makes it even thicker, but is nice for how much longer it lasts. Guess the old adage is true........ you can's get 10 lbs of s*** in a 5lb box......;)

Bought this phone to replace a broken one. Hoping it would work with Verizon. Phone was exactly as described. Included everything (charger cord, battery, case, etc.) All in excellent shape. Hooked up to Verizon within minutes and transferred all my contacts. Price was very reasonable, and shipped quickly. I will go to this seller again when I'm looking for another phone.

Arrived on time, As Ordered, In Great Condition and was activated without issue.  Great experience.Always liked Motorola because its durable and can take a beating

This phone was a replacement for my husband who is reluctant to catch up with technology.He works hard and has no tolerancefor the learning curve. Great and reliable phone.

The last time I asked the person who I bought this for what he thought, he said that the phone was real good.  Sorry I couldn't provide more than that.

Its a great phone for a dumb phone, but that is all I need. shock resistant and water resistant everything I need in a phone

VERIZON WIRELESS CELL PHONE MOTOROLA BARRAGE V860 the perfect work phone for my line of work i should have went with the camera version but still a great phone....thanks great deal

I have alot of experience with the motorola barrage, and ordered this one to replace my old barrage that finally quit after three years of use. I love the product and hate verizon quit carrying it in thier stores. As for this phone, I am impressed with the speed that it was delivered, and it being used was quite impressed with its condition, it looked almost unused. I'm very much satisfied with my order and would highly reccomend this to another person

I've had my original V860 for over 4 1/2 years, and I was getting ready to settle for a &#34;smart&#34; phone.  I doubt any other (especially &#34;smart&#34; ) phone could withstand the abuse (unintentional) my barrage has suffered...***I do NOT suggest that anyone try and duplicate these instances, I doubt the warranty would cover any of them!!***A short list:  Gone through a complete warm wash cycle, dropped in a 5 gal bucket of latex paint, dropped from a 7 and 10 foot height onto a concrete floor, dropped kicked 6 feet colliding with a brick wall and two weeks ago dropped into a gutter of rushing snow melt (frigid, very salty and gritty) not retrievable for 15 minutes (stuck under a pile of snow).  Each and every time, the phone was still on and functioned perfectly Except for the bucket of paint where the  mic was partially blocked by dried paint (my fault).  The only down side I can see is resetting all the sounds and graphics to where I want them...I love this phone!!

The back of ours isnt closing correctly and also has faulty keypad. Without those two, the phone is great, but becareful. Refurbished does mean something has been wrong with it before.

WORTHLESS SENSE WE USE U.S. CELLULAR. I LIKE THE PHONE BETTER, BUT CAN NOT BE USED ON U.S. CELLULARS SYSTEM EVEN THOUGH THEY USE TO HAVE THIS MAKE OF PHHONE.

Had one for 6years, some-what water proof and takes  real beating. Hope this one lasts as long. With the same  punishment, would have ruin 5 Smart phones by now.

I WISH THESE PHONES WERE STILL AVAILABLE , I'M PRETTY ROUGH ON PHONES BUT THESE SEEM TO SUIT ME FINE , THIS CAME ON TIME AND A GOOD PRICE

BOUGHT THIS OVER 6 MONTHS AGO AND STILL WORKS GREAT WITH MY FORD SYNC. BEST FLIP PHONE OUT THERE FOR THE FORD SYNC HANDS DOWN. CAN DO CALL WAITING, WORKS OFF CURRENT PHONE BOOK NUMBERS IN PHONE.

My husband loved his new phone!  He liked the operation and simplicity of this phone better than his old one.  I would reccommend to anyone who doesn't want or need a lot of bells and whistles.

I love this phone, the reason is its like the one I have now...Have yet to add to my verizonwireless account, Do not know if it works or not...So, as with anything ,.,YES, I stand by rating only because my last worked awesomely. ALSO, I was under the understanding that this was a New phone...Did not look like one...also,and my phone is water proof but the instructions stated, this one is not, but it has all same information as with my last... ask me again in month...May have a better rating...

I want to return the phone, but don't have a return form or address.  Could you please help me with this request.I was unable to program the phone & want to return it ASAP.Thank you very much!

I got a lot more phone than I thought I would with this. The camera is better than any I have had before, and it shoots video, too. I just needed something inexpensive to get me through to my next upgrade when my old phone died, and  this was perfect. I also got it in less time than amazon said I would, which was great.

Great

Upon taking the phone to verizon to have various things swithched over they let me know that they could not do it with this phone!

with a cheap snap on case and a little clear screen cover plastic filmy thing  BLAM  work phonei had it in my pocket all day in diesel soaked jeans then put it in the wash (still in pocket) then dry (still in pocket)puller it out an hour latter  let it cool  turned it on  still running about a year later

Bought for husband and he uses it everyday. He likes the fact that he can flip the lid and talk without having to do anything else.

The only complaint I have is that there is no flash. But the phone has geat reception, great display, easy to use, holds a charge, an all together simple and reliable cell phone. And for $35 delivered, I cant complain about a single thing......except for no flash.....lol....  I like it so much, Im thinking of getting another for a back-up. For the price and reliability, I have no choice but to give it 5 stars

Shipped very timely....Phone works well in my area..Holds charge very well. Previous phone did not pick up well here..This one receives will and battery charge last two days rather than two hours..

I purchased this phone for my dad who works in asphalt and construction. He loves the camera for taking photos of his grandkids and pets. The only conplaint we have is the battery life is terrible but we will purchase a new extended life battery. I paid 35 dollars for the phone and I am satisfied with the quality for that price.

people having a hard time hearing me it does not always ring and very  hard to get the charger in

These are the best. Rugged, take abuse and drowning. All my working friends have these.I was VERY saddened to hear that Motorola was bought out and sold off to THE C WORD!

The phone is fine. I like the phone. However, the battery is a big disappointment. It was supposed to be a new battery. but it will not hold a charge very long. I am constantly re-charging the battery. I would have sent it back within 30 days, but if I did I couldn't use the phone. I am requesting Amazon sent me a new battery. Please contact me at johnsonjt1@windstream.net to let me know if you will honor this request.Thank youJ T Johnson

Bought this as a backup phone for my father and it worked out great for him as he wanted something durable.

I had one touch screen phone in my life.  The touch screen broke and without buttons, I couldn't even make phone calls.  So I bought this tough and easy to use phone.  It's perfect for my back pocket.  I don't use apps or even text that much.  The camera works well enough for me and I never butt dial anyone!  I'm not even embarrassed that I don't have a smart phone....frankly, I don't care what people think.

Husband had his cell phone stolen, so we purchased this one until we could decide on next phone to purchase. He liked his other cellphone better.

I had one before, so I hoped this one would be as good! It was like new, just as was promised!

Replace the original Barrage V860 with a new one. The old was run over with a tractor. Still work put the cracked screen made it hard read. Try doing that with a &#34;smart &#34; phone.

Phone lasted for our young son over 2.5 years.. worked really well and was easy to use and no extra functions to worry about.

This was a gift for my dad who can't get over his old phone breaking. He's not much of a tech person so I was psyched when I found the same phone here, since Verizon no longer has them for sale. The price was great and the phone looks flawless. Dad was really happy to have his old phone back.

Didn't work it has to have a contract !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So don't waste your time or money it won't work!!!!!!!!!!!..

Well I don't even know where to start , but I will start with I don't think it was even a new cell Phone , with that said  the back would not go on right it took forever to get it on and its still not right, yes I know how they work I had a phone much like this one and had no problem, the front glass of the cell phone keeps coming out, I emailed them about this and head nothing back. So that is why I came it a 1 star, and the company gets one two.

This phone is no longer made for Verizon so I had to search for it because this was THE ONE my husband wanted...He is extremely happy with and would not part with it.Its dependable,clear and sturdy for a working person.

I bought this phone due to the last two touchscreen phones i had being destroyed by even a little water.this one is waterproof (i tested it), and shockproof, the predictive text works great (for texts), the signal and battery life are superior to much more expensive phones. It plays music, works with standard headphones and offers navigation and browsing (although limited) as well. This phone is not for someone who wants web browsing and high end features. This phone is for anyone who wants a reliable nearly indestructible phone to use for everyday communication.

This a great basic replacement phone for my mother, who did not want to be bound/enslaved to a two year contract.

Here are three different functions/procedures:#3-Cellebrite,(machine)a way to transfer your contacts from one cell phone to another. Need to have it done at a VZ Wireless store.#2-Flash, a way to have your cell phone reset back to Factory Default settings. Need to have it done at a VZ Direct Store (Verizon owned). Then you will be able to download and reinstall Back-Up Assistant.#1-From Media Center-Browse & Download...launch Back-Up Assistant...(lower left) launch HELP...once on the Help screen just type *73738#...the screen will close and take you to your "reset" Back-Up Assistant...when it ask for the pin# type in yours.....I hope this helps.

Product Had Great Reviews And Had The Features Desired; Simplicity, Ruggedness, Easy Viewing Screen, Clear Sound Strong Signal! Thanks For A Qualty Product!

The phone is capable of listening to music and has music controls on the front, is perfect for screwing Verizon which is always a plus, and you can't go wrong with a flip phone. my niece absolutely loves this phone. I fully recommend this phone for anyone who wants to entertain their kids, nephews or in my case, niece.

I am very satisfied. I am using it everyday.  I also got the products very quickly. Glad to have purchased this product.

It is a great phone and it is a real pleasure to use and have

I've complained about the volume on the ringer on this phone but the seller keeps on closing the case and denying that the phone is defective and wanted to charge me $20 for re-stocking fee if I decide to return it. I took it to Verizon store and have it checked and they admitted themselves that the phone is defective. What's the use of using a phone if you cannot hear it ring so it's just sitting here still in the original package and waiting for a solution and probably  some use for it. I'm very disappointed with this purchase and I hope Amazon. com will do something about this situation.

The phone from day 1 just never charged well, it was say complete and just shut down part way through the day. and now, 9 months later, it wont hold a charge at all. apparently the component inside the phone that is supposed to hold a charge is lose, and what else is terrible is No one wants to refund me so i can get a replacement phone. This is just not fair. . I'm out 60$ and now another 75$ to have to buy a replacement.

It's all that was promised.  It was nice to just so easily buy another phone and being able to get it so quickly kept out business going smoothly,

This phone is exactly what i wanted an they even put in a car charger with my order for free. All works great an no problems with anything. I would buy from them again with no second thought. thanks.

Sold working phone.  For our area this is a basis phone and does text and pics great too. I recommend.

Would have been nice to have information with the phone serial numbers for registration.  Had to remove the battery, and find the identification number, which is extremely tiny and hard to read.  Other than that, very happy with purchase

THIS PHONE IS GREAT FOR A  HUSBAND THAT WORKS IN A WAREHOUSE. WE OWN A SEED AND GRAIN CO. SO MY HUSBAND IS IN AND OUT OF THE WAREHOUSE ALL THE TIME. THIS IS THE ONLY PHONE WE HAVE FOUND THAT WILL RECEIVE CALLS WERE EVER HE IS IN THE WAREHOUSE. PLUS IT IS WATER PROOF. MY HUSBAND GOT THE PHONE IN WATER AND IT NEVER STOPPED WORKING. I DIDN'T EVEN HAVE TO PUT IT IN RICE. WE HAVE HAD A BARRAGE PHONE FOR 4 YRS.
