
I bought this phone as a replacement for my HTC One since the screen shattered on that one. I must say that I am greatly disappointed. I can only use this phone on EDGE even though I am paying for 4G speeds with T-Mobile. My coverage where I am is excellent so this should not be the case. If I restart the phone it will start up as 4G but 5 minutes later I am back to EDGE very disappointing.

I Love my  Samsung Galaxy Sll !Great with size and is so easy to use! I would also use future purchases from Device Demon! Wonderful person to purchase from. Very honest, trustworthy and reliable.

the at&t version of the galaxy sii (SGH- i777) is a great phone. It has a 8MP 1080p rear camera with flash, a very crisp, clear, 4.3 inch screen, supports gsm 4G hspa+ and it is very light feeling compared to other cell phones. This is a great phone but I do not recommend buying it for these reasons, the phone is advertised as new but the one I received had a sticker on the model info covering up that it was refurbished, the screen appeared to have scratches or hairline cracks on the underside of the glass, and the Operating system on the phone had been hacked or rooted and I wanted a completely stock phone. I Bought this phone from the seller Cell lounge inc. because they offered fulfillment by Amazon. I returned the phone and bought one from a different listing and different seller that offered fulfillment by amazon, The second phone did appear to be new  but had similar issues with the screen and would not even cut on after an hour of charging, the charging indicator would not even show on the screen. This is a great phone but no matter what is advertised or said or even having amazon handle the order, there is no guarantee you will get what is advertised and I do not recommend buying anything from amazon.

the telephone is fully functional, the battery lasts about 2 days with normal usage, the camera is not as I expected, in the low light photos looks bad even with the flashlight

The product is very good and it has slim and very nice body. I got my phone 5 days back (within  3 days of order) . Phone features looks better than Iphone. Right now I am using prepaid Tmobile sim and its working fine . rt now I am getting Edge network only (very slow) on that. I am stil trying to figure out how I can get 3G from Tmobile on that .I got this phone form "Best Price Phones (Read All Information)" . From seller side I am totally satisfied . He been very supportive from first day of purchasing this phone and I hope he will help me in future also with same way. He provided all information and answer all my queries . I will certainly contact him in case I will requires any other electronic item.Samsung Galaxy S II - Unlocked - AT&T;if anybody knows how to setup 3G tmobile on this phone then please do let me know.

the phone has a damage in the charging connect, i had to buy a desktop charger, I'm not satisfaid with the product.

the person who sold this to me had to take it back.  presumably it was unlocked by att, but tethering remained locked.

I choose this product because of its look, functionality, and compact.This is what every educated person can use, it is friendly in usage.Most of my friends are willing to procure the handset.

its not the newest thing out there... but i have not had any issues with it. I like this phone and maybe one day.. when this is broken i will get another galaxy model.

Phone was in excellent condition. Shipping was FAST!!  When I get ready for my next Samsung I know exactly where to come!!I love this phone:) Great purchase!

its been 6 month but its not working. Its turns black after 15 20 min. Sorry but its not worse 200 .

Item arrived in great condition and operates correctly. The only negative issue is that it appears the phone was &#34;unlocked&#34; by AT&T. I was able to use T-mobile's data network, however, it was only capable of transmitting data on the EDGE network. I ended up just purchasing a plan with AT&T so I could load a webpage quicker than 5 minutes. It was only a minor gripe, and I overlooked it since the phone was priced very low for the condition of the phone.

I love my phone.  Didn't want the Galaxy 3, didn't like the look of it.  Couldn't afford the iPhone 5, but I wanted a smartphone so I can check my email, look up directions, get on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.  There are a lot of pre-installed apps that I love.  Its sleek, with a a nice frame, and I like that it doesn't freeze up.  I dropped it a few times so far no scratches no scrapes.  Overall a really good phone, glad I bought it.

the phone supposed to be a new phone but it is a refurbished phone with a dead battery,no headset,no user guide the charger wasn't even a original samsung charger.When I try to charge the phone it just gets real hot but it don't charge.This is the worst service I ever got from Amazon.I want my money back

good condition according to web offering. I think the battery has some wear and it'll be necessary to change it soon, but is normal conviction

Buy a phone on amazon black Samsung Galaxy II, AT & T GSM. NEW ARTICLE.And I was sent to my country a white Spring phone used and old CDMA technology which does not work in my country Venezuela.when I made the claim on amazon I respond that it's been 30 days and they can not do anything.frequency to reach my country the goods is 40 dayslost all my money because this phone is impossible to work in VenezuelaI also made a claim to reimburse me for the $ 100 price difference between new and used paper and nothing will, also refused

I received my phone and it was on time. Good thing I paid the extra $9 for 1-3 day shipping. It came with the charger. Everything worked great.  Light scratches on the back. It was a used refurbished and it was a bargain.Now time to but a case and headphones.

phone is working proper and i have no problem so far. the phone is in good condition. was a good buy

I have had this phone for quite a while (almost 9 months)and have been more than satisfied!This is the unlocked version (WARNING) but this review is about the phone as a whole.Pros:-Great Battery Life (nearly all day or about 10 hours)-Amazing screen (nice and big but not too big, really good color, absolutely no problems on display whatsoever.)-Comes stock with 16gb of Hard Drive space and doesnt cost you an arm and a leg for more. (also has room for micro SD card extending space to 48gb with a 32gb mSD)-Amazing Camera (8.0 MP)-Very fast processing (smooth interface)-Gorilla Glass, extremely tough screen.-Lots of options in Operating System over some other Android PhonesCons:-Plastic body (not a problem as it is actually quite sturdy) but this makes the phone very tough unlike other glass covered phones.Great Buy but you should probably buy the newer and better version of the Samsung Galaxy S III but if you want this phone because your on a budget by all means go for this amazing phone.

I just got my phone in the mail last night and had it set up within 5 minutes of charging it (thank you SIM card!). I couldn't be happier! Though I've admittedly only had it 1 day, the phone itself is in great condition and works extremely well. The service is hands down SO much better than Sprint. With Sprint, I couldn't get a signal anywhere... not at work, not at home, not on my 1+hr train commute.... for 2 years! With this phone (and the AT&T) network, I'm even able to make calls from elevators!!! I'm so happy and excited that I'm telling everyone I know about it.

I got this used from Good Guys Electronics and when it came it was lose in the box and had no sim! it wasn't in any type of professional boxing it was just sitting in there lose! Got the phone working and about a week later started freezing and wouldn't load games. Called an AT&T Store and told her my number and she said it was a Galaxy s1!! Research it and realized it WAS an s1 and they put an s2 back cover on it!!!!! I Gave up on it and now i have a galaxy s5 and it is the best phone ever! I Would Highly recommend that you do not shop AT THIS STORE AND WE MAKE THEM GO OUT OF BUSINESS!!! Have a good day! :D

Iphone is just overated. This cel phone is waaaay too good for the price you are paying. It run perfect!

I ordered this phone from economic values and they lied about the whole phone.  It was supposed to be unlocked and it wasnt so i had to pay an additional 50 to get it actually unlocked and the the phone actuall had water damage and part of the buttons do not work i would have rather got another phone for the money that i spent on the phone so i would reccomend no one buy a phone from them.

It works fine, came unlocked but i had to fix a problem with the screen and the power button. Im satisfied with the phone, no complaints about it! :)

The seller was VERY helpful and efficient when I had questions about my phone. This phone is working great right now!! It is very light-weight, and the speed is amazing as well! Definitely worth buying.

Phone was ok, but it came in an S3 box, battery didn't work and didn't come with headphones. Overall phone works OK.

When the phone arrived I would not start I had to send it to repair, then neither was charged because he had a problem with the connector. I do not recommend this seller, I really feel ripped off. Unless the year is completely damaged cell. I had to throw it away.

The phone does have an issue after a incoming call the phone goes blank and has to sit for a minute or sometimes I have to cut it completely off

I got my Galaxy SII AT&T recently its a great phone all around. Has great value for money. The features are awesome. The display is great. It runs any video without a hitch

While I'm still learning the device, I must say it is quite versatile and can be a useful tool to anyone, irrespective of your profession or involvement.

I bought the phone because the seller said it was unlocked, then I went to a store to buy a sim card, they said the phone is locked, its asking for a pin code it was not provided also I was not advided from the seller the phone did not come with the charger. I am not satisfied and I am returning the item.

product is not as dicpicted this is straight from china not worth the money. look elsewhere i recommend buying phones in stores and not online.

Well by the price I obtained this phone I know I didn't do a bad purchase, I knew this was a good phone because I have the international version so that's why I bought this one, the one I bought had a lot of scratches in the back but worth it, fast service (it arrived in 4 days).. The thing its that I don't know if I update the software I will lose the unlock but whatever.

Unfortunately tmobile does not provide 3G service for phones tht r not from it's carrier  so if ur planning to use tmobile pre paid service with any phone not from tmobile u won't get 3G. Service

It is a brand new and unlocked AT&T Samsung Galaxy S II i77 as described by the seller Surge Telecom with all necessary accessories. The phone took H+ Digicel Haiti network fresh out the box, very fast phone with a dual core 1.2 Ghz processor, 1GB ram and 16 GB internal memory with dual camera of 8 and 2 MP. I read other reviews on the internet saying that network selection mode was locked in the rom by AT&T but on mine i can select network manually but FM radio has been disabled in the ROM by AT&T  but there are a lot of apps on the android market available for local and online radio stations. The battery is the worst thing of the phone as every smart phones today. This is one of the best smart phone out there if it is not the best, outshine the iphone in term of performance but the iphone has a better battery and a good built quality comparing to the galaxy S II, Which is a plastic phone but has to be due to size and weight.  I left Blackberry 9900 for it, i am a big fan of apple products and owe lots of but decided to try this one instead of getting an iphone and i can tell you this is the best choice, for me this is the best phone out now. Hope that AT7T enables radio FM and come out the ICS update for the phone in the coming days.

Fast,bright phone, not too big for my female hand.Too lightweight of phone therefore I bought at once for it a cover. It is convenient to read books FB2.Well catches wi fi, I watch transfer online.I bought more than six months ago, still all ok! I am happy!

This phone is insane I haven't been able to put it down for the last 6 hours. I am totally mesmerized, Iphone who? cant believe I was considering a new iphone. This is the best of both worlds without the apple BS! that all I have to say. Once u go galaxy u can never go back.

I bought this "unlocked galaxy S II cell phone". First of all it didn't come unlocked, it took 4 days to solve the problem.Now the cell doesn't charge when I plug it nor connects via USB.I went to a Samsung dealer and the result was that the main board contains sulfates (it happens when you got your cell phone wet, the humidity and the electricity create sulfates, that's what they told me I am not an expert). Of course I didn't put the cell phone on water!!!! I am not sure if I received a brand new galaxy s II.Completely disappointed of the galaxy I received.In the other side, I was an iphone user for the last 4 years. What I have seen of the galaxy is amazing, most of the apps I paid for in the appstore are free in the android market, it is bigger in area, but slimmer and lighter.I hope I can solve the issue and enjoy the galaxy.I will write more to tell you how it ends.

ive had this phone for 2 days and have already called at&t customer support center twice because it would not let me make or receive calls or text messages. if you're looking for a new phone I would advise you to look some where else. Very disappointed customer

the phone came with a problem. the phone is not charging the battery and reset over and over again. the battery cover dont fix.

Brand new.....charged for a little while and she powered up and connected without a skip to the AT&T network.  I was a bit leary before ordering, but have to say, now pleased beyond any expectation!  Not a blemish anywhere.

If you are an international client, stop now! don't update to the latest firmware offered by Kies. It will block your phone. I am still working this out now, already contacted the seller.

Greetings friend, my rating is low because as mentioned in the title was buying unlocked phone which was not true, I can not unlock it and thus use up my line network use, purchase this article because it was according notificabas an unlocked phone.

la bacteria se encuentra en mal estado y el equipo tiene un leve golpe en la c&aacute;mara trasera no es lo que imaginaba

I HAVE BOUGHT THIS PHONE BUT I'M NOT TWO MONTHS OR LONGER BATTERY CHARGE WITH EASE, BE TOO HOT PHONE AND VERY SHOCK RAPIDO.SOY OF ECUADOR AND BUY FROM AMAZON NOW WHO DO NOT ASK THE SETTLEMENT RECLARMAR OR MISSING FOR SERIOUS SELLERS.

I bought this for the Simple Mobile monthly phone plan of 40$ a month for unlimited text, phone, and internet. The phone works perfectly with the service. I highly recommend both!

I got this phone and a few months later, it got fried and the screen went black while I was charging it overnight. Amazon wants nothing to do with it and samsung told me they wont cover that "kind of damage ". For the amount of money it cost. This was a total rip off. I still cant believe it.

This is by far the best phone I have owned so far.It's fast and responsive. So far no complaints. Two thumbs up!

I am an international buyer. The shipment arrived in excellent condition but the phone did not work, had the wrong load flex and it was observed that was uncovered and changed this piece, do not recommend this seller. The appearance was good but did not work and the time factor had to repair the phone. Amazon gives the option to send it back but not for personal reasons. I do not recommend this seller, not control their products. A star is a lot.

I thought the seller was genuine and expecting the samsung S2 to be functioning good. I faced lot of problems with the battery. I used to charge at least 5 times a day and got really irritated. Instead of contacting seller I just purchased a new battery thinking it was just a battery problem, but still the problem remained. I tried couple of times again but no use. Either of these problems are not detailed in the specification and I feel I spent 250$ in vain buying products from Amazon. I dint even get the head phones for the S2. I am not satisfied with the service.Sorry for the delay in review and please change review to this. Thanks for reminding by mail about submitting the review.

The mobile came as shown in the images. Works fine. If you use the phone constantly the battery lasts one day approximately. No comes with hands free.

The phone works fine. I just would have prefered all at&t parts were gone and the phone was the same as the european version.

Everything about the phone was perfect except the charging port was broke now I had to buy an outside battery charger and an extra battery for it

En lo que respecta al producto esta en buenas condiciones. Para recivir en destino se demor&oacute; un poco de lo previsto, incluso tuve que ir a retirar en las oficinas de correo.Exelente el celular...

The phone was in decent condition when it arrived.  However, it started malfunctioning within a few weeks of receiving it.  When I inquired on returning the phone for a refund, I was pleasantly surprised by the ease of the return and prompt refund.

Best phone I have ever had! I will never go back to iphone. This phone just has so many great things, I don't know where to start! Very very very please with this phone!
