
I don't know if I was supposed to receive a new phone?I did not receive a new phone. It was an use phone. It didn't even come in a Verizon box. No book no information on the phone.

I've had the original Convoy for a little over two years. Battery life was always very good until the past few months. I figured it just needed a new battery so I ordered a very cheap battery online. That one also did not hold a charge very long so I bought yet another battery and still the battery life was short. So I figured the phone was causing the short battery life (about two days) and I needed to get a new phone.I didn't buy the phone from Amazon but wanted to review it so came here to do so.I've always been pleased with the old Convoy with a few quirks that I didn't like. First I've used it in dirty conditions, also on my boat where my hands were wet, and it has worked flawlessly with the exception of the shorter battery life the past several months. When new I would not have to charge the phone more often than about once a week.The little quirks that I didn't like about the old Convoy were the outside buttons would be depressed in my pocket by something like my keys and it would begin to quietly beep every time I moved my leg. I would find it in some mode like playing music. I wish I could disable the external buttons on the face.The old Convoy was also pretty thick. It was okay in my pocket but thinner would be much appreciated. Also the old Convoy had many raised buttons or button like bumps around the edge. Some were functional buttons like the speakerphone, but others were decorative and added confusion.I didn't expect much because I was just looking to replace my old Convoy with a new one that worked like new. Then I found there was this new model. I read up on it a little bit then ordered it. I am pleased with several aspects of the new Convoy 2.Here is what I like about the new Convoy 2.Pros:- The Convoy 2 is slightly thinner and perhaps slightly lighter than the Convoy 1- I believe the volume is much louder on the Convoy 2 than the Convoy 1- The Convoy 2 has a flash for the camera, but it is easily also used as a flashlight.- The little false buttons on the Convoy 1 have been designed out of the Convoy 2- The Convoy 2 uses a standard USB connector for chargingCons:- Both the Convoy 1 and Convoy 2 are quite thick given the wide variety of phones on the market that have similar features and are much thinner.- Strangely the Convoy 2 does not have the two small slots next to the battery cover to help removing the cover.Don't cares:- The camera. I have used it occasionally but I always carry my iPod Touch 5th gen which I use when I want to take photos or videos.- Push To Talk. It might be useful for those on construction sites but even if I had a PTT partner I find those phones annoying when I hear people using them.- Music app. I use my iPod Touch for music.- Internet features. We have the data plan completely disabled on Verizon so we don't occur any extra data charges.I use the phone for a phone. That's all.I was able to copy contacts from the old phone to the new Convoy 2. They supposedly supply a method to do that but it won't work for use because we have disabled internet access. The Contacts list on the old phone could easily be copied to the microSD card from the Contacts menu. However, strangely, the Contacts menu does not allow one to copy contacts from the microSD card back to the phone! But deep in the menu system I was able to find Settings & Tools -> Memory -> Card Memory -> Move All To Phone. I have the crippled Verizon of the phone with Verizon alterations. I don't know what the phone options are if you are on another system besides Verizon.

This is an awesome phone. I've had mine for two years and it's been through a lot. My son and I both have dropped this phone from high places and he even dropped it in lemonade and most recently the toilet. After a day in a bag of rice, it was good as new.  It has very good reception; I've never had a dropped call. And some will tell you that it's the service and not the phone, but I've had other phones with the same service that dropped calls constantly. I thought it wouldn't recover from the last drop in water, so I got a new phone. Ended up getting a smartphone, but when my contract is up, or if my smart phone dies unexpectedly, I will get another convoy. That smart phone has big shoes to fill.

The phone has a memory card capability to it and it uses the same charger as most current phone and even the Kindle. Some models I have been told comes with either the camera or not.

This is a rugged phone with some problems that the previous version did not have: the ability to lock the front keypad and the automated "In a meeting" text response.  There is a software update to address these problems which I installed. This marginally improved the lock button function but it's far from perfect. You must depress the lock button, wait for the message 'External Keys Locked' and then continue to wait for the front display to go completely dark before holstering the phone. If you don't wait, the phone will dial out or turn the flashlight on. The "In a meeting" automated reply seems to have been addressed in the software update but it still happens occasionally.

I purchased this phone as &#34;new&#34; simply because I did not want to buy a used phone and have issues with it. It was completely defective and would not even program properly, so I never got to use the phone. It didn't seem to be in original packaging either, but I can't say either way. The only positive thing I can say is that the seller was very understanding and apologetic and gave me a full refund.

My fiance wanted something simple and easy to use.  This phone has proven to be the perfect one for him he likes it.

Delivery was speedy. Phone was the same model I was replacing (due to my carelessness) and, while not as nice as my new one, is acceptable for the price. Just has some dings & scratches. Works fine so far.

I lost my last phone by having it slip out of my pocket and into the 2&#34; of water I was trying to pump out of my parents home after heavy rains.  That was the last straw after dropping the phone many times before.  This seems sturdy and it is simple.  I am not a complicated gadget person.  I like to make calls, have the ability to take a photo and have a variety of fun yet simple ring tones.  This phone does that.  There seems to be a little bit of a delay after I press buttons- I would like it to be a bit quicker, but a fair trade for something that will take my clumsiness.

I bought this phone to replace an older Convoy with which I was generally satisfied although it started having internal problems after about 2 years.This one not only developed similar problems in about half a year (battery life shortened greatly -- new battery didn't help) but added another problem (cracked external screen) and exaggerated another (external buttons too easily activated.)  The screen crack was caused by sharing a pocket with keys and it may just be luck that the first one didn't crack from the same reason.  The external buttons are too easily activated (including the "lock-unlock external keys" one)and this results in excessive use of battery and unintended annoying sounds/messages. The protective case I bought didn't help this much.I need just a basic phone with GOOD durability and resistance to various forms of minor abuse.  I can't do the physical work I do well if I have to pay frequent and careful attention to babying a phone.  It goes in a front pocket and is sometimes accompanied by other hard items -- usually keys.  All the fancy extras and features matter little if it can't do its primary function -- hassle-free phone calls -- well.  I didn't rate it one star because it does have good sound.

I like it. I had a convoy before and liked it enough to get the 2 version...Very pleased.Thanks,Ann Runions

was on chrysler Uconnect list but did not have android platform required, to pair and rec calls and texts via radion incall on voice command

We received the phone in excellent condition as we expected.  It was very easy to activate and is working fine

Was very pleased with the phone I received and the price was great.  Glad I was able to find on line

Love it , the battery life lasts longer than my smart phone. A good little second phone to own and use

purchased this phone for my son  - its a little bit bigger than a regular flip phonebut it is very durable and has great battery life, has some nice features and also a flashlight.great phone for a guy who just wants a rugged phone, and is not into iphones ...very much a manly phone.

The original Convoy served me well. As I dropped it a few times, I realized it really is not a rugged phone like the old Boulder I still have for a backup. Liking the better camera I checked w/ Verizon and the price was too high for the Convoy 2, which led me going through Amazon listings. I was surprised to get one that looked and operated like new. Delivery was swift-and well protected.

This phone is exactly what someone needs if they are hard on phones. This phone is shock resistant, dust and water resistant! The speaker phone is really loud and the numbers are large and view-able. One of the best things about this phone is that the battery will last a couple days without charging it! I love this phone!

Nothing fancy but exactly what I paid for so I like it. Got it on time as well.

PTT FAILS constantly. Battery good and the phone does seem rugged. Would by again for ruggedness alone. These flip phones are becoming rare.

phone came in good condition. My husband gets frustrated with the text format, but that is not the phone's fault!

The Samsung Convoy 2 from Verizon meets military specs-which means it works great for those of us with arthritis in the hands.  Other phones with a touch screen are too slippery for me to handle and the buttons on other phones are too small.  This phone has large buttons and grips well when you are searching for it in your bag.  You can't "butt dial" or take pictures of your steering wheel which happens with other phones, either.  I like the voice call feature, too, as I don't text and drive.  I have dropped it a few times with no harm done!  The only thing that bugs me is the volume on the side which is too easy to accidentally turn up or down.  If you don't have arthritis get the fancy phone-if you do, this phone is for you.

Phone works like a charm. Deliever was insanely quick. This company's customer service is 100% satisfaction. I am extremely satisfied.

Good Phone thanks :) it works great and was a much cheaper price than Verizon wanted for the same phone..

What's Not to like about this phone? I got a New up grade,Because my old trusty alltel was getting shut down Very soon by Version. So it was time Version wireless inside of Walmart did me fine,Only paid 1.10 with tax,and Got the $30.00 up grade fee waived! Version has Been Really good to me. I pay my bill on time Every month,and They have never failed to not wanna work with me,Got the texting also.The phone talks when a call's coming in,got the old style bell phone ring,and it vib's. Even though it's only been a month couldn't be happier.Very low key,and simple Basic that's PERFECT for me.  heavy/sturdy. AGAIN What's not to like about it.

It was everything I expected. It works very well it conneted to my service right away,and it does a gould job.

Its just a phone have not had it long enough to make too many judgements. Needed blue tooth for my hearing that was good, still as simple as I like it, I don't like a lot of bells and whistles

Easy to recharge: same connector as Kindle Paperwhite.Less camera features than original: lacks zoom and contrast/brightness adjustment.Battery life unimpressive: Convoy good first few months, Convoy 2 okay, not great.Sound quality and volume are good: about the same as original.Beeps and reacts when in my pocket: to stop it,turn it off.

This is a rugged phone and has stood up to being dropped several times so far. I bought this phone to replace an identical one that the screen had cracked (and not yet time for upgrade) so you could not see who was calling, pictures or text! My husband does not like smart phones so this is great for him. If you like flip phones this is a great phone to have.

My old Alltell phone finally broke, but i'm not quite ready for a smartphone. But, I didn't want to use my free upgrade from Verizon on a flip phone, so I bought this used one. It was in great condition as described, no problem getting it activated, and arrived promptly. I'm all set now. In fact, i'm going back to buy a Casio flip for my husband - thanks!

Convoy-1 was a rugged phone with buttons a calloused finger could actually feel. It can survived drops and bumps and will sustain a charge. Aside from a very weak camera, it was a good flip phone. The battery is very reliable.Convoy-2 never got close. The camera is better but the buttons are recessed so the finger of a working hand struggles to identify what it seeks. Games you could download onto Convoy-1, are not available. The alarm clock fails at least one in every every 5 times it comes around. The battery is fairly reliable.Anyone who liked the Convoy-1 should not expect the same from the Convoy-2. Samsung had a winner for the working person but turned it into a wimp. I hate saying this because I loved my Convoy-1... and am very disappointed in the Convoy-2. I will not take a chance on the Convoy-3.Verizon will not fully back this item. If your Convoy-2 fails, you will get a re-manufactured model in its place, which solves none of the problems. When this contract ends, I will ask my family to find another server.

I got the Package today in the mail only to find just a charger and a battery. NO PHONE! So Mad!

Husband loves his reconditioned phone and the price is right especially when he goes through cell phones like nobody's business

this phone is easy to use, compact and very affordable.  Both me and my wife have this phone and are really happy with it.

Thoughts buttons would be a little bigger. Very easy to use for my dad who has large fingers and just needs a simple phone.

This phone has everything a person needs to get by.. The person my kids bought it for has about as much money as BILL GATES but is a tight wadd. He had busted his phone and was trying to get buy instead of buying a new one he had purchase about 3 different used ones that all took a poop onl him. My kids put there money together to buy him this one and the day before we recieved this one, The guy comes from town with a brand new phone.....

This phone is awful. Sends texts that you didn't write, it pocket dials constantly. If you have over 10 messages in the inbox, you won't recieve any further texts. it's rugged, but that's about all it's good for. had mine for about 2 months and it barely holds a charge.

Great phone. Large buttons and easy to use. Recommend it to anyone who needs a rugged easy to use basic phone

My wife and I have each used these phones for over 2 years now.Mine has been dropped, kicked, and generally abused and still works great.I recently purchased &#34;2&#34; more for my mother and brother.

Appears nearly new. Phone functions completely as expected. Battery already had nearly a full charge. No issues activating the phone. Never needed to call Verizon.

My other convoy broke 2 months before my upgrade. I bought this phone used, through Amazon and it came faster than they said it would. The condition of the new, used phone was better than I expected.

After considering several alternative models, I bought the Samsung Convoy 2 in July.  I selected the phone because it was advertised as "built to strict military specs to resist almost anything you can throw at it - shock, extreme temperatures, dust, humidity and more." A little over a month after I bought it, I pulled it out of my pocket to discover that the outside screen was displaying a yellow-orange blob, making most of the display unreadable.  Samsung customer support told me to send the phone in for warranty repair, which I did.Two weeks later I received an email from Samsung customer support claiming the phone is "Out of Warranty" and I would need to pay Samsung three times what I paid for it to have the phone repaired.  The Samsung customer service rep told me that the advertisement on samsung.com was really a third party, and these claims they are making don't apply to the whole phone, as the advertisement says.  The warranty doesn't cover anything that happens to the phone (anything you can throw at it - shock, extreme temperatures, dust, humidity and more).  In other words, even under normal usage, Samsung is unwilling to honor its one year warranty.Besides the poor reliability, it has some annoying design flaws. The phone doesn't allow you to immediately lock the external keys automatically, so I've sent a few annoying pocket texts and have the phone continuously beeping in my pocket because they don't lock out right away. The texting is kind of jumpy - the response time for hitting some keys is slower than for others keys. Mildly annoying. The calendar erase functions are poorly designed such that you don't know if you are erasing all the events on a particular day or for all days. I accidentally blew away all my appointments because of this design flaw.There are better choices out there.  Avoid this phone.

This is the basic phone offered by Version.  Its awful.Signal is often not good in areas my old Motorola Verizon was just fine.I never pairs quickly in the car.  I often have to pair it manually.  Never had this problem with my previous phone.The navigation buttons cant decide to navigate or perform enter.There is only a Master volume.  No individual volumes for specifically the alarm.While using it in the car, my end drops words out frequently so the other end cant understand me.Also he outside button disable doesnt work.  Every time I grab it it changes he volume.And everytime I open it I can advertisements.  Im going to reactive my old beat up Motorola with the broken window.Again performance was great with the Version Motorola phone and I dont get all the advertisement crap.

im having a lot of problems with this keeps cutting off on I have to keep taking the battery out and back in so it wiil power back up not happy...

I really like this phone for my purposes.  It is very easy to use and very durable.  I lost my last phone so I got a new case that should serve me better

Best flip-phone I ever owned. Nothing fancy but very functional and built like a brick house. Has all the features I will ever need and then some... great for taking calls outdoors. Keeps the noise down in the wind and I can read messages in bright sunlight. It has large screens for excellent visual effects and a good clear speaker for listening over background noise.

A good basic phone. I previously rated this phone poorly, but found that my usage of it needed education and improving. Now that I've learned to use it, I like it. Has a handy Micro SD card slot which holds a good deal of music and photos. The music can be downloaded from a PC, and the photos uploaded to it. The camera is not near-professional quality but is pretty good, expecially if the photos are touched up in a Photoshop type program. Shoots videos also. Drawback: the camera and video controls and responses are a little slow. Altogether, for those who want to avoid smartphones, this is a good basic phone with a few smartphone-type features.

The only good thing I can say about this piece of garbage is that it keeps it's charge.  But what good is that when it's sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo slow.  The button response is horrible.  Beware if you plan on texting with this gem.  It's keypad response is so frickin slow!  And I'm 55!!!!  You may as well use smoke signals!  Even placing a call can be arduous with this slowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww piece-o-crap.  When I can, I'm getting another phone, certainly not this piece of garbage.

First I had a Convoy, then a Convoy 2 and then another Convoy 2.  The Convoy bit the dust about 13 months after I got it.  Then the Convoy 2 went out after about 14 months. Now the next Convoy 2 went out at 4 months old.  ON two of the occasions I was told  they were not under warranty because it was not a mfr defect but they said it was water damage and corrosive.  HUH??? The phone is either in the house on the desk (charging) or in a special place in the car.  We don't walk around with the phone like many folks, doesn't even really get exposed to air much less water.  So when the second quit and we sent it in I got an e mail again that I am being charge $99  (I had insurance on this one with a $99 deductible they said) because there is water damage and corrosive.  After checking the internet I see many many folks in this same boat including some with Samsung Droids (i.e. Galaxy).  In any case we are at our wits end.  Don't know what to do. Have written to Samsung (no response yet) but I do believe any future phone will not be a Samsung.  Not sure if other makes are doing this but I know for a fact this phone is.Follow Up.  I put a similar review on Verizon Wirelss for this phone.  I just received notice that my review does not meet their "criteria" for publishing on their site.Guess the truth hurts!!

This is an awesome little phone.  Bought one awhile back for my moms first cell phone.  Liked it so much, gave up my smart phone for one.  Have purchased two of them.  No problems with either of them.

My husband has this phone and recommends it highly. He liked the original Convoy a lot, but thought a better quality camera and one with flash would be nice since he takes a lot of pictures. It's perfect for someone who needs a solid phone with good battery life and a decent quality camera.

Phone arrived in perfect shape....works as expected.  Was purchased for an employee and he has not complained so all is good!

I drove over my Convoy 2 yesterday with a Nissan Maxima while working on a car...it looked pathetically squished laying there on the pavement.  I tried to turn it on with no luck.  I gave it to my 16 month old grandson to play with and after a while I heard the "vibrate" buzz and it turned on!  The round magnet on the phone case was driven into the front clock display, cracking it and put a permanent psychadelic pattern in it.  The rest of the phone works perfectly, however!!!  I'm now hoping to keep it until my Verizon plan allows me to upgrade.It's bulky, but a tough little guy!!

First off the phone is not the best of shape. The charger that would fit this phone does not. The cover for the charger area on the phone is gone. The information given for this phone should be ashamed of there like brand new description. Really dissatisfied and will have to purchase a charger for this phone to even work. Will probably not even use this phone and will give to charity.

Great phone hardware wise, rugged and tough, the flashlight option is the best part of the phone. The buttons on the front and side stick out too far and it continually beeps at you as the buttons inadvertently get pressed and if you use a holster style holder like I do it will drive you crazy. I ended up making plastic pieces the same height as the buttons to go around them and gluing them on so they only get pressed when I deliberately press them. Ringer is loud which is a good option when you work in a noisy enviorment.Software wise it sucks! Especially the texting function, even just simple texting will test your patience. Occasionally the phone will alert me that I missed a call but it never rang, I don't know whether to blame the phone or Verizon for the calls that don't ring. Battery life is good if it doesn't have to keep searching for service, I can go up to 5 days on a charge but I don't use any Internet or music functions either. If Samsung would only update the software for this unit and fire the guy that did the current programing it would be an awesome phone.

This is a perfect basic phone for people looking for something else besides smartphones. Love the options you can get with using the three front keys. I would recommend this phone

I'm still getting used to it.  I was previously T-Mobile and the phone is quite different. I like that I can block certain phone numbers from calling.

The phone operates great, it was a replacement for one I cracked the screen on. It was missing the cover for the charger port, but I was able to use the damaged phones cover, problem solved... Phone is very rugged, but not indestructible.

It was everything I expected. Love this phone very durrable. it has been dropped a lot and still works love it.

Awesome!

When this phone was released I was hoping for an upgraded version of my beloved Convoy; but the so-called "improvements" are not worth the "flash" about it. I didn't realize a flash player and flashlight would tax the other features the Convoy1 had(such as the internal memory,music player and the sturdy flip hinge).The more I used the Convoy2, the more I hated it.1. The first thing I noticed was the weak flip hinge. If you pick up a Convoy2 carelessly the phone falls open.The Convoy stays closed no matter how you pick it up.2. The internal memory is pathetic. I kept getting memory alerts on accepting text or pic messages; "insufficient memory cannot load music"; "delete files"; etc. There was a 16GB micro card in it,too.The Convoy has great memory without a micro card.3. You would think that files and data on a micro sd card would transfer from phone A1 to phone A2, correct? NO THEY DON"T! The Convoy2 couldn't detect any photos, pics or ringtones on the card at all.The Convoy read pics and music on a micro card from my LG Swift. Not even the same maker. How about that?Overall, the Convoy U660 is a lousy phone without comparing it to the first version due to the flip hinge and memory. Needless to say, I switched back to and still use my Convoy U640!

the phone I got was a little more scratched then I thought it would be but the main problem I had with it is that it wasn't even cleaned up. it still had sticky hand prints all over it. realy?

If you want a basic cell phone that also takes pics, texts, wakes you up in the mornings, alerts you when to take your meds. plus provides a handy calender, calculator, stop watch, and voice activated....This is the phone for you.

I am very pleased with this phone.  My vehicle has sync and this phone is one of the few that is totally compatible with my ride.  Awesome!

&#34;I purchased this item & got it pretty quickly & have had it since Nov 4th. It has been a very good phone & was just like the one I lost so I was familiar as to how it works. It was as described w/some scratches but it's functionality has been superb. I'm very happy w/the purchase & would buy from this seller again!!!&#34;

This is a very good phone if you do not want a data plan/phone.The phone has very good sound and charging qualities.

This phone won't stop beeping and changing the external settings while carrying it in my pocket. The ring volume  changes It's settings on it's own. And Verizon and Samsung tell me that's the way it is. Why can't we set it and forget it? I've read comments from two years ago and people were complaining about it then. I tried a Samsung smart phone and I had to return it because it was like having a hyperactive child. Features are nice if they don't get in the way of making a simple phone call.

The phone was exactly as advertised.  Shipping was fast, it was easy to activate and my wife is very happy.  It replaces the one she took swimming.

The price was just below what I expected I paid low cost and the phone was in great condition I love it

Great basic phone that can still be purchased w/o having to add a data conract. Tough phone as it's been dropped several times and shows no physical damage and phone still works. Nice size, fits easily in hand and pocket. On speaker and normal use when volume is turned up to max the sound may loose some clarity but I'm sure that one may be related to other background noise and user voice. I'd buy this phone again. Actually I did, this was a replacement for same phone that went thru the washing machine.

allthough i did not buy this phone from this site im glad i did not this is the bigest piece of junk as soon as i installed my sd card it deleted all my photos and music the external buttens dont work right and every time it powers down it delets all contacts not to mention  the 3g alert that keeps saying its out of service and wont let me use it as long as the alert is on the screen do not buy this phone

the only problem was trhat the mic is not so clear but with a bluetooth or earpiece it works fine

This phone is not that good as described by Samsung.  In fact I hate it!  It's side buttons are so sensitive that when answering calls I always accidentally press some buttons that cut-off callers.  I really regret it.  I should have listened to the customers'  negative reviews not the sellers' specs and descriptions.  Again, I hate this phone - I just did not have time to return it.  I will be in agony for a couple of years.Addendum: Feb 3, 2014.  This Samsung just died on me while I was away from home. It has still 3/4 charged about an hour ago.  But when I tried to make a call, the phone was dead. Even how much I tried.  I tried charging it in my car, nada.  When I came home I chatted with Verizon rep  to activate my old Casio phone. I tried at home with original charger but no result. On the 3rd day I was about to go to Verizon Corporate store for it to be examined but when I flipped the phone,  it was on.  This was the second time it happened.  The first one took only a day to get it working.  I thought it was just an error on my part. But no, this phone is junk.  So to those who intend to buy this phone, please beware!

my Verizon cell phone goes straight to voice mailand despite Verizon efforts on phone and in storephone still did that, plus Verizon said I had towait 4 months for new phone, so I ordered this one...I had a  question for  the vendor which he answeredright way-since I have Verizon, the U 640 I hadthe charger etc-just needed the phone--this camein nice box with battery and charger so I have it activate andam using it now-highly highly recommend

I glad i can replace my sons broken phones with used one, that are in good working order. He has a real problem with working in construction to keep them from getting damaged.

Works as well as the original I bought and dropped in water. A new one would have been too much to pay for again

yes I like my Convoy.  A few more surface blemishes than I had hoped for but very functional.  I think it will serve me well.

After researching and finding this to have great reviews we purchased 26 Convoy 2 phones for our company.  We needed the PTT (push to talk) service which limited our options.  The original purchase was in April 2012.  I waited to place this review until I could truly see how these phones worked.  Every single employee that has one of these phones has complained about it.  The "durablility" of this phone is inaccurate.Many of the our phones have the "thumb print" discoloration on the outside screen as I see others have had as well.  This is just an annoyance and did not hinder the use of the phone unless using the PTT service, which of course is what our guys use 90% of the time. When using the PTT it is difficult to understand the person speaking at times.  The alert sound for PTT is also very low and cannot be set for volume AND vibrate.  This is a negative when someone is running machinery and cannot hear their phone.  Even if it is in their pocket or cliped on their belt, it doesn't vibrate for them to be aware of the call.I have had several phones with speaker problems.  People not being able to hear one person at all, yet that person can hear others fine.The joint is sturdy, so far only a couple have had issues with them.  Only one in which the phone came apart.There have been battery issues as well.  The manufactuer did not have replacements even while the phones were still under warranty.  I had to wait for over six months for a replacement battery for one phone.  Samsung did not supply any to Verizon nor did they have any in stock.  When one finally was available, I had to get it directly from Samsung who said that if there was damage on the one being returned we would have to pay for it.  This was poor customer service.  I will give the representatives at Verizon a good review though.  Every rep that I spoke with did a great job trying to solve the issues.  It is with the phone.We will be replacing these phones as needed with a better PTT phone.  This is definately not "military" quality.

This U660 replaced an older U640. The 660 does not have the same &#34;rugged&#34; feel of the earlier model, lacking the rubberized coating and heft. I will be very surprised if the newer model has anywhere near the lifespan of the U640.

I bought a used Convoy 2, and am thrilled beyond words. it looks better then advertized and functions perfectly. I wouldn't hesitate buying another product from this Company !
