
buy this iphone that was refurbished ... factory unlocked and was saying that you could use with any carrier but the software update you now I do not recognize the sim card ... that could not be ... probably have to pay to unlock it again ... I think they should say that customers ... Broadly, the phone is very well ... regards

The speaker`s phone is damaged... i hear but the people don't hear me and not recharge the battery normally. Very disconcerted

Works wonderful, it is factory unlocked not Jailbroken and also works with any international carrier outside of the US.  It had minor scratches but it was mentioned in the description.

I bought this for overseas use. Box said it worked only with AT&T;, presumably only in the US, so I flipped out, as there is no such mention on the product description! But the seller said it was unlocked by AT&T;, so I called apple and they verified that it was in fact unlocked. And that it needed a "restore" using iTunes. I can't do that rihht now, as it appears I need a SIM to do that, so I will do that when get a SIM after I get overseas.UPDATE: the phone worked fine overseas in Asia. They didn't even have to do a "restore".

this is my second iphone and i love it, its a great smartphone, i love the color. totally happy and glad

it came refurbished but in plastic wrapper did not look factory done! i hv problems with the connection most of the time and is tremendously slow . i just dont hv the time to return it .brgdseag

Great Product! Does what it says and worked fabulously from the start. I am with T-mobile and had no problems getting this phone to work. It is a little slow due to t-mobile 3g, but not unbearable. All I had to do is take it in to my mobile store and get the mini-card (For free) and it was working immediately.

I bought it for my mom a few weeks ago and she absolutely loves it. Everyone in the family is now team iPhone!

exlente team, but came with a small bump on the bottom right that was not described in the product information. In everything else I have no complaints.

It is working perfect, Looks great and everything is highly good. I recommend it because it is a good product, and sold by a nice seller.

I ordered this phone for my teenage daughter she absolutely loves it I cant get her off of it, I am very satisfied with my purchase

I got what i paid for. It was just what they said it would be. Also they threw in a case i wasn't expecting.

I got my new iphone so quickly and its looks brand new and works like it was new. I love it! It was in perfect condition.

The product has been received in perfect conditions and works great. It is exactly as it was described. Fully satisfied.

I ordered this phone almost a month ago, I received it on time but I could not get it to work with my T-Mobile sim card, even though the phone was unlocked.I was without a phone for almost a week because I had to get a new sim card that was smaller than the one that was originally in my old phone. The whole week I had it I was in contact with the seller who were very helpful in trying to help me figure out why it wasn't working and tips to get it to. I even took it to the T-Mobile store and dropped it in the parking lot and cracked the back, they couldn't help me either. So finally I went to a place locally to see if they could help me, they checked this website that tells you if your iPhone is black listed or not. It was and so that was my phone was not working because when they're blacklisted it blocks the phone from reading any sim card. So I bought an unlocked iPhone from the company here and the company I bought this phone from accepted the phone back, even with the cracked back. I can't be angry with them because they were so helpful and so kind. But like any electronics, I don't think I will ever purchase something like this online again.

The phone was everything it was advertised to be but I wound up returning it because it did not work well with my carrier.  I use T-Mobile and apparently T-M and iPhones don't play nice together.  I did some research and discovered I was not the only one with that problem.

I bought this phone in September (I think) and right now it is still functioning perfectly. Plus, the seller answered all my questions promptly and efficiently before I ordered.  It was a great purchase.  :)

the product is with at&t i was buying a unlock phone. the iPhone was used not new and he sale in new items

I have never owned an apple product and I was really impressed with it. It was used and it had an itty bitty ding on the edge of it but you have to consider that when it's used. It works and does the job and I really like and would recommend buying used to anyone considering a smart phone but doesn't want to pay full price yet!

It so amazing! I just absolutely love it! It's everything I ever wanted, all my hard work payed off! :)

excelent

DO NOT BUY UNLOCKED IPHONE OFF THE INTERNET! When I bought mine the data never worked I called my carrier and apple. apple got it working for a few days then my data was gone again. Finally after taking it to Radio Shack the guy told me iPhones are being sold online that the data will never work on. I was not the first customer with this issue. He told me it didn't matter what carrier I used it was the iPhone that had the problem. Apple got it working those few days until their systems Flagged it and turned it off. This purchase was a nice waste of money. To be on the safe side I would spend the extra money to purchase one in the store or from someone you know.

Me encanto el telefono,las condiciones fisicas del telefono fueron exactamente a las que hacia referencia el vendedor excelente proveedor bello el telefono de hecho,voy hacerle otra compra lo recomiendo 100% confiable

It is not unlock, and I do not know who can unlock it... the seller said it was unlock...I should not have trusted and should just bought an ipod touch.

The description clearly said  it was unlocked , but is locked to AT&T, very disappointed, was a gift to my daughter, now I gotta re-order, and next time will definitely read the reviews, very bad reviews from this guys!

This seller got the iphone here a week before it was even supposed to maybe come. the iphone was said to be &#34;like new&#34; and it it perfect. I would believe that it is a brand new iphone. This seller was really impressive, and I definitely would recommend this seller to other people.

I got all it said on the package. It was as I expected. I am enjoying my phone a lot.

After 5 days using the phone the battery broke. Other than that is ok Delivery was on time and it was in his original box with accessories

This was exactly as described a GSM iPhone. When I got it I looked at it and there were a few scratches but nothing major. Its looks like a new phone and it functions well and I'm loving this phone.

Ordered for a new IPHONE 4 unlocked, but received the piece locked to ATT. Box was open. There were some bad reviews(similar reviews) for the product and ordered it irrespective of that.  I did not want to go thru all the pain of unlocking it, so decided to return the phone. I got this for a friend who is traveling back home(international travel) next week, so we did not want to risk his mobile connectivity.First bad experience with Amazon.Called Apple Support to find more details and they confirmed the phone had never been activated and its still under warranty.  They asked me to contact ATT to unlock the phone. There were no scratches with the phone even though the box was open.  Apple support guy also mentioned ATT might be able to unlock the phone without a fees.Try to get an unlocked phone from a more reliable seller. I got it from Gadget Negotiators, I checked their feedback before the purchase and they had a 5 out of 5.

I received the product before estimated delivery date. I wanted an unlocked version of iphone. I wasn't sure that i will really get unlocked version and a new phone. But it is and I am satisfied with my purchase.

The phone that I received was not factory unlocked.  How can this be resolved and what is my next step?

the phone was good but the cable charger doesn't fit to the phone, I have to buy one to fit on the phone

Easy to use....  gave it a 4 because I would have preferred the '5' but could not afford it right now.

I purchased an iPhone 4 from this company and everything went well. Fast shipment,great service and excellent communication. I highly recommend them!!

Charger plug was for another market, perhaps Europe. Had to go to the Apple store and buy one, not cheap!

All sim isnt supported. Please try again later or contact customer care. This is Unlock device. I dont now. BAD/

Feliz Muchas Gracias . Dios los bendiga ... Quedo contenta con el iphone y la atencion del vendedor gracias mil gracias

Couldn't use half of what this phone should have been able to do, because there was no instruction manual for it!

The phone was brand new it has a sim card slot, but it is NOT FACTORY UNLOCKED I am very upset because in the description it clearly states that it is. I've spent $255 for thee phone with shipping and delivery brings it up to $300 and to top it off now I have to go and spend over $100 more to get it factory unlocked just for me to be able to use it! Cheaper I bought an iphone right where im from the most I would spend was $300 but aleast i would been able to use it!!! I am pissed!

I don't know I didn't get it in the mail....not sure I hear its a great phone....... my daughter says its a great phone to have and really wants to have one!

Drove me nuts.  Calls dropped...heck, they disappeared!  I'd look at the phone while on a call and there would be a totally different screen!!  Spent way more time charging it than using it.  Upgraded to a 5 and all is well.  Not sure if all this was due to ordering unlocked phone to save $$ - could only get 3G on this 4G phone.

Initially ordered a used Black IPhone 4 16GB, like new, which was received in no time and fit the description exactly. Was intended as a gift, but the recipient actually wanted a white phone. Upon request, seller accepted to exchange it for a white 8GB model which also matched the description and was shipped in no time. Gift recipient changed his mind and finally decided to keep the initial black IPhone 4 16GB. Seller agreed to have the white IPhone returned and fully refunded. I highly recommend Aytamga for great products and customer service!

i bought this phone thinking it was new and is notm the box says "arianna jones daddy loves you" this phone was a gift for someone and it was used it was even registered on app store what a theft dont buy it

ATTENTION BUYERS, PLEASE DNT MAKE SAME MISTAKE LIKE I DID WHEN I BOUGHT AN IPHONE FROM THIS SELLER, HE DECEIVED ME, I BOUGHT AN IPHONE THAT HE DESCRIBE AS UNLOCKED NEVER LOCKED BUT WHAT HE SENT ME WAS A BIG LOCKED, I TRUST HIM BECAUSE WHEN I READ REVIEWS ALL I READ WERE ALL POSITIVE, BUT THIS SELLER HAVE A DOUBLE PERSONALITY, AND WHEN HE SCREWED YOUR HARD WORK MONEY THERE'S NO TURNING BACK, OF COURSE HE PROMISED THAT HE WILL FIX IT BUT ALL PROMISES ARE ALL LIES, AND WHEN I KEEP CONTACTING HIM HE HAVE A LOT OF ALIBIES AND ALL OF A SUDDEN HE'S BIGGEST ALIBI WAS WHEN HE LIED THAT THE PHONE WAS NOT FROM HIM... SO PLEASE THERE'S A LOT OF GOOD SELLER RIGHT THERE, AVOID THIS SELLER BECAUSE THERE;S A BIG POSSIBILTY THAT YOU WILL BECOME HIS VICTIM AS WELL... IF THERE'S ONLY A NEGATIVE STAR RATING I WILL GAVE HIM A THOUSAND TIMES NEGATIVE RATING BECAUSE ALL THE PAIN, DISAPPOINTMENT HE CAUSED ME AND MY NIECE ARE PRICELESS...

Good phone but it is not brand new sealed box as listed. It comes in open box and phone already had screen protectors on.

It was what it was described to be. I wasn't disappointed with the product nor was it something different than described.

I live in Venezuela, buy equipment since said &#34;factory released&#34; I could use the computer, I lost my money by misleading advertising Tablet ... what a disappointment! los he contactado y no me han prestado ningun servicio..

The seller is a cheat,He sold a broken and an old cell phone to me,a second-hand one (as long as nearly two years),The fact is very clear,(after buying we learnt from the IEME number,the iphone 4 was actived long time age,but he is still denying it.

Soy de Venezuela y el tel&eacute;fono trabaja muy bien es liberado agarra se&ntilde;al con cualquier compa&ntilde;&iacute;a yo lo tengo digitel y funciona de lo mejor con 3G es el mejor tel&eacute;fono

they said it is brand new but it used. and has many defect in it's application because it not original it seem is some one steal it and install it. the voice is not work. really it the worst dell i have ever with amazon.

Good one,  very good  product and reached on time. I like it and I am looking for the next generation

works just fine. no problems. will be purchasing again really soooon!way better than my windows phone i was using -- blah

the phone sucked from the get go. now, roughly 30 days later the damned thing doesn't even work. the company hasn't gotten back to us about the problem. at first the phone would shut off after a few minutes use, with a full charge no less, and then it wouldn't turn back on unless you put it on the charger, after which, the damned thing would say that the battery was dead...charged full...6mins later, dead? WTF, this was a CRAPPY purchase.

While the product does the job as it's intended for. I was very irritated that the phone I ordered was supposed to be an unlocked iPhone. It was not. I couldn't upgrade the product. It had been flashed to T-Mobile. Since when did T-Mobile carry iPhones before 2013? They didn't. I'm furious. I was scammed. Won't be buying from amazon again.

if i buy this will this work with t-moblie? will there be any thing i need to know before buying it?

product came in time for my daughters birthday i was happy with the phone an so was my daughter except the home button didnt work but got it fixed

it was on time and very good i bought it for my sister and she loved it but she said it has an facebook account on it it should be new but other than that it was awesome .

And arrived damaged and this month warranty expired. I live in Venezuela.! not know how we could do. was pending

It arrived here quickly exactly how it was said in the description. i was a little worried about buying a used phone but it was in great condition and works perfectly.

It is a gift for my sister.  I was told that its working alright.  It is as good as new when I got it.

Generally, the iPhone 4 is great: unlocked, GSM network. The only thing I disappointed is that the iPhone is a UAE model, so the FaceTime is disable -- this is not as advertised on the website that 'facetime video calling' is available.

Absolutely fantastic! I absolutely LOVE it.It is exactly wht was shown in the picture.It was such a pleasure to receive exactly on the date as stated!

Got this product from Blutekusa and later realized that it does not support Facetime! Called the Apple helpline and went to the Apple store and they told me that this product was developed without the Facetime feature and there's no way you can install it on the phone. Was very disappointed. Called the seller but refused to answer any questions as the product was more than 30 days old.

is totally not what i ordered, is an iphone 4 BLACK and not unlocked!! and the description said white and unlocked

my phone was not unlocked now i have to jump through hoops wouldnt be such a bad review if i didnt spend over 300 dollars

The accessories provided with the product dont work and look fake to me.  I did not realize that I was buying a used product to begin with.

When I received my iphone, It was not sealed, it was open only, but while ordering it mentioned sealed. Disappointing and batery is also not durable, if its full charge then I can able to use only 2-3 hrs. Please guide how can I return this product.

Was very disappointed in the seller. I searched for a while to see who I would choose. The seller was new & I decided to give them a shot, well needless to say after a month my product never arrived. From now on I deal with only reputable sellers with a rating of 95 & about. After playing email games with this seller I began to notice the ratings got lower & lower & I knew I had made a huge mistake with the one I picked.

I like the phone a lot. You can barely see the little cosmetic injury. Only one major problem with the sims card I had to get a new one the old one was invalid.

Is really beautifull, and so far i don't have any problem with it. The only thing is the "clip" that is for pull out the chip wasn't in the box. Is really beautifull, and so far i don't have any problem with it. The only thing is the "clip" that is for pull out the chip wasn't in the box

My little sister always wanted an iPhone, so I brought her the iPhone 4 and she really loves the phone.
