
This is a review of my transition from my Lg EnV3 and Palm TX pda to a HTC RezoundA lot of other people have said this is a great media phone and they are right. The Sense interface is smooth and friendly. What this review is going to focus on is my transition from my `dumb' Lg EnV3 and Palm TX pda. I also listen to many podcast from my phone so I will cover that later.Easy one first I used this Companion Link software: Sync Android with Palm Desktop - Sync contacts, calendar and tasks -- CompanionLink Software. You can get a 14 day trial version. That worked well for the calendar, even the repeat items. The contacts not so well. Everybody I had ever sent an email to became a new entry. So then I went into Google contacts selected all and unchecked the ones I recognized. So 325 contacts to 100, not bad. Time spent: 60 mins.The Pocket Informant program is good replacement for the Palm calendar. It interacts with native calendar seamlessly.The next one was to link LG contacts to Google. When I added Verizon backup assistant; I had now sometimes up to 3 of the same person now in the phone. Contacts now totaled over 150. Now log into Verizon backup assistant and cross reference the entry's to the Google contacts list. This was painful; the backup assistant only had about 70% of the contacts in the phone. So then I had to go into the phone itself and cross reference the entry's. This probably took 4 hours a course of a week. Now I have 127 accurate contacts with no duplicates.Pictures were easy, just cut and paste them to the new picture folder. Videos were converted to a MP4 format, with the help of a free converter. The voice memos were able to be read by the Rezound. [On a side note I found a program convert them to a wav format vs a qcp format, I will do this later.]Next was what to do with the Memos, I researched different programs. Then it hit me, just use Google Docs. It worked great. Able to edit on a computer and able to also sync and read/modify from the phone. Time spent: 60 mins to copy them all over.Next was music and podcasts. I set up Google Music for cloud storage of music. The only problem with Google Music is that I have had a lot of buffering or unable to play issues. I am going to call that one Google growing pains and temporary. Google Listen was a new pod-catcher that you can set up with Google reader. Listen lets you stream the shows to the phone without copying the files first to a SD card. [What I did for years] Time spent: 60 mins to set up Google reader.As for the battery life; I have found turning off 3/4G and using Wi-Fi when available makes a huge difference in battery life. If you have to use 3/4G, use only 4G when necessary. I installed a program called LTE switch to toggle 3/4G. With 4G off that also makes big difference in life. Most of the time Wi-Fi is as fast as 4G, so with the much greater battery life makes it an easy decision which one to use.SwiftKey X is quite helpful for typing on the phone. Electrodroid is a neat electronics guide. It has info on resistors, LEDs, pin outs and the like. Rainy days is a great app for Radar and the weather. As for games Train connector 2, Where's the water, Reckless getaway, and Alchemy classic are good for a look.It took a week but now everything is all linked together.

I got the phone yesterday and I am fairly impressed so far.  Within a few minutes of unboxing I had it hooked to the computer for the root process.  I am unimpressed with the current root process.  It took about an hour and a half and was semi labor intensive.  For those of you who root your phones do not attempt to flash an ICS ROM yet if this is going to be your daily phone.  They are not ready to be stable daily ROMs yet.Battery Life:I lose about 10% an hour of normal use.  This means it should last about ten hours.  I definitely recommend getting extra batteries and an external battery charger available on amazon for about 25$ for two batteries and charger.Screen: Brilliant...it is responsive, bright, and clear.4G is ridiculously fast.  It is currently running faster than my Verizon Fios Wifi!!Will update review once I have had it longer.

Phone has issues, even with ICS. Specifically:1) Screen goes blank on call...it is supposed to in order to save battery...but it is supposed to come back on when you hold phone horizontal so you can key voice mail passwords, turn on the speaker, etc. It is REALLY finicky and will stay blank. Touching the screen does not wake it up. Pressing the top button will, but then the phone is locked and you have to slide the ring up...and the screen winks out again! Changing the display settings does not help.2) Data goes out. Just goes out. I'm in the middle of San Diego. Happens anywhere. No voice commands, no email, nothing. Verizon said to turn off WiFi because phone is not smart enough to "switch" to mobile data on its own when you are out of range. I turn it off, and it improves, but still is not reliable.3) Voice commands. They don't work when data is unavailable. Why not??? They did on my old ClamShell phones in hands free mode! Furthermore, my old clamshell did not confuse calling a contact with calling someplace across the world. I'm convinced Google has some priority logrhythm for ad revenue...and it interferes with calling your contacts. So probably not a phone issue. Tried a friends Iphone...it doesn't work much better. Stick to ClamShell phones?????

I really, really wanted to like this phone since we got it when Verizon was having a promotion and it was only $79.  I just can't, though.  It's not a horrible phone; the call quality is great and the audio is wonderful, and the screen is bright and vivid.  But that is where it ends.  The battery is HORRIBLE.  My two year old Incredible still lasts me through the day with battery to spare as long as I don't use it heavily, but this phone often didn't.  In the week I had it it died on me more than my Incredible has in the last 6 months.  And yes, we turned off the 4G and turned down the settings, and it still didn't last.  And that is without making any calls and spending maybe a half hour to an hour online. And no, it's not a defective phone; my husband also "upgraded" to the Rezound and his has the same flaws.To be fair, we live in a rural area so the phone does have to struggle to hold the signal, I am sure in a downtown area it would be better, but the bottom line for me is that my 2 year old (original to the phone) battery, which is also in a smart phone, lasts longer.  The only way to make it last as long as the Incredible is to turn the settings down so far that I can't even maintain a 3G signal at my house. Along those same lines, while the 3G is faster in town, at home the 3G on my Incredible is faster and more reliable.All I can ask is why??  Why, HTC and Verizon, is my 2 year old phone a better phone than this?  Oh sure, the graphics are better, the sound quality is better, but for actual functionality, my Incredible is the better phone.  I will admit that the Rezound has a slightly stronger signal, which at a rural location is helpful, but the battery and  the horrid 3G speeds (it takes several minutes to load a MOBILE webpage) outweighed any boost in signal strength.  Why are you giving us only surface improvements while taking away basic functionality??To sum up, I am sure it would be a perfectly acceptable phone in an more populated area, but being in a rural area it's flaws are readily apparent; my 2 year old phone has better battery and faster 3G.  I made myself use this phone for a week to give it a chance to change my mind, but it's going back today. What does it say that my phone is 2 years old and has a smaller, less vivid screen, and I was relieved to turn it back on?I sincerely hope Verizon and HTC are going to start producing more and better phones - this was your flagship phone for what, 8 months, and the battery doesn't last through the day?  Give me a break!

I really wanted to stick with the Rezound, but I'm moving away from it after a combination of poor service from HTC and some chronic problems with the hardware itself.  I've had four examples of this model, starting with a new one just a month after they came out.  Three rebuilt examples later, and I've really lost faith in the model, not just the specific piece of hardware.There are software design and component problems that make this a weak, unreliable model.I had hoped the change from the "Gingerbread" operating system to "Ice Cream Sandwich" would have fixed issues that include jamming up, high battery consumption, loss of orientation, loss of signal coordination between 3G and 4G, and mysterious, sporadic slowdowns in getting from one function to another, random among functions.But ICS did not help.One reason I wanted to keep the Rezound, and gave HTC four tries, was a very good camera app that permits a wide range of user inputs with settings that are remembered between sessions. WONDERFUL.Another reason is the swappable battery. I have the factory extended case and high-capacity battery.  I've learned how to conserve power consumption through various settings, such as by going to 3G/CDMA only when I don't need 4G speeds, turning off wi-fi, and not using bluetooth.  At times, without rhyme nor reason, I get many times the usual battery life, under identical operating conditions as far as I can tell.The screen is great.  The resolution and brightness among the best.  The glass seems to be ruggedized, like "Gorilla" glass by Corning, but I was very disappointed to find out too late that the cover over the forward facing camera lens is PLASTIC. One of them scratched, another one showed scuff marks from ordinary use.  I have a sleeve and belt clip but it was not adequate protection.I've tentatively gone over to the Motorola Razr Maxx.  The video resolution is better, with bitrates in the 15,000 range rather than the 9,000 seen at best on the HTC. I don't like the Motorola's camera interface.  Won't remember settings, and no touch-to-focus on video.  Blunt, crude adjustment for exposure rather than the refined Rezound UI.The Maxx's battery life is equal to the extended battery of the Rezound.  I happen to like the bulk of the Rezound with extended housing, and I don't like the grip I get on the Maxx. Too thin for my hands.The Rezound has never been promoted/marketed by Verizon to the extent of other smartphones the company offers.  I think the reason for that might be the company's own lack of faith in the HTC from reliability problems I and others have reported.Too bad.  I really like the HTC when it works.  I cannot have a phone that randomly craps out, at times needing a factory reset with a loss of all downloaded apps, all email accounts, all settings, and any video/images that may mistakenly have gone to the phone instead of the microSD card.That reminds me to say I like the Maxx's covered door to remove the microSD without having to pull off a cover in the HTC.  Has anyone here had their microSD fly out of the phone when you slide it out??? Uh-HA !  Me too.  Keep your thumb on it as it comes out of the slot.And I should note that the extended factory cover, which contains all the antennas, does NOT have a very firm grip on the mainframe.  The outer sleeve I have is probably the only thing holding the back cover in place reliably during occasional bumps and rough handling. I've refrained from using my spare extended battery and/or removing my microSD card because I don't want to wear out the marginal tangs that sit in the mainframe groove.The micro-USB cable is an HTC variation on micro-USB seen throughout the smartphone world.  It has additional flanges that provide mechanical strength, and I hope other makers adopt the design. Contradicting another review on here, CONVENTIONAL micro-USB chargers and feed cables WILL fit and the ReZound recognizes them when connected to a freestanding control computer.  Using a laptop or desktop, and having the Rezound in "disc drive" mode is how I work-around the problem of an inconvenient microSD card.But because of the overall reliability issue, and the short time between failures, I have to conclude Too Bad, HTC, I gave you the best chance I could afford.

I just upgraded my phone and my wife's phone after about four years.  I just received the new Nexus and the Rezound in the mail.  I am going to write a detailed review some time later but I just had to put my phones aside for now to write this: Rezound is about a hundred times sexier than Nexus.  Look wise, there is no contest.  Rezound wins hands down.  About the features, I will have to get back in a few days.thanks

I was holding out for the GNEX, but after so many delays & all the positive reviews on the Rezound, I decided to buy this.  Plus the GNEX's hardware is nothing spectacular, especially the 5mp camera, except for the ICS software.  But according to Verizon & HTC, the Rezound will be getting the ICS upgrade early 12'.  This phone actually feels heavy(in a good way) & well made compared to the Moto Razr.  Its also don't feel cheap like the GNEX, according to expert reviews.  The 1.5 gh processor is very snappy & smooth, when switching from diff apps.  The display is crazy sharp & the camera is just as good as the iphone 4S if not better.  The Beats audio feature is very noticeable & very good & going from 3G to 4G LTE is like going from day to night.Pros:  Outstanding 720p screenCamera1.5 ghz Powerful processor4G LTEBeats Audio & headphonesCons:  Poor batt, poor batt & poor batt.  $300/on contract

The good: sharp and bright screen, refined sound, speed, the feel in my hand, and... the screen! This phone is just beautiful!! Especially comparing to others (can't remember their names, samsung?). Sense presentation is totally amazing: flawless animation, artsy, yet practical with numerous brilliant little ideas. No other launcher comes close. Having using it for a week now, this phone totally grows on me. Plus, the battery life is fair (7am - 11pm daily, med usage).The bad: Not a world phone. Could use a larger battery (more is better).Edit 11/24/11: Root! :)Edit 12/10/11: Sorry, no root yet... the battery performance is getting better. greater than 24hrs per charge with med-low usages.

Switched to a Rezound from a Bionic. So far, I am mightily impressed. Even with the battery life, I'd recommend this phone to anybody.Pros: Display is simply put, amazing. May not be AMOLED, but wow, it's still impressive. Even in sunlight, it's crystal clear and sharp.Speed: I'm new to Sense, but I noticed no lag time flipping through the various screens. Zips right along. With a 1.5 dual-core, it better. And it does.Call quality: No problems here. Could hear callers with no problems. And I've had not one complain about my end.Size, feel, and design: I've read reviews where people commented about the weight of the Rezound. Said it was too big. I disagree. It feels solid in the hand, but not weighty. And I love the design. The rubberized backing is a plus, imo. Love the red and black colors.Camera: Amazing. No shutter lag. At all. The Bionic camera was awful, even after the update. My husband has an I-phone and I was jealous at how much better that camera was. I no longer have that envy. I have sooo upgraded! Takes great pictures. Nice and crisp.4G: Gets amazing speeds. I occasionally drop into 3G at home, but Verizon just turned on 4G near my home, so I can't complain. At work, I stay in 4G all day. Download speeds are awesome.Beats headphones: These things are great. Comfortable in the ear and they sound great. It really didn't factor in my decision when choosing this phone, but I'm glad they came with it after trying them out.CONS:The power button: I find it to be too flush. I am finding myself having to actually use my fingernail to engage it.Home button lighting: Due to the light sensor, they don't always come on. I wish HTC had an option to always have them lit and have them turn off after 30 seconds or so if not in use. Or something like that.Battery: I guess I can't complain too much, as I get about 11-12 hours before the warning comes on, but I still wish they put a bigger battery in it. That is with decent usage (emailing, FB, Twitter, internet, downloading) Oh well, I'll probably either buy another regular battery or just get an extended one. I think you really should be able to get at least a full day on a battery.Bloatware: Verizon's fault. I have no problem with them putting software on the phone, but I think it's ridiculous that you can't remove what you don't want. Thankfully, I hear the bootloader is unlocked to where you can make said changes. I just need to learn how to do it!

I am adding a few comments to my review from before. I loved this phone but soon after had major software issues. I got a replacement one and once again the same problems. This phone is junk unless your some nerd that knows all about programing. I went back to my iphone. After 4 droids in the past year Im done with that.I am changing my review from glowing to not so much. After 6 weeks my phone has had a software crash, and I do mean crash. I am having to order a new one as it refuses to sync to my work email after I had to do a hard reset to fix a rebooting issue it was having. I missed the exchange date by 1 day or Id have gone back to apple. This is the 3rd droid phone Ive had problems with this year alone.Like many I was waiting and hoping Apple would bring us a new iphone to market. After our collective disappointment I struggled to find a new droid that I felt comfortable with. Having been an iphone user for 3 years, then a droid x for 1, I knew I wanted a 4g device that wasn't going to be completely out of date a few months after its release. I was tempted by the Moto Razr but after all the issues Ive had with my X I had to pass. I ended up stumbling over this phone and have been totally blown away. This is by far the best phone on the market right now. The display is simply amazing and the only one Ive seen that actually looks better than the iphones!Call quality thus far has been perfect though the speaker phone could be louder. The software and processor speeds have been nothing short of amazing and it actually has me catching up to it which is a nice change from dealing with a phone that would just suddenly shut off all the time. The phone is about the same size as the original 3g iphone I had and is very well built in my opinion. Its easy to handle and so far I am very happy with my purchase.I have to mention the camera. Without question the best Ive ever tried on a smart phone. Takes crystal clear pics with near no shutter delay.The one thing I was worried about was the battery life. Ive had it going at a high rate of usage now since 6:45 this morning. Its 3 o'clock and Ive got 20% left. Keep in mind though Ive had about 30 downloads today, been running on 4g, and have had several phone calls. Ive heard if you let it run all the way down, then charge back up, it tends to last a bit longer. Under normal use Id guess I could go 12 hrs before a charge from what Ive seen today. Im still learning and tweaking it so I will update once I figure it all out.

I've had my Rezound for a week now and the phone is pretty remarkable and it exceeds my expectations compared to my old Droid X.  The speed and the display are the differences I have seen so far.  I do miss the dedicated camera button but I guess I will get use to the one on the touch screen.  One issue I found in setting up my email and Facebook accounts are the birthdays that are pulled from my Facebook account are one day off.  This I find very strange, all of the birthdays are the day before the actual birthdays listed in Facebook.  I hope HTC and Facebook can get this issue resolved and corrected in a future update.  Like everyone else the battery life is short, but not all the bad.  I guess we all need solar panels on our heads to keep our batteries charged up.  And in closing I do miss my charging cradle that when the phone is turned horizontal with the alarm clock and weather while charging, but it may have one and I haven't gotten that far yet.

How is it that a cell phone with "Beats by Dre" has sound issues? I ordered the phone when Amazon was having the $0.01 Black Friday sale and thought I got a great price. Well, the phone is great, as long as I'm not using it as a phone!Some of my simple apps, such as Scrabble do not work properly on this phone. (I see 6 Scrabble boards at the same time instead of just one) Ironically enough, I also have to restart the Amazon cloud player more often than I did with my Thunderbolt. My biggest problem with this phone is when I try to use it as a phone the sound comes out with a lot of static. It sounds like the speaker for the ear part has been blown out.That being said, this phone is worlds lighter and the screen is better than the Thunderbolt. But, if it doesn't do it`s primary job properly, its not gonna work. I called customer service and told them that Droid-Life.com has reported that this is a common issue with the Rezound. I really don't want to go through this again, so I called customer support to try to exchange it. NOPE, no such luck. They'll replace it with another Rezsound. Darn! Hopefully Rezound #2 works better than Rezound #1.

My first Rezound was great for about two months until it started losing the data connection completely all day long and locking up every time a call came in. The only way to get it working again was to remove the battery. I returned that one for a "like new" refurbished piece of junk and had problems with the same data connection issue as well as a few new ones. My third Rezound was also buggy and had to be returned. The last one had problems with its settings. It never saved the settings as I chose them and regularly thought it was in a completely different city and state than it actually was. Do yourself a favor and avoid this piece of crap. I used to love HTC after having the Incredible for two years, but now I wouldn't buy an HTC product on a dare.

I bought this phone as an upgrade to my Droid X (over the Razr).  The deciding factors for me were the size, screen and camera of the device .  I actually prefer the slightly thicker (we are talking 0.5 an inch) and narrower device.  The screens were not noticeably different but I found text to be more crisp on the Rezound.  The cameras were both much snappier than my old X, but HTC has better embedded camera tools.  I have camera 360 on my X and was assuming I would use it on the new phone but the HTC software is great.  Also I was a bit concerned about the non-removable battery on the Razr -- one of my biggest gripes with Apple devices.  I will say I miss some of the functions available on the Motorola and am still having to work my way around the new phone after a week of use (ex. no embedded battery indicator and strange voice dial).The battery life is less on this device than the Droid X but not enough to matter to me.  I charge overnight and usually during the day I will sync with my computer or plug into the car charger for about an hour -- I have never gotten below a 40% charge.  Loving the 4G speeds and the ability to use the device easily with one hand.I would definitely recommend this.

I bought my Rezound knowing what i was getting, one of the most powerful phones on the market ( i could get into the spec, but you probably know them already), so here is my experiences with one week using the Rezound:Wow! this thing is fast, beautiful, and.......fully charged the battery won't last more than 8 hours ( using it for youtube, music, apps, some web browsing). however, that's pretty much the only problem i have with my rezound.So, if you are planing on getting this phone, you should know that battery is pretty bad; however, that is pretty much the only bad thing to say about this phone.

I used to find it difficult to truly hate a product. That changed when I got my Rezound.The display specs look great on paper, but this phone's battery usage is HORRIFICALLY ABYSMAL. I'm part of a family plan, and compared to a Razr, an iPhone 4S, and a Droid 3,...well...there is no comparison. The rest of my family cannot begin to understand what it's like to deal with battery problems. It's not just a faulty battery - I spent $40 on an extended HTC Rezound battery and it still under performs. Half the time I plug it in to an AC outlet to charge (and I've confirmed that the phone is in AC charging mode), I get a message that the phone is using more current than what it's getting from the charge. This is blatant malarkey. You're telling me that it is not reasonable to surf Facebook while a smart phone recharges? Wow, just wow. I've done the research online. Power problems run rampant on this model. It's not worth getting a replacement phone through Verizon because 1.) the cost of replacement and 2.) it'll be the same crappy phone.I also frequently encounter an annoying bug that happens during phone conversations. The phone will lock during the call, I hit the top button to unlock it, swipe it to unlock, and then the screen goes black again. Wash, rinse, repeat, you can't do anything on the phone including end the call until you take the battery out. The screen also goes black often while navigating phone system menus. It's better just to use a different phone if you have to make a call like that.This phone disappoints in all areas because as great as the display might look, or as cool as the case might look, or as good as the Beatz may sound, power usage issues trump all. This one experience is so bad that I am now resolved to never buy an HTC phone again.BUY SOMETHING ELSE. Seriously. I'm a techie, and have been professionally for a decade. Enough to know that this phone is not worth your money, even at a discounted price. I paid $70 for mine, not counting the $40 for the extended battery, and I feel like anything over $20 total would have been unfair based on the phone's performance. And don't think for a second that you might enjoy this phone with a standard battery. Add $40 to the purchase price, because that's what you'll be paying for eventually.

First, I am a very particular about my phone, so I shopped around for quite some time.  I finally decided to try the HTC Rezound and I am more than pleased!  This phone does everything that I want a phone to do.....and more.  The speed of the phone and the 4G LTE on Verizon is amazing!  It is so fast that I cancelled my slow T-Mobile Internet and I now use my Rezound as a hotspot for my entire home!  Amazon Wireless was also very helpful with my purchase.  If you are thinking about a Rezound, buy it,  you won't be sorry!

I recently upgraded from the HTC Eris to the HTC Rezound and have been quite pleased so far.I've been a fan of HTC after having dropped my Eris onto concrete or asphalt from chest height on multiple occasions (yes, I'm prone to dropping things).  My Eris has some interesting scratches and gouges along the corners but this has never affected the performance; HTC phones are built well.The best HTC tumble to date has got to be the most recent: an HTC Thunderbolt belonging to my wife that hopped down half a flight of uncarpeted stairs into 2" of water while on hold with my homeowner's insurance agent.Mercifully, the rear door and battery sprung out during the tumble before landing in the drink, but after drying out on top the Keurig for a couple hours, the battery was placed back in and she started right up.  My wife says this is why we can't have nice things but I think I just need a lanyard or something.Granted, my experience with phones is rather limited but I'm a rather picky person (so I've been told).  This phone has lived up to every demand I've made of it other than battery life.From a full charge, my Rezound will last to about the end of a 10 hour workday with about 20% charge left. I typically check my email, fact-check BS from various co-workers on Google or play Words with Friends throughout the day, culminating in roughly 60-100 minutes.I guess considering with the snappy 1.5Ghz dual-core processor, 720p 4.3" screen and 1GB RAM, this is not completely unreasonable.  However, I have noticed I can extend run-time if I opt for WiFi when available.  WiFi is actually easier on the battery than 3G (and especially 4G), so if your Rezound pesters you to run it when free access is abound, let it.My only suggestion to anyone planning to use this phone for extended periods  away from an outlet is to purchase a portable charger, such as those from New Trent.My pocketable New Trent IMP99D cahrger (9,900 Mah) allows me to completely charge my Rezound 4 times before needing a recharge. Or for those who travel, this means at least 7 hours of NetFlix or HBO-go streaming video on 4G.Though not the lightest or thinnest phone out there running 4G, the Rezound impresses me something fierce!

I've had my Rezound for about a week now and this phone is amazing. I work at the 3rd largest National Cemetery in the US and often time more than not, it's a requirement to take a photo of a marker or monument. This phone has so far filled the ticket on every task I've asked of it. The photo's are clean, when it takes a picture of a shadow you get a shadow, not noise like most phones do. The battery life is great full day no charges, however I'm going to buy another to keep just incase. The sound on it is so much better, most songs you just listen too with the Rezound you can actually feel it. Haven't tried the ear buds that came with it, but I'm a headphones gal never did like ear buds much. Easy to setup and personalize, love the animated weather and of course the big display clock. This is a great phone, if your looking for a touchscreen with Droid OS and a hearty dual processor... Rezounf is for you!

This phone is not as good as it seems to be. I've had it for almost 3 months, and just yesterday it kept restarting itself. Luckily, technology is advanced enough for us to search the answers on the web. Had to take out the sim card and enter a series of numbers then put it back in for it to work again. So my advice to you is to keep researching phones. I wish I would have gotten the Nexus but oh well.

If it worked, I would have very nice things to say about this phone. Unfortunately, it is clear that this product was released before the User Interface was ready. Here is a list of the issues I dealt with (and I know from my on-line research others have faced as well).Mail client does not sync with my gmail account. I can get new emails on the phone for example, but what I delete will not delete on my gmail. Suddenly I can get text messages, but none I write will go out. When a caller hangs up, my screen goes dark, but I can't get it to light back up--yet it is still on. I try turning it on and off, nothing. Sometimes it will come back on after a few minutes, sometimes I have to open the back and pull out the battery and restart. Data network cannot be accessed, or is stuck in 1g or 3g. I have to reboot to fix. I lose all service. Then I turn off to fix. Then the phone power cycles, turning off and on over and over endlessly. The first time the only way to fix this was to do a hard reset and I lost everything. The next time I insisted on a new phone, but since have had all the other problems listed above.In addition, the phone makes having a 4g network a joke. I mean, no exaggeration, the battery is good for about 2 hours using 4g... so what is the point?! this is the first 4g phone I have had, so I don't know if other phones are better at handling it. The 4g was never very snappy either. In fact, I often had problems getting consistent data connections, even when I knew I was in a good coverage area. So whether that is the phone or Verizon I cannot say. I can say I could care less about 4g based on my experience.You can read other critiques of the phone in general reviews. I noticed a lot of Verizon sales guys were buying this phone. The stats on it read great, but in practice, this was a disappointment. The headphones are great though. Either Verizon is going to now give me a new phone or I will cancel with Verizon and go to Sprint.

I will NEVER purchase an HTC phone again after using the Rezound. EVER.The only good thing about my purchase is that I bought the phone through Amazon Wireless, so I paid $150 instead of the $300 that Verizon wanted. That is the ONLY saving grace.The phone is an example of HTC's lack of integrity and care about its customers after the phone has been purchased.I say "lack of integrity" because the HTC Rezound was advertised as an audio device, but the audio does not work properly. After about a week of using the phone, a static sound suddenly pervaded my headphones, even when the music app was not in use. In addition, whenever the screen was one, a high-pitched whining sound began to interfere. It's a dreadfully annoying sound. It was not the headphones - I tried those out with other devices, and those are decent. I also tried to use the phone's music apps in the car and the static and whining noises were there, EVEN WHEN NO MUSIC APPS WERE IN USE. I am on my second Rezound right now (had to get a refurbished one, due to the audio issues, a reboot loop in which the phone got stuck, and the phone's stubborn refusal to send me notifications when I received new mail) and I still have the same audio issues. Essentially, the phone as advertised as a fantastic music device, but it's just a piece of crap probably made with cheap parts without enough testing.Next, I say "lack of care" for several reasons. One, because users who purchased the Rezound were promised an update to Ice Cream Sandwich "VERY SOON." I purchased the phone in December of 2011 and we have yet to receive that update. Two, I have called HTC many times about the issue of the audio issues (mentioned above). I was told by a customer service rep that the issue was not common, but that it was logged in their system on December 27th, 2011 and that a software update was on its way to fix it. Have we received this update yet? NO. And in doing my internet research, I found the issue to be VERY common.Of course, I see that HTC as now come out with a new phone called the One, which comes with Beats Audio for all apps (on the Rezound it only works with the stock music app). It seems to be the new and improved Rezound, which sucks in so many ways. It also seems to be HTC's way of saying "Yeah, we're going to pretend that the abomination that was the Rezound didn't happen and we're going to ignore all the customers who purchased it, who are now f****d til the next upgrade in their contract."Oh, and the reboot loop? That still happens on my refurbished phone. It's easy enough to fix it - there are YouTube videos and websites and all that - but the point is that shouldn't happen, certainly not as frequently as it does.Is the internet fast? Sure. Does the camera take nice shots? Yes. But so does that of nearly every other standard Smartphone on the market. My boyfriend has a Motorola Razr, which works beautifully. My old Motorola Droid (original) worked beautifully as well; it was two years old before it gave me any serious problems. Bottom line - I think the Rezound was merely a sly test run for the new HTC One, and that's not fair to customers, because the company is not taking care of people they screwed over with it. My next upgrade is probably April 2013, and I will DEFINITELY not be purchasing HTC.

I've had this phone for about 3 weeks now and have run it through the ringer.  I have owned all the earlier 4G/LTE phones: Samsung Charge, LG Revolution, and Motorola Bionic, in that order.  The Charge was a decent phone with a few bugs - probably because it was the 1st one on the market.  The Revolution was slower in processing speed and would hang up now and then.  The Bionic was the worst phone ever!  I could hardly keep a data signal on it!!  I had dozens of calls with customer service and tech support, where they tried all sorts of things and even did a few factory resets.  As far as replacements, we started with replacing the SIM card, then I had 2 replacement handsets and each had the same problem.  Then the saving grace, which I was holding out for, was a significant software release.  The result: still a phone that all I could do was make calls on, and the volume was poor.  I could have gotten a free feature phone instead and probably would have been happier.  Verizon offered to replace it with a phone due to my good standing having been a customer for over 12 years, 5 lines, always pay on-time, unlimited data plan, etc.The phone I selected:  the HTC Rezound.  I couldn't be happier!  I compared just about everything with the Bionic which I kept concurrently for a couple of weeks to compare.  Connectivity on the Rezound was superb!  The data signal was 2nd to none, as I had 4G at home where it had always been hit and miss.  The download speeds at work approach 30 Mbps and upload is around 15 Mbps - blazing fast!!  The sounds is great on both the earpiece and speakerphone.  In fact I have to keep the earpiece volume at about 1/2 way most of the time; and for soft spoken people I always have plenty of headroom if I need it.  The call quality is great - most people don't even know I'm on a cell phone.  The HTC interface is also great.  I do like the Go Launcher home interface more, but most other apps are stock: calendar, email, text, browser, and more.I am an extremely satisfied cell phone customer once more as a result of my new HTC Rezound.  Excellent phone with excellent service!  And speed that no one else comes close to.  I also love the Android Market with countless useful apps to help me be more productive.  I would highly recommend the HTC Rezound on the VZW network.

I've actually stated on very many occasions that I LOVE this phone. I've it for nearly a year now and my only issue is the battery life and sometimes, during heavy use, it does get hot, I do admit that the phone numbers for incoming calls are desperately small, so figuring out who's calling can be quite difficult. But the caller ID picture is quite large, so I've input recognizable pictures for  those people in my phone book which helps me see who it is while in the car. If the person isn't a contact, and the call comes while I'm driving, the call can usually wait until I'm stationary or out of the car to return the call. I love that I have been able to fully customize virtually every feature of this, making my life with this phone, particularly when I'm in the car, incredibly helpful. Unlike most smartphones on the market you don't answer or open the phone by swiping a horizontal tab across the bottom of the screen, which always seems to be hard to reach, again, especially in the car, you flip a ring in that's nearly 1/4&#34; above the screen base with your thumb either to the right or to the left and answer the call that way. It's very easy and you can do it with one hand.I will be leaving Verizon soon and really lament the idea that I'll be leaving this phone, as well. I only hope that the features of my next phone are competitive with this one.Lastly, it is the coolest looking phone out there. It's got a nice, large face, but the back has an interesting molded design which helps a great deal for holding the phone securely. In 10 months I think that the Rezound has only slipped out of my hands, well, never.

I love technology! And I was really looking forward to recieving this phone which is why I am taking a second to compose a review. I did a lot of research and saw only good/glowing reviews of this phone so I was looking forward to a long and happy romance with it.It was quickly shipped by Amazon at a great price-149.00. Unfortunately, out of the box the 4G sim card was defective so it wouldn't activate. I took it in to Verizon corporate store (after a few phone calls to Amazon and conferenced in with Verizon tech support-both very helpful)and that allowed the phone to begin working. Even the best relationships can start off with a few bumps right?After using it about 45 min it became noticably hot to the touch. And not because I was feeling so passionately about the camera(which I loved). Of course this was after I left the store (30 miles from my home). I also had issues with it dropping from 3G to 1G service when my husband's "dumb phone" had a steady 4 bars. This continued at home with the phone on the dresser not moving-what?? Never had service issues with my previous Droid and Droid 2 at home or around town. After digging around on Rezound formats I discovered the overheating and service drop outs are being reported by others.With just the wireless running I could see it's lovely, crips, screen in action but it blanked out to a white screen a few times and lost wireless signal too.This is also a known problem.Coincidentally I also have my mother's phone (also ordered from Amazon)having the same issues with 3G to 1G or just no G service.Amazon folks were very helpful but it's time to part company with both phones. The bloom is off the rose. I am now skeptical of the build quality and felt others might want to be on the look out for problems. After 14 days you no longer get a new phone, so dont dismiss problems. Just my thoughts as I reflect on what might have been....

Pro : I love this phone. I had a samsung continuum which I wanted to throw at the wall every day. Even though I've only had this phone for 3 days, I haven't had any problems with it. The battery life is what I expected it to be. I do use a lot of apps, but it's held up through out the day so far. Its bigger than my samsung, but still small enough to fit into my back pocket . This phone is lightning fast compared to the continuum.Cons: I hate that it doesn't have the option to have everything on vibrate like ringtone and notifications. It'll only vibrate for ringtone, and put everything else on silent. I also tend to take a lot of pictures and I found this phone has no side button for camera so its kinda hard and awkward to take pictures trying to just touch the screen button. Other than those 2 problems, I love it and so glad I spent the money

I've had this phone for about a week now and its been pretty amazing so far. I had been researching Verizon phones for a while and finally decided on the rezound not only because it a nice top tier spec phone, but its getting ICS and also comes with a pretty good headset on top of all that. Okay let me add A little back story on what i researched and what not that helped lead me to my choice. A few phones I looked were the Thunderbolt, Nexus, Razr, iphone. Although one of my main criteria was that the phone have 4g I still considered the Iphone because of its consistency over the years and currently everyone and their mom has one (my family is no exception), But the overall want to test out 4g and not to join the isheep crowd were the deciding factors there. The iphone is pretty solid ~12hr battery life moderate usage great screen, bulky, 8mp camera, has a very fast dual core processor and this nifty thing called siri (yes their are similar things on the andriod market, but stil not as intuitive). Next was the thunderbolt which has been out for a while and has been solid after a few updates and after getting an extended battery, but after my upgrade price i couldn't skip over the rezound which is technically a t-bold 2. I considered the razor more than I truly considered Nexus. I just wasn't sure what was suppose to be so great about the nexus other than the size of the screen and that it had ICS currently oh and only a 5mp camera really? Next the Razr which seemed like a great option till i heard the horror stories of the battery life(which cant be upgrade just like the iphone). Yes, the razr screen is the best super amoled screen on the market with the highest resolution, but the rezound has the same size screen, but a higher PPi(pixel per inch) resolution and the battery could be upgraded. One last thing about the razr although it looks cool and thin it just didnt feel good in my hands I don't have the biggest hands in the world, but it just felt like a toy. okay on to my review of the Rezound.Here will be my categories for review(I'm no expert and just will comment on things I've seen and noticed). Screen, Camera, Headphones, Battery and overall feel. I'm still getting use to sense and the OS. The screen is vivid and doesn't look cartoonish like the the Razr. Like I stated before the Rezound has a ppi rating of around 340 which makes this screen look amazing. It has an 8mp camera and 2mp front facing camera. It has some cool preloaded features and its pretty easy to access with the lock screen. The beats sound awesome even when not using the included beats software, but the only set back is you can only use the beats software with the pre-installed music and video players. That's right no youtube, pandora or anything(hopefully this will be fixed with an update or by rooting). I've been debating between using the extended battery and the regular battery since before i got the phone. I tried using the regular battery for a couple days and I averaged about 8-9 hours of usage on it. that was with moderate internet use and switch between wifi, 4g, and 3g through most of the day. 1 of the days I even listen to music on my phone for about an hour with beats enabled. In the end I decided to go with the extended battery just to have a little more piece of mind and it feels more solid in my hand. it has a really good feel for me its not ridiculously huge, but phones are starting to blur the line between tablet and phone.A few cons I noticednone haha jk~the power and volume buttons are meant to be flush with the phone it adds to the aesthetics, but makes them a little difficult to use.~beats audio only with pre-installed music and video players~lack of aftermarket support (not being an iphone or droid razr this was inevitable)for cases and screen protectors~with the extended battery the speaker phone doesn't work as well because the speaker is on the back and the extended battery makes an air pocket which wasn't there before with the regular battery.If i find the time I will try to update this review after a few more weeks with the Rezound

This phone is a powerful and amazing phone with few shortcomings.  It's blazingly fast running applications and rarely stutters, even with the massive amount of overhead caused by HTC's skin (Sense) and Verizon's bloatware.It's display is brilliant.  A true 720p display, comparable to what you'll find on many plasma TVs and small LCD TVs.  It's very bright, viewable even in sunlight.Unfortunately, it's greatest asset appears to be the cause of its downfall.  The display absolutely obliterates the battery.  When reading Google Reader or using lightweight applications, the phone becomes warm in my hand after a few minutes of casual reading from the display draining the battery so fast.  In five hours of moderate use (reading RSS feeds, sending a text message per hour), half the battery was gone.  The biggest offender?  Over half of the battery drain was from the display.Sound quality on phone calls has been inconsistent.  At times, it is crystal clear.  At other times (with decent signal) it sounds as though the speaker is blown.  Audio through the included headphones is distorted and a buzz comes when plugging the phone into the audio input in my car before audio starts playing.The battery life is poor enough I am considering returning the phone.  I can deal with the audio issues, but the battery is bad enough I will need to carry a spare battery to feel safe.The amazing performance and amazing display are almost enough to tip me in favor of keeping the phone.  We'll see what the Galaxy Nexus looks like on VZW...

This phone was a little bit dissapointing when I first picked it up, but I have since installed the new Sense 3.6/ICS 4.0.3 ROM onto it and now it is INCREDIBLE!! I absolutely love it and am more than satisfied. At first it was sluggish and laggy with poor animations....now it is snappy and beautiful! I highly recommend this device when the OTA ICS comes out (hopefully very soon, according to the sources on the internetz). Get it while it's cheap!

I've had this phone for about a couple of months now; I was excited because this was my first smartphone. At first, I did notice little bugs here or there but it was nothing major. It wasn't anything I couldn't deal with. Maybe that should have been the red flag that sent me packing: the screen freezing and the unlock patterns acting wonky. I just assumed things would get better and the problem would eventually resolve itself.Then today, everything went wrong. I can't receive/send texts or make calls. I actually liked this phone, but I wish I would have known about all of the problems the HTC brand has. The Rezound isn't the only phone in this franchise that has had the same problems I've been faced with; I've been browsing the internet to find a fix for it and its pretty much all of the subsidiaries under this brand that have the same, exact problem only in different levels. Needless to say, this is a brand I won't becoming back to.This was my first smartphone and it has surely left a bad taste in my mouth. I will probably get a Droid next, if I get another smartphone that is.

After having an HTC Incredible for almost 2 years, I had to get the latest HTC phone.  While Beats is just awesome, everything else was just a slight upgrade improvement over the old Incredible 3G phone.  Feels too much like a bigger Incredible but much, much worse battery life.  I guess 4G is really taxing, phone gets really hot during normal use, and battery drain really accelerates when using Google Navigator.  A 20-30 minutes drive with Navigator and it will drain to  shutdown level after having a full charge.  With an attached power cable, the Navigator will drain the battery slower, but also dies eventually because the normal charger current can't sustain the nominal current required for Nav.  One other bad feature is where the phone can be set up to go to 3G mode for power economy automatically, but it does not automatically go back to 4G once fully charged;  I spent over a week wondering why 4G doesn't work anymore.  Lastly, the screen though bigger, it's not big enough to make text anymore readable than the Incredible, I think.I'm thinking of returning this phone since the Nav is my most used app and I can't stand just being able to use it only once a day.  May be ICS will change this, but I doubt it.  Despite what they promised, HTC took almost a year and a half to update the Incredible to Gingerbread so I doubt if they ever get ICS within a few months.

Upgraded from a Droid 1, this is far surpassing my expectations. Scree, is the best to this point of all Verizon phones. Talk quality was great both incoming and outgoing. Beats headphones, meh. But I didn't get it for the headphones. I got it cause it has a GREAT screen,  HTC's sense 3.5, dual core 1.5Ghz processor, etc.

I got this phone after doing a lot of research about the best one to get: the Rezound, the Galaxy Nexus, or the Razr?  After having the Rezound for a while, I'm very happy with my choice.  It's not an absolutely perfect phone- if I could give it 4.5 stars, I would- but I'd recommend the Rezound over its Android competitors in a heartbeat.Here are its advantages:+  The best screen.  This phone simply has a much better screen than the Nexus or the Razr.  It's much sharper and better looking.  Go to the Verizon store, and load up a webpage with small text, zoomed out (the one I use for this test is the New York Times non-mobile homepage).  The Rezound is just much sharper.  The Razr is downright ugly, and the Nexus is pretty good, but not as good as the Rezound.  I'd say this phone has a better screen than any other phone I've seen- it's just like the iPhone's, except much bigger.  And that's exactly what I wanted.+  HTC Sense.  I really like all the features and customizations this has.  I played a bit with the Nexus, and didn't like its look and feel nearly as much.+  Very fast.  No noticeable lag when I do anything.  I just love how fast this phone is.+  Good battery life.  It's a 4g smartphone, so it's not going to last days and days.  But I can get through a day of light use on the standard battery, and that's all I expect.  I also like that the extended battery is so much bigger.  I can almost get through two days on that.  The Nexus's extended battery is much smaller, so it fits in the normal phone back and doesn't require a special backplate, but it doesn't actually extend battery life by much.  The Razr doesn't even let you switch batteries.+  The shape and feel.  I love how this phone feels in my hand.  It's just the right weight, shape, size, and texture.  I know it's thicker than the Nexus and Razr, but I think they're too thin, especially the Razr.  I don't even mind the thickness when the extended battery is on.  The phone also feels very solid and well-built.+  Call quality.  I haven't compared this to the other two phones.  But the call quality is great, and better than my last smartphone.  I'm very happy with it.+  The camera is great.+  The headphones and Beats sound great.  But I didn't buy this phone for the music, and haven't used the music features much.  I really think HTC should have focused its promotions on its screen, which is better than any other phone that's been released.+  The 4G signal is always very fast, and the GPS is always very accurate and locks on instantly.  I tested the 4G, and compared the speed to wifi on my cable modem.  The 4G is about as fast as my cable internet.+  No bugs so far.  I know this is a lack of a negative, but it's worth mentioning.  No crashes, weird occurrences, or other problems.Now for the negatives:-  The buttons are kind of hard to press.  HTC should have made them stick out more.  I've gotten used to it, but I still wish they stuck out more.-  It's not going to get the same operating system updates that the Nexus will.  I know it will get an Android 4.0 update sometime next year, but I doubt it will get later updates.  I personally prefer Android 2.3 + HTC Sense to the Nexus's pure Android 4.0.  But I'd really like to see what Sense + Android 4.0, and 4.1, 4.2, and 4.3 will look like.  I hope HTC exceeds my expectations and releases regular and rapid updates.-  The case situation.  Since the extended battery requires a much larger backplate, it can't fit in a regular Otterbox case.  I wish I could use the same case for the phone regardless of which battery is in, but I can't.  I haven't bought any cases yet because I'm not sure what to do.  If you know for sure that you want to buy a case, it might make more sense for you to just buy a second regular battery.  I also wish HTC had found a way to make the extended battery in a different, more irregular shape, so that the extended battery's backplate could stick out a lot less.-  The phone has a lot of Verizon bloatware.  I knew before I bought the phone that it would come with a lot of Verizon software pre-installed that I wouldn't be able to remove.  What I didn't know is that some of that software would run automatically, all the time, and that if I tried to quit the programs with Advanced Task Manager, the programs would just start up again.  This means that some of my phone's memory and performance is being wasted and there's nothing I can do to stop it.  I know I said the phone has no lag, but I'd still like to have every bit of power I can, and not have any wasted on software like Slacker Radio that I can't remove.  (I also know some people root their Android phones to remove this stuff.  I'd rather not have to do so.)-  I know I said I didn't buy this phone for the music.  But when I do use my phone to listen to music, it's usually through Pandora.  The Beats Audio optimizations only work when you're listening through the phone's Music app, which only plays music you store on the phone.  So if you're listening to music through Pandora, or Google Music, or the un-removable Slacker Radio app, you can't use Beats.  Since HTC chose to promote the Beats feature as the phone's number 1 advantage (which I think was a mistake), they should have taken the effort to get this feature right.Overall, I'd very highly recommend this phone to anyone who's considering a Verizon smartphone.  It's not perfect, but I love it.

I had a Droid Incredible for 2 years and held out on buying a new phone. I waited for new options to come out as the Incredible was at the top of the line for awhile.When I started looking at new phones it was between the Rezound, Galaxy Nexus, and the Droid RAZR.I settled on the Rezound for a few reasons, it was the first true HD display, it's processor was faster, I was already used to HTC sense, and the battery was replacable and so was the memory.Overall I am happy with the phone, thought it does tend to glitch on me from time to time (randomly soft reboots, phone doesnt actually turn off). I really like HTC's Sense UI and just felt the RAZR with MotoBlur was clunky, and the GNEX was nice, but felt limited.Speed of this phone is great so no complaints there, only real complaint I have is the thickness, but it is bareable.Overall 4.5 stars and can't wait for HTC to push Ice Cream Sandwhich to the Rezound!

I recently switched from the Droid X to the HTC Rezound and I couldn't be happier. First off the screen is just as a crisp as anything else you can currently get on the market and it shows. HD video streaming over Hulu+ or saved to your phone couldn't look any better. On top of that the phone is a little bulkier than other phones you can get, so if you have bigger hands you will enjoy this phone. It does not currently have Ice Cream Sandwich but it is supposed to be getting it soon.TOP 5 BUYING POINTS1- 4.3" 720p Screen2- Comes with Dr. Dre Beats Headphones. (Retails at $100 separately)3- 8 megapixel rear and 2 megapixel front facing cameras4- Minimal Bloatware5- Ice Cream Sandwich on its wayTOP 3 SELLING POINTS1- Heavier than other phones2- Battery is small (The phone works amazing with the extended battery)3- Otterbox doesn't fit if using extended battery.

I had tons of smartphones, but this one is a dream. Excellent RGB (not pentile!) screen, awesome 4G reception, clear audio with nice basses, superb HTC UI. When Samsung Nexus came out, I thought it should be a good replacement for my Droid Bionic and came to a local Verizon store. I was really disappointed looking at the pentile matrix on Nexus' screen that I already got tired to see every day on my Bionic. Some people just cannot spot the difference, but for those with eyes not only size matters, but quality too. I haven't played with ICS UI much, but my impression about Sense - it's coolest easiest feature richest UI ever made, thanks HTC. Motoblur is a total garbage, thanks Motorola! I didn't buy Nexus and started googling for a device made buy a less greedy manufacturer that doesn't try to reduce costs putting crappy screens and not reliable 4G radios into their phones... and I found HTC Rezound. The Dre headphones are good add-on to the mobile multimedia machine, i didn't expect to have a decent sound quality from any earbuds, but these are fantastic! I would give the phone 6 stars of 5, but Amazon doesn't allow it.

Others who have rated the Rezound high echo my feelings but I do want to make a comment specifically addressing the concerns over the "buttons" on the side and top being to difficult to feel and push.... I upgraded from an HTC Incredible which had similar buttons but they were easier to push.  In particular, I was always accidentally lowering the ringer volume.  It's true that the top button and side rocker buttons are not easy to feel and push when you first get the phone but in the long run you will get used to them and you will be glad they are not easy to accidentally push.

UPDATE: 30-JAN-2012: After 2 months of use, I feel compelled to warn anyone wanting to switch from an iPhone 4 to this device: DONT DO IT.  You dont know what you have till it's gone, to put it simply. As a med student I use my mobile for many tasks and this phone has absolutely fallen flat on its face in so many ways it's impractical to list in an update of a review; let me just say that this phone tends to crash in situations which an iphone handles flawlessly.  Also, the battery..let's not even go there.  In summary, keep the iPhone 4 or treat yourself to a 4S if you can spare the extra bucks (the camera upgrade is totally worth it, I have one now)...You can also experience the Rezound for yourself and obtain a newfound appreciation for your iPhone ;)-------------------------------------original review 4 stars-------------------------------------------------PROSScreen - 720p display lives up to expectations.  Not as a great as the SGS2's screen but very nice overall.  Videos and pics look great although Netflix does looks pixelated even on a good wifi connection.Audio - Beats audio and the included earphones truly give you premium sound with your music and videos.  I'm not an audiophile but I can recognize great audio.Speed - apps/webpages open quickly and multitasking is smooth.  Seems like these new mobile chips are finally living up to the multicore hype.Camera - very nice 8MP camera.  The camera's UI is intuitively designed and the auto-enhance option yields excellent photos. Both picture and video quality can get iffy in low light, though. Front 2MP camera does a nice job as well on Tango.Storage - 32GB of space to start is a thoughtful move on HTC's behalf.CONSBattery - battery life is terrible. Although it can be greatly improved by killing certain tasks, it's unacceptable that the power management of the Rezound is so poor out of the box. A typical charge lasted me about 5hours at first.HTC Sense - this proprietary HTC UI is dated, ugly and takes away from the premium feeling of the phone, in my opinion.  Hopefully with ICS will come a new and improved Sense.Physical Buttons - external power and volume rocker buttons are flush with the frame which becomes annoying after a while.  Sounds like a non-issue at first but you'll see with time.Size - feels bulky and heavy at times

Ok so basically I bought this phone in late February and it has been my first smart phone that I upgraded to. I had a droid a while back but only used it meanwhile I got my replacement blackberry. Coming from a blackberry curve, bold, palm treo 700wx,and some older phones like the Samsung Alias, Env 2 etc.. This phone has a real decent keyboard. Decent is basically the best you can get with ANY smart phone. I downloaded swiftkeyx and I'm a decent texter now. Nothing beats them blackberrys.. Ok I lied, they beat themselves out by not having decent apps.About the phone now.Im no professional reviewer so I'll past a link to a great video about this phone.This phone definitely beats the razr, razr maxx (With its phony battery life), and once it gets Ice Cream Sandwhich all of us rezound users will be in heaven.The beats on this headphones themselves are worth the money. Buy it today!![...]

I was thinking of upgrading to this phone but $658 is alot of money. Is this $199 without Contract? and is this offer available for all verizon customers?

I did my research and narrowed down my choices to LG Spectrum, Motorola RAZR MAXX, and the HTC Rezound.I am very happy with my choice, cnet.com stated that if you're buying a phone for music that this isn't a good reason to buy the Rezound....however, the sound on this phone with the Beats headphones is phenomenal (and I'm a Bose loyalist).  I use Pandora, the provided music player, Sirius/XM, Stitcher, and other audio apps and the sound is great on all of them.Camera - Great 8MP camera and video, I have a good camera but hate carrying it.  This phone allows me to take great pics of my kids on the go.HTC Sense - I like it, not necessarily a reason to buy the phone but it has some nice features.  Allows for quick use of Facebook and Twitter, upload of photos, review stocks, and view your schedule.Battery - I play games and use my phone for everything all day, so instead of wasting time with the basic provided battery I bought the extended battery upfront (Verizon is offering it at 1/2 price through March).  My phone lasts all day on one charge with heavy use (I do not have 4G where I am located and understand that this may use up more battery).  At 11:30pm is when my battery is low (5% power).  The big thing with the extended battery is that it adds to the size of the phone; one reason I considered the MAXX...but in the end I love the HD quality video and great audio too much to go with the MAXX just for size.Phone calls - works great in my area and on the road, one thing I was concerned about was call quality because of other reviews but I've had no dropped calls in the month since I've bought the phone and they are very clear quality.Case - I got the holster case when I bought the phone and the phone is big, but I love it and don't mind the size.It's everything I wanted in a phone and more.  I'm sure when I'm up for my "new every 2" there will be a great new phone with a thin, long lasting battery with all the features I want.OVERALL - this is a great phone with a great camera, video, and audio, I love it and would recommend it, I would recommend going with the extended battery but that's just my preference.

OK, so I've had a ton of smart phones. IPhones blackberrys and androids. All have come and gone. But now I'm on android again and using the HtC Rezound.. first off. Its an amazing phone. From download speeds to screen display to responds opening apps and running them.. It would be the perfect phone if the battery was stronger. That's the only flaw I have came across. And I am a full time user. I'm always on my phone watching vids, googleing, face booking, playing games, downloading music, u name it.... I can't get over how amazing the screen looks. It has one of the best resolutions out... If they made a Rezound with a better batter like Motorola did to Razr with the Maxx.. Well then u have a perfect phone!!! Either way.. its still my fav its phone. And even tho the battery lacks a little. Its still a 5* phone..

I've had the HTC Rezound for 1 year now.  It's a good "device" but a poor phone.CONS:The call quality when receiving a call is terrible because the speaker "buzzes" when people speak fast or loudly on the other end.  This is the 2nd Rezound I've had and the first one had the same issue.  The phone's microphone is very sensitive and picks up background noises and magnifies them and makes it difficult for the people I call to hear me as well. If you make a lot of phone calls I can not recommend this phone.Phone has "Beats Audio".  I didn't notice a significant difference in audio quality over my iphone 3GS.PROS:This was one of the few phones I found that had zoom plus "wrap around text" built into the web browser.  Much easier to read text than on other phones where you can only see part of a page and have to scroll back and forth.  The phone is a very good size and easy to hold, display is very good as well.

This phone is everything you want! It's fast, smooth, comfortable and lightweight! I was going to wait for the Galaxy Nexus but this one is well worth it. I had also checked out the Motorola Razr but the feel of that phone on your hand was very awkward due to the shape and size of that phone. The Razr also felt flimsy. The Rezound actually feels durable and very comfortable on your hand. It's not too big or too small. The only con is the battery life but as several others have said, this is the same issue with every phone. You just need to buy an extra battery and you're set.

I did research on this phone for almost a month before I purchased it. i wanted to love it. It seemed nearly flawless. and for about a month it was. Then the issue started. The BOOT LOOP. It flashes HTC then does the normal startup screen repeatedly. Just over and over and over again. It sucks. Other people have this issue and yet HTC does not even recognize it. This phone is pissing me off. Im doing a factory reset and if it happens again Amazon's return policy will definitely be in play. Im very unhappy with this phone. very unhappy with HTC. I always said i wouldnt go to an HTC phone after my girlfriends droid Incerdible 2 acted weird. I should have waited for the LG spectrum. Would have liked that better.

I *delightedly* destroyed *2* of these phones within 8 months of purchase. Constant freezing requiring reboots - overheating to the point of not functioning, etc. I have never been so glad to hear glass smashing. I gladly bought a replacement phone (another brand) at full price since it was too soon to upgrade, that's how much I hated this phone.I liked the picture quality and the Beats headphones I got with it at Verizon. Other than that, stay far away from this phone, IMHO!

This phone has been an absolute pain to use. The internet is slower than my home computer 10 years ago. Battery life is abysmal. Randomly shuts off at least once a week, sometimes several times in a day. Freezes up. And I've only had it 6 months or so. My old android incredible was waaay better.

I switched to this phone from an iphone 4. Love this phone its easy to use has great features, sound, screen ect ... Could have a bit better of battery life but if it becomes an issue for you, you can always buy and extended batter for it. I don't find this phone bulky at all it fits in your had nicely and has a great camera for a cell phone. personally I would call the raza bulky because of its wideness even though its lighter(my hubby got that phone) but both are great phones. As for Verizon we switched to them from AT&T, we haven't really had any issues with Verizon service expect when they where having 4g lte issues. call quality has been great with this phone no issues with people hearing me or me hearing them.

First off, thanks amazon wireless for a great experience. I ported my number from a different carrier and it was absolutely flawless. Not to mention the price of the phone was phenominal. As for the phone,brilliant HTC for getting it right. I have been a Samsung guy for a while. Waiting for the Galaxy Nexus was just too much. Getting to know the phone has been easy. Everything is laid out well, although the home button takes a little getting used to because it is in a different place on Samsung. As for HTC Sense, great. After reading reviews online about battery life, I was a little skeptical but it is turning out to be a lot better than the Samsung. HTC really did there homework on this one. Thin, perfect size in your hand. The screen is beautiful. And I can't say too much about the beats audio. You will not go wrong with this phone. I have been so impressed with the service I have gotten with Amazon. Kindle fire here I come.

This phone has too many power issues, two shots with the flash and you probably wont be able to make another phone call. I constantly had to plug in this phone, reminds me of the old cord phones. The power button jammed this week and suddenly the phone is not working, it was a sign from God to toss this thing. I got it originally for free, that is the only way I could reccomend this phone to anyone.

I was absolutely torn between Nexus vs Rezound.  Both are great phones, but in the end, I ended up with the rezound, and I THINK I made the right choice.  In brief, while the nexus has the bigger screen and ICS, the rezound, undoutbley has the better hardware, and will get ICS early 2012 anyway.  You can upgrade the software, but you cannot upgrade the hardware.  The rezound beats out the nexus in several major categories: 1.)  SD card slot  2.)  Disk-drive Mode.  3.)  Faster processor.  4.)  Slightly higher resolution  5.)  Beats audio (more on that later)  6.)  8 MP vs 5 MP camera.  The Nexus has its advantages over the rezound, but they end up not being as important:  1.)  Slightly bigger screen.  2.) Slightly thinner/lighter.  3.)  ICSOf course, ICS is a big advantage of the nexus over the rezound, but again, the rezound will get ICS is the upcoming weeks anyway, rendering the major advantage that the nexus has, moot.I came from Sprint using the HTC Evo, and I actually like the physical look of the Evo better, since it's a little shorter and slimmer with the same size screen, so it almost felt like a slight downgrade getting a phone that was a little less attractive on the exterior.  The transition from Evo to Rezound was a smooth one.  The rezound is essentially what the Evo SHOULD have been, but wasn't.  It was nice because I felt like I was using my same phone that I always liked and was used to, but it was faster, more responsive, and more reliable.  HTC finally got it right, for the most part, with this phone, as it is smooth, crisp, and responsive on all fronts.  It isn't NEARLY as choppy and sluggish as the Evo, and the upgraded hardware combined with verizon's speedy and reliable network make this a truly remarkable device.I was also eager to find out what all the hype was about the Beats feature.  Essentially, Beats is a sound enhancer that intelligently equalizes the bass and treble bands, making the music sound the way it was meant to be heard.  At first, I was thinking it was just a simple equalizer found in apps like poweramp, but after comparing the sound between poweramp and beats, I can absolutley tell the difference.  I wanted to see if Beats was just a pre-set equalizer setting, so I tried to fine-tune the equalizer in poweramp to match the sound of the Beats enhancer.  On one song (Xxplosive by Dr. Dre), I nearly matched the sound of my poweramp equalizer to Beats, and figured I decoded the secret equalizer settings.  However, with the same equalizer settings on the next song, the Beats enhancer again sounded different, and better than the poweramp equalizer with the settings I just set.  This led me to the conclusion that Beats is more than just one secret equalizer setting, rather, it is a comprehensive software that somehow, finds the very best mix of bass and treble bands for each specific song.  The end result is a really awesome mp3 player that's got BEATS!As for the criticisms, there are few, but they are noteworthy:-Battery life hasn't gotten any better from other HTC models (Evo, Thunderbolt, and other high-powered devices).-While the interface is generally smoother and quicker, it STILL has a little work to do as you get some choppiness when switching screens quickly.  The responsiveness isn't up to speed with the iphone yet.-Beats ONLY works on the built-in music app, and doesn't work through google music.  This a bummer because google music is the best way to wirelessly and seamlessly keep my music library on my comp in sync with my phone.  I used the feature in google music to have my music available offline, thinking that it would store my music in a location accessible to the stock music app on the phone, and thus, be able to use Beats.  For some reason, the location of the google music folder is very obscure and not visible to the stock music app, so in order to use the Beats enhancer, you have to manually sync your music from your computer to your phone.  Also, the phone's stock music app doesn't do a good job of locating album art, if your ID3 tag doesn't identify the album.  google music and other players easily identify album art even if you don't have the name of the album.-General media syncing/cloud integration is a step behind the iphone, but google music is a great step in the right direction.-The stock SD card is a class 4, and works reasonably well.  I was able to transfer files at speeds of 6-8 mpbs, BUT this is still much slower than the file transfer rate of the iphone, so the android community still has a little catching up to do there.-Not a huge deal, but permanent root still isn't ready on this phone and I miss the custom OS I had on my Evo and the ability to use wireless tether, remove bloatware, and block ads.  I am sure in time the community will develop a permanent root solution, however.In the end, I'm happy with the phone.  I echo all the standard array of compliments (good call quality, Beats, fast and smooth UI, etc).  The feel of it is pretty similar to what I had with my Evo, but the faster, more reliable network, and the upgraded hardware makes this phone much more fun, and usable.

A few years back, I went looking for a Smartphone with a decent camera, great screen, that was very fast and loaded with features; what I ended up with, was the Droid Incredible and honestly, after having used the Incredible, I can safely say it was the best phone on the market at the time (Yes, even better than AT&T;'s iPhone 4).Jump ahead about 1.5 years and, I was wooed by the idea of LTE and quickly moved to sell the Incredible for my Upgrade to the Thunderbolt!  Well, the Thunderbolt was nice but it wasn't the same experience that the Incredible delivered and I found myself wishing I had never sold the Incredible!Jump a little bit further ahead and I was again tempted to try the next big thing, The iPhone 4s on Verizon!  Again, this failed to live up to the hype and still failed to match my experience from the original Incredible!Well, about last week, I decided I had, had enough of the serious limitations and the heavily gimped feature set that is, in some circles, affectionately known as the iPhone 4s.  So, I sold my Verizon 4s for $400 and found a brand new HTC Rezound for $350 on a rather well known forum and I took the Plunge!Okay, enough with the back story, lets get on with the review!BUILD QUALITYHTC Might not be known for slim phones or have the eye of the yuppie elite but there's one thing they've always been known for and that's their build quality!  You will not find a better built phone than the HTC and honestly, the Rezound is just one more great example of this fact.DISPLAYThis is seriously, one of these best Displays on the market and even though it isn't Amoled, the pixel density, sharpness and vibrance and contrast are very good and I would say this is pretty even with the Galaxy Nexus and the latest LG offerings.  I won't say it is better and I won't say it is the same in every area as the other phones but it has enough strengths where I would say it is overall as good as those displays (Believe me, I'm a big fan of Amoled and my Incredible is to thank for that).Seriously, 1280x720P, 4.3" screen with class leading PPI, running 24-bit color...  Is there really anything more to ask for?  Enough Said!AUDIOThis is really huge!  Seeing the Beats Audio on the back really wasn't a big deal to me as I'm not a fan of their more expensive headsets (they're over priced compared to my Sennheiser HD518 Headphones) and from what I had ready the technology only worked with the Monster Headphones!  Needless to say, I was prepared to be disappointed by this area of the phone.Sometimes, being a skeptic has its advantages, especially when you're blown away by the actual experience.The Beats Optimization is no longer limited to the Monster Brand Headphones and it now works with every pair of headphones you can throw at it!  Needless to say, My Sennheiser headphones are sufficiently powered by the Rezound and they produce what I would honestly say is the best listening experience I've ever seen on a Smartphone, or MP3 Player, Period!The Headphones supplied are actually a huge step above the cheap earbuds supplied with the 4s and they're a similar leap forward over those supplied with the Galaxy line of phones.  Of course the competitors headphones are cheap $30 phones and the beats have a suggested retail price of $149 (Street is lower).NETWORKAgain, I'm floored by this phone!  The LTE speeds this phone is capable of, simply are far and away so much better than any other phone on the market and while I've seen 14 to 18 Megs down from other devices, I've seen close to 30 from the Rezound!Basically, if you want LTE, don't waste your time with the other phones, just get the best of breed Rezound!STORAGEThe Internal storage of the phone is 16 Gig and the a 16 Gig card is also included with the phone.  As many are used to, the expandable storage is a strength of many Android phones and this is currently capable of running a 32 Gig Micro SD Card and larger cards could be available in the future.Basically, this is typical Android Smartphone fare and a step above some of the Galaxy Line and iPhones on the market.PERFORMANCEI had heard everything from , "The Phone is Blazing Fast!" to "Sense 3.5 really slows it down at times."  but, my experience has been that the phone is actually very fast and I haven't seen any slowdown from Sense at all!Again, I have pretty much only run this phone with the Android Update released a few days ago so it is possible all of these issues were corrected.  Bottom line, don't worry about it because the issues aren't there now.CAMERASThe Front Camera is great, works excellent for all intents and purposes.The Rear Camera is Great With Good Lighting (Literally, the best on the market) but when lighting becomes less ideal, the Camera stumbles badly!  This is compounded by the fact that HTC threw dual LEDs on the phone and then basically brute forced their output!  Flash based shooting thus, leaves you with serious hotspots and this has always been an area where I felt that HTC could improve their quality (I wrote them a letter asking them why they don't diffuse the flash as this would have created a much better shooting experience).Another note about the cameras, the White Balance Sensor isn't the best I've seen and it does leave quite a bit to be desired.Bottom line, the Cameras are excellent for Family Outings during the day but not so much good at other times.  They do offer the typical Android Flexibility you expect from them and in that area alone are they better than the competition.GPSI had to single this out for two reasons... One, because I was so ticked off that the 4s didn't have it and wouldn't allow 3rd party apps to interact so I could use this functionality to it's fullest and Two, because the GPS Chip in this phone is fast, just like every other part of the phone.Seriously, the Rezound GPS Technology will lock on to satellites in seconds even if you have it turned off and that's a much needed boost for cellphones where Battery is a big issue!BATTERYWell, every super thing has to have a weakness right?  There is no free ride here and all the speed for GPS, LTE, and the UI as well as the Screen Performance take a toll on the battery.Bottom Line here, either put the phone's power setting in Normal Mode (changes the radio to 3G / CDMA only) or get the extended battery (it is the same battery as is offered for the Thunderbolt but the back is different so you cannot use that without purchasing the back).  The good news though, Verizon Wireless is selling these batteries for 50% off right now and it only adds a little heft to the phone.OPERATING SYSTEMEverything that iOS is not, Android with Sense is!  My biggest problems with the iPhone 4s were the fact that you couldn't integrate one app with another (like Dragon Dictate requiring you to cut and paste because it didn't work with Pages, Email or iMessages) and if an Application worked better than the stock app, you were not allowed to set that app as the default.With Android, you have total control over your environment and everything can interact, enhance, or replace a lesser application.  This means I can download an EQ and it should work with every music player I have...  It also means that I can literally replace the whole sense launcher with another one which might add functionality or even speed up the phone.The Bottom Line here, there's no other OS on the market that is as flexible or feature rich as Android and if you use these features then all the hype in the world will never make you a fan of iOS period.APPSAndroid has more than 500,000 Apps the work on pretty much every device running 2.1 or higher!  Yes the iPhone has more but part of that is to make up for the functionality that Android already has and part of that is just duplication of existing applications.  For the most part, 90% of the top quality apps on the iOS exist on Android and more are ported to the platform every day.Bottom line, you need to do something, there is more than likely an Application to do that and if you find something that doesn't exist, please send me the idea because I would love nothing more than to make an Application with no Competition!  =DCONCLUSIONI've finally found the phone that is going to make me forget about the Incredible and I will not make the same mistake as I did with the Incredible, I will be keeping this phone for some time to come!  I want to rate the phone higher but the iPhone 4s has me a little gun shy and feeling a little like Brendan Fraser In Bedazzled so for now, I will give it a conservative 4 stars and note that it should at least be a 4.5 star phone.Bottom line, You will be hard pressed to find a better all around phone on any network and honestly, from my perspective, the iPhone 4s (with all of its hype and gimmicks) just doesn't compete with the Rezound in any area but the camera.  With that said, run, don't walk if you're seriously considering this phone!DISCLAIMERS*Disclaimer, I had not had this phone long before the bug fix release was issued so I have very little experience with the phone prior to that.*If you want to see the limitations of the 4s that drove me nuts, I review that phone on here as well.* I also find it ironic that HTC Keeps releasing these phones, that are simply better, right around the same time as Apple's latest Flagship Phone!  Last time it was the Incredible and EVO, this time it is the Rezound!

HA! Pun intended. Okay, a little background for perspective, I'm upgrading from a Blackberry that is supported by corporate. I gave up on waiting for the iPhone 5 (speedy 4G plz), so when I saw Amazon's black friday promotion, I jumped.Jumped to the future that is! I looked at the displays on some of the top models and the Rezound delivers (note: stock charts are my test). Clear sharp display of candle stick charts and indicators was clearly rendered on the sites and apps I use. Well, it's just a beautiful display, more dpi than the iphone.Speedy! Wow, moving up from 3G to Verizon's 4G a joy! Fast downloads, this phone is quick and responsive. Hotspot is sweet!Pictures. Nice 8mb pics, great for capturing photos of life on the go. Haven't tried the video yet.Voice quality, no complaints from the folks on the other end, but I didn't buy the phone to make calls. *giggle*Beats Audio: Well, I'm hearing my music with new ears. I was skeptical at first, but it sure is a good sound for a phone, I hear more detail and I'm not going to try to compare it with my cans at home. I agree with a previous reviewer: "Beats earbuds are a little boomy, with not enough extension in the first octave. They are detailed, but midrange is a little muddy. I like the Beats software boost. Too bad it doesn't work with streaming from my Amazon cloud, only works with the earbuds and phone app.Battery life, well, this is the one issue that is not so great. Hey, 4G, super screen, dual processor, I think a bigger battery would have been better. Still, I get a good 6 to 10 hours if I work on energy management. I suggest a spare battery and I might look into some of the battery upgrades after a few folks go first.Overall, a sweet phone I want it for stocks so I am not a gamer or video user, so your mileage may vary YMMV. I can't believe I got this phone for a penny. Whee!

I don't know which is more impressive, the hTC Rezound or Verizon's 4G LTE network. I switched from the hTC EVO 4G on Sprint to this phone and the difference couldn't possibly be more dramatic.Display:Physically, the phones are a similar size. These large format smartphones take some getting used to, from carrying them in your pocket to the fine art of one-handed touchscreen action where you stretch your thumb across the screen. The Rezound actually sits well in my pocket and once you get spoiled with the larger display, it is nearly impossible to use any other phone without squinting and thinking "this thing is too small!".The pixel density is outstanding and colors are good. Not quite SAMOLED but still very good. With this resolution, I was worried about the lag I had been reading about, particularly with the latest hTC Sense. I did notice the occasional short lag when you inundate the GPU with a lot of actions like swiping several screens and then hitting the home button. But it was surprisingly good. I loaded GO Launcher and it eliminated all lag (and gave me the 5x5 icon layout with no labels that I prefer).In direct sunlight, the screen has a bright enough setting to be functional, but you'll always struggle in direct sunlight with a glass screen.Network:Since Amazon/Verizon is enticing new contracts with aggressive pricing, it bears mentioning that Verizon's 4G LTE network is second to none. They've invested in this network heavily this year, and it shows. If I drive out of town and into the country, I might lose LTE signal briefly, but coverage is astounding. Great work, Verizon.Speed is even more astounding. Even in the metal building I work in (that would drain the hTC EVO battery dry when desperately reaching out for a Sprint signal), I generally achieve 10,000 - 13,000 kbps. The highest download rate I've experienced is 32,000kbps! My local cable High Speed Internet doesn't even touch this. Again, great work, Verizon! They've raised the bar and I hope they can keep it there.That said, the tiered data plans take careful considering. I went through 2GB in my first week, enjoying the fast network speeds perhaps a little too much! Ironic that I reluctantly connect to a WiFi network to reduce my data usage and the relative speed differential becomes even more evident.Battery Life:I can't move on to review any other aspect of phone without raising the subject of battery life. I tried to manage my expectations for battery life with this phone. With what was sure to be a gas-guzzling dual barrel 1.5GHz processor on the LTE network and the highest pixel density in the industry, I couldn't bring myself to hope that the battery would take me through a typical 10 hour workday. The Rezound again delivers. Even with the excitement of a slick new phone on the best network in the business, I still managed to make it through a 10 hour day on a battery charge. As the excitement wears down, I can even make it through 16 hours of awake time without charging. But I've already picked up a spare battery, as it seems to defeat the purpose of a wireless device to be tethered to a charger all the time. This is a powerful mobile device, much like a laptop. You wouldn't expect your laptop to run all day on a charge so just get used to the idea that this is no ordinary phone.Camera:This was a huge consideration, for me. I'm an amateur photographer, and don't always have my DSLR handy, and so I end up taking a great deal of photos using the phone's camera. In broad daylight, some pictures have come out good enough to be published. The key advantage is always having a competent camera handy when an incredible opportunity arises with perfect lighting, autumn scenery and that amazing backdrop that makes you wish the DSLR was in the back seat. The impressive f2.2 aperture and competent 8 megapixel sensor in the Rezound does a really great job at capturing light, even when it is limited. In optimal lighting situations, coupled with the "Backlight HDR" setting (which seems to do some post processing tone mapping to improve visible dynamic range), the results are downright stunning. There is still some noise in low-light situations, but I'm happy to see just black in dark shadows rather than noise.Phone:Oh yeah, this thing has a phone? I didn't make a phone call until I'd already had the phone for four days and was very impressed with the call quality. I don't ask for much, but my last phone didn't quite have enough volume and I was happy to find that the Rezound has plenty enough volume to spare. I actually had to turn down the call volume a bit, which a nice luxury.Beats:There has been a lot of hype about the beats headphones included with this phone, and the "beats profile" that tweaks sound settings for optimal sound reproduction. I have to admit to being a little bit of a sound quality snob. Not the kind that spends $300 on speaker wire and snake oil. But I've spent many hours utilizing measuring equipment in the automotive environment in pursuit of sound quality and even more hours of critical listening and believe I can recognize good sound. Having made an attempt at qualifying my opinion of the Rezounds ability in the sound department: I think they sound great. Really. I mean, they're not going to replace a good set of cans and simply can't approach the dynamics and spatial imaging achieveable in a car or home. But they sound good. I already had a set of decent entry level earbuds (V-Moda Vibe Duo) and I'd say the Beats by Dr Dre buds by Monster are in the same neighborhood, but not quite as good. With the beats profile enabled, music seems louder and more crisp, but not necessarily better. I was able to replicate the effect in PowerAmp with equalization pretty closely. The Beats earbuds might be a little boomy, with not enough extension in the first octave. They are detailed, but midrange is a little more muddy than the V-Modas. I'll keep them as very competent spares, but continue to enjoy the V-Modas for now.After a week of ownership, I should be able to think of a few criticisms for this phone. I do wish that we were given the option of an AOSP interface, why not Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0)? But that is indeed wishful thinking. This phone is sure to be popular with developers, though, and it won't be long before they tap into the true power in this very capable phone. It is a bit annoying to see Verizon bloat the phone with nonsense like V-Cast, that seem more suited for feature phones rather than a powerful Android phone. Would it be a valid complaint that I'm eating through a lot of data? That would be like saying I'm enjoying it too much. Maybe I am.

Okay, So i've seen a lot of concerns and comments where people were talking about battery life. So I am copying and pasting my review for the OEM Extended Battery here. I hope this helps gives some insight in the phones Original and Extended Battery."I've upgraded to the HTC Rezound after owning a Droid 2. The battery life for that phone wasn't good either so I installed an App called Juice Defender Ultimate which helped extended the battery life of my phone for the regular battery. In addition to the extra hours of use the APP would give me, It would also tell me how much charge time I had left in order to be at 100% charged when the phone is plugged in. When the phone is not plugged in, it would tell me how much battery life I had left until the battery ran out. The APP has been pretty accurate so far. The regular battery for the HTC Rezound would last for around 9 to 11 hours at the most on average with Juice Defender Ultimate installed (that's with Wifi, GPS, and Gmail sync turned off to conserve power). I bought the extended battery in order to see just how many more hours of use I could get out of the phone from a single charge. When fully charged with the extended battery, Juice Defender Ultimate says that I had 17 hours and 50 Mins of use on my phone, so to me it was well worth the cost and the sacrifice in size and weight. So with that being said, The trade off with the addition of an extended battery is that it will make your phone thicker than it already is. To me, its not such a big deal but for some people it might be. Its all about individual taste I guess. The Phone with the Extended Battery and Extended Battery case (which are both OEM) that it comes with will fit in the OEM Desktop Dock with out issue if anyone was wondering. I know a lot of sites and people have commented that it doesn't, but it does fit. One comment on a site even said that you had to take the Extended Battery cover off while leaving only the extended battery in the phone in order to charge it on the dock, that is simply not true. The OEM Desktop Dock has a grove built into the dock in order to accommodate the additional size of the OEM Extended Case. I am unsure if that is true for the OEM Windshield Mount for your car as I do not own one.Pros6 to 7 hours of additional battery life with help from an APP.ConsThe additional bulk in size it adds to the phone."

My Rezound was starting to act sluggish and drop data a few days before the update arrived to the point I was ready to take it in for replacement, but just then it went through a major update, the new 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich operating and ow it's like having a brand new phone. Smooth. Super Fast. I love this thing again and more!  I've had my Rezound since January of 2012 and the only thing I didn't like about it before was being promised the update within a couple months but not having received it until now (August). I'm over that at this point and just glad to have the new ICS operating system.The Beats headphones are a true bonus as well. I have a set of Sennheiser headphones that were $100, but these blow them away. I run with my phone and use it to keep track of my runs and as my music player as well. The 4G keeps my online music streaming flawlessly.Also, the camera is the best I've ever used on a phone and I've used iPhone's and multiple other Androids. This camera can not be beat.The voice recognition is darn near perfect as well. There are only a few times it's ever not gotten the transcription to the letter. Saves a lot of time and re-typing.Overall it's a fantastic state of the art phone and I highly recommend it.

I wanted to wait until Verizon and HTC released the OS update before writing this review. I'm one of the lucky ones: I've been waiting six weeks, not close to a year like the people that first made the move to the Rezound.First impression of the phone is that it is big. It isn't uncomfortable to carry around without a case, but if you decide to protect it with a premium case like the Defender series... it's a beast. My girlfriend calls my phone an iPad.It actually seems that big sometimes.I'm not knocking a star for the size: I knew how big this was going in and judged a few others to be too big (the Rezound was definitely not my first choice in terms of upgrades).Here's what I don't like:1) Battery life. Yes, this is a 4G phone and it is media-heavy in terms of capability. Still, I would have liked a bigger battery, especially given how much of a pain it is to change out with my case.2) The screen really could be quite a bit better. It doesn't use Gorilla Glass, which seems to be a major oversight for a $700 phone. The screen also washes out unless you're viewing it head on. This is a problem exaggerated in total darkness because the contrast on the screen is actually somewhat disappointing. My old LG Ally had comparable black-contrast, and that screen wasn't that great.3) There is no cover for the USB/charging port. While minor because I'm using a beefy case, it still seems like an oversight.4) The location of the SD card sucks and makes swapping them out on the fly impossible because you have to pull the battery to get at it. Lame.5) No pinning the phone to your ear with your shoulder when your headset dies: this causes the microphone, which is located on the bottom of the phone, and consequently your voice, to be muffled. This is an industrial design compromise, and one that is fairly minor.That's the problem you pay when idiotically-priced $500 vacuum cleaners are popular enough wastes of money to be advertised during the Super Bowl.6) Sense. I don't like it. While the update that comes with the ICS OTA package is a substatial improvement, I still don't like it when companies overlay their own interface. The stock setup is fine, and if phone manufacturers would just let Google run the ball in this department, there would be some standardized elements to the non-iPhone market.7) Speaking of standardized elements, the mini-USB/HDMI port is neither mini USB or HDMI. It is a specific proprietary port. Now I have to repurchase all my interface cables (extra in the car, in my pack so that I can charge things with my solar panel, etc). It seems like a true waste of the customer's money.Which brings me to a feature that I don't like, and won't be knocking any points off the phone for since I don't use it.Beats audio. Seriously lame stuff. Remember the "LOUD" button on your old Walkman (if you're old enough), Discman (if you're still old enough), or the "LOUD" button that doesn't come on an iPod (if you're dumb enough to buy one)? That's all Beats audio is: a loud button that is automatically pressed when you jack in proprietary over-priced cables.This is portable audio, people: it's either highly compressed to stream for internet radio applications or as MP4 files. There isn't enough fidelity in the signal to actually benefit from a studio headphone... which the buds that are included definitely are not.The coding from Beats is a preamp, very similar to a number of premium audio applications at the Google store. This is nothing but Monster hype using the branded name of an out-of-work rapper turned producer. Don't get me wrong: I'm a hiphop fan of his all the way back to NWA (only because I'm not old enough to have been around for his Cru' work), but this is merchandising people... and it's unsubstantial merchandising.I've compared the sound quality of the premium studio headphones sold by Beats and others: they're comparable when doing studio work. And nobody is going to notice the difference between any of the freeware music players with preamps and a good set of corded headphones.Another reason I don't like this phone that I'm not going to knock it for: bloatware. The Verizon apps SUCK! If I didn't like their network so much, I'd dump Big Red for the amount of crap they ship their phones with... but now that I have the official ICS, I'm going to root the phone and let Titanium Backup do the talking so I can reclaim a little dignity.Now for the reasons I really like this phone:1) ICS. I felt the Rezound was a mediocre over-hyped phone until I got the official update... and ICS makes this phone rezoundingly good. Everything is more smooth (no doubt to a better Sense package, also included), plus the voice recognition of Google Voice is absurd! They have done so much work to the voice interface for the new OS and it makes Siri seem like yesterday's pastrami sandwich forgotten on the dashboard.2) The speed of the processing. This is something new with ICS as well: Gingerbread didn't handle dual-core processors very well. ICS is MADE for dual-core devices, and it shows. Boot times are significantly less and everything works better (even 3G streaming, which surprised me).3) 4G LTE. I'm not a huge fan of the network, yet, because it's still a little spotty around my area with frequent data drops. However, when I'm in an area where 4G is mature, the speeds are high enough to stream HD video from my phone via Netflix to the 40" TV in the living room! 4G isn't so much about what you can do from the palm of your hand, but rather how much you can do when integrating into your other, increasingly smart, appliances.4) It's a pretty phone with a lot of attention to detail (outside of durability, memory access, and basic environmental protections as discussed earlier). Most of these things are not appreciated frequently since they're covered by the case, but I really did have one of those "sweet fancy Moses" moments when opening the box for the first time.5) Onboard memory. This thing is LOADED with RAM!!! I'm packing quite a few apps (I'm not much of a phone gamer outside of basic logic and puzzle stuff) and I still have about 50% of what was available from the box. Coming from my old phone, which was regularly having low memory panic attacks, this is a huge relief. I'll regain so much more memory, too, when I integrate the ROM updates with Titanium Backup after rooting.6) Generous SD card storage from the factory. 16GB may not seem like a lot, but it is a massive amount of storage. I'll be upgrading to 32GB so I can keep a system image of my laptop for backing it up, but there is a ton of room.7) The included headphones. Yeah: I don't like the Beats Audio gimick, but these are great headphones for free. Granted, they're engineered to break and are definitely not the $120 version sold at your big box rip off center, but they're FREE and really good.8) Price. My upgrade price, including premium case, was under $100! I absolutely cannot believe the amount of power in easily-accessible technology.9) Build quality. While it is not rugged by any stretch of the imagination, this is a very substantially-built phone. On its own, it carries easily in a pocket, I've just had enough cheating girlfriends to know that inconvenient levels of protection are always worth the hassel and discomfort.10) For my issues with the screen, 95% of the time it is a great step up. Yeah, some of the newer technology would have been a good incorporation into the basic design to allow better viewing angles and contrast, but it works well enough to make me smile when streaming videos when I'm waiting around or doing research on the fly.11) The front facing camera, at 2MP, is great. I've been able to have face-to-face conversations with people I haven't seen in a decade and have even managed a couple of long-distance if-you-can't-bang-it-beat-it conversations with the significant other.This is a 4.5 star phone executed at the 90% level. It has over-hyped technology (which is anything but revolutionary) and way too much crap installed from the factory, but you'll be hard-pressed to find any carrier that doesn't do the same thing. While not perfect, the capabilities exposed with ICS make this a podium finisher among the most recent hardware on the market for a fraction of the price.I recommend the HTC Rezound without hesitation.

I don't think its Amazons fault, but I agree with Michael. Not sure why being a loyal Verizon customer for years and years excludes me from this deal. All it really does is make me want to go to Sprint or T-Mobile where I can get a penny phone along with unlimited data.

This is currently the best Verizon phone on the market. I will not list the specs again since you know them by now.I will only list the problems you might have with the phone (just makes it easier and quicker)CONS:1) Battery Life is very short. Due to the powerful CPU and the amazing HD screen the battery is not adequate enough to give you a prolonged multimedia experience unless you have it hooked up to power. There is a extended battery available that helps a lot with the battery issue but also makes the phone a lot thicker. I personally do not mind the added millimeters, the phone actually cradles better in your hand but many people will find it too thick (especially women with their dainty hands :)2) The phone runs hot. Again, the processing power of the phone generates heat in the battery and the phone runs hot when you play certain games or watch a lot movies. There have been reports of some people getting over 140 degrees which is way to hot and they exchanged their phones and have not had the issues since. My phone doesn't get hotter than 120 max and only if I play graphic intensive games for too long. But dont forget iPhones get hot also so its a side effect of smartphones at this time.3) Red buttons are pink on some peoples phones4) Case creaks when you hold it a certain way.5) Camera pictures look a little yellowish when taken indoors. (This phone has a awesome camera though)6) Some people have reported a hissing sound in the headphones. I personally didn't have this issue at all.Thats about it. IMHO the PROS outweigh the CONS. This is a great and you will have a lot fun with it.If you want to getting even more speed and power out of it I recommend rooting it and removing all the crapware Verizon puts on these phones. Your performance will go through the roof after doing rooting it. The Rez has a great community on XDA with a lot of great Roms to install ([...])

My wife and I recently upgraded.  My wife originally upgraded to the iPhone through Verizon and hated it.  Yes I know, everyone loves Apple products, but I am one of Apple's biggest critics.  They make beautiful devices but aren't functional unless you have iEverything.  Long story short, my wife returned her iPhone 4S within 24 hours.My wife then purchased the Motorola RAZR Maxx through Amazon Wireless.  I, on the other hand, upgraded to the Droid Bionic.  The original phones we were issued had large scratches on the display.  Amazon promptly sent out replacement phones.  After playing with the devices for a few days, we both were having tons of problems.  We phoned tech support and after hard resets and trouble-shooting the errors persisted.  The RAZR Maxx would drop internet connectivity constantly.  The Bionic would freeze all the time.  The most annoying thing for both devices was unlocking the phone.  The Bionic was worse, but both phones would sometimes take 5-30 seconds to unlock.  Opening apps was also troublesome as clicking the app link would again cause the phone to pause for a while.We both then switched to the HTC Rezound after reading all the positive reviews and both love our phones.  The display is beautiful and the phone is lightning fast.  We've had zero issues so far.One last note is the camera. The camera on the Rezound is amazing.  It has a very fast shutter speed and takes high quality pictures even when the subject is moving.  The camera on the Motorola devices was horrible.  Even stationary objects would often come out blurry.PROS:1. Beautiful display with vibrant colors2. Lightning fast speed3. Very fast downloads (you would think the device wouldn't affect download speeds but strangely it does, at least between Motorola and HTC.  Motorola took forever to download apps and files.)4. Phone has some nice features.5. Very fun phone overall.6. Amazing cameraCONS1. Battery life.  But you have to consider that all 4G LTE phones have terrible battery life.  The Rezound isn't all that bad though.  I use my phone heavily and the battery lasts almost all day.2. MINOR flaw that is easily fixed - there is no shortcut for the camcorder.  Not sure why HTC didn't include one but a quick download from the Play store fixes the problem.

Yesterday my family and I headed into town to do some shopping. While putting our young son in his car seat, my wife set her phone (HTC Rezound withSeidio CSK3HTRZD-GR ACTIVE Case for  HTC Rezound - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Garnet Redand a ZAGG screen protector) on top of the car. We took off never thinking about it again until we hit the highway. I was accelerating to 75mph and had just hit 65mph when we heard some tumbling sounds on top of the car. I asked "what is that?" but my wife knew right away and said "O Damn it my phone!" I looked in my rear view mirror to see the phone bouncing off the pavement. The force of impact separated the phone from the Seidio case, which consisted of a skeleton and a inner rubber case, which also separated from each other. I watched all three pieces soar 5+ feet into the air. I did a u-turn over the small median and drove back a little to the scene. Getting out of the car I ran and recovered the phone before another vehicle came and crushed it. I found the case about 50 feet back from the phone. The phone seemed to have skid on its screen to a stop after bouncing.After inspecting the phone, there was next to no physical damage to it. The ZAGG invisible shield seemed to do it's job as no scratches were found on the screen. The skeleton piece of the phone case had most of the damage, which was just scratches from the pavement. Putting the case back on, my wife checked the functionality of the phone from calls to the camera, all has checked out just fine. I was impressed.I know there is many more factors that constitute a 5 star rating, but I love this phone for reason's that many other's have stated so I have no reason to repeat them here. The only thing I don't like is of course, the battery life. Accept for that, this phone is awesome.

I got tired of waiting for the Samsung Galaxy Nexus to come out, with all the uncertainty on price, features and release date.  On top of that, the 4.5"+ screen phones end up being just a touch too wide to hold comfortably, and some of the other Samsung phones felt cheap in the hand.  RAZR also felt uncomfortable to hold, and as much as I tried to like that phone, I just couldn't get on board with it.  All that to say, I'm happy with my decision to get the Rezound as my upgrade from my original Droid Moto slider. This phone is fast, the touch screen works beautifully and looks great. As far as the hand feel, which I'm obviously fussy about, this phone just feels high-end and well made.  The back is swathed in rubberized type coating that provides grip, and it doesn't feel flimsy like the afore-mentioned Samsungs.  Unlike the RAZR, the back of the phone has a gentle curve both directions, making it comfortalbe and well-balanced as it cradles in your palm. The blacks aren't as deep and the display as dazzling with some of the AMOLED screens, but I have no problem seeing it in bright daylight, and don't really need to be dazzled constantly, anyway.  I'm giving this phone 4 stars because it is just a bit flabby in terms of thickness and weight.  It would have been nice if they could have shaved an ounce off of the weight and a tenth of an inch or so off the thickness. Hopefully more accessories for this phone will come out soon; it would be nice to have a dock available, as it does need to be charged daily if you're using data services much. I was dubious about the Beats earbuds that came with it, but they are actually really nice, and block out distractions when I'm trying to work in my cube farm so much better than my Skull Candy ever did, so that takes a bit of the sting out of the cost of this phone.  Do get a screen cover; I have two tiny dings in mine after two weeks of tossing it in my purse, so the Gorilla Glass isn't truly scratch proof.  Overall, I think this phone is right at the top of what's available right now, especially if your storage capacity needs exceed the fixed onboard storage of the Galaxy Nexus.

Made the switch from a Blackberry Bold to the HTC Rezound a couple weeks back. I did a ton of research and it came down to iPhone 4S or the Rezound.  My wife has the iPhone 4S, so I had a strong reference of comparison before I purchased and during my 14 day trial period. I opted for the Rezound for a number of reasons and I have not been disappointed!.  This phone is one incredible powerhouse.  The HD screen pops, and the 4.3 inch size is perfect IMHO...bigger (and much nicer) than the iPhone screen, but not so big that you can't use one hand to do most everything. Some reviews mention that it is a thick phone, but I have compared it to the super thin Razor and the Rezound just feels perfect in your hand. Other reviews have criticized HTC's Sense overlay, but I personally love it...it is very practical, functional, and customizable. It really allows you to make the phone unique to you.  The camera is unbelievable, and rivals my personal high-end camera in quality.  The Beats headphones and the overall audio experience are fantastic. If you could give 4&1/2 stars, that would be my rating, as this phone isn't perfect. My only concerns are that I was able to port over most, but not all of my iTunes library (cannot if you don't have DRAM permission), and the battery drains pretty fast on this puppy if you are a power user.  I was on a business trip last week, and was without the ability to recharge during the day for two days during the trip...by the end of both days, the battery was below 10% by 9 pm.  Luckily there are several apps that help conserve battery life and HTC offers some settings that will help too.  I also bought a cradle charger for work, so I don't expect many issues.  But I hear that 4G phones all experience this kind of drain when you use the 4G network frequently.  Overall, just a fantastic phone.

Update - August, 2012:Verizon has finally updated and released a Global firmware update that updates the radio and software for global GSM roaming!  What does this mean?  You can update the phone and use any SIM if you're roaming (or if you want to use it on a different carrier).  For example, I put my friend's Tmobile US SIM in there, and switched to Global mode (from CDMA/LTE) and immediately was connected to Tmobile's network.  After setting up the APN, I could browse the web (though only at EDGE speeds due to the different frequencies Tmobile uses).  I will be taking the phone overseas soon and will update again after using a prepaid GSM SIM.  This really makes this a GREAT phone - no doubt.  Android 4.0 ICS, 720p screen, dual-core, unlocked GSM and CDMA/LTEOriginal review:I've been an Android phone user since it first came out on the G1 and I've had many different phones and tablets that I like to hack/mod to optimize and customize the devices using root access or custom ROMs.Root - basically gives you superuser access to do what you want to the device (stop/remove programs that the carrier installs aka bloatware, use apps like wifi tether without paying extra - data is data!).ROMs - basically a different version of the phone's operating system.  Typically it's customized/optimized to have less or no bloat and better features/tweaks (speed, stability, battery/CPU management, etc.)I took advantage of the Amazon Wireless holiday specials and picked up two Rezounds (NOT for the Beats which is just an EQ and marketing hype) since they were the most powerful and high-resolution phones that VZW had at the time.  I guess that title is shared now with the Galaxy Nexus.After owning many different types of slippery smartphones, I was very pleasantly surprised to learn the Rezound has non-slip rubber back which really aids in comfortably holding and gripping the phone.Using the phone is intuitive for anyone that is comfortable with any recent Android phone.  Being an HTC phone, it ships with HTC Sense (basically a skin over the stock Android operating system) which is, in my opinion, the most tasteful manufacturer skin (compared to Samsung's and LG's).  The powerful dual-core processor makes the phone very responsive as you swipe through menus and applications.  The 720p screen is great - bright, clear and makes it a joy to look at pictures, videos and browse (in landscape, it's comparable to a laptop).Unfortunately, with all the bloatware from Verizon (two sample games and a multitude of other apps) and the 4G LTE, the battery just gets annihilated.  Making a few phone calls and speed tests (42 megs down peak so far in Houston) and my phone is at 50%.  I keep this phone tethered to a charger when I'm in the car or office to make sure I have enough juice to last the day.I've also (along with other people) have overheating problems that are sometimes fixed (sometimes not) by powering off and powering back on while on LTE all day.  Switching to wifi when in the house helps, but I have 10 gigs of data, so why not keep LTE on til I'm near the cap?The phone was locked by Verizon (HTC allows for unlocked bootloaders, but it's up to the carrier) and I was about to sell the phone on ebay and pick up a Galaxy Nexus so I could customize it and get rid of the bloat when HTC stepped up and added the HTC Rezound to the list of phones it will provide unlock codes for!  XDA-developers has all the info and it came out just after Christmas 2011.  Now there are at least 4 custom ROMs and permanent root (there was temporary root before, but it was random when it broke) access.I've since cleaned up the bloat (and that fixed the overheating problems as well as made the battery last a lot longer!) and switch to CleanROM.The phone is a powerful phone that is crippled by bloatware from Verizon.  If you own this phone and are unhappy with the heat and/or battery life, you owe it to yourself to try unlocking it and removing some of the bloat.  You could easily do this by rooting the phone and then using Root Toolkit to remove the apps you don't want if you're not ready to take the plunge to a custom ROM.

Me and my wife just upgraded our old phones to this phone.  This is our first smart phone experience.  The features, apps, screen and functionality of this phone are excellent.  The camera is great and the ease of copying and pasting pictures and music from your computer or laptop is a breeze.Like with all smart phones, the biggest adjustment from switching to the HTC Rezound from a higher end, non-smart phone, was lower battery life.  With my old phone, I could go for days without having to even think about a recharge.  With heavy and constant use, this phone will need to be recharged at the end of the day.  I don't want to dwell too much on the battery issue however because it is my understanding that most if not all of the non-apple iphone devices have similar, lower battery lives than none smart phone devices.  Is having to charge this phone regularly worth all of the cool apps and things that it can do?  Absolutely.  My old phone was a Samsung Reality, a good, little workhorse phone that did the job, but lacked all of the cool apps and fun that one can have with the HTC Rezound.In summary, this is a great phone that allows you to play a wide variety of free games, organize music, photos, and video, play and surf the internet on 3 or 4G and use wireless when in a hotspot or at home-so as to save data plan, and even open document files such as word, excel and PDFs.  It also has all of the basics that you want on your phone, such as the calendar, the calculator and all the free apps that you could ever want to do things that don't come already on the phone.***Update***The phone is still working well.  I did however want to address the issue with the beats earphones.  I am not a fan of these earphones for two reasons.  Firstly, they go right inside your ear, which feels unnatural and uncomfortable.  Secondly, the earphones would always keep falling out of my ears, making them impractical for use.  I ditched them and replaced them with a cheap, traditional set of earphones and all was well.

First, I must start off by saying this phone is great except for the battery.  I bought this phone when Amazon had their 1 cent sale.  It was a great deal.I really thought the size of the phone was going to be an issue, but it wasn't.  My previous phone was an HTC Nexus One which had a 3.7" screen and is thinner than the Rezound.  Despite being larger, the Rezound felt good in the hand.  The back felt real good too and seems to be slip resistant.*** Display ***The 4.3" display is beautiful.  The 720p HD screen really is sharp.  Colors are bright, but not as bring as AMOLED or Super AMOLED devices.*** Sound ***The Beats audio isn't necessarily all it is cracked up to be.  While using the HTC Music app, you can use Beat Audio.  Otherwise, you can't use it.  It is not compatible with Google Music or Amazaon Cloud Player.  This required me to download my music to the SD Card.  When the Beats Audio is active (when the Beats headphone are plugged in), the music sounds louder and has more bass.I am not sure why HTC couldn't do this for all audio application or through the phones speakers.  The included headphone were very comfortable.  I am not one for sticking earphone in my ears, but these were very nice.*** LTE ***Verizon's 4G is king.  I came from T-Mobile which has fast service in my are.  However, Verizon's service is faster.  The speed does come with a premium price.*** HTC Sense ***I actually had the original Android HTC Sense device, the Sprint Hero.  I really liked Sense on that device.  I was really looking forward to it, but I was disappointed.  I have been using stock Android for quite awhile and found Sense isn't really needed anymore.  The Sense keyboard is not as good as the stock Android keyboard.  When selecting suggested words, Sense does not put a space after the word like the stock Android keyboard does.  I found it annoying.  The widgets I loved were all there, but over the years I had found replacements - so they didn't seem as great as they did on the Hero.*** Battery ***I would have given this device 5 stars if it weren't for the battery.  I had charged my phone while I was at work.  After leaving at around 7PM, I only made one short phone call and didn't really do much else after it was charged.  The next day, my phone was dead before noon.  The phone didn't even make 15 hours with minimal use.  I noticed that the battery on the Rezound is smaller than either the Galaxy Nexus or the Droid Razr which I would consider comparable phones.  This device is so great.  If HTC had only used a larger battery, I would have kept this device.*** Amazon Wireless ***They are just wonderful.  I had an issue when I tried activating the phone.  The problem turned out to be an issue with Verizon trying to port my number.  Amazon gave me a $15 credit on their site for my inconvenience.  Also, I really like Amazon's return policy.  Unlike Verizon, Amazon did not charge me a restocking fee.  Also, the Amazon rep on the phone said that he was returning the phone to HTC as defective.  He said that if enough phones came back to them because of this, they would put larger batteries in their future phones.

This is the first HTC phone Ive ever had. I think its interface is much better than motorola's. The screen is stunning and Netflix, hbogo and slingplayer work great! I was going to wait for the nexus but it does not have a removeable sd card. I was able to transfer my apps from my old phone to this one by putting in the old sd card. Some people complain about htc sense but I like it alot. I do listen to music on my phone and with headphones and beats audio it's great! I have no issues with call quality. The battery lasts all day with moderate use and I can use the charger from my old Droid so I've saved money from not having to buy extra chargers. This phone is a bit heavier than most but not annoyingly so. I bought my Rezound with my amex card and that extends the warranty by one year. I am very pleased with my purchase.

All around it's the best phone out there right now.My dad has a T-mo Samsung Galaxy S2 and putting them next to each other, the Rezound's screen is MUCH better. I have my screen set to 25% brightness all the time and it's plenty no matter where I am. The Rezound also feels much better in the hand. It might be thicker and heavier, but it feels better. Don't go by specs, go by real world feel. Try it out at your local shop.Battery life can be an issue until you drain it and fully charge it about 3-5 times. I got 30 hours of it last charge cycle with about 10 phone calls of 5-10 minutes each, about 30 minutes of music, about 30 minutes of web surfing, a few downloads from the app store, and about 100 texts. Maybe some other stuff. This is light use. With heavy use, you're charging within 12 hours.The Galaxy Nexus is what I was waiting for, but I'm glad I got this one. The GN sounds less tempting each day. No SD card, no USB mode etc. It will have better battery supposedly though.Also, if you're coming from another network. You might be surprised to see 2 bars as your signal strength most of the time. I had T-mobile and always had full bars in Miami. I just downloaded some signal strength apps (opensignal, network signal info, and mobile signal widget) and they actually both have almost identical dbm values (my t-mo phone is still active for another week). So Verizon is just more conservative with their signal bar estimate.

When I got this phone I loved it, it was my first smartphone. Now its going crazy and deleting my pictures from my gallery and I have to constantly restart my phone to get them back. I would not recommend this product anymore because of that. It also  freezes up on me a lot and kind of has a mind of its own. Also it will randomly force me to close out of an app. I find the best part of this phone is the headphones it comes with, great quality.DO NOT BUY!!!

the local verizon store told me "if you purchase that phone online...you can't get service from the verizon store. You have to pack the phone up and mail it back if you have a problem."Could this be true? No insurance available from amazon?Verizon won't stand behind a phone "under manufacturer warrantee" should I be concerned?

This is the BEST phone I have ever had, i truly mean it - VERY smooth processing, very fast start up, great surfing, great call clarity - BUT, the battery that came with it, onyl last about 8 hours with pretty heavy use. So, I went ahead and got the extended battery, it makes a huge difference, I get about 14 to 17 hours now with the same amount of usage.. One thing, this battery and cover DOES make the phone bigger, BUT, for me at least, that is what makes me give this a A+ rating, it is MUCH mroe comfortbale now to talk, to type, and mainly, to play games - With normal battery, phone was a bit too thin, and I accidentally hit buttons I didnt want to when typing or gaming, again, If you are thinking of this or the hyped out Razr, do yourself a favor and GET THIS PHONE, hands down, the best, I mean BEST phone you can buy!Pros - Everything except battery - Do yourself a favor and get the bigger battery, it last double the time and has a better feel all the way around.Cons - The battery that comes with the phone - hard to type and to game, as well, it onyl lasted 8 to 10 hours on a good day!A++++

Traded in a Razr Maxx because I lost flash video support when upgrading to ICS (Ice Cream sandwich). The Rezound is one of three or so phones that is certified to play flash videos after ICS upgrade. I am all for the conversion of flash to html5 platform, but nothing happens overnight.The phone has better picture quality and the extended battery will last as long as Razor Maxx. The 4g connection also seems to be a little more stable on the Rezound. Battery life is not great with any smartphone, but the extended battery will last me all day (5:30 am to 10:00 pm) with light to moderate use. Watching the videos will drain the battery rather quickly. I am happy that I switched to the Rezound during the 14 day exchange period. It is important to me that I can access videos from websites.Proswill have flash support in ics, beautiful hd screenConssomewhat on the thick side-especially with extended battery

I have been playing with this phone for over 2 weeks and I have to say that I like. It has its flaws, which I'll point in a bit, but has all the things I like it. And specially with the price drop Amazon is offering, this phone is a great choice for those wanting to do common things on a smartphone like surfing the web, reading news and running occasional games.Here are the good things I found:- Screen size: I had to adjust to the size of the phone, because my previous one had a 3" screen. After a few days, I see the benefit and comfort of browsing the web on a 4.3" screen. A little big to put on the pants' pocket, but I'm getting used to it. Perhaps a 4" would be better...- Processing power: Apps run fluidly and websites open quite fast. It's quite responsive to touch, with the main screen and web pages moving well, although it still does not have the responsiveness seen on an Iphone!- Battery: Yes, battery, the stock battery. Just checking now, and after 11Hrs on battery, it still has 68% left. No, I don't surf all the time, but I do check websites, read news and make the regular calls and send emails/txts. I turn on Bluetooth occasionally and always enable 4G. I don't turn on GPS, I disable roaming, put the screen light to medium, disable a lot of running services I don't use and things like that to optimize battery life.- Screen resolution: With that amount of pixels, you can get a lot of content in one full screen!- Sound: It's good. I haven't done too much music listening though. About the Dr. Dre Beats headphones? I don't care.- Camera: It's good and somewhat responsive. Not quite zero lag. Good resolution and ok quality.And here are things I wasn't too satisfied about:- Booting time: Damn it takes a long time to boot (~5 mins, yes that's too long for a phone)! Although I haven't seen a need to reboot it too often.- Auto reboot: Today it rebooted on me for the first time. Not sure what happened (thermal runaway, software glitch...?)- Android: Not really this phone's fault, but since I can't do anything with it without the OS, I'm writing my stint on it. Gingerbread is still not a very stable platform and lacks better memory management. I have to constantly force apps to close from the Task Manager. It's not a true multitasking OS. Some apps lose their state when I open another app and switch back to the them. Again, it's not HTC's fault but I can't wait to install ICS.Overall, the plus'es beat the minus'es and I like this phone. With a price drop from $299 to $79 on Amazon, that's an amazing choice for a smartphone.

Love this phone and heres whyCamera...great picture quality if you know how to setup the shots..night time and daytime come out fantasticVideo camera...smooth as butter as long as you go 720p(60 frames per second)...1080p is nice but @30 fps I can still see some slight blurring to a degreeCall quality... is a tiny bit muffled on my end..the voices are clear but slighlty mellow..people who hear me say I am crystal clearDisplay...can you say SWEET!..not as deep in blacks as the top tier phone like the galaxy nexus but for $49.99 vs $299..I can accept that slight flaw..colors are vibrant and detailed..small text is no problem to readSurfing...WOW..when you pick up a 4G signal this things just FLIES!!...the webpages pop up faster than my DSL ever could..I choose not to use flash so that could be why.scrolling is smoothAudio Music Quality...the Beats br Dre. earbuds that come bundled are a great gimmick to sell the phone..they tend to be a bit more bass heavy but then again look who is endorsing them..Dr.Dre...so this is to be expected..they sound very good like a pair of SkullCandy do but the quality needs to be tested by me so time will tell..I use earbuds 6-8 Hrs a day 5 days a week so these will be tested HARDCORE...Battery life..takes 3.5HRS to charge fully...wears down in roughly 6 hrs while streaming Pandora and Slacker and Tune In Pro and Stitcher Radio.....playing you tube clips and making a few calls....so overall pretty impressed....you can tweak the performance of the phone to gain more battery life with the built in Power Options so i encourage you to look at themBuild Quality...solid but lightweight..not too heavy but is thicker than the avg..Overall a sweet phone 8 out of 10 in my opinion..but my opinion is just that..my opinion..yours may vary but I just wanted to share my personal impression of the HTC Rezound..enjoy

ok i love this phone!! its awesome the headphones are great too!!! the only reason i gave this phone 4 stars was because if you have too many apps on your phone and you use one for a long time once you hit the home button it resets to the HTC screen, which is weird cause my wife has a bagillion games on the thunderbolt and its flawless.... cant wait for android 4.0 though!! i love HTC UI over MOTO's blur ... much better!!! and its better and faster than my cousins  iphone, i will never buy another apple product after what happened to my itouch...

Absolutely amazing phone. Incredibly Fast. The size of the phone is highly exaggerated. It feels very solid and very high end.Our family uses primarily Iphones, so this is a welcome challenger to the family.

I've had the Rezound for 2 weeks now and really like it.  Before Christmas, I was trying to decide between the Motorola Razr and the HTC Rezound.  I was having a difficult time deciding as the two phones were similarly priced.  Well, when the Rezound dropped to $149.00 (for an upgrade for an individual account), that made my decision for me.  So, here is my "two cents" on what I think of the phone:Bloatware- the amount of bloatware on this phone is appalling.  I'm not sure whose fault it is, Verizon?, HTC? or both? but with the amount of bloatware this phone has and all the money someone is getting from these vendors, the phone should be FREE!  The worst part is that you can't delete it even if you want to.  I can't wait until the phone is completely rootable so I can delete it for good.  This is my biggest complaint about the phone.Phone Call Quality- reception and voice quality is good on my end.  I'm not sure how good my voice is or isn't on the other end.Screen- despite the HD 720p resolution, the screen is not up to par with the Super AMOLED screens which have better contrast ratios and brightness.  Blacks are really more of a "dark gray."  That being said however, the screen still isn't bad.  Netflix movies look great on it.  To be honest the screen only looks sub par when it's held right next to a Super AMOLED screen.Size- the phone fits very comfortably in my hand and in my pocket.  The back is slightly curved.  The corners are rounded.  It has some heft to it.  So yes, while the Rezound is thicker and heavier than the Razr, in my humble opinion, the Razr is too thin, too light, and just too big overall.  I found the Razr to be uncomfortable and awkward to hold.  In reality, the Rezound isn't that thick, it just seems like it is in comparison to the Razr.Battery- any 4G phone you get where you keep the Bluetooth, GPS, Wireless, e-mail push, and auto-sync on with brightness at max all the time is going to have deplorable battery life.  The name of the game is Power Management now, and with all the widgets that HTC Sense has, these operations are very easy to manage.  With moderate call and internet usage, I find my battery will last a solid day.  However, if I'm going to stream a movie through Netflix and watch it at maximum brightness, I'll be lucky if I can get through the whole movie.  The other thing the Rezound has over the Razr is that it has a removable/replacable battery.  Now, don't get me wrong, while the battery technically is removable, it is not an easy or convenient task to accomplish.  It's not like a battery cover just slides off and you can swap out batteries just like that.  Instead, the whole back cover of the phone has to come off. Once off, the back cover does seem a little fragile.  Even though taking the back cover off may not be that easy, at least you have the ability.  If necessary, you can swap out batteries or install an extended run battery if you want to.  True, an extended run battery is thicker and heavier and it does add size and weight to the phone, at least it is an option.  There is no option for the Razr.Sound- I enjoy listening to music, and while "Dr. Dre's Beats Headphones" are probably not the first choice of headphones I would buy, they certainly are not that bad.  It's nice to finally have a decent accessory included with a phone.  The nice thing is they have a built-in mic too for calls.HTC Sense-  It's one of those things that you like or you don't.  I came from an Original Moto Droid that I had running Launcher Pro.  Launcher Pro is similar in a lot of ways so I found the transition over very easy.Camera- Fantastic!  It takes great shots with lots of options and effects.  This is the first phone camera I've seen that rivals the iPhone.Processor- the phone is quick.  Boot-up time is fast and I find very little lag.  Although Verizon's 4G LTE network really has nothing to do with the phone itself, the two together make for one great combination.Overall, I am very happy with my HTC Rezound.  Even though it is loaded with bloatware, I think I definitely got a bigger bang for my buck with the Rezound when compared to the Razr.

I am a huge HTC fan. I have to say I was very excited about the Rezound. I had the Incredible and then the Incredible 2. I went to my Verizon store to check it out and couldn't believe my eyes. My Incredible 2 has better color and a brighter screen. I know the Rezound is HD but if the screen is dark with no color then who cares. For the first time I am going to have to go with another brand. Don't take my word for it. Go to your local store and compare the "HD" Rezound with the Incredible 2 or Motorola Razr. I promise you you'll be glad you did.UPDATE 11/30/2011After reading several responses, from people who obviously bought the phone and were offended, I have now reviewed several different HTC Rezound phones. Again it was the same result. If you read major reviews from CNET, PCMag etc., you will see that I am not the only one that views it this way. The simple fact is the screen just looks better on the older Incredible 2, Razr, etc. For some reason, even with the brightness all the way up, the color is just more faded and not as bright.UPDATE 12/6/11After reading several comments I have decided that 1 star wasn't fair. I was just sooooo disappointed because I waited for this phone for so long. I was upset enough at the lack of color and brightness compared to my Incredible 2 that I gave it a lower rating than deserved. I'm bumping it up to three.

After many hours spend debugging a problem that have with a calendar sync I have discovered a software issue with on my HTC Rezound phone. The problem is that the automatic time and timezone setting gives the incorrect timezone. I live near Portland, OR and am currently on Pacific Daylight Time yet the time zone reported is Mountain Standard Time. This is the same offset form GMT but the calendar programs including the sync to gmail use the time zone and daylight saving time to sync their calendars. The incorrect time zone causes events scheduled now for November (off daylight savings) to be off by one hour. Makes it easy to miss a plane or a meeting.Neither Verizon or HTC have been able to fix the problem despite complete hard reset of the phone.

I told my wife not to get it.  We went through four incredibles last go around.  They were not even factory refurbs, all four were brand new.  She wanted it and the salesman told us there would be no problems with this one.  It worked okay for about a month and a half.  Still on 2.3 but then it started freezing, battery life went down, camera would stay stuck on, browsers of all kinds would just shut down.  We went to the store and they recommended a factory reset and the upgrade to 4.0.  So after all the fun of reinstalling all of the apps we had, minus the "bad ones" that work fine on my Razr Maxx, and then upgrading to 4.0 we are left with a device that is more buggy than before, uses battery life quicker thanks to the removal of the cdma only option.  Called Verizon and they say we have to run it in safe mode for a few days to make sure it isn't an app problem.  So much headache.  Do yourself a favor and steer away HTC.  You will be glad you did.

I had this phone for 4 days before it would freeze up and restart over and over again. The only way to stop it was to take the battery out. Even after a factory reset It still had the problem. Wasn't able to replace at a Verizon store because it was bought at Amazon, and Amazon had them back ordered 2-5 weeks at the time. I was left with no phone unless I went out and bought a new one!! Unacceptable.The phone itself is quick, the screen looks great, just wish it were a bit wider like the Galaxy. The HTC version of Android while loaded with Verizon bloatware (which was hard to get used to being an original Nexus One owner) seemed stable and fluid. The phone is a bit thick for my liking and the back plate on mine would make a squeaking noise right in the middle when pressed, so during a phone call it's fairly irritating.Headphone jack is on the top left hand side which makes it hard to hold it in landscape mode while they're plugged in...sorry gamers. Headphones (and the beats sound enhancer)sound great when I could get them to stay in my ears, but none of the included adapters worked with my ears so they were constantly falling out. With that said you can get an equivocal and free EQ/enhancer app in the Android market.Build quality was ok, nothing like the Nexus One's great metal frame and solid feel. The flash LED lights on the back stick out so they will scratch when it's on its back.Unimpressed by the whole experience.

I've owned the Resound for nearly two months. This is my first smartphone so nothing to compare it to except that I spent some time using my son's iPhone 4s. The huge disappointment to me is the short battery life, the APPS work well but to use them for any length of time you must have an external power source. I've only been in a 4G area a very short time in the two months I've owned the phone but I've been told 4G uses even MORE power so it's almost a joke to me that you spend all this money to have mobile Internet access but really can't use it very long because the phone is so underpowered. I HAVE downloaded PowerMax, an APP to save battery power, and that helps but turns everything off on the phone to conserve power ... another joke ... you must turn the phone off if you want to use it later in the day. Another complaint is the on/off switch, difficult to operate because it's small, sometimes hard to find and make it work. Last, sometimes I must tap..tap..tap to get the pointer to move on the screen. Having said all that, I use the phone to monitor my daily nutrition, play scrabble, photography, email, Google search, subscribe to online music, monitor my bank account, monitor my bicycle riding, reading books, vehicle navigation, store and listen to music, compare product prices, review restaurants, find RV parks, monitor Facebook and Twitter, get weather forecasts, Skype, search movie reviews, and monitor stocks. It works for all that, but I must be careful if I'm unsure of my next battery charge time.

Review:Amazing display compared to of coarse the iPhone. With a 4.3 inch display and 330 something pixel LCD screen, it beats the iPhone's 320 something retina display. Battery life on the rezound may not be the best but what do you expect from a phone with an amazing screen, 1.5 GH, and the 4g network on Verizon you cant expect much out of it. I personally use the extended battery so i get great battery life. Not to mention the beats audio integration and included beats headphones it blows away the iPhone and the ten dollar headphones it comes with.Speed Round:just to name a few.4.3 inch LCD screenandroid 2.3.4 HTC sense 3.5android 4.0 readybeats audiobeats headphonesgreat multimedia phonemusic player rivals itunes

I got this phone when the Verizon Wireless website price was just $50!  I have no idea why they dropped it so low since it was already sold out all over the place, but since then it is now up to $200, and it is well worth it in my opinion.  I did a crazy amount of research into it before I decided to buy, notwithstanding the amazing price tag.  It still seems too good to be true, but it has even exceeded my expectations, mostly because I was prepared for the negativities that people pointed out in their reviews.  I'm a bit of a tech nerd, having built my own computer and repaired lots of electronics that most people wouldn't even consider repairing, so I kind of know my way around electronics better than most.  For me, it is perfect, but I can see how it may be difficult for those that aren't so accustomed to how the latest technology works.  Anyway, the screen looks amazing, it's insanely fast, and if you know how to manage your power options (turn off 4G, lower screen brightness, kill apps that aren't being used), which HTC makes it very easy with all of the widgets available, the battery life really isn't as bad as I thought it would be.  It easily will last the whole day with light use.  If you're heavily using it, you're probably sitting around somewhere that you can just plug it in anyway.  Plus an extended battery is only like 40 bucks, and it almost doubles the life, so if it's that big of a deal to you, just get the extended battery.  I really love the feel and look of the phone, and it fits perfectly in my hand and pocket.  The Beats Audio headphones sound amazing!  I was really blown away, so now I never use my iPod or iPad for music anymore, just my phone because the quality is so much better.The main complaints I saw were lousy buttons, the lcd is difficult to see in the sunlight, the size, and the battery life.  I've already talked about the size and battery-life, both have been fine for me.  With the LCD being difficult to see in the sun, you just have to adjust the brightness, which is really easy with the brightness widget, just a couple touches, and then everything is very clear and bright.  It has not been an issue for me at all.  As far as the buttons go, they're very slim to the phone, so they may take some getting used to at first when you're trying to wake up the phone or adjust the volume, but they work fine for me and I really don't think they take anything away from the phone at all.The only thing that's bugged me a very minimal amount on this phone is the phone ear speaker.  Every once in a while is sounds odd, almost like a blown speaker would, but I can still hear the other person just fine, it just has a weird digital type sound to it.  Difficult to explain but it's something I noticed.  I actually generally just use my Beats headphones when I call people since they have a built-in mic (which is awesome), so it's generally not even an issue.To wrap this up, I'd just like to compare the hardware of this phone with the Nexus, which is the big seller right now(my brother has one).  The Rezound is generally much less expensive, but beats out the Nexus hardware in a few areas, which really surprised me when I first noticed it.  It's worth pointing out though that the Nexus has Ice Cream Sandwich and the Rezound should be getting it soon, but it doesn't have it yet.  Darn you Verizon.Rezound:  Dual core 1.5 ghz processor, 1 GB RAM, 32 GB memory out of the box (16 internal, 16 memory stick that comes with it), 4.3" 720p LCD display (not AMOLED sadly), 8 MP rear camera, 2 MP front cameraNexus:  Dual core 1.2 ghz processor, 1 GB RAM, 32 GB memory, 4.65" 720p AMOLED display, 5 MP rear camera, 1.3 MP front cameraSo you can see that the Rezound actually has a better processor and better cameras, as well as coming with Beats Audio headphones.  I'm not saying it's better than the Nexus since the Nexus has a better display, ICS, better battery life, and slimmer, lighter design, but I am saying you get quite the bang for your buck for the Rezound, especially when it was only $50.  Love this phone!  I'm so glad I got mine when I did.I wanted to add also that I've used an iPod Touch and an iPad for a long time now, so I have decent experience with the Apple app market compared to the Android app market and I must say that I strongly prefer the Android market, since I don't like to pay for my apps.  If you don't mind paying for most of your apps, go with Apple, but since I like free things much more, I really prefer the Android app market.

Got this as an early upgrade in January after my Droid X got "possessed" and the battery door wouldn't stay on. Old phone would call and text my friend all the time and would bug out occasionally, as well as restart itself and turn itself on. Couldn't take another year of that phone before a new one, so after some deliberation, I finally got this one.Always wanted an HTC phone, because I thought they were sleek and well designed, always had nice screens, and I loved the HTC clock. Coupled with those reasons, the best phone specs for verizon at the time, and the iBeats headset, I was sold. Got it for $200 then, but the price now is an absolute steal considering what I paid, and considering its pretty expensive from verizon still.Overall, I've enjoyed the phone thus far. I thought it was really sleek and well designed, the HD screen was beautiful, and I liked HTC sense. 4G connection and phone service is always good, and the call quality has been great thus far, as well. Wasn't my first android, so it was pretty much what I expected OS-wise.The iBeats were nice, before I broke them (broke them at work), and the music player is very nice, especially since I had a bad experience with the stock music player on the last phone, and the Beats EQ kicks in with all headphones (nothing really all that special, but not bad).However, I've had two problems with the phone thus far:1) Seems to receive texts much slower than other Verizon phones for some reason. Sometimes there is a 1-2 minute delay when compared to other Verizon phones. I don't know why that is, but its not a deal breaker at all.2) Sometimes when I plug headphones in, the music player freaks out and continually tries to call my most recent person called and hangs up immediately, or switches between that and perpetually shuffling my music music/pausing music. Will do this with the screen asleep too, and it sometimes tries to initiate voice commands as well. Usually stops once I replug in the headphones, but not always. Kind of what my last phone did, but it did that almost all the time.Overall, this is still a great phone, especially for the price amazon currently has it at!

Babied this phone and very light usage over the last year.Last weekend waking the phone in the A.M. pops up an "insert sim card" error.  Got a new sim at vzw store,  no improvement.  Everything works except the cell.  No joy at all.  Hadn't touched the sim since first insertion or even opened the phone for months.  Always kept charged.  It just spontaneously quit being able to see the sim card.  I guess I should try setting the clock back so it stops thinking it's out of warranty?Verizon ain't helping, missed a promised followup callback tonight, and wants to take away my unlimited data plan if I upgrade, which I can't do for another ten months anyway.  Pity, since I was thinking of going to a share everything plan and dropping wired internet.  Now I'm thinking its cheaper to just pay the penalties and dump verizon entirely (14 year customer).Buy the extended warranty, because this thing won't make the 2 year upgrade contract period, and it sure as heck won't make the three years it takes to get past the cancellation penalty.Missin' my moto droid now.

Went from the Incredible first gen to this thing, a ridiculous difference. For those of you that already have a smart phone - battery life is just fine on the Rezound if you know what you're doing (app killer apps, turn off all the needless syncing etc). 4G and this phone are faster than my WIFI and laptop, beautiful screen, looks and feels a lot sexier in person than in the pics..Easily the best phone out now, worth keeping for two years.

Love the phone.  Has met every expectation.  This is my first android device and very satisfied with the overall performance of the phone.  The screen is just plain beautiful.  Android 2.3.4 and HTC Sense work flawlessly.  I've had the phone for a week now and it hasn't crashed once.  Some say the ibeats is a gimmick, I think it works great and the sound is fantastic.  Have downloaded a bunch of apps from the market and so far no problems with any of them.  Looking forward to the ICS release for this phone.  I also considered the Nexus prior to purchasing this phone but I just liked the HTC phone better.  The Nexus was just to plain and boring although ICS was pretty cool.  I did buy the extended battery and it gets me through an entire day.

Since purchaseing this phone in April of 2013, I have had to send it back 2x.  Both times, the port where you plug in the charger either wore out or just was not working anymore.  The phone when you do charge it, does not hold a charge for very long, and recently only holds a charge for abot 2 hours.I won't get another rezound.  Too much trouble.

I am very pleased with my Rezound.  All the other reviews do a great job detailing the phone's features, so I wanted to highlight some of the things I've learned about saving the battery, which is the phones biggest issue IMO. I have owned it since December and it has been a great experience other than the battery life, which was shockingly short. Turns out it was just a simple default setting I needed to change.Open Settings --> Power --> Power Mode --> Change the Power Mode to Economy.My phone went from lasting about 6 hours to 18 to 20 hours by making that change.  I haven't noticed much of a difference in performance, now apps don't open "instantaneously" but that's because they are not all running in the background all the time. I have no idea why I overlooked this small step but I'm glad I found it, makes a HUGE difference. There are three settings: High Performance (this is what it was set to), Normal & Economy.  I compared Normal and Economy and didn't notice a difference other than Normal used more battery.  I am a full convert to Economy Mode.Here are some more tweaks you can try: When you set your phone to Economy Mode a new option opens "Economy Mode settings".  Here you can set if the battery gets below 30% turn off XXXX.  I have it set if my battery gets below 20% it turns off background data (no updates for any app, you can manually turn back on things like email but you have to go to each app and turn the auto updates on, no way to filter) turn of screen brightness, wifi, bluetooth, and Vibration Feedback.Here are some other things I use to save battery:Advanced Task Killer app: Set the Auto Kill Level to "Crazy" and Auto Kill Frequency to "When Screen Off".  This will try to stop apps from launching when you are not using your phone. And its free.3G/4G Switch - There are lots of apps for this, but really they are just a shortcut to the settings on your phone to turn off 4G.  You will get a huge battery savings it you turn off 4G unless you are browsing or uploading/download data.  You dont need 4G for background updates.If anyone wants more advice please leave a comment.

I've had this phone for a year and a half, and I hate it. Period. The battery life is abysmal. The browser won't even load certain websites. It continually drops its data connection. Did I mention the battery life? I spent extra money to buy the extended battery, which added significant size and weight to the phone, and it still won't last for 8 hours of moderate use. Epic fail.

After a painstaking process of reviewing numerous online sources before purchasing my first smartphone I decided upon the Motorola Bionic and the HTC Rezound, both being offered for $49.99 at the time. I decided to get the Bionic, and the gorilla glass is great (although not much of a selling point if adding a screen protector anyways). However, the ear piece speaker did not work well. After multiple calls to Verizon and a trip to the store, I returned it (I purchased it as a CPO from Verizon Online).I then decided to get the Rezound. In almost every way the Rezound is a better phone. It is fast, battery is ok, it is a little heavy, the shape of the phone fits my hand better than Motorola and the the camera is far superior. Beats Audio is fantastic! (Although the included headphones are not the best to run with).Most of all I was immediately taken aback by the difference in customer service between Verizon and Amazon. Amazon is hands down far superior in the level of service they provide. The 2 reps I talked were both polite and courteous, and actually answered my questions. I doubt I will every buy a phone from Verizon again. When all other things are equally, customer service is what separates two companies. Great job Amazon.

PROS:--- The best display of any phone on the market right now. Not only is it 720p but it has a better pixel density than the Retina display on the iPhone(!) despite the fact that the screen is larger. Color reproduction is awesome. Though it does not have the deep blacks of the Super AMOLED displays, it has very deep blacks for an LCD. And it is a true 720p display (the Galaxy Nexus has a 720p display, but part of the screen is taken up with "digital" Navigation buttons, so the actual display is smaller than 720p...the Rezound has separate buttons for navigation, like most conventional Android phones, so you can use the entire display).--- The best camera on any phone right now. The Panorama mode is extremely easy and intuitive. The camera does well in low light (and has a separate low light mode as well). Picture quality is the best I have seen on a smartphone camera so far. The front camera is better than the competition as well (2MP instead of 1.3MP).--- The dual core processor is 1.5ghz...the only Verizon phone that benchmarks as well this is the Razr. This and the 1 gig of RAM make it very fast.--- The GPS is the best I have seen on any smartphone so far...it locks my location on google maps immediately.--- The signal on this phone is great. It has a very strong radio. 4G is rock solid for me. Call quality is above average (it has a second noise cancelling mic on the side of the phone)--- The included earbuds are high quality, and retail over $100 by themselves. Top notch audio hardware for a smartphone as well. Music sounds great.--- This is a "conventional" android phone...meaning it does have a removable battery (unlike the Razr) and an SD Card (unlike the Galaxy nexus). It has the features you would expect an Android phone to have.--- 16 gigs of internal storage and a 16 gig SD Card (expandable to 32 gigs). So it has a total of 32 gigs of storage out of the box.CONS:--- It is bigger and heavier than the Galaxy Nexus and significantly thicker (almost 2X) than the Razr. That being said, it is still thinner and lighter than my Droid 1 (all things are relative eh?).--- The buttons are too flush with the case, making it difficult to use the power and volume buttons.--- No NFC (right now only the Galaxy Nexus has that)--- No Ice Cream Sandwich yet (it is coming early 2012 though...right now only the Galaxy Nexus has that). The Rezound ships with the latest version of Gingerbread.Overall I am extremely happy with the purchase. Of the top 3 Android phones right now (as of this writing anyway: the Razr, Galaxy Nexus and Rezound) the Rezound is the best of the three.All of the commercials are centered around the Beats audio, but the real star of the show (IMO) is the display. It really does have a fantastic screen. If you are in the market for a smartphone right now, I would get the Rezound. This is as good as it gets on Android right now.

FYI, I was up for an upgrade.  I really wanted the Droid Razr, being that my last (and first) smart phone was the original Moto Droid - which i loved.  However, found a great deal (one of few available to current customers!!!) on the HTC Rezound:  50 bucks at one of the big box warehouse websites.The Bad:1) Let's start with the inherent problems with the Rezound.  First and foremost, for me, are the flush buttons on the phone itself; used to control volume and turn the phone on.  The buttons are not raised hardly at all and therefore are relatively difficult to use, which is highly irritating.2) Battery Life:  I get about 6 hours out of this phone on one charge (I do use my phone for streaming of music at work), much less than I did with my Moto Droid.3) Ringtone and notification volume seems rather low even with volume setting on max.4) The Rezound gets really hot when playing certain games!The Good / Acceptable:1) Processing power:  The Rezound is pretty zippy, with a 1.5 GHz dual core processor you would expect that, however it has struggled at times with `heavy' apps such as Weather Bug Elite or Google Earth.  I do not know if this is because of my connection at the time or the processor itself.  Compared with the Razr, I find that the Rezound is a tad slower.  Using the phone's built in task manager app, it is possible to see how much of the Rezound's available 817 MB of RAM (out of 1 GB total Ram) is being used.  Even with all `killable' programs stopped, the Rezound is using more than half (493 MB) of its available RAM.  This is probably due to HTC's power hungry Sense skin or UI (user interface), which works on top of and in conjunction with the Android operating system.2) Which gets me to HTC's Sense.  I put this UI in the acceptable category.  I am getting used to it, but overall find it gimmicky and way too flashy.  Sure its pretty, but too often it gets in the way of what you're trying to do.  Motorola's UI is much more efficient and to the point.  HTC should realize that more than just teenage boys and girls will buy this phone, especially considering its one of the few Verizon phones that allow data usage and phone calls at the same time which can be very useful for business concerns.3) Size and feel:  I'm a big guy with big hands (can palm a basketball).  I like the size and feel of the Rezound.  It seems solid and substantial, although I'm sure some will think its kind of heavy.  By comparison the Razr is too light and kind of oddly shaped.  I think Motorola may have sacrificed a little too much to make the Razr so thin, although I find the design of the Razr to be very good if not striking for a cell phone.  The Rezound is also designed well but with more of a form follows function approach (except for the ridiculous flush buttons) vs the eye-catching form factor of the Razr.The Great:1) These are the features that I think set the Rezound apart from many if not most other cell phones.  First, the screen:  It is beautiful and incredibly clear and realistic.  The colors are not as vibrant, bright, or `pop' as much as with the Razr, but visuals are crisper and have far better resolution.  Think plasma (Rezound) vs LED (Razr and other AMOLED devices); HD buffs will understand what I'm talking about.  The Rezound uses the venerable, as in older, LCD technology screen (the 'eye' phone does as well) while the Razr and others use the newer AMOLED technology in their screens.  As is the case with plasma vs LED, newer is not always better especially when accounting for realism!2) The camera on the Rezound is fantastic!  No, shutter lag - meaning instant pics with  great customization settings and excellent resolution.  Again, at first glance pictures might seem duller than with the Razr or `eye'-phone, but the execution is more realistic and  the images are captured better.  The dual LED is also great, providing excellent lighting.  I do a lot of photo processing and the Rezound provides great raw material!3) Sound is great from the Rezound!  Besides the aforementioned ringtone and notification volume.  The built in music player with beats audio is great and provides excellent sound quality.  Another great feature of this phone is when you lay the phone down and play music or videos thru the external speaker the sound is amplified!  Kind of like a mega-phone effect, which works great when multiple people want to hear the audio.So overall I would give the HTC Rezound 3.9 stars.  I am fairly impressed thus far.

I was a little worried at first because i loved my IPHONE on AT&T. I wanted a phone that had 4g speed and after reading all the good reviews i said to myself let me gives this a try. I am glad i did listen to the reviews. This phone and with the Verizon service is unbelievable. First off the Rezound is a sexy phone with everything you can imagine on it. I loved the fact that it came with the beats head phones. The screen is beautiful and very vibrant. The beats app is nothing special. My only cons are the android app store. i feel like the apple app store is far superior then the android app store. Other problem no itunes for obvious reasons. other than that i am sticking with this phone. It is an amazing quick phone.

If you have half a brain, stay away from this phone. Battery life is very short (approx. 2.5 hrs with minimal use), phone is frequently hot, not getting Jelly Bean upgrade, and cannot fully take advantage of its features while on the go (like we all are) because the battery will die on you before lunch. If you're going to be sitting at a desk with it plugged in, then sure, you'll like the screen and features of this phone but if you can't be plugged in to an AC outlet, don't buy this phone. I've tried new batteries on both my own and my wife's Rezound and there was no difference. Why pay for a phone and $60 a month/phone for 4G LTE when you won't use it for fear it'll die by lunchtime. I have very few apps running on the Ice Cream Sandwich upgrade and have disabled any app that might drain the battery without any improvement. One final question... Do you want a phone that you can use and isn't dead when you reach into your pocket or purse??? If so, stay away from this phone!

OK, I'm comparing it to an android 2.2 tablet; BUT it does SO MUCH MORE. Now, my wife and I only need to figure out how to use all the features. At 63 we're not exactly smart phone gurus. I'm an OLD FORTRAN punchcard programmer and terminal C user. The Smithsonian has easy chairs right by ENIAC for all us old timers in the display.The HTC 348 page manual is a bit much. But a whole lot better than the included Verizon docs.I love it. Next, I must load the DejaOffice data and figure out android contacts.

I'll be short and to the point: I purchased a Rezound when it became more than clear that Verizon was not going to release the Galaxy Nexus/Nexus Prime in late November. I cancelled my At&t; line and opened a Verizon account so I could get the Rezound for $0.01 during the Penny Saver sale. Great decision.Pros:Screen is amazing. Viewing angles are mediocre but color accuracy, brightness, pixel density, and refresh rate are all better than I had hoped.Faster than I expected - this is in part due to the fact that I was coming from a Samsung Galaxy S Captivate that was stuck with an install of pre-release Gingerbread, but everything I throw at the phone runs perfectly well and very smoothly. 720p Youtube videos are amazing to watch at a full 30fps and such clarity. Games run like butter (although the market still restricts you from purchasing games that it would clearly be able to run.Call quality is very good for me in Nassau County, Long Island, NY.LTE signal is strong and consistently fast for me. 65-80 ms ping (to NY, NY server) and between 20-22 Mbps down. Max upload was 6 Mbps or so.Sense 3.5 is better than I expected. I love vanilla 2.3's launcher, but the Sense UI has come a long way and, aside from the Verizon and HTC related bloatware, is quite fast and unobtrusive for now.I didn't get the phone for the iBeats headphones or the Beats audio enhancement but the headset (while somewhat meek and flimsy feeling) produces very good sound. A bit heavy on the bass as expected, but the highs and mids are not too shabby. Can it compare to my Etymotic hf2's? No, but it's a nice inclusion.Cons:Battery life - I cannot provide data to support this claim, but I can say that if you use your phone more than a moderate amount during the day with LTE on you may not make it through an 8-9 hour day. That being said I have had my phone on without charging during a good amount of use and on through the night (while at home on WiFi - set to turn off after 15 mins w/o use) get to 18 hours before dying. That includes texting (50-75 messages), internet browsing, a couple of youtube videos, brief game playing and 30 mins to 1 hour of voice. Draw your own conclusions about battery and if you are coming from an older LTE device you'll probably be pleased with the Rezound's battery performance anyhow.Heat - the phone gets warm during: gaming (worse during 3D, but anything that keeps the screen on for a while whilst displaying a moving image will make it warm), videos, extensive web browsing on LTE, calls made while on LTE.Development/Openness - Currently S-Off (bootloader locked) and only temporary root. Not unlocking, customs ROMS, root requiring apps (unless you never reboot) until HTC and Verizon allow us to unlock it on HTCdev.comBloat - This is mainly Verizon's fault and every phone you get from them will be plagued by this. There are apps installed that one cannot get rid of, processes it forces the phone to run, etc. This makes for 500 Megs of mem usage even AFTER killing all processes. Note - this is not usually an issue and rarely will interfere with your use of the device.Randoms issues/complaints/things of note:- I have had two random occasions when the phone turned off in the middle of the night and did not reset itself (missed my alarm). This is pure, stupid speculation, but the windows happened to be open both nights and the temperature happened to fall dramatically during the course of the evening.- Light bleeds around the bezel and under the LEDs near the backlight for the screen.- Generally holds onto an LTE signal very well, but it may transition to CDMA while on the train or in the car (at least for portions of the trip, but this is probably just due to Verizon LTE dead zones in Queens, NY.-- Doesn't have ICS (although it will be getting it). When is it being updated is the question. I posted on the HTC USA Facebook page and they did respond to my statement regarding this:[...]- Some apps designed for devices in the 800x400 or 960x540 resolution range either 1) look interpolated and unclear/pixelated or 2) stay in their native resolution and do not fill up the screen. This is more of a complaint about Android fragmentation and those developing for it without taking advantage of multiple DPI support.- Some apps designed for phones do not format well to the resolution/Some apps designed for tablet resolution don't work or format well either. Example of this: AMC's app for Phones and Tablets.Conclusion:I love this phone. It's speed, reliability, looks, feel, etc. all make up for the few qualms I have about it. If you are considering getting the phone (especially if there's a special deal for it less than $200 US) then rest assured that you'll be happy. When this gets ICS I am confident that even with whatever version/variant of Sense UI that is built into it that the phone will be even faster, smoother and more impressive.

I've had a Rezound for a couple days and it has pretty much reached my expectations with a few caveats. The 720p screen looks great and the phone seems to have very little lag when using apps or browsing the web. The camera is also pretty good, although it does have trouble in low light situations and it can't take pictures very quickly. The phone also comes with Beats audio in-ear headphones to go along with its built in Beats audio system, the headphones are way better the typical ones that come with phones, although they seem fragile and being forced to either have Beats enabled or have flat equalization can be a big negative if you don't listen to the bass heavy music that Beats was designed for. Voice quality is pretty mixed, it is easy to hear the other person but your voice will be noticeably distorted on the other end. Reception was solid and the 4G is very quick, though that's pretty much the standard for LTE phones. The big letdown was the battery life, I really had to watch my usage in order for it to last through the day and have ended up taking the charger with me just to be safe. It also comes with a ton of Verizon bloatware which can't be removed and the HTC Sense modifications really didn't do anything for me, plus it won't be updated to Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0) for a while, so I would hold out if you like the features being added in that update. Finally, the phone itself is a bit thick, but I found it comfortable to use and carry in a pocket, but you might want to try it out in person just to be safe.+Great ScreenVery quick (Apps and web browsing)Included HeadphonesReceptionCamera-Battery LifeOutgoing voice qualityNo ICS yetLoaded with bloatware

The screen on this phone is great. The battery life sucks.  The Camera is great.  Get this phone and a couple of extra batteries and your all set.

this is on par with the Razr (non-max) if not slightly betterScreen- although super amoled looks preferableRooting - the bootloader is unlockable ( the next step up from rooting ), if you care for thisCamera - my most important feature, as nice as the Iphones, a lot of the droids lack that quality to capture light or hold detailAwhile ago it had heating issues, that's not very common anymore, and if it does occur, typically a change in software (rooting) will fix that upCall Quality - it's reliable what can i say?Coming from the Droid X2, this was a huge step up.

Features: 5 StarsDesign: 5 StarsPerformance: 5 StarsOverall:  The HTC Rezound is music lover's dream Android device.  It does many things well with very few issues.  My detailed usage based review follows.Background:  I upgraded from my Droid X, and I am experienced with Android.  I also consider myself to be advanced when it comes to using high tech devices - although I have never rooted an Android device.Setup:  I bought mine at a local store, and the rep did everything up to where I entered my Google account.  If you are doing this yourself (and it is your first 4g phone), the new thing you will have to deal with is the SIM card.  It didn't look complicated, but then nothing does when someone else is doing it.  Even though they are the same size, I did *not* transfer over my micro-SD card from my Droid X.  I advise you against doing this because of the extraneous data that apps place on your SD card.  This can cause problems on your new device.Call Quality:  This probably sounds strange, but making calls is pretty far down the list of things that I do with my phone.  I do find the sound to be better than average on my end, and I have no complaints from folks on the other end.  This includes normal usage and with a Bluetooth headset.CPU:  One of the things that I noticed immediately with the Rezound was how much more responsive apps are compared to the Droid X.  I have the "Dominoes" app from Amazon, and the computer turns are almost too fast (I know, a good problem to have, right?).  Switching between screens and scrolling through contacts and music are as smooth as can be.  This is to be expected going from a 1 GHz single core to a 1.5 GHz dual core processor.  I don't play a lot of fast paced or action games, and I expect the performance to be more than sufficient for my needs.Data:  Keeping with the "it's faster" theme let's talk about 4G.  I'm not going to whip you with numbers, but the difference is striking over 3G on my Droid X.  I had a number of pre-installed apps that needed updates in addition to adding some that I had on my Droid X.  On smaller apps I thought the download failed because it was so fast.  However closer inspection showed that they were there.  One of my primary uses is to keep up with my Twitter feed.  Using the Twitter for Android app I clicked through a few web links, and the page loads that were painful (take Fox Sports for example) loaded in a reasonable time - long enough to take a sip of coffee.User Interface:  This is my first HTC phone and therefore my first experience with the "Sense" overlay that they place on top of standard Android.  I like the general look and feel of Sense much better than Motoblur.  I had a friend who had the original HTC Hero on Sprint, and I always thought it had a good interface.  On the Rezound it is highly customizable, and you have access the tweak it right from the home screen with the "Personalize" button.  HTC's wallpaper selection is better than Motorola's in my opinion.  The one thing I would change is the unlock swipe.  I liked the left to right motion much better than the Sense bottom to top.  Left to right is much easier to do one handed.  Actually I don't think the bottom to top can be done one handed (at least by me).  Flipping between screens is quite snappy courtesy of the generous CPU mentioned above.  The HTC widgets for calendar and contacts are also great.  Overall, give me HTC Sense 10 out of 10 times over Motoblur.Music:  You may have heard the phrase, "Those who know can't explain.  Those who don't will never understand."  I have experienced few things that fit this better than the combination of Beats Audio on the Rezound along with the supplied Beats Headphones.  I used WMP to transfer music over from my laptop.  It syncs like any other mp3 player.  The playback is just amazing.  It stands up to Alternative (Garbage "Push It"), Heavy Metal (Megadeth "Public Enemy Number One"), and Rap K'Naan ("ABCs").  I have been gradually stepping up the quality of device and headphones that I've been using over the last two years.  With each step up I find that I am aware of more and more detail in the music.  On "Public Enemy Number One" I heard the guitarist's fingers sliding down the fretboard.  While the sound is bass heavy, I don't mind it.  The detail across the spectrum is just something that you have to experience.  If you are a music lover, this is your Android phone.E-mail:  If you were an early adopter of the Droid X, you most likely bought an additional e-mail client for syncing with Exchange.  I don't know if Motorola ever fixed this on the X, but once I bought another client there was no reason to look back.  I am happy to report that the default client on the Rezound syncs with my Exchange server at work with no issue.  The UI is pretty good too.  The one reason that I may switch to Moxier (what I used on the Droid X) is that with Moxier it is the only thing protected with the PIN rather than the entire device.  This is not just a convenience issue.  If you exceed your incorrect PIN entries using Moxier, it is the only thing wiped out.  If you do that with the stock client, it wipes the entire device.  I see this as a larger Android issue because all devices are like this (in my experience) regardless of manufacturer.Battery Life:  Perhaps you've heard that battery life on 4G devices is in a word awful.  Like many other things your mileage will vary.  If you are doing a lot of streaming media that also uses the display, count on needing to charge your device more than once a day.  The 4G radio is a battery pig.  Perhaps the next generation of devices will address this, but in the end you don't get something for nothing.  As for my usage profile I don't make a ton of calls - maybe one or two brief calls a day.  I do a moderate amount of e-mail, and I check my twitter feed throughout the day.  I probably also listen to music off the SD card a minimum of 1-2 hours a day.  A change will get me from 5:30 a.m. to the end of the work day, but I sometimes need a boost to get through the rest of the day.  This is good enough for me as I have a charger in my car, at my desk, and next to my recliner.  If you need sunup to sundown on a single charge, I would either suggest getting the extended battery or looking at the Droid Razr Maxx.Multimedia:  Honestly I would not suggest any phone as a good device for watching videos given the ubiquity of tablets, netbooks, and laptops that boast larger screens that will make the experience more enjoyable and immersive.  That being said I was curious how video would look on the Rezound given its 720p capabilities.  I installed Netflix and fired up an episode of Mad Men which to me is a very visual show in addition to being a great drama.  The colors that I enjoy so much while watching Draper and Co. on TV are faithfully reproduced on the Rezound.  This is one of the few devices that actually has a higher pixel density that the iPhone 4s (no, that is not a typo).  Playback is buttery smooth with 4g speeds.  I can hardly imagine the video experience being much better on a phone, but it is still a 4.3" screen.  As far as output goes the Rezound lacks a micro-HDMI port but rather relies on an MHL adaptor that connects to the micro-USB port.  This accessory is sold separately.  This matters little to me personally, but others may find it important.Conclusion:  This is easily my favorite phone that I have ever owned.  Ask anyone who knows me, and you will find that music is a *big* deal to me.  I now have no need to lug around a separate mp3 player.  If you are like me then you should run (don't walk) to get your hands on one of these.  You won't be disappointed.

There are a lot of phones with a lot of hype out right now.  This phone lives up to all of that hype...First off, the screen is absolutely amazing.  For those who believe those amoled screens are the best out there, you are wrong.  Hold this screen up to an amoled screen, and tell me amoled screens are better.  And as for the size, I owned an iphone 3g before this one.  I was skeptical at first about toting around a 4.3" phone.  After owning the rezound, I will never go back to a small screen.  The huge screen with the 720p res is absolutely incredible (not to mention higher ppi than the retina display on the new iphones.)Can't write a review on the rezound without mentioning the beats audio integration.  The beats equalizer thats built into the phone: it's nice a addition, but really is a gimmick.  You could make the same effect with an eq app.  The real gem is the ibeats headphones that it comes with (retail $100.)  They produce great bass response, lively mids, and crisp highs.  They arent as saturated with bass as other beats headphones are.  The combo of audio and headphones are not tuned for just hip-hop music.  I am a huge Beatles fan, and it is a treat to listen to them on these headphones.The hardware inside is pretty impressive: dual core 1.5 Ghz snapdragon processor and 1 gig of ram.  What is a little discerning is the slight amount of lag on the interface.  Sense 3.5 is very clock heavy, and seems is to be slowing down the phone a tad, the 720p screen probably has something to do with this as well (sense 3.5 is sweet btw.)  One thing that is very annoying is that when you switch music tracks, there is a slight skip in the audio.  This should not be happening on a phone that emphasizes audio and has a huge dual core processor.  The hardware and software is not as integrated as you would find on an iphone or probably galaxy nexus.  Maybe when android 4 comes out for this phone, these lag issues will be fixed.  I guess the lag is only really noticable if you look for it.  Just don't look for it.  Forget I ever said this.The battery is the one thing people keep complaining about on this phone.  These are the people that have no friends and all they do is play on their phone all day and stream video and music over the ridiculously fast LTE connection (25 Mbps in some places.)  Use this phone like a normal, non-loser human being, and you will end the day on a "green" battery.  Another thing people complain about is that it is too thick.  Go to a verizon store and hold a razr in your hand, hold this phone in your hand, and tell me that the razr feels better.  The razr is for losers who want a gimmick in the form of a cell phone.I somehow managed to get this phone for one cent on Amazon.  I would spend the $300 if I had to, and I am not rich by any means.  This is a boss of a phone.  Incredible screen, blazing fast, great headphones, and good battery life.  HTC is marketing this phone towards teen hipsters, but I guarantee the biggest tech nerds will be more than happy with this superpowerful phone. Buy this ish.

I have been a smartphone user for 3 years now starting with the original Droid 1 phone.  I got used to being able to modify my phone with fantastic code from developers all around the world.  I "upgraded" to a Droid 2 Global phone and found the manufacturer of that phone decided to lock MY phone so I could not update the phone like I was used to with the original Droid 1.Enter HTC!!  While looking around for my next smartphone I read the reviews of the HTC Rezound and I was VERY impressed, AND I can update my phone with custom ROMs (I know most won't want to do this, but if you do like tinkering with your phone and NOT having to wait for the manufacturer to do the updating, then this is another reason this is a very good phone.)The stock phone is fantastic, fabulous, and FAST!  The HD screen is amazing, the sound is superb, and the camera quality is crystal clear.  Throw in Beats audio and earbuds and how can anyone go wrong with this phone?  YOU CAN'T!!!So, you say, "But, I've never heard of this phone."  Yup, Verizon didn't push this phone, didn't advertise much at all which makes this phone now one of the fastest, loaded with goodies, and inexpensive phones out today.  YEAH!  I got this phone about 3 months ago and have never regretted this decision, AND my phone is STILL fresh and a BEAST OF A PHONE.And if you like putting on custom ROMs there is a very strong group of developers out with the latest, greatest android system (Ice Cream Sandwich), and lots of tweaks.  Oh, and HTC still supports this phone very well and will be coming out with Ice Cream Sandwich for this phone soon unlike the manufacturer of my last two smartphones which were no longer supported almost the day I bought them.Thank you HTC for the Rezound!!!

*Once a 4.5 star review, then down to 3.5. Now this review has been rewritten with one conclusion: DON'T EVEN BOTHER!*TESTS:------This review used to contain a breakdown of two test scenarios (from 100% battery down to 10%) conducted and repeated within the first 30 days of using this phone. The results were good and acceptable for most people, though not great. However, now it's impossible to get anything approaching the battery life I got during that early time unless you I barely use the phone. My usage has increased, but so has the drain from standard tasks. Those early tests included multiple full days after I had turned on hourly Twitter updates, push email, auto podcast downloads, and hourly weather updates. I had turned off the HTC fullscreen weather animations (see TIP at bottom), and I was either fully on Wi-FI or 3G/4G.**UPDATE - Spring 2012**There was a minor update by HTC/Verizon (BOTH of them, but blame here goes to Verizon) in January 2012 that first chopped battery life off at the waist (not even the knees), and then once stabilized, battery life is at best two thirds (2/3) what it was... Frustration... Also, phone calls seem to drain a lot more now. Your mileage may vary, but my use patterns haven't changed much--moderate at best, and still no Facebook use.**FINAL UPDATE - 09-23-12**My phone has been stock HTC/VZW software from day one. Now, well over a month after the ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich)software update in August 2012, battery life while NOT on Wi-Fi is abysmal. With ICS, the phone is actually snappier, and some well deserved improvements have appeared.If you don't mind plugging in your *mobile* phone all the time, wherever you are, then there's no problem. For everyone else who isn't at home all the time, DON'T BOTHER! MOVE ON! To this day, HTC hasn't gotten the message that they need to practically overcompensate on battery size for the crap American carriers will do after a phone ships. It's too bad, but in this 4G era, when a phone that is purposefully set only to use 3G performs this poorly, their overall sales reflect it.TIP:------Turning off the fullscreen weather animations (raindrops + windshield wiper on the home screen, etc.) helps a lot on HTC phones:> Press + hold the main homes creen weather widget > Options to EDIT or REMOVE will appear on bottom of screen > Drag widget to EDIT > Click CURRENT LOCATION or [YOUR CITY] > Uncheck SHOW FULL SCREEN ANIMATION

I'm now on my third HTC Rezound in just over 1 month, plus have wasted at least 15 hours in VZW stores or on the phone with Vzw or HTC troubleshooting. My new phone lasted about 21 days (just beyond the return window at Vzw) before the SD card went awry. New SD card didn't fix it, nor did a factory re-set of the phone. Finally sent me a replacement (refurbished) phone, which worked for 21 hours before the SD card had a different problem. Now awaiting yet another replacement phone and SD card in the mail, but they sent the 2nd replacement to the wrong address! Now will have to wait another few days to get another replacement ordered and shipped.Total time sink to have to troubleshoot, re-setup and troubleshoot again with each new or re-set phone. Even when the SD card was working properly I had problems with the phone not being able to connect to certain wifi connections, having buggy basic apps (gmail, calendar widget), not consistently making notification sounds, not syncing in a timely fashion, and more.If you get this phone, beware - you may lose a LOT of time troubleshooting various errors, glitches and malfunctions.

Sadly I had similar experience as TJ RolaJeep in his/her review on 1/30/2013. Got the "insert sim card" error several times, turned it off and back on, it came back to work. Then several days later it died forever.  I'm a careful user, never had any damages to the phone, never touched the sim card since first insertion, light usage. Still have 8 months to finish my two year contract. I contacted Verizon and was told that my penalty is $200 (the total is $400) if I terminate the service now. Also I was told that Verizon stores don't provide repair services anymore, I have to go to a third party for help. Now I don't know what to do with my phone and plan.Looking at those 5-star reviews, there must be good ones and lucky buyers out there. But you'll never know whether you would be the lucky one or not. The quality control for this phone is not reliable.  I would avoid this brand.1 of 2 people found the following review helpfulDied 5 weeks out of warranty, vzw no help, January 30, 2013ByTJ RolaJeepThis review is from: HTC Rezound 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless) (Wireless Phone)Babied this phone and very light usage over the last year.Last weekend waking the phone in the A.M. pops up an "insert sim card" error. Got a new sim at vzw store, no improvement. Everything works except the cell. No joy at all. Hadn't touched the sim since first insertion or even opened the phone for months. Always kept charged. It just spontaneously quit being able to see the sim card. I guess I should try setting the clock back so it stops thinking it's out of warranty?Verizon ain't helping, missed a promised followup callback tonight, and wants to take away my unlimited data plan if I upgrade, which I can't do for another ten months anyway. Pity, since I was thinking of going to a share everything plan and dropping wired internet. Now I'm thinking its cheaper to just pay the penalties and dump verizon entirely (14 year customer).Buy the extended warranty, because this thing won't make the 2 year upgrade contract period, and it sure as heck won't make the three years it takes to get past the cancellation penalty.Missin' my moto droid now.

First of all, I sell phones for a living and have had the chance to use all the newest phones including the Razr and Nexus. There is no perfect phone out there. There are things I would improve about every model on the market.That being said, this is a great phone, the best I've ever owned! And I have no regrets about choosing it over its competition. Honestly, this phone doesn't really stand out in any category. Though it has a faster processor than its competition, it's not quite as snappy as the Razr or Nexus. Though it has a 720p screen it doesn't look as vibrant as the Razr or Nexus. The Beats by Dre software is a joke, though the headphones are decent enough.But, here's the catch! The HTC may not stand out in any one catagory but when you add it all together it makes for a better phone. I have never had a dropped call. I have not had a single connection issue, battery problem, software glitch, or hardware issue since I got the phone in November! I have not had a single customer return their Rezound because of a problem. The Nexus, Razr, and Bionic, on the other hand, come back on a daily basis for a variety of weird and annoying problems. This HTC is solid all around and still a top tier performer. I would recommend it to anyone.Pros:Beautiful screenHTC Sense is sooo much better than Motoblur and Touchwiz!!!Fast, great for multi taskingtakes great photos and videocomfortable in your hand, or pocket4G, I regularly pull speeds over 20mbs on 4g network.Good battery life, software manages wireless signals so you dont have to.Free headphonesRELIABLE!Cons:Beats by dre software sucksHeavier and slightly bulkier than Razr and NexusBluetooth signal is only solid from about 1-15 feet.No dedicated HDMI out.

I've had this for about three months and I'm on the third phone.  The first one went into a continuous reboot cycle where it just rebooted all the time.  They sent me a replacement apparently because I had bought the "protection plan" (gee, what happened to the warranty?).  The replacement was also bad (WiFi kept starting and stopping which made WiFi useless and also disabled the Mobile Hotspot).  Finally got a third one and this one seems like it works better than either of the other two.Battery life sucks completely.  I paid $50 and got an "extended battery" which makes the phone much thicker and heavier.  Still, the thing will drain itself in half a day easy.  In fact, if I go to bed with the battery on 50%, I will wake up to a dead phone.  I would imagine the "standard" battery goes dead not very long after you turn the phone on.The display is good, the speed is good, the apps are good, and it seems like a pretty rugged phone when it hasn't fried itself.  The video quality is actually surprisingly good; it's better than my camcorder.

I bought this phone after reading all the positive and negative reviews and agreed with many users about its hardware and software features, limitations and end-user experience.  I'm giving this 3 out 5 stars because after 2 & 1/2 weeks, I can no longer make or receive calls without the phone either forcing a hard reboot by pulling out battery (pulling the battery out is a pain when you have a case) or have to wait 5 minutes for the device to restart.  On rare occasions, it doesn't do any of the described problems.The first 2 & 1/2 weeks was a monumental time.  Blazing 4G LTE speeds, GPS, Internet, Apps, good battery life (i could get a whole days worth of use without recharging) and so much more!  One day, the phone functionality stops working.  I haven't abused this device yet to cause any significant problems.  I haven't used this for bad websites, downloaded apps from an unknown source, dropped the device or anything.  I figure, maybe it just needs a factory reset? I proceed to do this and the problem continues.  Eventhough, I couldn't make calls, apps still worked, email, internet, messenging/sms/mms, and everything else.My brother has an HTC Evo, and has had no problems with it and I did do all my homework.  I researched for the best smartphone for a month before buying.  I have a replacement coming and hope that this problem will be resolved.Pros:-4G LTE-720p display-1.5ghz dual core-1 gig of ram-Battery-Camera-Apps-Expandable memoryCons:-Not alot, except when it stops working properly!!!!

the phone as a phone 9speeker phone and speeker 5they put the speaker to close to the mic which creates distortion sometimescamera is fast but i expected better from an 8 meg cam/pics are grainy 6User interface and ease of use 9prcessor fast 94g speeds in the 20's down and 13's up 10display awesome but who really need a full hd phone screen? I don't. 9the feel of the phone 8that is the weight a testure and just the overall feel. I will say that if your hands are not large that this will not be a one hand phone for you.lastly the con....the physical volume and display on and off buttons are soooooooo flush with the edge of the phone that it is really really really hard to tell if your touching a button. honestly i am surprised their aren't more people taking issue with it. I had the phone for a month and just couldn't live with it. Waiting on the razr max to ship now. Hope this helps.

I have been using the phone for about a week.  I have had a couple of HTC phones and this one is by far the best.Positives1.  This phone works for surfing the internet 3g/4g while on the phone.  Emails come in while your talking which is great if you use your phone for business.2.  The processor speed and screen are amazing.  No loading times and lightning fast speeds.3.  LTE is amazing.4.  Lots of storage and found an MHL micro to HDMI on amazon for $20 that allows me to watch my phone screen on my 60 inch LCD, its great!5.  Decided I don't need a tablet, the screen and functionality of this phone are enough to do it all.ObservationBattery life is decent.  If you turn off LTE 4g/GPS/wifi you will get a lot more time.  With them all on I get 5-6 hours of medium to heavy use during the work day.  Plug it in when you can.Negatives1.  Clock on phone isn't working (Known issue), just an FYI.  My clock resets to incorrect time all day.  You can fix by entering manual time but if you travel your clock dosen't update automatically, hopefully fixed soon.2.  Call quality is not great.  I have used the phone all over Phoenix and get 4 bars at my house and the call quality has been less than perfect.  I give call quality a B-.Overall the best functional device I own.  I wish they would have made the call quality better but overall its been an infrequent minor annoyance.

I really wanted to love it. I tried to love it. But there were three deal-breakers for me:1) the font is too small, and cannot be adjusted. I didn't know I needed a phone with a special feature for this, since my 4 year old basic phone can adjust the font with no problem. IF YOU ARE OVER 50 be sure to consider how small the font is.  I'm sure this is no worse than many other phones, it just happens to be the one I tried. I swapped it for an iphone 4S and it took about one minute to adjust the font so it was comfortable.2) the virtual keyboard is difficult. I don't really know why -- the iphone keyboard is about the same size, but I got way more typos on this one.3) the battery life seems peculiarly short. The battery totally ran out one day when I made 1 phone call (about 15 minutes), exchanged about 5 texts, spent about 30 min total on Facebook and email.  It did last longer when I changed the configurations to be power saving, but I found it unacceptable that minimal use ran out the battery unless I tweaked stuff.PROS:the camera was amazing - got some nice effects at a concert.The physical feel of the phone during a phone call was comfortableSo I gave up and got an iphone instead.  I did not want to jump on the iphone bandwagon but the font issue was critical for me. The shape of the iphone is not as comfortable on my ear, but the other features fit my needs better.

After living with this phone for four plus months and owning at least three smart phones before this one I was hoping that the dual core 1.5 MHz and other features would make this a stand out phone .WRONG WRONG this is by far the worst phone I have ever owned. First of all HTC forgot that first and foremost this is a phone then a smart little computer well they blew that ,The phone portion of this is pathetic at best. The mic is on the bottom of the phone not on the front where anyone with a brain would put it. Because of its rotten location it picks up noise and cancels out your voice all the time . If your indoors its ok because its generally quite indoors .Try using this phone outdoors with the wind blowing or noises from motorcycles, loud cars try going to the beach and using it if its windy and most likely it will be or there are waves crashing into shore this phone is totally useless.The person you are trying to talk to will hear about 1/10 of your conversation if lucky,yet if you have a dumb or feature phone in the same circumstances they can carry on a conversation with out skipping a beat.Ok next the Bluetooth radio in this junk is as worthless as they come.I have tried over 10 different Bluetooth headsets all from reputable manufacturers some costing well over $120 and not one works well with this phone yet same ones work fine with other manufacturers like motorola. Thus using a bluetooth headset is out of the question so bottom line here is as a phone this thing stinks and is a waste of money. I can't wait to get another phone from samsung or back to motorola HTC is JUNK and i have the proof!

Came from Droid XPrice- $49.99 from my cell phone service provider during a recent sale. I couldn't believe my eyes how cheap it was. The cheapest here on Amazon was something like 129.99 a while ago. I had my eye on this phone from the get go. I was just waiting for the right price point to drop. I'm glad I waited for this phone instead of pulling the trigger on the Bionic. I bought this brand new as well. The Droid X I bought last year was $100 and it was certified pre owned.Size- big 4.3 inch screen. Thick and heavy. Fits nice in the hand and fits in my jeans packet easily. It also fits in my Droid X cradle and car dock as well. Build quality seems good. The back panel is not easy to take off, but it's not difficult, either. I'm worried though that if I take off enough times, it'll wear down and become looser.Call Quality- loud and clear. Sometimes have to move phone away from my ear it is so loud. I haven't had many phone calls. I also haven't had any dropped phone calls. Verizon is an excellent service in my area.Data- I'm living in a 3G area but I do go to 4G areas frequently and the phone is blazing. Another kudos to Verizon's network. I think it's faster than my home's wifi connection. Couple this with a dual core processor and it's a joy to use to stream music, surf the web and download and upload files. The only hiccup I noticed was when I was at the beach, it asked if I wanted roaming data because Canada is right across from Lake Erie where I live. It said something about roaming on your trip (to another country?) I had to turn data off at that point.GPS- locks on faster than my Droid X. I use my phone as a dedicated GPS in the car so it was important that this works flawlessly. And it does. It also appears to be more accurate. Very rarely did the Droid X lock on precisely where I was. Additionally, on the Droid X, it took a while for the GPS to turn on. On the Rezound, it's instantaneous. Initializing the navigation app on the DroidX was hit or miss. I just turned it on in my living room and the Rezound found my location precisely. The Droid X had to be outside, away from the house before it locked on. Sometimes it had to wait till I was driving away from my house.Hardware and capacitive Buttons- No dedicated camera button which isn't a big deal, but was a nice feature on the Droid X. The power button is nearly flush with the body frame. It can be difficult to find without looking. Putting a case on the Rezound makes it a little easier to find. The volume buttons are ridiculously difficult to press down. And the case I bought for it actually makes it harder. So I decided to download an app that gives me onscreen controls to volume. This is not ideal because the screen has to be woke up and on to use the app. The 4 capacitive buttons on the bottom work well. They are very touch sensitive. Although I enjoyed using the tactile feedback of the Droid X's hard buttons, these capacitive buttons are a joy to use. The fact that you cant use the buttons until the phone is woken up from sleep may be a good thing to prevent accidental button presses.Camera- I rarely use the video recorder but I took a video is a low light situation for about 5 minutes and it came out nicely. Sound was excellent. Some blurring as I panned back and forth. I used the 1080 HD setting. It didn't use up much battery, which I found surprising. The camera is faster than the Droid X in terms of initializing and shutter speed. It has some great settings. I especially like the Action Burst, which takes five pictures in succession to allow you to choose the best picture among the five. I'm not a camera buff so I'm not going to comment anymore. I haven't used the front camera yet, except to just try it out. It'll only work in a well lighted area because of no flash.Music- Meh. My music is in the cloud, which uses Google's Music app, not the phone's music app. So I can't comment if the Beats make a difference. The headphones look nice. Not sure if they are worth a hundo. The external speaker is loud. Louder than the Droid X's speaker.HTC Sense 3.5- Coming from Moto Blur, it was a minimally skinned phone on the Droid X compared to the Rezound. The only widget I liked on Blur was the contacts widget. HTC Sense is real nice. I hated using a lock screen on the Droid X but this lockscreen is actually useful! It has short cuts for phone, camera, and messages and then I put navigation on it. Really cool. I use the power settings widget, the Friend Stream Widget, which combines my twitter feed and Facebook feed, the People Widget, which loads a specific group of contacts and their latest activity from Facebook, twitter, whatever. There's a great text messaging widget that presents your latest texts in a card setup. You can flick through the cards vertically to see your latest conversations. Scrolling is smooth through home screens but not very fast. Returning to the home screen from an app doesn't hang the phone up at all, apps and widgets populate fast.Display- Crisp and clear. Colors pop. Not easy to see in sunlight. Much better looking than the Droid Bionic. It does attract fingerprints like crazy. No Gorilla Glass means less peace of mind, but I'm not sure if it makes a difference. I'm sure all smart phones now have some sort of reinforced glass.Battery- Not sure. I have switched among the power settings but haven't used each one consistently to determine which is best. At times the phone will last a day, other times, it'll only last the morning; it all depends on what I'm doing. The biggest drain seems to be streaming music online through tune in radio, Pandora or MLB At Bat 12. I bought a second battery on Amazon for $10 and a battery charger here for a few dollars. Don't need a cable for it, the second battery sticks right into the charger and the charger plugs into a wall outlet. So I always have another battery at hand. Fits in your pocket too. Battery seems to last longer if I stay on 3G rather than 4G.Overall, it's a beautiful phone that does nearly everything I want it to do. It was a steal for the price I paid for it. I would recommend an extra battery.

After a week of using the Rezound and trying, trying, trying to like it, I have given up.  I am returning my Rezound and replacing it with the Galaxy Nexus.  The Rezound is a good phone, but compared to the Galaxy Nexus and and the Droid RAZR, it's in last place.  Now, I'm an Android newbie -- I'm switching from the iPhone / iOS world, so some of my challenges involved the transition to a new mobile OS.  But being somewhat technically proficient, I hope that I will be able to relay some important details to help others who may be debating whether to get the Rezound or not.*** The Good: ***- Sound while playing music via stock music player:This elicited a WOW response, and much of the credit goes to the stock Monster / Beats by Dr Dre earbuds.  When I played the same song on my iPhone 3GS using my BOSE buds versus the Beats buds, the Beats were somewhat better.  But when I played the same song on my Rezound using my BOSE buds versus the Beats buds, the Beats were downright INCREDIBLE.  Some people downplay this, by saying it's only marginally better, or by saying that you can achieve similar quality using a good equalizer app.  Maybe.  All I can say is, using the stock music player (and that's an important caveat), the sound was good.  (But, heads up, look for remarks on the Sound when I get to "The Bad").- Camera:The camera is great.  This is the one feature I will miss when I switch to the Galaxy Nexus, I suspect.- The Specs:No phone on the market has better specs, in terms of processor, memory, resolution, etc.  The screen itself has some remarks in "The Bad", but the specs make this phone an impressive toy.*** The Bad: ***Let's just jump into this part.  There are enough fanboy reviews out there who believe the phone does no wrong.  I personally found it more helpful to find the reviews that focused on what would potentially bother me.- Sound (and the earbuds), period:See, on the Rezound, no one should be complaining about the sound.  But I am.  And so are many, many others if you browse the web long enough.  This may be the fault of the stock Monster / Beats by Dr Dre earbuds, but there is definitely a problem with static with the sound.  I've noticed it in small amounts while listening to music and watching videos, and you definitely notice it while using the phone (and yes, some of it is Verizon's sub-par call quality compared to AT&T; [in the Chicago market], but I believe this is also a problem with the phone or the buds as well.)  Even worse, several times I encountered a rather shocking problem: I literally was shocked.  While listening to music, I would feel small electric shocks from time to time in my ears.  (Yes, this means they're defective in some way.  It's part of the reason I'm returning the phone.)  Finally, the placement of the microphone / playback controls on the buds is annoying.  Instead of being somewhat near your head, it hangs near the middle of your chest.  This makes you intuitively raise the wire to your face when someone can't hear you - which is often.  Overall, I had way too many complaints about the sound and specifically about the earbuds, and on the Rezound, this is a dealbreaker.- Screen:The screen resolution is good, sure, but the screen itself is just plain dim.  I've read this has to do with the screen being LCD as opposed to the RAZR's and the Nexus's AmoLED screen.  Whatever.  Part of the reason I chose the Rezound over the RAZR back in November was because the RAZR got trashed in the reviews for its screen resolution and people raved about the Rezound's resolution.  Well, my friend got a RAZR, and I promise you, the RAZR looks better. I'm hoping the Nexus looks better too, and from what I can tell from the in-store demo's, I think it will.- Battery:The absolute worst battery experience I've ever had.  I enjoy watching videos downloaded from my Tivo on my way to and from work each day.  On my iPhone, this was no problem.  I charged every night, but I expected to do so.  The Rezound would lose 30% of its battery within an hour.  By 2 pm, my battery would be dead.  Yes, I learned to employ little widgets and toggles that would allow me to manage the power more effectively, and there were a couple of days the battery almost lasted until the end of the work day.  But it was a lot of work.  I don't want to super-manage what my phone does, I want it to do everything it can whenever it has the need to do it, and I want to be able to go home at the end of the day with enough of a charge to make at least one phone call, even if I forget to charge the phone during the day.  (I'm aware the Nexus may be no better in the battery department.  We'll see.  In any case, the extended battery for the Rezound is laughably big.  That is not the case for the Nexus's extended battery.  So again, the Rezound loses on this one.)- HTC Sense 3.0:Despite HTC putting an admirable effort into making a unique interface, I had a lot of frustrations with it.  This is not the Rezound's fault, and Android know-it-all's would perhaps mock me for pointing this out.  But the "All Apps / Phone / Personalize" buttons on the bottom are obnoxious.  The People / Contacts organization is ridiculous (a failing of both HTC and Android as a whole, from what I understand.)  The inability to resize widgets is annoying.  Overall, I liked the RAZR's custom interface better, and I like the Nexus's ICS interface the best.  It will be interesting to see how HTC changes things when the Rezound gets the ICS upgrade.- Syncing:Coming from the iTunes world, this is downright maddening.  I am astounded that Google hasn't built an iTunes clone for Android.  The hodge-podge of syncing apps and software; I've tried them all this week - including HTC's custom sync software.  They all pretty much sucked.  I finally found that the best solution was to drag and drop files manually from Windows to the Android phone.  (Now, the Nexus won't mount as a USB drive due to the fact that it's got a single, unexpandable amount of storage on it (boo, Samsung & Google!  I would have liked the option.)  It will be interesting to see whether Syncing is any better with the Nexus.)- The Specs:Finally, back to one of the aspects from "The Good".  Yes, the specs are good, but they're meaningless to real-world users.  In fact, the Rezound is noticeably slower than both the RAZR and the Nexus, from what I have personally seen.  Some may claim I'm imagining it, some may throw performance reports out there to disprove me, some may say I clearly received a defective phone.  I don't care.  What I saw was, the Rezound - while being a good phone - wasn't anywhere near as impressive as the RAZR wound up being, and it doesn't seem to be as well made as the Galaxy Nexus.Buy it if you want.  But make sure you understand the return policy.-----And speaking of which, one final note: So far, Amazon Wireless has proven to employ the absolute best customer service representatives with which I have ever dealt.  No one else even comes close.  I have had to put together a very complex order and exchange scenario with my situation, and the Amazon Wireless reps have been simply amazing.  Kudos to them and to Amazon.  And Amazon Corporate -- you're doing this right, with the Wireless department.  Please always remember, while we will buy your products for their prices, we're going to tell everyone we know to buy from you because of your representatives.  Keep these people employed, and keep up the good work!

My contract expired when the Bionic debuted and though I really wanted another HTC phone (my Eris took a hell of a beating without complaint), I wanted to take advantage of my unlimited data plan with the 4G LTE service that recently arrived to my neck of the woods.I'm glad I was patient and waited for the Rezound (which was still being referred to as the Thunderbolt II and Vigor).  It really screams and now I can finally watch streaming Netflix and between the 4G and the phones sweet display, the video quality is amazing.My only concern is the battery life.  This phone devours batteries much faster than my old Eris and my wife's HTC Thunderbolt.  I'm considering either purchasing an extended battery or a couple 1700 mAh batteries.Overall, I am absolutely impressed with this phone, as is a jealous coworker who just compared it to his Motorola Droid 3 and had my Rezound steal all of its thunder.

Not the slimest and not the coolest. But everythying works and it passed the train test of streaming Netflix in the station and all the way home on the train from downtown Chicago to the burbs. Camera works great. Size if best for me. Had the 4.5 inch and too big. Before I tried all the latest phones I had the Thunderbolt. Got very tired of the extended battery (only way to last a day).More later...11/22/11 Update:Very Happy with Battery Life after having RAZR and coming from Tbolt.I get up at 5:00am and take off charge. at 2:00pm it is at 60%. Charge it for an hour and it goes to 100%.Leave work and go home. On the train stream netflix and it lasts till I go to bed at 9:00pm.Yes it would be nice it no charge at 2, but one charge I can handle. The tbolt took 2 in a day before I got the extended battery.Razr charges more slowly and loses charge faster.Everything works well on the rezound. HTC got it right after ra number of issues with the tbolt.Phone feels good in hand. Better than tbolt, razr and ATT Skyrocket. Display is nice although I have gotten used to the samsung super Amoled. I will keep this phone as I still have the unlimtied data plan. Once contract is up I may switch to ATT as better phones adn their LTE was just as fast. Just failed the train test for me.If on verizon, buy this phone if you want a solid 4g performer.

It actually came out of the box and the phone function itself didn't work, it wasn't until it got a software update that it actually worked. Right now it's unbearably slow. It takes it 60+ seconds to load up IM+ after it has been dumped out of RAM. I usually press and app and just walk away and come back when it's loaded. I've tried formating the thing 4 times, tried different Android builds, flushing the flash, and even kernel hacks. Nothing will make this thing any faster. Also the battery is terrible, even with the extended battery. Using it all day, it will end up dead before the night, and that's with the extended battery that makes it thicker than any smart phone on the market now. Bleh, I ranted about it so long on Facebook I'm all ranted out now, the thing just sucks.

HTC's slogan of "quietly brilliant" really applies to this phone. The Razr and Nexus have been all over in advertising yet I barely knew this phone exists.This phone is extrodinarily reliable. Every things runs at top speed with no troubles. The screen is better than the Retina display of the iPhone and a gorgeous 4.3in. This phone is thicker than most of the competition but it does not feel bulky. It is light and the weight is distributed well. The earbuds and beats software work well.As with almost every Android phone the battery leaves somethong to be desired. I largely solved this problem by getting an external battery charger with two batteries on Amazon for just $23.This is a solid phone I can fully recommend.

Buy the Rezound, you won't regret it.The HTC Rezound is an incredible smartphone. I've owned mine for about two months now. Initially, I thought I was going to buy a RAZR. My brother and I went to Best Buy and when we walked out, I owned this phone and he owned the RAZR. Our plan was to see whose we liked better before our one month return timeframe was up. We both ended up keeping the phones we walked out with.(Actually, my brother exchanged his RAZR for another one due to a slight problem with the screen when it was displaying a black image, for instance when watching a video. There were faintly visible blotches and lines present in the dark areas. The new one he received had the same problem, but he felt it wasn't anything major, so he kept it. It's not very visible unless you actually look for it, and apparently it is a small problem with the RAZR's screens in general).BODYI researched quite a few different smartphones before I decided on this one. I really like its size and weight, compared to the RAZR. The slightly thicker body and rounded edges make it easier to hold and more comfortable in the hand. It fits in my pocket well. I'm not a big fan of the ultra thinness of the RAZR. I can't really explain why.SCREENThe screen on this phone is incredible. My friends were wowed. 720p resolution looks amazing. I played the same YouTube video on the Rezound and the RAZR at the same time, and while each seemed equally sharp to me, the Rezound had warmer, more natural colors. The high pixel density (I'm pretty confident it's the highest of any phone out there right now) makes it possible to read even the tiniest of text.BATTERYI was hesitant at first because the RAZR has a 1750mAh battery, compared to the Rezound's 1620. I shouldn't have been, because the battery life on this thing is epic for what it can do. I keep 4G on, cycle through GPS and Wifi a handful of times, stream a couple songs every few hours, make a dozen (shortish, 1-3 minutes) phone calls, watch a YouTube video or 3, send huge amounts of texts, make a couple words with friends moves, and browse the internet for a while, all on one charge. I'm averaging about 20-24 hours of battery life with the above usage. Of course, a good 6-10 hours of that is when I am sleeping (with wifi and GPS off). I haven't yet needed to recharge it to get through a day. Brightness is set to about 30% except under direct sunlight, in which case I turn it up a bit. I'm not sure what effect, if any, it has on my battery life, but for the first month or so of owning this phone, I would try my best to drain the battery completely before fully recharging it. Another point I should mention is that the battery life gets better after the first few charge/discharge cycles. I have a few other battery savings tricks I use too, if anyone is that interested.EVERYTHING ELSE..about this phone is history. It has the fastest processor available, a great UI, and Verizon's AMAZING 4G network. (It is dangerously fast). I have 4 GB of data, and with the usage above, I rarely get up to 2 GB per month, usually much less. I have apps on this thing to control my Onkyo 7.2 channel receiver, manage my finances, check the weather (I disabled the huge HTC weather/clock widget and selected a smaller one of theirs), check my Gmail, play games, listen to music, etc etc etc. The camera is excellent. I'll post a picture I took with it from right outside the Best Buy store when I get around to it. My brother took the same picture with his RAZR and it was much lower quality.PROBLEMSNothing major, just little nitpicky things I have noticed, and which probably are problems with the Android OS and not this phone.- Sometimes when I try to go back and delete a word in a text message I am actively writing, if the word was auto corrected, it won't delete. I have to back out of the message (it saves as a draft) and click back on that person's name again. This happens rarely.- Some settings are confusing. Mainly in reference to screen brightness and battery settings between different profiles (Android's Economy, Normal, and Performance). I think this is because I have a few different apps that try and help manage my battery life.- Confirmations whenever I enable any of the 3 different GPS services (i.e, "Enabling this could potentially allow others to know your location and could pose a security risk, blah blah blah."- Included ring tones and beeps are few. I liked the Blackberry's simple beeps and low tones for when I received texts, emails, FB posts, etc. Haven't found how to assign particular tones to the above messages.- External speaker/speakerphone could be louder. But it's decent as background music for a couple guys sitting around drinking beers.- Wish it came with gorilla glass like the RAZR, but a cheap screen protector has saved it from a scratch or two it would otherwise have.- One drawback that I didn't think of at first but that I find very annoying are the volume rocker buttons. They are hard to press without a case on, and with one, frustratingly so. You'll need a fingernail, and forget about doing it with the phone up to your ear or in the dark.The Dre Beats headphones and software did not factor into my decision to buy the phone. But they're a nice touch and the earbuds definitely sound good. (At least much better than the series of Apple earbuds that I have been using for the past 10 years).This phone has a better camera, better screen, and better form factor than the RAZR does. Don't get me wrong, the RAZR is a great phone too, but the Rezound beats it in a lot of key ways. Go get one! Once you go smartphone, you won't go back.

This is my first smart phone, and I think I made a great decision getting the Rezound. I've had it for almost two months, and I have yet to have any major problems with it. The battery life is actually really great, which is the main thing I was worried about. I use my phone fairly actively through the day and a full charge usually lasts me an entire day, and the most I've gotten out of one charge is around 36 hours. I do occasionally have issues with dropping wifi/3g connection, but it doesn't seem to be much of a problem. All I have to do is go to the settings menu and reconnect. The one thing I'm not happy with is the Beats headphones that came with this phone. They were amazing at first,  but died after about 6 weeks. Considering the retail value of said headphones is pushing $100, I expected way more out of them. Since I basically got them for free, though, I'm not that upset. The sound quality on the phone is great, the camera could be a little better, but it's not terrible. I would definitely recommend this phone.

I have used iPhone 3G, HTC Droid Incredible, and now HTC Rezound. No question Rezound is the best smart phone up to date. Great screen, smooth and fast, and the Beats audio is simply amazing especially if you like music with heavy bass. Besides, the headphone that came with it is already worth the money you're paying for for the package. To be honest I was hoping to get HTC One X, but I'm stuck with Verizon unfortunately. Anyway, if you're on AT&T, HTC One X is the phone to get.

Went from a Droid 2 to the Rezound.  Droid still functioned perfectly after two years of operation, but I was forced to "upgrade" equipment in order to keep my unlimited data plan with Verizon.  I've had nothing but problems, not the least of which was a total lockup during a software update.  Phone was replaced under warranty.  Then, it needed to be replaced again due to slow/sluggish performance and daily crashes requiring a battery removal to power cycle.  HTC/Verizon does not allow ad hoc wireless (so I can't operate my AR Drone), and hotspot connectivity costs extra to enable.  Battery life isn't the greatest, especially connected to 4G.  4G is only marginally faster, but I don't know if that's HTC's or Verizon's fault.  Power/comm cable connection is flimsy and not a standard mini USB.  I have the docking station and use(ed) the phone for clock/alarm at night.  Last night, while placing the phone into the dock, the phone connector broke.  I could still connect the cable directly to the phone, but the docking station would not work.  Menu structure makes finding features and functions difficult.  I gave it one extra star for the screen clarity, but everything else is pretty crummy on this device.

I had cell phones for almost 30 years, all makes and carriers and had this one for over a year, (since it was released)please read the reviews, I have nothing to add, this phone is just horribleI did resets, I did updates ...sorry, but still junk...... I wish it wasn't

I've now had the ReZound for 6 months, after having to abruptly turn in my Thunderbolt to Verizon (long story). The store I was in didn't have any Thunderbolts but the salesman assured me that I would love the ReZound and that the battery would far exceed the OEM extended battery on the T.B. That was just a flat-out lie. I immediately purchased an OEM extended battery for the RZ and still can't get through a workday with minimal use if the LTE or WiFi are turned on. Even without using the call functions -- text messaging alone drains the battery to nothing. To make matters worse, the phone is HUGE and HEAVY with the extended battery. I could cope with this if the extended battery actually got me through the day. BTW, the extended battery on the T.B. got me almost 2 days of use, so there is no excuse for the RZ chewing through a battery like it does. I have a battery saver app installed, the brightness set at about 50%, etc.To be honest, I'm tired of getting locked into phones for 2 years only to find that I need an extended battery and still can't use the phone to its full operating potential (I shouldn't HAVE to dim the screen or turn off LTE or disable ANYTHING in order to have the phone limp through 3/4 of a work day!). It is time for these companies to step up and provide a battery that can support the phone.And my last comment, don't tell me to root the phone. I am not a tech geek and shouldn't have to do anything to the OS after bringing it home in order to get the phone to work like it should. That's bullsh**. The battery shouldn't drain this fast and it shouldn't overheat like this one does. Period.I also frequently have trouble with the 4G service but that is probably a Verizon issue rather than a RZ issue.

This phone was my first smartphone, so I was expecting a fantastic phone. Well that is not what you will get with this phone. I am constantly having problems with this piece of Chinese crap. Weather it's something small or something that prevents me from using the phone completely. After about two months of listening to music on the phone with the beats that come with it, the left side of the audio input doesn't work. The Beats themselves worked in my iPod (which I have not had a single problem with). When I receive a text (no matter what setting it's on) the phone will not vibrate. at time the screen will freeze up and not do anything at all till I lock and then unlock the phone. Earlier this week the home, settings, etc. buttons at the bottom weren't vibrating so I tried to restart it and it froze at the opening "HTC" screen. UNREAL!!! I've been warned that Android phones were crap, and that I should just get an iPhone. But I didn't listen. I thought it would be cool to have Beats (That also broke later). But now I'm suffering the conciseness. I would not suggest this phone to anyone. BUY AN IPHONE!!!!! Nobody I know has had any problem with their iPhones. It doesn't even need to be the new one. Any iPhone is better. DO NOT IGNORE THIS REVIEW!!! Ignore all those 5 star reviews, believe me. My review would have been the same after 2 days (which is when most of these reviews are written). But after having this piece of junk for over a year, it just gets more glitchy every day.

Phone Rocks. PERIOD. Manage your power usage and the phone's battery will last all day. The screen is amazing (compared to ALL other phones). The camera is awesome. Sense 3.5 is visually stunning. If your scared that "HTC SENSE SLOWS DOWN YOUR PHONE"... give me a break its a 1.5Ghz Dual Core Processor. The headphones that come with it rock and have an in-line mic for "headset" applications. Love this phone. I waited for the galaxy nexus (as you probably are reading this) and I was afraid I would be disappointed. This phone is great. Love the size (other say bulky, I say perfect). They do make an extended battery for this phone if you feel it is necessary. Do the research but this phone is awesome.The Engadget review was great (if you ask me) and helped me make my decision.SEE HERE - [...]

Edit - after the 4.0.3 android update and the htc sense 3.6 this phone is much betterIf you have to have Android for whatever reason this phone if it is still available is one you should go for.  You can now stop some of the useless programs from verizon from running making it a nearly useful phone. Still has LTE battery drain problems.. but the radio set works now.Pros- Great Camera - fast and responsive - got the phone for these two reasonsedit - no longer happening -Cons - SIM card gets confused often 4 times in the 6 months I have had the phone and requires either a total reset or if you download a radio manager you can reset the radio if you take the SIM card out. When I first got it it used the battery very fast then it got some update and I could go all day even a day and a half if I set the radio to cdma only but now.. its back to half a day.  The Phone is not very usable at all with the "4G" enabled. "4G" is really a gimmick and in retrospect was a bad decision to go with and was not what I got the phone for so I leave it set to 3g all the time.I would not buy this phone again and I will not buy another HTC again.  I had a good result with the first Incredible.  I got this phone from work if I had a choice I would go with the IPhone.

The HTC Sync software is a piece of junk.  Instead of syncronizing and organizing my information it has been it more disorganized and in many cases messed up the data.  The junkware only syncs with MS Outlook, but has destroyed the data in my calendar and contact records.  This doesn't even factor in that the sync software takes 15 minutes to "sync (aka destroy data)" or that I was told by HTC's own representatives that the software is buggy which is why they suggested that I use a version from nearly one year ago.  This software alone makes me hate my new phone.

First of do not listen to the Apple and Galaxy fanboys,the Galaxy and Iphone are far from perfect,where i will agree the battery could be better,but where this phone shines is the radios,never once have i had a drop call or data issues,unlike the galaxy,or the Iphone,hardware wise this phone will pretty much handle anything you throw at it,4G and Wifi are lightning fast,nice clear big screen well built,decent camera superior GPS,make the rezound a top notch phone.

The Verizon store is customer service for Verizon - has nothing to do with where you bought your phone.  I've had excellent service from Verizon Wireless, regardless of purchasing my phones from Amazon.com and their online competitors.  Truly you get the best of both worlds -- Verizon's decent customer service, and Amazon.com's truly record-setting customer service.

The phone is great, fast, the camera is awesome.  It was a huge upgrade over my DInc that I love(d).I noticed after the 2nd day with it that I wasn't connecting to 4G, only 3G.  There were a couple other oddities too (weather wasn't updating, etc) - so I decided to reboot... and it continued to reboot itself for the next 20 minutes until I took out the battery and did some research online.It seems that the phone's internal settings for which network to connect aren't quite correct and causes a clash with the 4G SIM card.  From the many posts in multiple forums it appears to be a pretty common.Here's the steps I took to correct my phone:Take out batteryRemove SIM cardBoot phoneFrom the dialer press *#*#4636#*#* to get into the phones sub menuFrom there select Phone InformationSet the network to CDMAEVDO/LTE - AutoI found this information here:[...]Now my phone is humming along.  I could not be happier with my rezound.

The speed, The screen, The reception are all amazing. The pinch to zoom is outstanding. The best phone on Verizon today. Perfect fit in my hands and get nothing but aww when anyone sees the photos or videos. The battery life is not a problem whatsoever. I just turn of my mobile signal off and I can go for days. My only issue are the very small power and volume buttons but I've gotten used to it.

Stay away from this junk phone. Save yourself the trouble. I purchased this phone about 4 months ago and at first it seemed alright. Everything was good the display looked great and i liked the setup of the phone and everything. After about 2 weeks after i purchased the phone it started having issues with charging and the verizon employee i spoke with recommended purchasing a new charger. So i did. This had no effect on the issue it was still having problems charging but it seemed to only do this about once every week at first.Then later into the 2nd month of owning the phone the issues became more persistant. So than i was forced to purchase a new battery. This seemed to fix the issue. Only to find out 2 weeks later the issues started to happen yet again with the brand new battery. Now after going through 2 new batterys and 3 new chargers and spending more money on the batterys and chargers than i did on the phone itself, the phone will not charge at all. If i charge it while its on it says it is charging but than states &#34;The phone is using more power than the charger is providing&#34; and slowly dies. If i power the phone off than it says its charging but than after 14 hours of charging after turning the phone back on it will not turn on. After removing the battery and sim card for 45 minutes and trying to get the phone to work i finally managed to get it to turn on and its only at 14 percent battery and dying. I only get to make one phone call a day while charging this piece of crap and have to limit it to 10 minutes, than the phone has to stay off for the rest of the day. When i get a new phone im taking this thing outside and hitting a homerun with my baseball bat. That is the most excitement this piece of crap phone will ever provide for me. Also after reading forums it seems like everyone else is having the same issues constantly. Thanks for ripping us off HTC with your worst phone ever constructed, I will never purchase your products ever again.

This phone is mostly amazing.  I originally bought the Droid Razr and did not like it at all.Pros:-Phenomenal camera (Front & back).-Visual and audio quality are crisp and vivid.  Special headphones are included that provide a full stereo sound.-Super fast processor.-It is not super sleek, but the dimensions of the phone actually feel more comfortable in the hand.-Toggling between windows/apps is easy and quick.-Value.  I ended up saving $164 using Amazon instead of Verizon.  Retail on Verizon is $199.99 and you pay tax on the full retail value which is about $44 dollars.  Shipping is much faster.Cons:-Power button and volume controls do not protrude enough.-No exterior camera button & lacks a variety of timer settings. Even with a timer, the timer is reset each time the app is opened.-Battery life is garbage but I suppose thats common with smartphones.  I opted for the extended battery which adds considerable bulk.  I've only had that for one day so I can't give a solid review on how efficient it is.  I need to put the battery in the morning and see how it keeps up with regular use.-Does not come with swype feature (so far only Samsung Galaxy had a great swype keyboard) and audio to text is completely unimpressive.Overall, I really like my phone.  I may write an updated review after several months of use.

I'm on my 3rd one right now. The 1st lasted a week before the battery started shorting out and it would die even while charging while getting dangerously hot. After about 2 months with my 2nd it started acting up. When I would play music over any headphones, the tracks would randomly skip and the phone would start to call people in my call history. I had to reset my phone and it was good for a few days and started to happen again. Onto lucky number 3... After about 2-3 months the screen doesn't always turn on when I wake the phone up. The back lights go on the screen does nothing. I have to keep hitting the button and around 20-60 seconds later it might work, other times I have to pull the battery. It happens more and more now and a reset did nothing.Other then the technical problems it is a decent phone. The software seems laggy and kind of slow. Beats audio is alright, but nothing special. Otherwise it has a lot of awesome features. Thankfully I'm getting a galaxy nexus in a few days to finish out my contract with, I can't stand the Rezound anymore.

This is the best smartphone I've ever owned. I've had every Motorola Droid phone except the Razr and was a die hard Droid fan until I got the HTC rezound. This is the first HTC device I've ever wanted and I love this thing. It blew my Droid bionic away on every speed test I did between them even when I started the bionic first the rezound still beat it every time. I bought 2 1800mah batteries w/separate charger for extra battery so I've always got a fresh battery. The 1280X720p 4.3 inch true HD display also beat the bionic on video too. I honestly cant say anything negative abt the HTC rezound. I recommend this high end 4G device to everyone . Even people with the galaxy nexus have said the colors watching movies were better on my rezound n not washed out. I thought It would be the other way around but was surprised when the rezound was better when watching videos. It also does screen capture right of the box plus u can do voice n data even on 3G which not even the Verizon iphonie can do. So take that apple.  so If yer looking for a high end 4G Verizon smartphone that's blazing fast and great for watching video look no further.  HTC REZOUND IS THA SHIZNIZZLE ... PEACE MY NINJAS

This is the first smartphone I've ever had and it has blown my mind. Excellent camera/video quality, lightening fast connectivity, no dropped calls and amazing reception all over [OC]. This phone is straight quality and the beats headphones are an added bonus. I've never experienced music like this before and no need for a blue tooth with that lovely bonus.My ONLY negative for this phone is the battery life. I use my phone a lot at work with programs like Pandora and Audible, so I do have to charge it around 3pm [it's no where near dying on me, but Ive become accustomed to having it fully charged] for it to last through the night, but that's okay with me.*Potential Apple killer in my opinion.Worth getting, you won't be disappointed.

I've had several smartphones over the years including iPhone, Samsung Androids, and even the Palm Pre (ooops!). The HTC Rezound is a powerful phone with a great, smooth user experience I've owned. You can read the specs on Amazon, but rest assured, it's got plenty of muscle, plus this phone has 32GB of storage, which will cost you nearly $300 out of the box for any other smartphone. Now that Android 4.0 is on it, it's even better. The ability to customize your phone is definitely where Android has an advantage over Apple's phone. The display is beautiful and camera takes good pictures. There's not much to not like. One warning: the screen is prone to scratching. I HIGHLY recommend a screen protector on this phone.
